<doc id="20677296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677296" title="Solidarnost">
Solidarnost

Solidarnost (Солидарность, Russian for "Solidarity", named after the Polish Solidarność) is a Russian liberal democratic political movement founded on 13 December 2008 by a number of well-known members of the liberal democratic opposition, including Garry Kasparov, Boris Nemtsov and others from the Yabloko and Union of Right Forces (which had just merged with two pro-Kremlin parties, the Democratic Party of Russia and Civilian Power, to form the pro-Kremlin liberal democratic Right Cause) parties, leaders of the Dissenters March events, the Committee 2008, the People's Democratic Union, the United Civil Front, The Other Russia and other politicians and political groups.
In an apparent attempt to weaken the movement immediately before its foundation, President Dmitri Medvedev nominated former leader of the Union of Right Forces Nikita Belykh to become governor of the Kirov Oblast (Belykh agreed to take the position). As reported by the International Herald Tribune Belykh "sought to explain his decision by arguing that he could do more good by working with the Kremlin. He said he would prove that someone with progressive ideas could succeed in the government", while saying that "When you have nothing at all, when you cannot even get close in the elections, when all your paths are being cut off, then you just can't have a political party."
Participants.
Solidarnost movement includes the following forces;

</doc>
<doc id="20677301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677301" title="Mount Savage Historic District">
Mount Savage Historic District

The Mount Savage Historic District is a national historic district in Mount Savage, Allegany County, Maryland. It comprises 189 19th and 20th century buildings, structures, and sites within this industrial community northwest of Cumberland. The structures reflect the community's development as a center of the iron, coal, brick, and railroad industries from the 1830s to the early 20th century. Included are a set of vertical-board duplexes on Old Row built about 1840, and possibly the earliest examples of workers' housing remaining in the region.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20677316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677316" title="Neural top down control of physiology">
Neural top down control of physiology

Neural top down control of physiology concerns the direct regulation by the brain of physiological functions (in addition to smooth muscle and glandular ones). Cellular functions include the immune system’s production of T-lymphocytes and antibodies, and nonimmune related homeostatic functions such as liver gluconeogenesis, sodium reabsorption, osmoregulation, and brown adipose tissue nonshivering thermogenesis. This regulation occurs through the sympathetic and parasympathetic system (the autonomic nervous system), and their direct innervation of body organs and tissues that starts in the brainstem. There is also a noninnervation hormonal control through the hypothalamus and pituitary (HPA). These lower brain areas are under control of cerebral cortex ones. Such cortical regulation differs between its left and right sides. Pavlovian conditioning shows that brain control over basic cell level physiological function can be learnt.
Higher brain.
Cerebral cortex.
Sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems and the hypothalamus are regulated by the higher brain. Through them, the higher cerebral cortex areas can control the immune system, and the body’s homeostatic and stress physiology. Areas doing this include the insular cortex, the orbital, and the medial prefrontal cortices. These cerebral areas also control smooth muscle and glandular physiological processes through the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system including blood circulation, urogenital, gastrointestinal functions, pancreatic gut secretions, respiration, coughing, vomiting, piloerection, pupil dilation, lacrimation and salivation. 
Lateralization.
The sympathetic nervous system is predominantly controlled by the right side of the brain (focused upon the insular cortex), while the left side predominantely controls the parasympathetic nervous system. The cerebral cortex in rodents shows lateral specialization in its regulation of immunity with immunosuppression being controlled by the right hemisphere, and immunopotention by the left one. Humans show similar lateral specialized control of the immune system from the evidence of strokes, surgery to control epilepsy, and the application of TMS.
Brainstem.
The higher brain top down control of physiology is mediated by the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems in the brainstem, and the hypothalamus. The sympathetic nervous system arises in brainstem nuclei that project down into intermediolateral columns of thoracolumbar spinal cord neurons in spinal segments T1–L2. The parasympathetic nervous system in the motor nuclei of cranial nerves III, VII, IX, (control over the pupil and salivary glands) and X (vagus –many functions including immunity) and sacral spinal segments (gastrointestinal and urogenital systems). Another control occurs through top down control by the medial areas of the prefrontal cortex. upon the hypothalamus which has a nonnerve control of the body through hormonal secretions of the pituitary. 
Immunity.
The brain controls immunity both indirectly through HPA glucocorticoid secretions from the pituitary, and by various direct innervations. 
Metabolism.
The liver receives both sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system innervation. 
Conditioning.
The brains of animals can anticipatorily learn to control cell level physiology such as immunity through Pavlovian conditioning. In this conditioning, a neutral stimulus saccharin is paired in a drink with an agent, cyclophosphamide, that produces an unconditioned response (immunosuppression). After learning this pairing, the taste of saccharin by itself through neural top down control created immunosuppression, as a new conditioned response. This work was originally done on rats, however, the same conditioning can also occur in humans. The conditioned response happens in the brain with the ventromedial nucleus of the hypothalamus providing the output pathway to the immune system, the amygdala, the input of visceral information, and the insular cortex acquires and creates the conditioned response. 
The production of different components of the immune system can be controlled as conditioned responses: 
Nonimmune functions can also be conditioned:

</doc>
<doc id="20677329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677329" title="My Son, My Son!">
My Son, My Son!

My Son, My Son! is a 1940 American drama film based on a novel by the same name written by Howard Spring and directed by Charles Vidor. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by John DuCasse Schulze.
Production.
Edward Small bought film rights to the book for $50,000 in part because he thought it would make an ideal vehicle for his new star, Louis Hayward.
Plans to make the film were temporarily halted due to World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20677335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677335" title="Who's Your Daddy? (Toby Keith song)">
Who's Your Daddy? (Toby Keith song)

"Who's Your Daddy?" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released in August 2002 as the second single from Keith's "Unleashed" album. The song reached number-one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart and peaked at number 22 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
Background.
Toby said that he had wanted to write the song for a couple years but never could get the melody the way he wanted it. In 2001 he was home and discovered the perfect melody for it. Keith explained that the song is about a young woman and a sugar daddy who can’t get their love life in order.
Toby also says that "It's everything that I ever wanted to put into a song, it's got the groove, it's got the attitude, it's humorous, it's about a sugar daddy. And it's got a real funny little Elvis thing in it, like 'Viva Las Vegas'... it's got a New Orleans piano in it. You should have seen the band light up when we cut that, they didn't want to quit that groove, it was just an unbelievable groove."
Keith's producer, James Stroud, confirmed the band's enthusiasm. "That song was about 10 minutes long, we let the tape run. Of course the cut on the album is not (that long), but they just played it and played it and had a great time," said Stroud.
Music video.
The music video premiered on CMT on September 20, 2002. It features Tiffany Fallon with a cameo appearance by music parodist Cledus T. Judd who pretends Keith's mansion is his own. In the video, Keith drives a 2002 concept Ford Mighty F-350 Tonka truck.
Chart performance.
"Who's Your Daddy?" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of August 17, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20677344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677344" title="Vadim Petrov">
Vadim Petrov

Vadim Petrov (24 May 1932, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech composer of Russian descent.
Petrov is pianist and composer of classical and popular music. He stems from the family of a Russian emigrant, a family doctor, resident in Žižkov (a Prague district). At first, he attended a Russian high school in Prague discrit Pankrac, during which time he was preparing for his future piano and composition studies at the Music Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts, taking piano lessons with Berta Kabeláčová and music theory and composition lessons with Miloslav Kabeláč. At the Academy he was Jaroslav Řídký's student from 1952 to 1956. His graduation composition was the symphonic poem The Vítkov Hill (Vítkov). He worked in the Prague Municipal Education Centre where he was in charge of the Folk Entertainment department. In the 1960s he founded the People's Conservatory specialising in dance-music and jazz (now Jaroslav Ježek Conservatory and College), and became its first director. 
After 1968 Prague Spring his artistic work was banned. However, he managed to secure the position of professor at the Jan Deyl Conservatory and Secondary school for Visually Impaired. Later on he moved to the Prague Conservatory where he taught music theory and composition from 1976 to 1992. At present, he presides over the administrative board of Dilia, an international agency providing copyright protection. An awardee of the 2003 Supraphon Gold and Platinum Disc, Petrov has composed nearly 1300 works, concentrating in his production mainly on theatre, film, radio, and television music. Besides that, he is the author of traditionally conceived orchestral and chamber compositions, the so called "easy listening", choral works, songs, popular chansons, or music for prose and poetry recitation.
Vadim Petrov is also Russian aristocrat (family Repnin).

</doc>
<doc id="20677354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677354" title="December Festival Hurdle">
December Festival Hurdle

The December Festival Hurdle, currently known by its sponsored title of the Ryanair Hurdle, is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Leopardstown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are eight hurdles to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year during the Christmas Festival meeting in late December.
Prior to 2013 the race was named the Istabraq Festival Hurdle in honour of Istabraq, who won it four times. The race took its current title in 2013 when Ryanair began sponsoring the race. Former titles of the event included the paddypower.com iPhone App Hurdle, Sean P. Graham Memorial Hurdle and the Bookmakers Hurdle. The race was first run in 1986, and it has held Grade 1 status since 2002. It is often used as a trial for the Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival. Three horses have won both races in the same season – Istabraq three times, Hurricane Fly twice and Brave Inca once.

</doc>
<doc id="20677355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677355" title="Architecture Brio">
Architecture Brio

Architecture Brio is an Indian architecture firm set up in Mumbai in 2006 by Robert Verrijt (Technical University Delft, the Netherlands) and Shefali Balwani (Center for Environmental Planning and Technology, India). 
History.
Architecture BRIO is a design-based practice focusing primarily on the fields of architecture, interior and sustainable design. Their first commission was a clubhouse in a dense suburban neighborhood of Mumbai. Herafter a series of other commissions followed such as private houses, institutional and hospitality projects. The work of Architecture BRIO is characterized by a conceptual approach towards understanding and reinterpreting the specific context in which it is located. The design proposal for a Dormitory at the Magic Bus Campus received critically acclaim
Awards.
Architecture Brio has been the recipient of several prestigious awards. Robert Verrijt was awarded the second prize in the Dutch Archiprix 2004 

</doc>
<doc id="20677385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677385" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's hammer throw">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's hammer throw

The men's hammer throw event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Monday, July 30, 1928.
Sixteen hammer throwers from eleven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Results.
Qualification.
The best six throwers, both groups counted together, qualified for the final. The throwing order and the throwing series are not available.
Group 1
Group 2
Final.
The final was held on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="20677424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677424" title="PLZ-05">
PLZ-05

The PLZ-05 or the Type 05 is a 155 mm self-propelled howitzer developed by the People's Liberation Army of China to replace the Type 59-1 130mm. The PLZ-05 was officially unveiled at the Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution to mark the 80th anniversary of the PLA in July 2007, and first entered service with the PLA in 2008.
Variants.
PLZ-05 / Type 05.
Self-propelled howitzer with a 52 caliber barrel, 800 hp diesel engine & gross weight of 35 tonnes. It is deployed only with the People's Liberation Army. The PLZ-05 can fire the WS-35 shell, a guided munition with accuracy of and a max range reported to be . It is guided using Beidou Navigation Satellite System, the Chinese version of global positioning system, and inertial guidance.
PLZ-52.
The PLZ-52 is a 155mm / 52 caliber tracked self-propelled howitzer similar in appearance to the PLZ-45, but based on a slightly different hull. Having a gross vehicle weight of 43 tonnes, the PLZ-52 features a new powerpack, which consists of a diesel engine developing 1,000 hp at 2,300 rpm coupled to a fully automatic transmission. This gives a maximum road speed of up to 65 km/h and an operational range up to 450 km. The PLZ-52 howitzer has a maximum firing range of 53 km (with ERFB-BB-RA projectiles), maximum firing rate of eight rounds per minute, a burst firing rate of three rounds per fifteen seconds, and a multiple-round simultaneous impact capability of four rounds.
The driver and powerpack are at the front of the hull with a fully enclosed turret at the rear. It has torsion bar suspension with six dual rubber tyred road wheels, a drive sprocket at the front, idler at the rear and track return rollers. The PLZ-52 is offered for export.
PLZ-04.
Self-propelled howitzer with a 54 caliber barrel and apparently offered for export.
Operators.
1. Shenyang Military Region, a Total of 72.
2. Beijing Military Region, a Total of 90.
3. Nanjing Military Region, a Total of 36.
4. Guangzhou Military Region, a Total of 72.
5. Xinjiang Military Region, a Total of 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20677429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677429" title="Suckle (band)">
Suckle (band)

Suckle were an indie pop band formed in Glasgow, Scotland in the mid-1990s by former Vaselines member Frances McKee, along with her sister and co-vocalist in the group Marie McKee and another former Vaselines member James Seenan. After early releases, the line-up was completed by Elanor Taylor (keyboards, flute), Brian McEwan (guitar), his brother Kenny McEwan (drums, formerly of Long Fin Killie), and Vicky Morton (bass). The band's first release was the "Hormonal Secretions" EP in 1997, followed by "Cybilla" in 1998. They were then signed by Chemikal Underground, who issued "To Be King" in 2000, followed by their debut album, "Against Nurture", described as "bringing to mind Nick Cave's Bad Seeds fronted by the vocal duo from Stereolab". After a further EP, "The Sun Is God", the band split up. The band were also compared to Belle and Sebastian and Clannad during their time together.
While together, the band recorded two sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show, the first in 1997 and the second in 2000.
Frances McKee later recorded as a solo artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20677431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677431" title="John DuCasse Schulze">
John DuCasse Schulze

John DuCasse Schulze (23 April 1876 – 17 June 1943) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 32 films between 1921 and 1942.
He was born in Illinois and died in Hollywood, California.
Selected filmography.
Schulze was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20677456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677456" title="There Is No Arizona">
There Is No Arizona

"There Is No Arizona" is a debut song co-written and recorded by Australian country music artist Jamie O'Neal. It was released in August 2000 as the first single from O'Neal's "Shiver" album. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It was written by O'Neal, Lisa Drew and Shaye Smith.
Content.
The narrator talks about how a man he sets off to Arizona, and promises to send for the woman when he has things set up. Time goes by and she gets one postcard with no return address then nothing more. She tries to hold out hope that he'll come back or send for her but finally, as her friends keep asking her when she going, she realizes that the dream of having a better life with him in Arizona is never going to come true. She realizes that the wonderful, love-filled Paradise she had hoped for was just a lie, or, to be generous, a pipe dream, the man told her when he left her. Her vision of Arizona does not exist.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Lawrence Carroll and premiered in mid 2000.
Chart performance.
"There Is No Arizona" debuted at number 69 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the chart week of August 12, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20677478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677478" title="When I Think About Angels">
When I Think About Angels

"When I Think About Angels" is a song co-written and recorded by Australian country music artist Jamie O'Neal. It was released in March 2001 as the second single from O'Neal's "Shiver" album. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It also peaked at #35 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was written by O'Neal, Roxie Dean and Sonny Tillis.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo in which the narrator confesses that everything reminds her of her significant other.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Trey Fanjoy and premiered in mid-2001.
Chart performance.
"When I Think About Angels" debuted at number 45 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the chart week of March 31, 2001. Having peaked at number 1 on the chart dated for August 4, 2001, O'Neal became the first female country singer to send her first two singles to number 1 since Deana Carter did so in 1996-1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20677495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677495" title="Pesa">
Pesa

The Pesa is a river in Tuscany, central Italy. It has a length of 53 km, and, after crossing the provinces of Siena and Florence, flows into the Arno River near Montelupo Fiorentino.

</doc>
<doc id="20677497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677497" title="Armida (disambiguation)">
Armida (disambiguation)

Armida is a beautiful enchantress in Torquato Tasso's "Jerusalem Delivered", and the subject of several musical works and ballets derived from it. 

</doc>
<doc id="20677498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677498" title="Mlynek">
Mlynek

Mlýnek is a two-player abstract strategy board game. The game is also known as Grinder. It is unknown where the game originates from, and how old it is. Due to the simplicity of the board and rules, it may be found in many areas of the world from a long ago past. There are two board variants of the game, and they are similar in design to those of Tic-tac-toe, and the Three Men's Morris family of games which includes Tapatan, Nine Holes, and Achi. These boards are 3x3 square grids. However, the goal in Mlýnek is not to form a 3 in-a-row, but rather to block one's opponent's pieces. Mlýnek therefore is a game of the blockade family which include Mu Torere, Pong Hau K'i, Umul Gonu, and Pat Gonu. 
Goal.
The player who blocks their opponent's pieces from moving is the winner.
Equipment.
There are two board variations. Both are 3x3 square grids. One variant is simpler than the other with only orthogonal lines connecting the adjacent intersection points of the board. The other variant has a left and right diagonal lines that connect the opposite corners of the board. 
Each player has three pieces. One player plays the black pieces, and the other player plays the white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide which colored pieces to play, and who will start first.
2. The first stage of the game is the Drop phase whereby players take turn dropping one piece onto any vacant point on the board. 
3. When all pieces have been dropped, players then take turn moving (in any direction) one piece along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent point on the board.

</doc>
<doc id="20677500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677500" title="1993 Canadian Open (tennis)">
1993 Canadian Open (tennis)

The 1993 Canadian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 104th edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1993 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1993 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from July 26 through August 1, 1993, and the women's event at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada, from August 16 through August 22, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20677508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677508" title="Inns on the National Road">
Inns on the National Road

The Inns on the National Road is a national historic district near Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It originally consisted of 11 Maryland inns on the National Road and located in Allegany and Garrett counties. Those that remain stand as the physical remains of the almost-legendary hospitality offered on this well-traveled route to the west.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20677509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677509" title="Samuel B. Chipman">
Samuel B. Chipman

Samuel Bishop Chipman (August 2, 1803 – August 22, 1855) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1840 to 1843 as a Reformer.
He was the son of Major Chipman, the son of Handley Chipman, and Elizabeth Bishop. He was the owner of a country store in Lawrencetown. He married Levicia Marshall. Chipman was defeated by James William Johnston when he ran for reelection in 1843. He served as postmaster at Lawerencetown and was also a commissioner of the peace.

</doc>
<doc id="20677522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677522" title="Okhotsk atka mackerel">
Okhotsk atka mackerel

The Okhotsk atka mackerel, "Pleurogrammus azonus", commonly known as hokke in Japan, also known as the Arabesque greenling, is a mackerel-like species in the family Hexagrammidae. The primary population of the fish is found off of the Sea of Okhotsk. According to legend, it was discovered by Nichiji.
Taxonomy.
"P. azonus" is occasionally considered synonymous with the Atka mackerel, "P. monopterygius" (Nelson 1994). However, it is probably a separate species. This fish was also documented as "Stellistius katsukii" but the older name "Pleurogrammus azonus" takes precedent.
As food.
The Okhotsk atka mackerel is an important fish in Japanese cuisine. Known as "hokke" in Japanese, the fish can be fresh, dried, or frozen, and can be served raw, boiled, grilled or fried.

</doc>
<doc id="20677538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677538" title="What I Really Meant to Say">
What I Really Meant to Say

"What I Really Meant to Say" is a debut song written by Cyndi Thomson, Tommy Lee James and Chris Waters. It was released in March 2001 as Thomson's debut single, as well as the lead-off single from her debut album "My World". The song reached the top of the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, giving Thomson her only Number One single on that chart. It also made her the third country music artist that year to reach Number One with a debut single.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo mostly accompanied by acoustic guitar and mandolin, with cello and penny whistle runs. The narrator is a female who runs into a former lover, and he asks her how she is. She tells him that she is "just fine", and then tells him that she really meant to say that she was still in love with him.
In the second verse, the male lover walks away from the female, and she is hurt. She tries to fight back tears, as she watches her lover.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Brent Hedgecock and premiered in early 2001.
Reception.
Thom Jurek of Allmusic gave the song a favorable review. He stated that "the single is clearly meant to put the album in hands and minds of country music radio station programmers.
Chart performance.
"What I Really Meant to Say" debuted at number 53 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of March 31, 2001. This song also was part of the Billboard's top 100 country songs of the 2000s, coming in at number 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20677554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677554" title="Arcille">
Arcille

Arcille is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Campagnatico, province of Grosseto. At the time of the 2001 census its population amounted to 100.
Arcille is about 14 km from Grosseto and 12 km from Campagnatico, and it is situated close to the Ombrone river.

</doc>
<doc id="20677556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677556" title="Springbrook, Queensland">
Springbrook, Queensland

Springbrook is a mountain and plateau in the Gold Coast hinterland of South East Queensland. The highest point, known as Springbrook Mountain is high. The area offers excellent views to the Gold Coast and is known for its cliffs, waterfalls and forest walks, most of which are protected in the Springbrook National Park.
Road access to this eastern Scenic Rim mountain is via Mudgeeraba. To the south of Springbrook is the Tweed Range, west is the Numinbah Valley and the Lamington Plateau. Both the Nimmel Range and Tamborine Mountain are to the north.
Springbrook was the site for a trial that involved 200 distributed, wireless sensors that can monitor natural conditions such as humidity, temperature, light, rainfall, fog, water quality and sound. The cutting edge technology was developed by the CSIRO to assist research into the restoration of natural vegetation.
Plateau.
Springbrook Plateau is the remains of the Tweed Volcano—now known as Mount Warning. The plateau is an undulating elevated patch that extends north from the southern, forested heights, close to Mount Cougal, just to the east. These subtropical rainforests are part of the Gondwana Rainforests of Australia and contain the rare Antarctic beech trees.
Notable lookouts on the plateau include Best of All Lookout, overlooking the Tweed Valley directly south of Springbrook, as well as Canyon, Goomoolahra and Purlingbrook lookouts. Springbrook features the Purlingbrook Falls, which is a major tourist attraction as well as Goomoolahra Falls. 
The plateau is highly visible on the western horizon from the Gold Coast coastal strip. Springbrook Plateau is in the water catchment area for Tallebudgera Creek and the larger Nerang River dammed by the Hinze Dam, a significant part of the region's water supply infrastructure.
Climate.
Due to its close proximity to the coast, the high elevations and subtropical latitude, Springbrook has a wet climate with mild temperatures. During a remarkable rainy period, Springbrook received in the month of June 1967, while in January 2013, of rain fell over a period of just 4 days, due to the remnants of Tropical Cyclone Oswald.
History.
In 1906, settlers arrived from northern New South Wales. They found farming difficult and instead cleared for the land for timber. By the 1930s Springbrook was almost completely cleared of trees. In 1911 a school opened and by 1947 a community hall had been built. Tourism has been the major industry since the 1920s, with many guesthouses opening during this period.
Springwood was the first name chosen for the locality, however it was changed to Springbrook to avoid confusion with mail deliveries to another Springwood located in the Blue Mountains.
Heritage listings.
Springbrook has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20677589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677589" title="Italian record progression 400 metres freestyle">
Italian record progression 400 metres freestyle


</doc>
<doc id="20677594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677594" title="Don't Happen Twice">
Don't Happen Twice

"Don't Happen Twice" is the title of a song written by Curtis Lance and Thom McHugh, and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in January 2001 as the second single from Chesney's "Greatest Hits" album . The song reached number-one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
Content.
The song tells of a man meeting his first love, with her asking if he remembered her. He then tells her about all the times they spent together and how he could never forget them.
Music video.
The music video was co-directed by Glen Rose and Kenny Chesney. It premiered in early January 2001. Tim McGraw makes a cameo appearance.
Chart performance.
"Don't Happen Twice" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the chart week of January 20, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20677616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677616" title="András Horváth (teacher)">
András Horváth (teacher)

András Horváth (born circa 1744; died after 1789) was a Croatian teacher who worked in the Vendvidék in Felsőszölnök, near Szentgotthárd.
Horváth was born in Burgenland, in Unterpullendorf (Frankenau-Unterpullendorf). In 1774 he worked in Felsőszölnök. In 1780, he wrote a Catholic prekmurian hymn-book.
After 1789 he lived in Szölnök. The next teacher Ruzsics as well wrote a hymn-book.

</doc>
<doc id="20677626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677626" title="Under the 6">
Under the 6

Under The 6 is a 1993 album by the band Slave Master. The album was released by the Polystar label in Japan and then by Rykodisc the U.S. and UK the next year. Slave Master is fronted by Islam Shabazz and Bill McKinney and was brought together by producer Bill Laswell. "Under The 6" was part of the Black Arc Series, launched by Laswell in 1992.
Tracks.
All songs were written by Islam Shabazz and Bill McKinney, except where noted**.
Black Arc Series.
Launched in 1992, the Black Arc Series is a collection of albums produced by Bill Laswell and distributed by various record labels in the U.S., Japan, and the UK. Those albums include:

</doc>
<doc id="20677627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677627" title="China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit">
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit

The China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit is an annual summit held between the People's Republic of China, Japan and South Korea. The first was held during December 2008 in Fukuoka, Japan. The talks are focused on maintaining strong international relations, the global economy and disaster relief.
The summits were first proposed by South Korea in 2004, as a meeting outside of the framework of the ASEAN(+3), with the three major economies of East Asia having a separate community forum. In November 2007 during the ASEAN(+3) meeting, the leaders of China, Japan and Korea held their eighth meeting, and decided to strengthen political dialogue and consultations between the three countries, eventually deciding on an ad hoc meeting to be held in 2008.
In September 2011, the three countries launched a Trilateral Cooperation Secretariat in Seoul. South Korea's Shin Bong-kil, a former ambassador for international economic cooperation, was appointed the first rotating headship as secretary-general, with Mao Ning from China and Rui Matsukawa from Japan as his deputies. They will each serve a two-year term.
2008 summit.
The first separate meeting of the leaders of the three countries was held in Fukuoka, Japan. During the meeting, the "Joint Statement between the three partners" was signed and issued, which identified the direction and principles behind cooperation between China, Japan and South Korea. The conference adopted the "International Financial and Economic Issues Joint Statement", "Disaster Management of the Three Countries Joint Statement" and "Action plan to promote cooperation between China, Japan and South Korea".
Trilateral relations.
One of the topics discussed focused in the improvement of future relations between the three countries, from strategic and long-term perspectives. Prior talks between the three countries have been hindered specifically by various territorial and historical disputes. Chinese premier Wen Jiabao stated that "China is willing to make joint efforts with Japan to continue to develop the strategic and mutually beneficial ties in a healthy and stable manner, to benefit the peoples of the two countries and other nations in the region as well." Japanese prime minister Taro Aso also expressed that he believed the best manner in dealing with the economic crisis of 2008 was economic partnership. There is also speculation of a future regional free-trade agreement. Such co-operation would greatly benefit the three nations, which account for two thirds of total trade, 40% of total population and three quarters of the GDP of Asia (20% of global GDP ), during the ongoing economic crisis.
2009 summit.
The second summit was held in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Despite the worries of limitations that the summit has faced in 2008, this all changed in 2009, when Japan, China and Korea were forced to coordinate and cooperate more closely to manage the regional effects of the global financial crisis.
In their joint statement on the crisis, the trio identified the need to cooperate on global issues (such as financial risk) and in global institutions, including at the G20. While a reaction to global events, this cooperation began to significantly affect the management of East Asia. Over the course of 2009, the three nations resolved their long running dispute over contributions (and thus voting weight) in the Chiang Mai Initiatives, the first major ‘success’ of the ASEAN Plus Three process. The three nations also worked together to push through a general capital increase at the Asian Development Bank to help it fight the effects of the global financial crisis, a decision mandated by the G20 but about which the US appeared ambivalent.
2011 summit.
Because the previous three summit meetings covered a wide range of world issues, they did not produce any concrete outcome. There was no agreement on North Korea’s nuclear development or on the March and September 2010 incidents involving North Korea. Moreover, although the leaders of the three countries had agreed to set up a permanent secretariat headquartered in Seoul to facilitate trilateral cooperation, it has still not been implemented. The three leaders had also agreed to strengthen mutual understanding and trust, expand cooperation in trade, investment, finance, and environmental protection. Not much progress has been achieved in these areas as well over the past one year.
The fourth meeting was held in the wake of the nuclear accident at Fukushima and the natural disaster in Japan. Prime Minister Kan Naoto proposed to hold the summit in Fukushima to convey the message to the world that Fukushima has already become a safe place. The Japanese government hoped that if the heads of the three countries gather in the crisis-stricken city, radiation fears will be mitigated. However, due to logistic problems, the meeting could not be held in Fukushima and instead was held in Tokyo.
While Japan was accused of not providing its neighbours with accurate information when radioactive materials leaked at Fukushima, the summit led to agreement to establish an emergency notification system, enhance cooperation among experts, and share information in the event of emergencies.
2012 summit.
May 14, 2012, Leaders from China, Japan, and South Korea concluded the Fifth Trilateral Summit Meeting and signed the Trilateral Agreement for the Promotion, Facilitation and Protection of Investment (hereinafter referred as the Trilateral Agreement) at a summit in Beijing. The Trilateral Agreement represents a stepping stone towards a three-way free trade pact to counter global economic turbulence and to boost economic growth in Asia.
According to a joint declaration, the three nations will further enhance the “future-oriented comprehensive cooperative partnership” to unleash vitality into the economic growth of the three countries, accelerate economic integration in East Asia, and facilitate economic recovery and growth in the world.
In the joint declaration, the three nations list directions and prioritization of future cooperation, which includes enhancing mutual political trust, deepening economic and trade cooperation, promoting sustainable development, expanding social, people-to-people and cultural exchanges, and strengthening communication and coordination in regional and international affairs.
Among all these proposals, the signing of the Trilateral Agreement and the decision to endorse the recommendation from the trade ministers to launch the trilateral FTA negotiations within this year are at the top of the priority list in deepening economic and trade cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="20677633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677633" title="Landås">
Landås

Landås is a neighbourhood in the city of Bergen, Norway. Landås is located by the western side of the Ulriken mountain massif, from south-east of Haukeland University Hospital to Nattland almost 3 km further south. It was the last part of former Årstad municipality to be urbanised, the development of Landås taking place mainly after World War II. The Faculty of Education of Bergen University College is located in Landås. The Grieg Academy is the original name of the music department at this campus of Bergen University College, however the music school with a very similar name - "Grieg Academy-Institute" - is affiliated with the University of Bergen and located in downtown Bergen.
Landås was a separate administrative borough until 2000, when it was merged with the northern part of Løvstakken borough forming Årstad borough. In 1994, Landås borough had a population of 20,252 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20677652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677652" title="Jōkyō Uprising">
Jōkyō Uprising

The , or the Kasuke Uprising, was a large-scale peasant uprising that happened in 1686 (in the third year of the Jōkyō era during the Edo period) in Azumidaira, Japan. Azumidaira at that time, was a part of the Matsumoto Domain under the control of the Tokugawa shogunate. The domain was ruled by the Mizuno clan at the time. Numerous incidents of peasant uprising have been recorded in the Edo period, and in many cases the leaders of the uprisings were executed afterward. Those executed leaders have ben admired as "Gimin", and arguably the most famous "Gimin" is Sakura Sōgorō. ("Gimin" means martyr, in the non-religious sense.) But the Jōkyō Uprising was unique in that not only the leaders of the uprising, but also a sixteen-year-old girl who had helped her father, "the deputy ringleader", were caught and executed. On top of that, the leaders of the uprising clearly recognized what was at stake. They realized that the real issue was human rights abuse. Because the newly raised tax level was equivalent to a 70% tax rate; an impossible rate. Amazingly though, the Mizunos compiled Shimpu-tōki, an official record of the Matsumoto Domain about forty years after the uprising. This "Shimpu-tōki" is the major and credible source of information concerning the uprising.
Background.
For several years there had been crop failure caused by severe winters. Azumidaira farmers had suffered from this and many people had starved to death. Poverty was rampant. Under the circumstances some households had to sell their daughters to brothels, and others had to kill newborn babies. Some village heads like Tada Kasuke and Oana Zembei tried to relieve the farmers' suffering by giving away rice from their own storehouses. But their acts of righteousness were met with a harsh reprimand from officials in Matsumoto. Tada Kasuke was fired as the headman of Nakagaya village, and Oana Zembei was fired as the headman of Niré village. Then in the fall of 1686, the domain government raised taxes to an exorbitant level. (The domain lord who was away from home at the time was obviously not informed of the tax rise.) The reason for this tax rise was that the domain government needed more money. The domain lord of Matsumoto was a "fudai daimyo", who was obligated to perform many duties, and therefore had to spend a lot of money. The domain lords of neighboring Takatō and Takashima were not under such pressure to perform such duties, even though they used to be a part of the Matsumoto Domain. They collected lower taxes from their people. When Azumidaira farmers were notified of the tax rise, the atmosphere among tax collectors and peasants became tense, for their neighbors didn't have to pay the same amount of taxes.
The Event.
Secret Meetings.
In October 1686, Tada Kasuke summoned a dozen trustworthy farmers to a secret meeting held at a local Kumano Shrine. The sacred place was an appropriate venue for discussing the issue of peasants' survival. After a series of such meetings, Tada Kasuke and his followers came to the conclusion that appealing to the magistrate’s office in Matsumoto was inevitable. They decided to do so even though they knew that to appeal was forbidden. Married men divorced their wives and sent them back to their parents’ homes. They then prepared a letter of appeal of five articles. In the letter they humbly asked for a tax reduction.
The five points of the letter of appeal were :
1. Rendering rice tax after processing is too much of a burden.
2. We ask for a reduction of rice tax to the level of those of two neighboring domains.
3. Concerning the part of rice tax collected in the form of soy-beans, half of which is collected in cash; We ask that the tax money be calculated based on the price of rice, not on the price of soy-beans.
4. Concerning the obligation of transportation of rice, we ask that the obligation be reduced to transporting it only as far as the domain limits.
5. Concerning the personnel cost of local and Edo offices, which we are obligated to shoulder, we ask that the obligation be cancelled.
Appealed to the Magistrate's Office.
Early on the morning of October 14, Tada Kasuke and Oana Zembei, along with their followers, went to the magistrate’s office outside Matsumoto Castle, and handed in the letter of appeal. What they had not expected was that a huge crowd of farmers would gather and intimidate the officials. Kasuke and his followers had started this out as a peaceful mission. (There is a scholar who refutes this generally accepted notion. He claims that the leaders had intended to mobilize people from the outset. But in the process of dramatizing the story of the executed farmers who would later be revered as "Gimin", their initial intention was changed into a more peaceful one.) But when word spread that they were appealing, thousands of peasants flocked to the castle, some of whom stormed shops and the castle gate. The domain lord, Mizuno Tadanao, was away in Edo for "sankin kōtai" (alternate-year attendance) at the time, so the executives had to deal with the situation themselves. Their biggest concern was how much this incident would negatively affect the position of the Matsumoto Domain. Thousands of farmers were camping out in the cold outside the castle. On the night of October 16, the domain government issued a response paper signed by two magistrates. When the news of the response paper spread, the majority of peasants who had gathered around Matsumoto Castle went home. But Kasuke and his followers were not satisfied with the response. They lingered behind. They were so determined to get a satisfactory answer that they stayed two more nights outside the castle. At last five executives signed the second response paper responding favorably to the farmers' appeal. The documents granted the farmers’ wishes to decrease the tax. Kasuke went home along with his followers. On October 18, the incident was settled peacefully.
Evasive Tactic.
But it turned out that the response documents signed by the executives were a tactic used to settle the rebellion. (Under the strict Tokugawa administration, domain government's failure to control an uprising meant dethronement for the domain lord. The executives of the Matsumoto Domain who were in charge of the incident needed to suppress it by all means.) A month later, Kasuke and other leaders of the uprising were arrested. The response documents were confiscated. Kasuke and his followers along with the male members of their families were executed without trial.　(Kasuke's twelve-year-old first-born son, ten-year-old second-born son, and a mere five-year-old son of one of Kasuke's followers were executed, though they did not take part in the uprising.) Oana Zembei's daughter, Oshyun was responsible for delivering invitations to secret meetings at the Kumano Shrine. She was also executed (since females were not supposed to be executed for such a crime in feudal times, her name was changed to a boy's name in the official record, "Shimpu-tōki"). Twenty-eight farmers were executed in all. The executions took place on November 22　(Jan.5, 1687 according to the solar calendar) at two separate locations. One execution site was at Seitaka　(a　temporary site) and the other was at Idegawa. Seventeen farmers from the north of the castle were taken to Seitaka. Kasuke, Zembei, and Oshyun were among them. Eleven farmers from the south of the castle were taken to Idegawa. (In addition to the November executions, the new-born baby boy that Oana Zembei's widow, Osato, gave birth to a few months later was sentenced to death. But the baby died of an unexplained illness within a few weeks after birth.) Kasuke is said to have shouted out for lowered taxes when he was tied to the execution pole. Matsumoto Castle had been built with a structural defect which caused it to lean. (
The rumour is that it was due to Tada Kasuke's passionate outcry. But in fact, the rumor started in the Meiji period when the castle tower actually started to lean to one side.)
Influence on "Jiyū-Minken Undo".
The uprising has been perceived as a struggle for the right to life, and thought to be a forerunner for the "Jiyū Minken Undo" (Freedom and People's Rights Movement in the Meiji period). This movement swept across the nation in the 1870s and 1880s. The bicentennial anniversary of the Jōkyō Uprising was observed in an atmosphere of excitement over the movement. Matsuzawa Kyūsaku, a newspaper journalist from Azumidaira, wrote a play based on the uprising, giving it a title "Minken Kagami Kasuke no Omokage" (The Image of Kasuke, a Model of the People's Rights Movement). Incidentally, Matsuzawa died in prison exactly 200 years after Kasuke and others had been executed.
"Gimin-zuka" (the burial mound).
In 1950, at a construction site near Seitaka shrine in Matsumoto City, a human body was found. In the next few weeks, additional bodies were found. The number of the unearthed bodies came to eighteen. Seventeen bodies were clustered, and one was found apart from the rest. Four of the seventeen bodies were headless, which coincides with the story handed down by tradition. And one of the seventeen clustered bodies had a larger pelvis and slender bones. Taking these into consideration, historical and medical researchers of the time concluded that it was highly possible that the seventeen clustered bodies were those of the executed farmers of the Jōkyō Uprising. (The one with a larger pelvis must be Oshyun's body. Oana Zembei's body was also easily identified by its long bones, because he had been known for being tall.) In 1952, the bodies were buried in a mound, and the mound has been called "Gimin-zuka". Every year on the anniversary day of the executions of the "Gimin", a memorial service is held in front of the mound.
Then questions arise as to the whereabouts of the bodies of the farmers who had been executed at Idegawa execution site. It is widely believed that the eleven bodies have been washed away by river water, for the execution site was on the bank of the Tagawa river. When "Gimin-zuka" was built, some soil from the former Idegawa execution site was used in the construction.
The Joukyou Gimin Memorial Museum.
After the 300th anniversary of the uprising, Azumino people founded in 1992 a memorial museum in honor of the uprising. The museum, Joukyou Gimin Memorial Museum, has a plaque with the inscription of the first article of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and another plaque with the inscription of the 11th and 12th articles of the Constitution of Japan, in both English and Japanese. They stand on each side of the main entrance to the building. The museum is located right across the street from the former Tada family homestead　(designated as a cultural asset of Nagano Prefecture in 1960).
List of references.
Matsumoto Domain (ed), "Shimpu-tōki" (The official record compiled by the Matsumoto Domain), 1724
TOBA Tōru, "Chūō-sen" (The Chūō Line),　self-published, c.1983
TSUKADA Masakimi, "Gimin Shiro ni Sakebu" ("Gimin" Shouts at the Castle), Shinkyō Shuppan-bu, 1986
KODAMA Kōta (ed), "Nihonshi-Nempyō・Chizu" (The Japanese Chronological Table & Maps), Yoshikawa Kōbunkan, 1995 ISBN 978-4-642-09504-4 
HOSAKA Satoru, "Hyakushō Ikki to Sono Sahō" (Farmers' Uprising and Its Manners), Yoshikawa Kōbunkan, 2002 ISBN 978-4-642-05537-6 
TANAKA Kaoru, "Jōkyō Gimin Ikki no Jitsuzō" (The Real Image of the Jōkyō Gimin Uprising), Shinmai Shoseki Shuppan Center, 2002 ISBN 4-88411-005-6
SATŌ Makoto et al. (ed), "Nihonshi Kenkyū" (Japanese History Study), Yamakawa Shuppan-sha, 2008 ISBN 978-4-634-01101-4

</doc>
<doc id="20677679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677679" title="Bianca Minola">
Bianca Minola

Bianca Minola is a character in Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew" (c.1590-1594). She is the younger daughter of Baptista Minola and the sister of Kate, the "shrew" of the title. The lovely Bianca has several admirers in the play, but Baptista has refused to allow her to marry until his shrewish daughter Kate has found a husband. When Kate marries, Bianca is united with her lover, Lucentio. Theatrically, Bianca is the "ingenue" in "Shrew" and the female lead in the play's subplot. 
Origin.
The basic elements of the play are present in Don Juan Manuel's 14th-century Castilian tale of the "young man who married a very strong and fiery woman". The play's subplot, involving the characters Bianca and Lucentio, derives from Ludovico Ariosto's "I Suppositi", either directly or through George Gascoigne's English version "Supposes" (performed 1566, printed 1573).
Role in the play.
Bianca Minola is the younger daughter of Baptista Minola and sister to Katerina (Kate) Minola. Unlike Kate, Bianca is very obedient and sweet-tempered, causing her to have a good number of suitors. Her father however declares that none may marry Bianca until Kate is wed. Desperate to win Bianca's hand in marriage, one of her suitors Hortensio gets his friend Petruchio, who is willing enough, to marry Kate so that Bianca would be allowed to marry. Hortensio then attempts to woo her in the disguise of a tutor named Litio. Bianca however falls in love with another suitor, Lucentio (also in the guise of a tutor 'Cambio'). The pair are married and at the wedding feast, Petruchio suggests a contest between himself, Lucentio, and Hortensio: They each send for their wives and the wife that responds is the most obedient. Despite Lucentio's faith in her obedience, Bianca does not come when summoned, saying that she is too busy. When she is forcefully brought to Lucentio by Kate, Bianca insists that her husband was a fool to set store by her obedience.
Throughout the play, there is evidence of sibling rivalry between Bianca and Kate as Kate accuses Bianca as being their father's "treasure" and the one that he wishes to have married first. In one scene, Kate ties Bianca's hands and whips her, in an attempt to discover which of her suitors Bianca likes the best (Bianca however insists that she has yet to meet a suitor that she truly loves).
Performances.
Linda Arvidson plays Bianca in the first screen version of the play directed by D.W. Griffith (1908). Dorothy Jordan plays Bianca in the first "talkie" film version of the play with Mary Pickford as Kate and Douglas Fairbanks as Petruchio. Natasha Pyne renders the role in the 1967 film starring Elizabeth Taylor as Kate and her then-husband Richard Burton as Petruchio. Susan Penhaligon appears as Bianca in the 1980 BBC television production directed by Jonathan Miller. Laura Boccanera plays Bianca in the most recent film version of the play, "Kate - La bisbetica domata" (2004) which was billed as the first-ever stop-animation movie made in Italy.
In the modern movie version "10 Things I Hate About You", Bianca is played by Larisa Oleynik. In the ABC Family television series "10 Things I Hate About You", Bianca is played by Meaghan Jette Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="20677685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677685" title="Puputan">
Puputan

Puputan is a Balinese term that refers to a mass ritual suicide in preference to facing the humiliation of surrender. Notable puputans occurred in 1906 and 1908 when the Balinese were being subjugated by the Dutch.
1906 Badung puputan.
On September 14, 1906, an overwhelming Dutch force landed at Sanur beach; there was no significant resistance and the force marched to Denpasar, Bali, as if in a dress parade. They passed through a seemingly deserted town and approached the royal palace, noting smoke rising from the "puri" and, most disquietingly, they heard a wild beating of drums coming from within the palace walls.
Upon reaching the palace, a silent procession emerged, led by the "Raja", borne by four bearers on a palanquin. The Raja was dressed in traditional white cremation garments, wore magnificent jewelry, and was armed with a ceremonial kris. The other people in the procession consisted of the Raja's officials, guards, priests, wives, children and retainers, all of whom were similarly attired.
When the procession was a hundred paces from the Dutch force, they halted and the Raja stepped down from the palanquin and signaled a priest who plunged his dagger into the Raja's breast. The rest of the procession began killing themselves and others.
A "stray gunshot" and an "attack by lance and spear" prompted the Dutch to open fire with rifles and artillery. Women mockingly threw jewelry and gold coins at the troops. As more people emerged from the palace, the mounds of corpses rose higher and higher. Approximately 1,000 Balinese died.
The soldiers stripped the corpses of the valuables and sacked the ruins of the burned palace.
1908 Klungkung puputan.
Another "puputan" occurred on the 18th of April, 1908, at Klungkung Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="20677712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677712" title="James B. Holdsworth">
James B. Holdsworth

James Bourne Holdsworth (ca 1796 – March 24, 1859) was a merchant, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the township of Digby from 1836 to 1843 and Digby County from 1840 to 1843 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Reformer.
He was the son of John Holdsworth, a United Empire Loyalist, and Mehitable Bourne. Holdsworh served as commissioner of the peace and became custos rotulorum in 1848. He died in Digby at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="20677727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677727" title="Sergei Tumansky">
Sergei Tumansky

Sergei Konstantinovich Tumansky () (21 May 1901 – 9 September 1973) was a designer of Soviet aircraft engines and the chief designer in the Tumansky Design Bureau, OKB-300. He worked in TSIAM (1931–38 and in 1940), at the aircraft-engine plant N 29, in Leah.
He also worked as a substitute main designer in OKB A.A. of mil'kumova beginning in 1943.
Biography.
Sergei Tumansky was born in Minsk, the Russian Empire, on May 21, 1901 and died, at age 73, in Moscow, the Soviet Union, on September 9, 1973.
Tumansky was a specialist in the field of mechanics and machine building. He was a corresponding member of the Soviet Academy of Sciences for the department of mechanics and control processes from 26 June 1964, and then academician for the department of mechanics and control processes (machine building) from 26 November 1968. He was awarded different distinctions, among them Lenin Prize, Lenin Order and Hero of Socialist Labour.
Contributions.
Some of the Engines he worked on and/or designed include:

</doc>
<doc id="20677738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677738" title="Andrew Jolivette">
Andrew Jolivette

Andrew Jolivétte is an American author and lecturer who is employed at San Francisco State University as an associate professor in American Indian Studies and an instructor in Ethnic Studies, Educational Leadership, and Race and Resistance Studies. 
Jolivétte is the author of three books: "Cultural Representation in Native America" (part of the "Contemporary Native American Communities Series" published by AltaMira Press), "Louisiana Creoles: Cultural Recovery and Mixed Race Native American Identity" and "Obama and the Biracial Factor: The Battle for a New American Majority". Jolivétte's writing has been featured in "Ethnic Studies Review Journal" and in several anthologies. He serves as president of the board of two organizations, Speak Out (part of the Institute for Democratic Education and Culture) and iPride. Jolivétte is a Creole whose cultural heritage includes Opelousa, Choctaw, Atakapa-Ishak, Cherokee, French, African and Spanish. 

</doc>
<doc id="20677756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677756" title="Regis Ghezelbash">
Regis Ghezelbash

Regis Ghezelbash (born in Tehran in 1951) is a Paris-based documentary creator, a feature film animator and live action director and producer. He is a graduate of University of Grenoble, and its school of Audio Visual Communication Science.
In 2002, he received the order of "Chevalier des Arts et Lettres" from the French government for his cultural contributions.
He has been the key-person in initiating cultural bridges and cooperations between France, Eurasia and the Asia-Pacific cultures through cinematographic initiatives such as the French-Kazak movie Ulzhan and French-Korean movie “Filmaker”.

</doc>
<doc id="20677780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677780" title="Pacific Koel">
Pacific Koel

The Pacific Koel ("Eudynamys orientalis"), also known as the Eastern Koel, is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. In Australia, it is colloquially known as the Rainbird or Stormbird, as its call is usually more prevalent before or during stormy weather.
Taxonomy.
It has often been considered conspecific with the Asian and Black-billed Koels, but they are increasingly treated as a separate species. Alternatively, the population breeding in Australia has been considered a separate species, the Australian Koel ("Eudynamys cyanocephalus"), with the remaining taxa then considered subspecies of the Asian Koel. 
Distribution and habitat.
The Pacific Koel is found in forest, woodland, plantations and gardens from Wallacea east to the Solomon Islands and south to northern and eastern Australia. The Pacific Koel has not been rated by IUCN, but the Australian Koel (here included in the Pacific Koel) is considered to be of Least Concern.
Behaviour.
The Pacific Koel is a brood parasite. In Australia, their hosts are mainly large honeyeaters (especially Noisy Friarbirds and Red Wattlebirds). Unlike in other parasitic cuckoos, the young do not attempt to kill the host chicks. This trait is shared with the Channel-billed Cuckoo, which – as in the Pacific Koel – are largely frugivorous as adults. A study of vocalization noted that the duetting behaviour may indicate the possibility of short-term pair-bonding in its otherwise polygynous mating system. 

</doc>
<doc id="20677782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677782" title="Pieve">
Pieve

In the Middle Ages, a pieve was a rural church with a baptistery, upon which other churches without baptisteries depended. 
The Italian word "pieve" is descended from Latin "plebs" which, after the expansion of Christianity in Italy, was applied to the community of baptized people. Most "pievi" appeared in the 5th century, as Christianity expanded in the rural areas outside the main cities; in the 9th-10th centuries they also added bell towers.

</doc>
<doc id="20677796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677796" title="Death of a Salesman (2000 film)">
Death of a Salesman (2000 film)

Death of a Salesman is a 2000 television film directed by Kirk Browning, based on the 1949 play of the same name by Arthur Miller. The film stars American actor Brian Dennehy (who won a Golden Globe Award at the 58th Golden Globe Awards for his performance) as Willy Loman (the Salesman). The film earned two nominations at both the 7th Screen Actors Guild Awards in 2001 and the 52nd Primetime Emmy Awards in 2000.
Awards and Nominations.
'" Directors Guild of America:
"' Emmy Awards:
'" Golden Globe Awards:
"' Producers Guild of America:

</doc>
<doc id="20677805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677805" title="Brothers Lewandowski">
Brothers Lewandowski

Brothers Lewandowski (Bruno, Max and David), were merchants to the royal Bavarian court for lingerie, with branches in Berlin, Amsterdam and Munich. The address book of Munich in 1917 from the Munich historical library lists them as court merchants ("Hoflieferant") of Her Majesty Queen Maria Therese of Bavaria, Princess Adalbert of Bavaria, Princess Ludwig Ferdinand and of Infanta Eulalia of Spain. The business did not have the same status of that for a royal merchant of the king, due to the nature of lingerie, being a female clothing item.
The business, later owned by Gerhard and Alfred Lewandowski (now buried in Munich), was taken over by the Nazis due to the Jewish background of the Lewandowskis. One small shop still remains to this day on Sendlingerstr. 62 in Munich, however it is not owned by any family member, nor does it produce the original Lewandowski lingerie. Currently, investigations are being made regarding a Josef Albers picture in the Guggenheim Museum, which depicts a Mrs Lewandowski from Munich, 1930, and is believed to be the wife of one of the brothers. During the Hitler years, Max Lewandowski fled to Chile, Gerhard fled to and hid near Apeldoorn, the Netherlands, and Alfred, in spite of his Jewish family background, managed to pass as German and joined Rommel's troops.
Genealogy.
The brothers current known direct descendants in Germany are Eduard Lewandowski, Gerda Cavallini (b. Lewandowski), Corrie Zylbersztajn (b. Lewandowski) and Louise Zierer (b. Lewandowski), all children of Gerhard Lewandowski.

</doc>
<doc id="20677824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677824" title="Hatton's Grace Hurdle">
Hatton's Grace Hurdle

The Hatton's Grace Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Fairyhouse over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (4,023 metres), and during its running there are eleven hurdles to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year in late November or early December.
The event is named after Hatton's Grace, a three-time winner of the Champion Hurdle trained by Vincent O'Brien. It was established in 1994, and it has held Grade 1 status throughout its history. It is usually staged on the same afternoon as two other top-grade races – the Royal Bond Novice Hurdle and the Drinmore Novice Chase.
Records.
Most successful horse (3 wins):
Leading jockey (3 wins):
Leading trainer (6 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20677827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677827" title="Old Government House">
Old Government House

Old Government House may refer to:
in Australia:
in Canada:
in New Zealand:
in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20677829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677829" title="Anaesthesia Trauma and Critical Care">
Anaesthesia Trauma and Critical Care

Anaesthesia, Trauma and Critical Care (ATACC) is an international trauma organisation.
It is a non-profit charitable organisation whose objective is to deliver the most up-to-date teachings in trauma management and patient care. The organisation's primary activities are teaching medical practitioners and other emergency services personnel in the management of trauma and pre-hospital care. In addition to its educational resources, the organisation also has a highly skilled and multi-disciplinary ATACC Medical Rescue Team (ATACC MRT), composed of practitioners from all specialities. It operates and is available for the purposes of trauma care management in the pre-hospital care environment throughout the United Kingdom on an entirely voluntary basis. There is also an ATACC Disaster Response Team (ATACC DRT) available on standby for deployment an international basis to operate throughout international disasters. The ATACC DRT, affiliated with the United Nations, has responded to many international disasters and has been involved in many international disaster response training exercises.
The aims and ethos of the ATACC organisation are to develop, educate and perform the Gold Standard of trauma and pre-hospital clinical care.
ATACC courses.
Anaesthesia, Trauma and Critical Care (ATACC) Course is an international trauma course based in the United Kingdom. Accredited by two Royal Colleges and various UK emergency medical services, it teaches trauma care and trauma patient management post Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) certification. Courses run at numerous times throughout the year for candidates drawn from all areas of medicine and trauma care.
The ATACC Faculty consists of clinicians from each medical speciality and senior members of the various emergency services. For this reason, the ATACC course is a multi-disciplinary course especially suited for all specialties and is ideal for those working within trauma, surgery, anaesthesia, emergency medicine, critical care, radiology and pre-hospital medicine. It is also appropriate for any individual in a profession allied to medicine who may encounter trauma patients as part of their daily duties (whether they be Nurses, Operating Department Practitioners , Physician Assistants or members of the emergency services) such as Paramedics, Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs).
The courses teach trauma management as a continuum, from the roadside through to critical care and, as such, include both pre-hospital and in-hospital care of trauma patients.
Numerous other courses have been developed from the ATACC course including Rescue-trauma training (RTACC), scene safety and assessment (ISAC), critical care transport (BATT), human simulation critical incident training (CISTR).
ATACC started as a new approach to trauma education but has since developed into a spectrum of courses in addition to a highly skilled trauma and rescue team providing critical care at the roadside and other difficult environments. Every member of the ATACC team is committed to operating to the highest clinical standards, to keeping the ATACC courses up-to-date and to improving trauma care worldwide.
Other trauma courses.
Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) was developed in the United States by the American College of Surgeons as a training programme for doctors in the management of acute trauma cases.
Definitive Surgical Trauma Skills course (DSTS) is a joint development between The Royal College of Surgeons of England, The Royal Centre for Defence Medicine and The Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, based in Maryland, USA. Originally designed for the military, the training structure was adapted to accommodate civilian surgical consultants and teaches vascular, cardiothoracic and general surgery techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="20677845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677845" title="ALAS (missile)">
ALAS (missile)

ALAS (Advanced Light Attack System, ) is a new Serbian long-range multipurpose guided missile system developed by the private company EdePro which will work under the direction of Yugoimport SDPR. The new system was developed for attacks on tanks, armored fighting vehicles, fortifications, command
posts, low-flying helicopters, coastal ships, industrial
facilities, bridges and more. It can be used by helicopters, armored vehicles, small ships and infantry. The ALAS uses a combined TV/IC guidance, which cannot be jammed. The missile is guided using a fiber-optic cable which connects the missile to the launcher. ALAS flies at very low attitude and has very small radar and IC reflexive. This missile uses a turbofan motor instead of a turbojet motor. A secondary use for this system is as an UAV.
Description of system and role.
The ALAS, missile system is intended for two kinds of primary mission:
Tactical role.
The ALAS missile system is intended for attack distant target as:
Variants.
There are two main types of system depending on missiles used as ALAS or LORANA system.
ALAS.
The ALAS missile is hot-launched from its canister by means of a solid-propellant boost motor. Alas is designation for missiles produced in Alas-A, Alas-B and Alas-C variants. 
For UAE it will be delivered on Nimr 6x6 chassis. Design of ALAS-C abandoned the initial design of the structure, the structure of the initial integration expand the arrow wing forward, small aerodynamic rudder control, axial turbine engine is equipped with a single nozzle. New the ALAS-C missiles actually installed the turbojet in the stretch LORANA of missile X-type wing control of the rudder head mounted at a 45 ° cross. Located in the wing front part on both sides of the elastomer is of the two intake ports of the engine, the wing rear portion on both sides of the elastomer is two flat engine nozzle, fiber spool is located in the nozzle rear. Employing an ins or optionally a gps guidance system the Alas-c will have a range of up to 25 km, using a tv/ccs/iir homing head to deliver its fragmentation warhead.
Guidance.
The missile is programmed to follow a preset course around or over obstructing terrain using electronic terrain maps and inertial guidance. An infrared imaging is used for the terminal guidance phase, also it is possible to transfer the thermal images back to the launching platform via a 200 MBit/s data link provided by an optical fibre, and manually select the target or avoid collateral damage by aborting mission.
Missile communication is realized via optical monomode cable with two channels (communication directions):
Firing station comprises a high-performance compact computer for missile guidance, an operator control panel and a high-resolution display. The system uses advanced control and image processing algorithms, electro-optical converters and radio links. The firing station has an optional Global Positioning System (GPS),and north-seeking device. The firing station used for mission planning before the engagement. For mission planning the firing station stores a digitized map and displays the map during missile flight. For some mission applications, a dual monitor system used. The firing unit used as a trainer and simulator without additional hardware.
When attacking ships, missiles can fly at an altitude of a few meters above sea level. At this stage of the flight, the flight controls are made according to pre-programmed data, when the rocket fly to the target area, gunners seize control and joystick controls and screen.
Propulsion.
During launch, a solid propellant booster accelerates the missile to an initial cruising speed (120–150 m/s). The turbojet engine TMM-040 ignited to take the missile to the target under control of the guidance system and the operator to control the missile speed. Main propulsion characteristics:
LORANA.
There is a solid propellant sustainer rocket engine and accelerated with solid propellant booster engine variant instead turbojet with range estimated to 9 km with greater speed designated LORANA (LOng RAnge Non line of sight Attack system).  Lorana has a 10 kg mono-HEAT or tandem warhead. LORANA is intended for use from land or helicopter platforms for launch. Lorana missile seeker was tested in mid 2012 on light aircraft SILA 450C domestic aircraft (made in Kraljevo, Serbia by Aero-East-Europe) in a series of 10 flights above military multibranch exercise range "Pasuljanske livade" Serbia. LORANA represents advanced remote non-line of sight attack system battery which consists of battery command post (based on light wheeled armored SUV or semi) and four launch vehicles, with each vehicle equipped with 4 to 6 containers with missiles. Also, there is a missile carrier, for reloading missiles or as a backup control car.
Lorana missile consists of the following functional units - sub-systems:
Guidance.
The nose missile is mounted with TV unit, which allows the detection of target size tank at distances within 3 km. Field of view cameras used in TV display unit is 7 ° x 5 °. Fiber optic cable can handle pulling force 52 N. Loss signal in an optical cable is 0.2 dB / km. Optical Cable provides direction of ground control kit on board missile data transmission rate of 128 kbit/s and direction of the missile deck to ground control station data transmission speed of 240 Mbi /s - this direction is available one video channel and two data channels.
Firing station works in same principle as for ALAS rockets. According to available data Lorana can achieve accuracy of intervention chosen destination with a maximum deviation of 1 m.
Operational use.
Missile takes off from the shipping container-starter.
Lorana can be stored in a container more than 10 years without the need preventive maintenance. After the installation on the carrier is ready for immediate use.

</doc>
<doc id="20677863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677863" title="District Planning in Kerala">
District Planning in Kerala

District Planning is the process of planning covering all local governments in a district based on a district level development policy and integrating the district and sub-district plans of all the local governments into a consolidated district plan which will later be integrated with the state plan. The District Planning process will take into account the resources (natural, human and financial) and the extend of legal responsibilities assigned to the district and below level governments, during the preparation of the district plan.[http://www.scribd.com/doc/11512336/District-Planning-Lessons-from-India-Planning-Guide-1995].
The history of district planning in Kerala is that of intermittent attempts, partial successes and long neglect. It doesn't show any promising growth pattern. But there were many attempts started with sincerity and ended without any worthy output, All those attempts were good learning examples worthy of learning the bottlenecks. A brief history of those attempts were as follows:
Early initiatives.
Bringing out a district plan document giving district wise break-up of the annual plan began in the late 1960s and early 1970s. That could be the first event in the lineage of district planning exercise in Kerala. Each department prepared district-wise break up of schemes divisible among districts. That district-wise break-up of schemes has been consolidated into a single document by the Kerala State Planning Board for better monitoring of the State Plan at the district level. There was neither any sort of district planning nor any attempt for integration of sectoral schemes at the district level during the period. Those district plans were mere compilations of departmental or similar programmes into a single volume. They were useful for coordination and monitoring, but do not deserve the status of district plans.
In 1976, a District Planning Unit was set up in the Kerala State Planning Board. Later, it was transformed into Decentralized Planning Division in the State Planning Board. In the year 1979, the district planning offices were set up in all the districts except in Wynad.
Kollam District Plan.
The District Planning Offices in Kerala were entrusted with the task of creation of database for each district, by compiling all available secondary data. Kollam district conducted a resource potential survey and went ahead with district planning as a pilot project with focus on industrial sector.
A District Planning Committee was set up with District Collector as Chair Person to formulate the district plan. District Development Committee (DDC) - an advisory body of officials and non-officials including the MLA's and MPs in the district, headed by the District Collector, was expected to function as the local planning machinery in the district. The dormant grama panchayats and municipalities were the existing elected local governments below the district level. Eleven technical committees were constituted for each of the major development sectors. Block Planning Committees (BPCs) were formed at every block consisting of the Chair Person of the Block Development Committee, Presidents of all the Panchayats in the block area and officials of different development departments of the concerned blocks.
The district planning exercise in Kollam district was divided into two stages.
Stage I: - Assessment of resource endowments and the development potential of the district which included:-
Stage II: - Preparation of the district plan by involving people's representatives and local government officials.
The District Development Committee(DDC) had set up the planning bodies, BPC meetings were convened and the planning procedures were explained to all actors. Panchayats were requested to discuss and decide their resource endowments, identify development problems, the schemes and projects to be included in their plan and to involve the experts available locally in the execution of the process. Panchayats were able to complete the tasks in two/three meetings. The BPC met again after a month to review the proposals from the Panchayats. They reviewed, modified or supplemented the projects to make them complete or perfect and transmitted those plans to the technical committees at the district. The technical committees held several rounds of discussion to make them conform to the standards of the state level schemes. New proposals were then formulated by the technical committees, whenever needed. The strategies for development of the sector were also evolved by those technical committees.
The procedure evolved in this experiment formed the basis of the guidelines for preparation of district plans by Kerala State Planning Board later.
The Seventh Five-Year Plan visualized decentralization of planning process from the State-level to the level of districts in the first phase, and then further down to the block level, to increase the effectiveness in implementation of the anti-poverty programmes and to ensure balanced regional development. So the Planning Commission suggested the State government to formulate comprehensive district plans in two or three districts as an experiment.
Modality of the process
As per the guideline, the exercise of district planning had to start with a resource survey and preparation of a resource inventory based on secondary data as well as through primary survey for both natural and human resources. It was followed by an assessment of the felt needs of the district and formulation of a set of priorities consistent with the State and National priorities. After that, an assessment of the financial resources covering 'untied funds', flowing to the district from state and central schemes as well as the institutional finance, has to be made. The guidelines suggested for the preparation of a perspective plan that should show the long-term development needs and the development potential of the district. The next step was to draw up five-year and annual plans. Such district plans were then to be integrated with the State Plan.
The guideline suggested an effective monitoring mechanism at the district and the State level to monitor the implementation of the district plan, in terms of finance, physical achievements, devolution of appropriate administrative / financial powers and preparation of district budget. The last item in the nine-point guideline envisaged "involving Panchayat Raj Institutions and enlisting the co-operation of the voluntary agencies in the process of decentralised planning".
Subsequent experiments.
In order to experiment a pilot exercise in district planning, two districts - Kottayam among the developed and Kannur among the backward – were selected. DDCs were entrusted with the overall responsibility of drawing up district plans. A small executive committee was constituted with District Collector as the chairperson, Chairperson of DDC as the member-secretary, and selected district officers as members to assist the DDC in drawing up the plan. Blocks were proposed as the primary units for the district planning exercise. Block Planning Committees (BPCs) were constituted with one of the district level officers of the development departments as chairperson and BDO as member-secretary. The role of District Planning Officer was to help the DDC in preparing the block-level inventory of resources & infrastructure and to make a report on the prospects of development. The BPCs had to assess the felt needs of the different Panchayats through discussion and dialogue with representatives of local people. Since the elections to the Panchayats were not held, they were not associated with this district planning exercise. The procedures for enhancing people’s participation and details of development analysis to be made were determined by the concerned DDC.
The Planning Commission of India later modified the earlier guideline stating that the financial assistance for the exercise could be made only if the study would be entrusted to private consultancy organizations. Accordingly, the above modality was abandoned and the Institute of Management in Government (IMG) and Kerala Statistical Institute (KSI) were entrusted with the responsibility of drawing up district plans, respectively for the districts of Kannur and Kottayam. The exercise was, however, kept outside the purview of planning in the State or in the districts in the matter of Five-Year Plan and Annual Plan formulation and was undertaken only as an experimental 'model' in the district planning.
Kottayam District Plan
The KSI started working on the district plan of Kottayam district from December 1988, with focus on land use planning. The resource inventory was prepared based on secondary data. The exercise focused on the preparation of schemes from below in consonance with the felt needs of the people in different localities. As there were no elected bodies at the block and the district levels, meetings of the BPCs consisting of elected MLAs, Panchayat Presidents, officials, other non-officials and Municipal Councilors, were convened regularly. The committees were expected to put forth development proposals considering the overall development needs, potentials and the felt needs of the people in the region.
During that time, the official preparations for district level plans, as part of the Eighth Plan of the State started in the districts. The outlay for Kottayam district in the Eighth plan was Rs. 90 crore. KSI decided to make use of the list of schemes which was being prepared for the government. It invited proposals from the Panchayats based on the list and dovetailed the output to suit an estimated financial outlay of Rs. 100 crore for the public sector as calculated by them. Discussions were held in the BDCs. The panchayat presidents were entrusted with holding discussions in the Panchayats before making suggestions regarding the schemes. The block level discussions were over by January 1989 in all the 11 blocks of the district. By February, meetings were also held in the municipalities. Approximately 700 persons attended those meetings held throughout the district. By July 1989, around 40 Panchayats had submitted their proposals in the prescribed formats and in total 73 Panchayats submitted their projects by the end.
Simultaneously, main problems and priorities of the Panchayats, particularly with reference to infrastructure facilities, were collected from the Panchayat Presidents with the help of a questionnaire. KSI also undertook a sample household survey to understand the felt needs of the people, to supplement this input. Four Panchayats and one Municipality were chosen for the sample survey from among the 73 Panchayats and the four Municipalities. The schemes collected from the Panchayats and the blocks, with the data supplemented from Krishi Bhavans, Panchayats and household survey, formed the basis of the district plan report. Some of the proposals were of good quality, whereas some others were the 'usual type' consisting of construction of roads and bridges. KSI dovetailed them within the fixed total outlay of Rs.100 crore and prepared the final district plan.
The district plan was not exactly a compendium of finally selected projects; rather it was an account of the understanding of the consultants regarding the felt needs of the people as expressed by different actors involved in the planning process and the consultants' assessment of the resource endowment of the district.
The proposals from below sought to have a lower allocation for agriculture while proposing higher outlays for the allied agricultural sectors such as animal husbandry, dairy, and fisheries in contrast with the actual district sector outlays of the State plan. The allocation demanded for rural development, which perhaps covered anti-poverty and employment generation schemes, was also much higher than the actual allocations. The substantially lower allocation proposed from below on roads was surprising. On the other hand, housing figured prominently in the KSI plan than the actual allocation available for the district. At the same time, the allocation for SC/ST welfare was much lesser than half of the actual allotment.
The conclusion of the exercise was not very encouraging. It underlined that in the task of identification of schemes and projects of local significance and in presentation of them with adequate details such as importance, costs and benefits, the general public can make very little contribution. The people's participation at the panchayat level was very limited.
Kannur District Plan
The Kannur District Plan was more a methodological exercise than an operational one. It was submitted on December 1992, almost two years after the Kottayam Plan when the first elected District Councils of Kerala had assumed power. The purpose of the plan was to refine the procedural aspects in district planning.
The first step in the planning was to make an analysis of situation, which included preparation of district profile, resource inventory through secondary data collection and mapping techniques, and also through primary survey whenever needed, especially using RRA techniques.
The second step in the planning process was to have a sectoral and spatial analysis of the district, which included identification of watershed, geo-climatic typologies, spatial profile of poverty and unemployment, sectoral review of potentials, etc.
In the third step, formulation of objectives and strategies based on the situation analysis made earlier was done. The plan reflected the felt needs of the Panchayats / Non Governmental Organisations and contained the long-term and short-term objectives, as well as sectoral strategies.
Preparation of development programmes and development projects for inclusion in district plan was the fourth step. A quantitative and spatial schematic plan was drawn up based on a development dialogue with the District Council regarding the financial resource position and development priorities. But this had never happened at all. The experiment met with a premature death.
District plans in 2000
In the third year of the much acclaimed Peoples Planning in Kerala, an attempt was made to draw up the district plan for each district in order to complete the cycle of decentralized planning.
The basic objectives of the above said district planning experiment was threefold.
% to make an assessment of the district, its resources and to provide a macro perspective for district development
% to consolidate local government plans
% to formulate guidelines for local planning for subsequent years
Based on those objectives, district plans were drawn up in the districts with the following three parts or sections.
The Part I of the district plan was proposed to be prepared once in five years at the beginning of the five-year plan. Part II and Part III of the district plan were expected to be prepared every year.
The district plan for each of the 14 districts in Kerala was prepared in the year 2000. The integration of local plans revealed the duplications, gaps and contradictions in the people's planning. As well, it provided guidelines for the preparation of the next years annual plans in the district.
The exercise indicated that district plan, in the absence of clear objectives, proper methodology and meticulous preparation can degenerate itself into a bundle of statistics and schemes, without any coherence, direction and integration. So the district planners should have a through knowledge of the objectives of the state and national planning and should customize the district plan in tune with the objectives of the higher level plans while balancing with the projects arising from below.

</doc>
<doc id="20677877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677877" title="Polyethylenimine">
Polyethylenimine

Polyethylenimine (PEI) or polyaziridine is a polymer with repeating unit composed of the amine group and two carbon aliphatic "CHCH" spacer. Linear polyethyleneimines contain all secondary amines, in contrast to branched PEIs which contain primary, secondary and tertiary amino groups. Totally branched, dendrimeric forms were also reported. 
PEI is produced on industrial scale and finds many applications usually derived from its polycationic character.
Properties.
The linear PEIs are solids at room temperature where branched PEIs are liquids at all molecular weights. Linear polyethyleneimines are soluble in hot water, at low pH, in methanol, ethanol, or chloroform. They are insoluble in cold water, benzene, ethyl ether, and acetone. They have a melting point of 73-75°C. They can be stored at room temperature.
Synthesis.
Branched PEI can be synthesized by the ring opening polymerization of aziridine. Depending on the reaction conditions different degree of branching can be achieved. Linear PEI is available by post-modification of other polymers like poly(2-oxazolines) 
or "N"-substituted polyaziridines.
Linear PEI was synthesised by the hydrolysis of poly(2-ethyl-2-oxazoline) and sold as jetPEI. The current generation in-vivo-jetPEI uses bespoke poly(2-ethyl-2-oxazoline) polymers as precursors.
Applications.
Polyethyleneimine finds many applications in products like: detergents, adhesives, water treatment agents and cosmetics.
Thanks to ability to modify the surface of cellulose fibres, PEI is employed as a wet-strength agent in the paper-making process.
It is also used as flocculating agent with silica sols and as a chelating agent with the ability to complex metal ions such as zinc and zirconium.
There are also other highly specialized PEI applications:
Attachment promoter.
Polyethyleneimines are used in the cell culture of weakly anchoring cells to increase attachment. PEI is a cationic polymer; the negatively charged outer surfaces of cells are attracted to dishes coated in PEI, facilitating stronger attachments between the cells and the plate. However, polyethylenimine has very strong toxicity.
Transfection reagent.
Poly(ethylenimine) was the second polymeric transfection agent discovered, after poly-l-lysine. PEI condenses DNA into positively charged particles, which bind to anionic cell surface residues and are brought into the cell via endocytosis. Once inside the cell protonation of the amines results in an influx of counter-ions and a lowering of the osmotic potential. Osmotic swelling results and bursts the vesicle releasing the polymer-DNA complex (polyplex) into the cytoplasm. If the polyplex unpacks then the DNA is free to diffuse to the nucleus. PEI is extremely cytotoxic, by two different mechanisms, the disruption of the cell membrane leading to necrotic cell death (immediate) and disruption of the mitochondrial membrane after internalisation leading to apoptosis (delayed).
CO2 capture.
Both linear and branched polyethylenimine have been used for CO2 capture, frequently impregnated over porous materials. First use of PEI polymer in CO2 capture was devoted to improve the CO2 removal in space aircraft applications, impregnated over a polymeric matrix. After that, the support was changed to MCM-41, an hexagonal mesostructured silica, and large amounts of PEI were retained in the so-called "molecular basket". MCM-41-PEI adsorbent materials led to higher CO2 adsorption capacities than bulk PEI or MCM-41 material individually considered. The authors claim that, in this case, a synergic effect takes place due to the high PEI dispersion inside the pore structure of the material. As a result of this improvement, further works were developed to study more in depth the behaviour of these materials. Exhaustive works have been focused on the CO2 adsorption capacity as well as the CO2/O2 and CO2/N2 adsorption selectivity of several MCM-41-PEI materials with PEI polymers. Also, PEI impregnation has been tested over different supports such as a glass fiber matrix and monoliths. However, for an appropriate performance under real conditions in post-combustion capture (mild temperatures between 45-75°C and the presence of moisture) it is necessary to use thermally and hydrothermally stable silica materials, such as SBA-15, which also presents an hexagonal mesostructure. Moisture and real world conditions have also been tested when using PEI-impregnated materials to adsorb CO2 from the air.
A detailed comparison among PEI and other amino-containing molecules showed an excellence performance of PEI-containing samples with cycles. Also, only a slight decrease was registered in their CO2 uptake when increasing the temperature from 25 to 100°C, demonstrating a high contribution of chemisorption to the adsorption capacity of these solids. For the same reason, the adsorption capacity under diluted CO2 was up to 90% of the value under pure CO2 and also, a high unwanted selectivity towards SO2 was observed.
Lately, many efforts have been made in order to improve PEI diffusion within the porous structure of the support used. A better dispersion of PEI and a higher CO2 efficiency (CO2/NH molar ratio) were achieved by impregnating a template-occluded PE-MCM-41 material rather than perfect cylindrical pores of a calcined material, following a previously described route. The combined use of organosilanes such as aminopropyl-trimethoxysilane, AP, and PEI has also been studied. The first approach used a combination of them to impregnate porous supports, achieving faster CO2-adsorption kinetics and higher stability during reutilization cycles, but no higher efficiencies. A novel method is the so-called "double-functionalization". It is based on the impregnation of materials previously functionalized by grafting (covalent bonding of organosilanes). Amino groups incorporated by both paths have shown synergic effects, achieving high CO2 uptakes up to 235 mg CO2/g (5.34 mmol CO2/g). CO2 adsorption kinetics were also studied for these materials, showing similar adsorption rates than impregnated solids. This is an interesting finding, taking into account the smaller pore volume available in double-functionalized materials. Thus, it can be also concluded that their higher CO2 uptake and efficiency compared to impregnated solids can be ascribed to a synergic effect of the amino groups incorporated by two methods (grafting and impregnation) rather than to a faster adsorption kinetics.

</doc>
<doc id="20677885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677885" title="Reader Library">
Reader Library

Sony Reader Library (or formally eBook Library and Sony Connect) is iTunes-like software used to manage book, music and image content on the Sony Reader. It enables purchases from "The Reader Store from Sony".

</doc>
<doc id="20677899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677899" title="Dudley North">
Dudley North

Dudley North may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20677901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677901" title="John Johnston (Nova Scotia politician)">
John Johnston (Nova Scotia politician)

John Johnston (January 31, 1790 – July 11, 1836) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1829 to 1836. His surname also appears as Johnstone.
He was born in Kingston, Jamaica, the son of William Martin Johnston and Elizabeth Lichtenstein. He married Laura Stevenson there in 1823 and settled in Annapolis, Nova Scotia, where he set up a law practice. He was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1829 by-election held after Thomas Chandler Haliburton was appointed a judge. His wife died in a bedroom fire soon after he was elected. Johnston later married Mary Kelly. Johnston died at Falmouth, Nova Scotia after taking a sea voyage on the advice of his physician.
His younger brother James William Johnston served as premier of Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20677908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677908" title="Sayyid Al-Qemany">
Sayyid Al-Qemany

Sayyid Al-Qemany ( born March 13, 1947 in Beni Suef) is an Egyptian writer and thinker. Al-Qemany is a controversial writer. His works emphasize the importance of critical thinking, and he is an opponent of Islamic fundamentalism, supporting separation of religion and state, and tolerance. He has been awarded the Egyptian Culture Ministry's 2009 prize for achievement in the social sciences of 200,000 Egyptian pounds (about $US36,000). The bestowing of the award launched "a judicial and media campaign demanding" its withdrawal by those who claim Al-Qimni is a heretic who has "harmed Islam and the Muslims with his writings".
Al-Qemany regards himself a follower of Mu'tazila.
Islamists Accusations of Heresy.
The award was attacked by former Egyptian Mufti, Dr. Nasr Farid Wasil, who called the decision to award Al-Qimni the prize "a crime against Egypt's Muslim identity." The Islamic association, Jabhat 'Ulama Al-Azhar, stated that Al-Qimni "has openly blasphemed in a manner that does not lend itself to other interpretation." The Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood and al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya have also attacked Sayyed Al-Qimni Dar Al-Ifta, Egypt's official fatwa-issuing body, headed by Chief Mufti Dr. 'Ali Gomaa issued a fatwa stating in part: "The Muslims unanimously that whoever curses the Prophet or slanders Islam removes himself from the fold of Islam and [from the community of Muslims, and deserves punishment in this world and torment in the world to come... The statements Al-Qimni's writings quoted by the who requested the fatwa are heretical, regardless of who wrote them; they remove their author from the fold of Islam... and [also constitute a crime according to Article 98 of [Egypt's] penal code. If these depraved, loathsome, and invalid statements were indeed made by a specific individual, then this individual should be convicted rather than awarded a prize, and punished to the full extent of the law..."
Shiekh Youssef Al Badri has accused Sayyed Al-Qimni of "deconstructing Islam using eloquent sugar-coated attacks [...] more fatal than Salman Rushdie". In turn Sayyed Al-Qimni replied that Badri was accusing him of atheism. "Islamic scholars do not want the Muslim to use his God-given brain! They want a submissive and obedient Muslim who refers to them in the slightest details of his life."
Egyptian liberals have come to Al-Qimni's defense and called on the government to defend Sayyed Al-Qimni against accusations of heresy "which are tantamount to incitement to murder." Human rights activists, academics, and journalists have reportedly issued a petition of solidarity with him.
Honors.
Egypt State Award of Merit Prize in the social sciences for the year 2009, which is Egypt’s highest cultural award.

</doc>
<doc id="20677916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677916" title="Jefferson Mappin">
Jefferson Mappin

Jefferson Mappin is a Canadian actor born in Montreal, Quebec. He has been a professional performer in Canada for more than thirty years.
Born and raised in Montreal, Quebec, Jefferson caught the acting bug in high school where he got involved in every variety show and stage play possible. His love for the craft went as far as miming all the parts in a community theatre production of My Fair Lady when he was a behind-the-scenes stagehand while still in high school. His professional training came during college with the Dome Theater program at Dawson College in Montreal.
Jefferson has also appeared in over 125 film and television productions including a supporting role in the 5-time Academy Award–winning Unforgiven directed by and starring Clint Eastwood. Of his experience with the legendary Eastwood, he likes to refer to Clint as being “the nicest director and star I ever worked with who shot me in the back!” Jefferson has also appeared in other such notable films as The Freshman starring Marlon Brando and Matthew Broderick and American Christmas Carol with Henry Winkler, Death Wish V, Bride of Chuckie, and Billy Madison starring Adam Sandler.
He has also had recurring roles on such successful television series as SCTV, Top Cops, Traders and Learning the Ropes. In between juggling film and television roles, Jefferson has found the time to lend his stage talents to more than 30 productions including three seasons at the highly acclaimed Stratford Festival of Canada. More recently Jefferson has appeared at the Factory Theatre in Toronto, Theatre Orangeville and The Blyth Festival.
Deeply involved in advancing the role of artists and the arts in Canada, Jefferson was the National Vice President of the Alliance of Canadian Radio and Television Artists (ACTRA) and served as a National Councillor from 1997 to 2002 and was a director of the Headwaters Arts Festival and held various executive positions with the Festival including four years as President between 2003 and 2007 in the Hills of Headwaters region north west of Toronto from 2001 to 2008.
In his capacity as President of the Headwaters Arts Festival Jefferson also served as a Director of the Hills of Headwaters Tourism Association. This position includes working with community businesses and arts organizations to promote business opportunities for local artists through increased exposure and promotion.
Jefferson lives in Erin, Ontario with his wife of more than twenty-eight years, Sally, and a houseful of pets.

</doc>
<doc id="20677925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677925" title="Serges Déblé">
Serges Déblé

Serge Déblé (born October 1, 1989 in Anyama) is an Ivorian football player who currently plays for Shirak F.C..
Career.
He previously played for ASEC Mimosas in Côte d'Ivoire, before on 14 July 2008 moving to France side Angers SCO on loan from parent club Charlton Athletic, due to work permit reasons. He then signed on loan for FC Nantes in 2010. In January 2012 signed short contract in Russia with FC Khimki. In May 2012 signed with Russian first division club FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.
International career.
He played with the Côte d'Ivoire U20 at 2009 African Youth Championship in Rwanda.

</doc>
<doc id="20677937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677937" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's discus throw">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's discus throw

The women's discus throw event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. It was the first medal decision of a women's event in Olympic athletics. The competition was held on Tuesday, July 31, 1928.
Twenty-one discus throwers from twelve nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In the final Halina Konopacka set a new world record with 39.62 metres.
Results.
Qualification.
The best six throwers, both groups counted together, qualified for the final. The throwing order and the throwing series are not available.
Group 1
Group 2
Final.
The final was held on the same day and started at 2 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="20677943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677943" title="Brandon Brooks (actor)">
Brandon Brooks (actor)

Brandon Brooks (born November 17, 1973 in Nashville, Tennessee) is an American sitcom actor. He has starred in a number of Peter Engel productions such as "USA High" and the role of the offbeat surfer Murray Updyke in "Malibu, CA". He is of part English, Irish and part Cherokee descent.

</doc>
<doc id="20677960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677960" title="Linda McCartney's Sixties">
Linda McCartney's Sixties

"Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era" (published on 13 October 1992) is a book by Linda McCartney which presents a number of selected photographic portraits of rock legends. "Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era" continues to be the most famous work by McCartney. The text was written from interviews with Linda by Steve Turner who would go on to write 'A Hard Day's Write: The Stories Behind Every Beatles' Song' and 'The Gospel According to the Beatles.'
Portrait of an Era is the first museum show of her work in the United States since her death in April 1998. It is a selection of 50 photographs of some of the greatest names in the world of rock music captured in black and white on exquisite platinum prints and silvertone, and in color. Among the bands and musicians portrayed are those that have become icons of late-twentieth-century popular music: Jimi Hendrix, Aretha Franklin, the Rolling Stones, the Who, Paul McCartney, John Lennon, B. B. King, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin, Ray Charles, The Beatles, the Grateful Dead and Otis Redding.
"My big break was in June 1966 with the Rolling Stones. This was a session which came about more of less by accident, as did so many good things at that time." Linda McCartney
This is how Linda McCartney begins her book "Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era". It was also the beginning of her photographic career, which was to span more than three decades. During that time she not only widened her view from the world of Sixties rock music to include landscapes, still lifes and portraits of everyday life as she encountered it, she also developed her technical skills, not just in taking the picture but also in developing it. Her experiments with making sun prints, a photographic developing process dating back to the early years of photography in the Nineteenth century, earned her the distinction of having her work exhibited at the Royal Photographic Society in Bath, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20677962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677962" title="Citibank India">
Citibank India

Citibank India is an Indian private sector bank headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra. It is a subsidiary of Citigroup, a multinational financial services corporation headquartered in New York City, United States.
History.
Established in 1902 in Calcutta (Kolkatta), Citibank has a long history in India. Currently, Citigroup, the owner of Citibank India, is the largest foreign direct investor in financial services in India with a total capital commitment of approximately US$ 4 Billion in its onshore banking and financial services business and its principal and alternate investment programmes.
It operates 41 full-service Citibank branches in 40 cities and over 700 ATMs across the country.
Citibank is an employer of about 7,500 people.
Products and services.
Citi offers consumers and institutions a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, and wealth management.
Citi's franchise in India includes businesses such as equity brokerage, equities distribution, private banking (Citi Private Bank) and alternate investments and private equity (CVCI).
Sponsorship and charity.
Citi Foundation, the global philanthropic arm of Citigroup, began its grant giving in India in 1999 to support economically disadvantaged families by way of enterprise development, youth education and livelihoods, financial capability and asset building, and microfinance. Citibank also sponsors awards, community programmes, charitable causes, and arts programmes and festivals.
Awards & Recognition.
As of 2012, Citibank India has been recognised as the 'Best Consumer Internet Bank in India' by Global Finance four years in a row, and has received the ‘Best Corporate/Institutional Internet Bank’ Award for two years in a row. 

</doc>
<doc id="20677997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677997" title="Bamber Gascoyne">
Bamber Gascoyne

Bamber Gascoyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20677998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20677998" title="Breakin' Up">
Breakin' Up

"Breakin' Up" is a single by Rilo Kiley, taken from the band's fourth album "Under the Blacklight". It was released in 2008 on Warner Bros. Records as a digital download, backed with two remixes of the lead track, and one of album track Silver Lining. It is the band's final single.
The single artwork features drag queen Willam Belli who was also a contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race.

</doc>
<doc id="20678023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678023" title="Dušan Mijić">
Dušan Mijić

Dušan Mijić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душaн Mиjић ; born 23 January 1965 in Krupa na Vrbasu, Banja Luka) is a Bosnian Serb football head coach and former player.
Club career.
Mijić played for FK Vojvodina in the Yugoslav First League.

</doc>
<doc id="20678024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678024" title="1992 Canadian Open (tennis)">
1992 Canadian Open (tennis)

The 1992 Canadian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 103rd edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1992 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1992 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada, from July 20 through July 26, 1992, and the women's event at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from August 17 through August 23, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20678030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678030" title="Junges Klangforum Mitte Europa">
Junges Klangforum Mitte Europa

The Young Sound Forum of Central Europe (Junges Klangforum Mitte Europa) is a European youth orchestra consisting of young German, Polish and Czech musicians.
Goals.
The aim of the Young Sound Forum of Central Europe is the rejuvenation of the once so precious and rich cultural landscape of Central Europe by promoting and reclaiming its wrongfully lost musical treasures.In addition to the classic concert repertoire, the Young Sound Forum of Central Europe has equally dedicated itself to fostering contemporary music through commissioned compositions as well as performing rarely played pieces by composers ostracized and persecuted by the National Socialist regime from 1933-1945.
History.
The Young Sound Forum of Central Europe was founded in 2002 by the German conductor Christoph Altstaedt. The orchestra initially consisted of former members of the Bundesjugendorchester (the German National Youth Orchestra). Following a co-operative project with Czech musicians in the former concentration camp of Terezin (Theresienstadt) in 2003, the idea of a tri-national orchestra including Polish musicians was born in 2004. The patrons of the orchestra are Richard von Weizsäcker, Václav Havel and Lech Wałęsa.
In its first five years of existence the Young Sound Forum of Central Europe has been equally recognised for its musical excellence and unique repertoire as well as for its contributions to understanding and reconciliation in Europe between Poland, the Czech Republic and Germany. The Young Sound Forum of Central Europe received the Praemium Imperiale "Grant For Young Artists" 2004, the Marion Doenhoff Award 2005 and the European Youth Orchestra Prize 2006.
The Musical Director of the Young Sound Forum of Central Europe is its founding conductor Christoph Altstaedt, a Tanglewood Music Festival conducting fellow in 2008.Guest conductors of the orchestra have included Sebastian Weigle, Muhai Tang and Krzysztof Penderecki. The Young Sound Forum of Central Europe has 2-3 European concert tours annually and toured Japan in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20678041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678041" title="Kessinger Publishing">
Kessinger Publishing

Kessinger Publishing LLC is an American print-on-demand publishing company located in Whitefish, Montana that specializes in rare, out of print books.
Description and history.
According to Kelly Gallagher, vice president of publishing services at a bibliographic information company, Kessinger Publishing is part of a group of publishers that "are opening up new publishing venues by producing titles for very niche markets and also bringing public domain titles back to life." In 2009, the company produced 190,175 titles and was reported to be the third largest producer of "non-traditional" books that year. 
"The Register" (UK) reported in 2009 that volume 1 of a book by Lafcadio Hearn was not available for a full preview because it was marked as "copyrighted material" and offered for sale by Kessinger Publishing. According to the article, some "scholars were outraged" because the book was previously in the public domain and criticized Kessinger Publishing for making the Internet copy of the book "useless to scholars" by forcing them to purchase it. 

</doc>
<doc id="20678059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678059" title="Paolo Galletti">
Paolo Galletti

Paolo Galletti (born 7 March 1937) is an Italian former swimmer. He participated to two Olympics Games editions, in 1956 and in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20678067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678067" title="Parvez Qadir">
Parvez Qadir

Parvez Qadir is a British actor.
He appeared as Jaz in all three series of the BBC television series "The Cops" and has also appeared in "Coronation Street" and in the Mike Leigh film "All or Nothing". In 2008, he appeared in "".

</doc>
<doc id="20678077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678077" title="Heart and Soul (Binchy novel)">
Heart and Soul (Binchy novel)

Heart and Soul is a 2008 novel by Irish novelist Maeve Binchy, about (what Binchy terms) "a heart failure clinic" in Dublin and the people involved with it. Several characters from Binchy's previous novels, including "Evening Class", "Scarlet Feather", "Quentins", and "Whitethorn Woods", make appearances.
Binchy, who "suffered a health crisis related to a heart condition" in 2002, was inspired to write "Heart and Soul" by her own experiences and observations in the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20678078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678078" title="Bill Gerber">
Bill Gerber

Bill Gerber is an American film producer, responsible for such films as "Queen of the Damned" and the remake of "The Dukes of Hazzard" TV series.
Filmography.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20678099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678099" title="Lindsay Tait">
Lindsay Tait

Lindsay Michael Tait (born 8 January 1982 in Sydney, Australia) is a New Zealand professional basketball player.
Tait played for the Auckland Stars in the New Zealand NBL from 2000–2007, winning three championships. From 2008–2011, he played for the Wellington Saints, winning championships in 2010 and 2011 and was awarded the Finals MVP in both wins.
The 1.90 metre tall guard was part of the 2006 Commonwealth Games Tall Blacks side that won the silver medal.
Tait played for the New Zealand Breakers in the Australian NBL for the club's first three seasons. For the 2006–07 season, Tait played in Switzerland for BC Boncourt. He was with the Wollongong Hawks in the 2007–08 season but was injured, returning for the 2008–09 season.
Tait returned to the Australian NBL in December 2010, signing with the Cairns Taipans midway through the 2010–11 season.
For the 2012 New Zealand NBL season, Tait played for the Auckland Pirates, winning the 2012 NBL championship.
For 2013, Tait returned to the Wellington Saints after the Pirates pulled out of the 2013 season. He was named the 2013 MVP.
Tait is married to Anna-Maria of whom he has two children with. 

</doc>
<doc id="20678101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678101" title="Nos galan">
Nos galan

Nos galan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20678110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678110" title="Timeline of twentieth-century theatre">
Timeline of twentieth-century theatre

The following timeline of twentieth-century theatre offers a year-by-year account of the performance and publication of notable works of drama and significant events in the history of theatre during the 20th century. Musical theatre works are excluded from the list below.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20678117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678117" title="Hibernoma">
Hibernoma

A hibernoma is a benign neoplasm of vestigial brown fat, a term originally used by Gery in 1914.
Classification.
This lesion has been called a fetal lipoma, lipoma of embryonic fat or a lipoma of immature fat.
Signs and symptoms.
Patients present with a slow-growing, painless, solitary mass, usually of the subcutaneous tissues. It is much less frequently noted in the intramuscular tissue. It is not uncommon for symptoms to be present for years. 
Imaging findings.
In general, imaging studies show a well-defined, heterogeneous mass, usually showing a mass which is hypointense to subcutaneous fat on magnetic resonance T1-weight images. Serpentine, thin, low signal bands (septations or vessels) are often seen throughout the tumor.
Pathology findings.
From a macroscopic perspective, there is a well-defined, encapsulated or circumscribed mass, showing a soft, yellow tan to deep brown mass. The size ranges from 1 to 27 cm, although the mean is about 10 cm. 
Additional images.
Histochemistry.
Oil red O-positive droplets of cytoplasmic lipid can be seen in most cases.
Immunohistochemistry.
The neoplastic cells are S100 protein positive (approximately 80%), and show membrane and vacuole CD31 immunoreactivity. Uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1), a unique brown fat mitochondrial protein, is also positive. 
Cytogenetics.
There are structural rearrangements of 11q13-21, which are considered most characteristic. This alteration can be detected by metaphase fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). Interestingly, MEN1 gene (11q13.1) is most frequently deleted, while GARP gene (11q13.5) may also be involved.
Cytology.
The fine needle aspiration smears show small, round, brown fat-like cells, with uniform, small cytoplasmic vacuoles and regular, small, round nuclei. There is usually a rich vascular background of branching capillaries. It is not uncommon to also have mature fat cells.
Differential diagnoses.
It is important to separate hiberoma from adult rhabdomyoma, a granular cell tumor and a true liposarcoma.
Management.
Complete surgical excision is the treatment of choice, associated with an excellent long term clinical outcome. 
Epidemiology.
The tumor is rare, affecting adults in the 4th decade most commonly. Patients are usually younger than those who present with a lipoma. There is a slight male predominance. Hibernoma are most commonly identified in the head and neck region (shoulders, neck, scapular), followed by thigh, back, chest, abdomen, and arms.

</doc>
<doc id="20678149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678149" title="Holy Terror (album)">
Holy Terror (album)

Holy Terror is the twelfth album by rap/spoken word pioneers The Last Poets released in 1993. The album was released by Polystar Records in Japan and then by Rykodisc Records in the U.S. and UK later that same year, with a release in 2004 by Innerhythmic. The U.S. and UK releases featured one bonus track entitled "Black And Strong (Homesick)". The lead figures in the Last Poets at this time were Umar Bin Hassan and Abiodun Oyewole. The album was part of the Black Arc Series, launched by producer Bill Laswell in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20678171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678171" title="John Elkanah Morton">
John Elkanah Morton

John Elkanah Morton (1793 – April 20, 1835) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the town of Digby in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1827 to 1830.
He was the son of Elkanah Morton. Morton married a Miss Beckwith. He served as captain in the local militia. He was later named customs collector at Digby. Mortton died in Digby.
His son Fenimore E. Morton served as Solicitor General for New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="20678188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678188" title="Minuscule 29">
Minuscule 29

Minuscule 29 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1022 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 169 parchment leaves (). In the three later Gospels some leaves lost (Matthew 1-15; Mark 16:15-20; Luke 4:28-5:7), and were supplied in the 15th-century by paper leaves. The text is written in one column per page, 30 lines per page. It is beautifully but carelessly written by a Latin scribe. The initial letters are written in colour.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages.There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234, the last in 16:9) with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Prolegomena of Cosmas, Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, liturgical books with hagiographies (Synaxarion and Menologion), and scholia at the margin.
It contains corrections on the margin made by "prima manu".
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland place it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It was corrected toward Πb.
History.
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 12th-century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th-century.
The manuscript was brought from Greece. It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein.
The manuscript was examined by John Mill (Colbertinus 3). Mill compares its text with that of Minuscule 71 and found some affinities. Scholz (1794-1852) examined only texts of Mark 1-5 and John 5-8. It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 89) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20678197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678197" title="Abonos">
Abonos

Abonos (Serbian Cyrillic: Абонос; trans. "Ebony") is a Serbian gothic metal band from Belgrade.
The guitarist Jakša Vlahović and a former keyboardist and vocalist Marta Vlahović are brother and sister and children of graphic artist and former Porodična Manufaktura Crnog Hleba member Jugoslav Vlahović. Jakša Vlahović was a guitarist for the speed/thrash metal band Bombarder until 2010. Drummer Milan Janković is alongside drummer for Bombarder. 
Jakša Vlahović and Marija Dokmanović, as professional graphic artists, are the authors of complete visual identity of the group (logo, CD covers, posters, T-shirts, etc).
Biography.
The band was formed at the end of 1999. The original lineup consisted of Jakša Vlahović (guitar), his sister Marta Vlahović (vocals, keyboards), Marija Dokmanović (vocals, keyboards), Nikola Vrhovac (guitar), Vladimir Lalić (vocals, bass guitar), and Milan Janković (drums). In 2001, they recorded their first official demo, featuring six songs, and in 2002 appeared on various artists album "Demo Express 202", released by Rock Express Records in cooperation with Radio 202, with the song "Izlaz" ("Exit").
The band recorded their debut self-titled album in Kazablanka Studio in Belgrade during 2003. The album was officially released on December 6, 2004, through the band's own record label Porodična Manufaktura. In 2006, Vrhovac, Lalić and Marta Vlahović left the band, and were replaced by Jovan Prokopić (Seraphim) and Tomas Ljumović, respectively.
In 2007, the band released the single "Urlik" ("Howl"), which was given with the book of poems "Oka da ne ispustim dah" by poet Milan B. Popović, who is the author of the "Urlik" lyrics. Jakša Vlahović designed the book covers and illustrated the book. The single was produced by Alogia member Srđan Branković. With the release of the single, the band announced the release of their new studio album. In 2010, "Urlik" appeared on the various artists album "Vreme brutalnih dobronamernika", which featured seventeen bands which recorded the songs on Milan B. Popović poems.

</doc>
<doc id="20678199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678199" title="MR3">
MR3

MR3 or MR-3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20678202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678202" title="Lee Noble">
Lee Noble

Lee Noble is a British entrepreneur, car designer and engineer. He is the founder of the sports car companies Noble Automotive Ltd in 1999 and Fenix Automotive in 2009. He is also the designer of some low-volume sports cars, including the Ultima Mk1, Ultima Mk2, Ultima Mk3, Midtec Spyder, and Ascari FGT. His designs have also been further developed beyond Noble's involvement, resulting in successful designs such as the Ultima GTR, Ascari Ecosse, Rossion Q1, and designs such as the Salica GT. which has never made production. Noble’s basic theme for designing sports cars is to start with a lightweight space frame, have a big powerful engine and an aerodynamic sports-racer body. Almost all the cars Noble has designed have been mid-engined which makes his cars notable for good handling.
Noble started Noble Automotive after he finished his involvement with Ascari, a manufacturer of supercars with a commensurately high price and small market. Lee Noble’s passion is to achieve something closer to everyman price levels, so Noble Automotive set out to build a relatively affordable but still really fast car. To sell cars in the hundreds or thousands per year, build costs need to be low, and quality needs to be high. As a result, Noble does much of its basic manufacturing in South Africa. The core body/chassis assemblies are shipped from South Africa to England, where Noble installs the drivetrain (for the European market) and does final tests. Noble left Noble Automotive in the spring of 2008 and created his new current company, Fenix Automotive in late 2009. Lee Noble is also involved in design of Arrinera supercar that will be produced in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20678205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678205" title="Lewis J. Rachmil">
Lewis J. Rachmil

Lewis J. Rachmil (July 3, 1908 – February 19, 1984) was an American film producer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Our Town". In the mid and late 1940s, he produced several of William Boyd's popular "Hopalong Cassidy" B-Westerns. In 1959, he was producer of "Men into Space," a one-season CBS TV series that tried to give a serious science fiction preview of where the then-new American space program seemed to be heading. During the 1960s he produced several films in England for Mirisch Films.
He was born in New York City and died in Beverly Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20678233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678233" title="Dorothea von Rodde-Schlözer">
Dorothea von Rodde-Schlözer

Dorothea von Rodde-Schlözer (née Schlözer), (18 August 1770 - 12 July 1825), was a talented German scholar and the first woman to receive a doctor of philosophy degree in Germany. She was one of the so-called "Universitätsmamsellen", a group of five academically active women during the 18th-and 19th century, daughters of academics on Göttingen University, alongside Meta Forkel-Liebeskind, Therese Huber, Philippine Engelhard, and Caroline Schelling.
Life.
Dorothea was born in Göttingen the daughter of professor August Ludwig Schlözer a prominent historian and theorist on matters of education. Schlözer believed that women's intelligence was equal to that of men. To settle a dispute with another professor on the effectiveness of Johann Bernard Basedow's method of education they agreed to educate their first born children by different methods to see how the results differed. Both children turned out to be girls. Dorothea Schlözer was given a non-Basedow regime, she had the best private tutors, and a rigorous curriculum made it possible for her to read at aged four. She was also educated in several languages from an early age, and by the age of 16 she had mastered 9 languages; French, English, Dutch, Swedish, Italian, Latin, Spanish, Hebrew and Greek. She studied mathematics under professor Kasner who was amazed at her abilities. She later studied botany, zoology, optics, religion, mining and mineralogy . In addition, she was given instruction in areas then thought to be typically female, such as playing the piano, singing, sewing, knitting, and cooking.
Women were usually not permitted to study at Göttingen University at that time, and Schlözer followed an extensive private examination by a faculty committee in the subjects of modern languages, mathematics, architecture, logic and metaphysics, classics, geography, and literature. She obtained her degree in the late 1780s.
Dorothea Schlözer differed from most learned women of the time who were thought of as neurotic and unfashionable; Schlözer was considered much more presentable. She knew how to sew and knit and understood how to run a household well.
She married a wealthy established merchant, Senator Mattheus Rodde in Lübeck in 1792 by whom she had three children. Henceforth, she wrote under the name of Rodde-Schlözer, the first use of the double surname in German. Their home became a centre for social and intellectual life attracting visitors from all over Germany and France.
Later in life she studied art in Paris and achieved a high standard. She was commissioned to paint a portrait of Kaiser Franz. She entered into a relationship with the French writer Charles Villers (1765–1815), in 1794, and lived semi publicly in a ménage à trois with her husband and Villers.
In 1810 her husband's business was declared bankrupt and he went into premature senility. This blow was followed by the death of Villers and two of her children. Weak with disease herself she moved to Avignon, France, seeking a milder climate and hoping to save the life of her only surviving daughter. She died there of pneumonia in 1825 aged 55.

</doc>
<doc id="20678239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678239" title="Dale Willis">
Dale Willis

Dale Jerome Willis (born May 29, 1938) is a former American college and professional baseball player who was a pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) for single season in 1963.
Willis was born in Calhoun, Georgia in 1938. He attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Dave Fuller's Florida Gators baseball team in 1955 and 1956. As a senior in 1956, he posted three consecutive games with ten or more strikeouts, averaged 11.9 strikeouts per game, and earned an All-SEC selection. He was later inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 1976.
Willis was signed by the Kansas City Athletics as an amateur free agent in 1960, and spent several years playing for their minor league affiliates. He played for the Athletics in . He appeared in twenty-five career games, and posted an 0–2 win-loss record with a 5.04 earned run average (ERA). Willis batted and threw right-handed.
After retiring from professional baseball, Willis worked in the construction equipment business and became a vice president of the Sims Crane & Equipment Company in Tampa, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20678246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678246" title="Mack (ship)">
Mack (ship)

In naval architecture, a Mack is a structure which combines the radar MAsts and the exhaust stACK of a surface ship, thereby saving the upper deck space used for separate funnels and the increasingly large lattice masts used to carry heavy radar aerials. The word itself is a composite of "mast" and "stack". It is a common design feature on postwar warships, (e.g. the rebuilt Baltimore class cruisers), and on some Cruise ships. 
The Royal Navy used this design feature on the 1944 Weapon class destroyers, and the subsequent "Daring"s, as well as the diesel-engined Type 41 "Cat" class and Type 61 "Cathedral" class frigates of the 1950s. It provided unbalanced and unattractive designs, which led to a reversion to separate masts and funnels in subsequent RN vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="20678247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678247" title="Howard Hawks filmography">
Howard Hawks filmography

Howard Hawks was a film director who made 46 films (two of which uncredited) between 1926 and 1970. He is responsible for classic films in genres ranging from film noir, screwball comedy, crime, science fiction and Western.

</doc>
<doc id="20678258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678258" title="Shosh">
Shosh

Shosh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20678272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678272" title="Reg Lawson">
Reg Lawson

Reginald Openshaw "Reg" Lawson (November 1880 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bolton. He played for Manchester United and Bolton Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="20678273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678273" title="Edvard Weie">
Edvard Weie

Viggo Thorvald Edvard Weie (1879-1943) was a Danish painter. His style was influenced by journeys to Italy (1907) and Paris (1912) where he came into contact with French impressionists such as Cézanne.
After returning to Denmark in 1912, he spent a period on the tiny island of Christiansø near Bornholm. He was one of the earliest participants in the Bornholm school of painters, contributing to landscapes and seascapes in a distinctive modernistic style. 
The greys of his earlier work soon gave way to brighter colours in his dramatic cubist compositions combining sea, rocks and figures, several including Poseidon, with violent brushstrokes. In his later work, the strokes can hardly be seen and his paintings seem to be characterised by mystic dreams. Finally he experimented with richer, glowing colours and lighter brushwork.

</doc>
<doc id="20678275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678275" title="Jordanhill Parish Church, Glasgow">
Jordanhill Parish Church, Glasgow

Jordanhill Parish Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland, serving Jordanhill in the west end of Glasgow, Scotland. It is within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Glasgow. The church building is located on Woodend Drive, Jordanhill.
History.
The congregation started as Hillhead Free Church in 1854, although it was initially a "preaching station" rather than a "sanctioned charge" of the Free Church of Scotland. The congregation initially met in a school in Knightswood Road, with the first building being constructed nearby in 1858. Following serious structural problems with the building (largely arising from coal mining in the area), a decision was made to move to a new site. The first services in the current building were held on 11 June 1905.
The name was changed to Jordanhill Free Church in 1888. Following the creation of the United Free Church of Scotland in 1900, the name was changed to Jordanhill United Free Church. The name again changed in 1929, following the union of the United Free Church with the Church of Scotland, becoming "Jordanhill Church of Scotland" and - from 1979 - simply "Jordanhill Parish Church". [http://jordanhillparishchurch.org.uk/index.phpoption=com_content&task=view&id=22&Itemid=40]

</doc>
<doc id="20678281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678281" title="Blood on the Arrow">
Blood on the Arrow

Blood on the Arrow is a 1964 western film starring Dale Robertson and Martha Hyer is about the sole survivor of an Apache ambush, who rides out to save a young boy who has been captured. It was directed by Sidney Salkow and written by Mark Hanna.
Plot.
A U.S. Cavalry patrol including prisoner Wade Cooper (Dale Robertson) is ambushed as they are crossing the territory of Arizona by the Coyotero, a savage Indian tribe of the Apache nation. All are killed except Cooper who is left for dead. He wanders across the wasteland and is found near collapse by Nancy Mailer (Martha Hyer) who brings him to the Trading Post run by her husband, Clint Mailer (Wendell Corey). Mailer recognized Cooper as a hunted man with a price on his head, and refuses to assist in his recovery from wounds until his wife convinces him that he will die unless given medical attention. Mailer who has discovered a rich vein of gold and is resolved to go to any length to protect his find, is now blind with suspicion, both over the gold and jealousy of his wife, with Cooper at the Post. 
As the tensions mount amongst the three, a Coyotero raid traps them and takes Mailers son, Tim (Dandy Curran) and holds him as hostage with the understanding that Mailer will deliver hundreds of rifles within seven days to the Indians for their continued warfare against the white man. Clint Mailer leaves to get the rifles and in the interim, Cooper and Nancy Mailer are drawn closer together with the revelation that Tim is not the son of Mailer. Mailer returns without rifles. Cooper then executes a plan involving the stealing of the rifles from the army post, placing them in the gold mine carefully leaving the mine booby trapped. The mine is blown up as the Indians approach it, Tim is rescued, Cooper and Nancy escape and set out to start a new life with Tim.

</doc>
<doc id="20678282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678282" title="Kurt Seibert">
Kurt Seibert

Kurt Elliot Seibert (born October 16, 1955 in Cheverly, Maryland) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. Seibert played for the Chicago Cubs in . In seven career games, he had no hits in two at-bats. He was a switch-hitter, who threw right-handed.
Seibert was drafted by the Cubs in the third round of the 1976 draft.
He attended Clemson University.

</doc>
<doc id="20678284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678284" title="2009 Detroit Shock season">
2009 Detroit Shock season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 12th for the Detroit Shock of the Women's National Basketball Association in the United States. The Shock attempted to win the WNBA Finals, tying the record for most championships with the Houston Comets (4), but failed in the conference finals. On June 15, 2009, head coach Bill Laimbeer resigned as head coach of the Detroit Shock, due to family reasons and the desire to become an NBA head coach. Though he was unable to secure an NBA head coaching position, ESPN reported on August 30 that Laimbeer was offered, and accepted, an assistant coach position with the Minnesota Timberwolves. Despite the early struggles, the 2008 champion Detroit Shock reached the playoffs for the seventh straight year. It would be the final year in Detroit, as the Shock were purchased by Tulsa Hoops, and new ownership moved the team to Tulsa for 2010.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Shock's 2008 record, they could have picked 11th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Shock waived their pick.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Shock's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20678304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678304" title="Wilfred Lievesley">
Wilfred Lievesley

Wilfred Lievesley (born 6 October 1902 - 21 February 1979) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Netherthorpe, Derbyshire. He played for Derby County, Manchester United, Exeter City, Wigan Borough and Cardiff City.

</doc>
<doc id="20678325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678325" title="Charles Rothwell">
Charles Rothwell

Charles Rothwell was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Newton Heath from 1893 to 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20678330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678330" title="Uncial 0299">
Uncial 0299

Uncial 0299 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 10th or 11th century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the John 20:1-7 in Greek and the text of the John 21:23-25 in Coptic, on 1 parchment leaf (). The text is written in two columns per page, 36-41 lines per page, in uncial letters. It contains a commentary.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th or 11th century.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 129,10, fol. 199) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20678333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678333" title="Hernán Encina">
Hernán Encina

Hernán Nicolás Encina (born 3 November 1982) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Rosario Central in the Argentine Primera División.
Career.
Born in Rosario, Encina made his league debut in 2001 for Rosario Central, he made over 50 appearances for the club before joining Mexican side Tecos in 2007, later that year he played for Atlas.
In 2008 Encina returned to Argentina where he played for Colón de Santa Fe and then Godoy Cruz.
On June 7, 2009 Encina will be joining Barcelona for the second part of the Ecuadorian Serie A. On 19 January 2010 Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata has obtained on loan for six months the 27-year old attacking midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20678336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678336" title="Irena Kočí">
Irena Kočí

Irena Kočí (born on 17 September 1955) is a Czech politician and the current member of the Chamber of Deputies for Czech Social Democratic Party. She replaced Michal Pohanka, former member of the Chamber for ČSSD, who left the Social Democratic caucus and used to vote with the government parties.
She took her matura exam at the secondary in Moravský Krumlov and continued at an economic secondary school in Brno.
Kočí joined Czech Social Democratic Party in 1998. In 2008, she was elected to the Council of the South Moravian Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20678337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678337" title="Tamil cinema and Dravidian politics">
Tamil cinema and Dravidian politics

Tamil cinema has played a vital role in Dravidian politics in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Films have been influential in Indian politics since the days of the British Raj, when movies were used for anti-British propaganda. Nevertheless, the leaders of the Indian National Congress viewed movie media with contempt. It was the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), a Dravidian party, that made extensive use of this media for propaganda purposes. Adversaries of Dravidian parties despised the use of films and screen popularity for political gain, and Congress leaders like K. Kamaraj questioned the possibility of movie stars forming governments.
C. N. Annadurai, the first Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from a Dravidian party, was the forerunner in introducing Dravidian ideologies into movie scripts. Of the movies made by Dravidian politicians "Parasakthi" (1952) was a turning point, as it was a huge box office hit and made radical comments against the social hierarchy set by the caste system and glorified the Dravidian movement. M. Karunanidhi,former Chief Minister, scripted the screen play for "Parasakthi", in which Sivaji Ganesan and S.S.Rajendran, two founding members of the DMK, made their screen debuts.
Movies produced by the DMK Party received severe censorship from the then ruling Congress government. According to Murasoli Maran, a former Union Minister from DMK, the censors would remove parts of the movies, so that the coherence of the screen play was lost, making the movies a box office failure. The script writers used equivocating phrases and words to evade the censorship.
Five out of seven chief ministers from Dravidian parties were actively involved in Tamil cinema either as writers or as actors. M. G. Ramachandran was the most successful. He launched his own Dravidian party after personal differences with the leaders of DMK, and rose to power as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu mostly with the help of his movie fans and low level cadres. The legacy of politics in Tamil filmdom still continues, though less prominently than in the 1950s to 1970s.
Background.
Dravidian movement.
The Dravidian movement was founded in 1925 by Periyar E. V. Ramasamy (popularly known as Periyar). The movement aimed to achieve a society where backward castes have equal human rights, and encouraging them to have self-respect in the context of a caste-based society that considered them to be at the lower end of the social hierarchy. In Tamil Nadu an array of regional parties, termed Dravidian parties, owe their origin either directly or indirectly to the Dravidian movement.
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its political rival All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) have been the major Dravidian parties.
One of the major platforms of the Dravidian movement was to achieve political change by means of awareness within the society in everyday life. Thus Dravidian politicians viewed film media as an apt vehicle to promote such a revolution.
Tamil cinema.
Tamil cinema, like its counterparts in other languages in India, is known as a melodramatic entertainment form plotted around twists of fate set in exaggerated locales, and filled with songs and dances.
Although a few stars from other southern states have tried to use film popularity as a stepping stone in politics, such as N. T. Rama Rao (Andhra Pradesh), Rajkumar (Karnataka) and Prem Nazir (Kerala), it was in Tamil Nadu that it was most prominent, with five of the seven Chief Ministers from Dravidian parties hailing from the Tamil film industry. In a state such as Tamil Nadu, where no single caste is predominant, film stars were considered people with wide acceptability to lead. According to Emeritus Professor K. Sivathamby, the movie halls themselves acted as a symbol of social equality. He states 
Politicizing Tamil cinema.
Early Tamil films were mainly based on mythological stories, and movies based on contemporary society started only in 1936. With the end of the era of silent movies in the 1930s many stage actors joined the Tamil cinema, and brought the ideologies of Gandhian philosophies with them.
Although the Congress party made use of movie stars such as K. B. Sundarambal to appear at political meetings, some congressmen of that era looked upon movie media with contempt. Tamil Congress leaders like C. Rajagopalachari considered movie media to be a source of moral corruption. K. Kamaraj, then president of the All India Congress, mocked DMK's desire to get into power in this statement: 
DMK and cinema.
Attempts made by some Congress leaders to use stars of Tamil cinema, however minimal, were limited since this media remained inaccessible to the rural population (who were in the majority). The politicising of movies by the Congress virtually stopped soon after Indian Independence in 1947. With the introduction of electricity to rural areas in the 1950s Dravidian politicians could implement movies as a major political organ.
In post colonial India, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) was the first – at the time the only – party to take advantage of visual movie media. Actors and writers of guerrilla theatre, who were inspired by the ideologies of Periyar, brought the philosophies of Tamil nationalism and anti-Brahminism to celluloid media. The movies not only made direct references to the independent Dravida Nadu that its leaders preached for but also at many times displayed party symbols within the movie. Murasoli Maran, former central minister from DMK, considered that the DMK movies reflected the faces of both the past (demonstrating the rich language and culture of Tamils) and the future (with social justice). The DMK films espoused Dravidian ideologies through use of lengthy dialogues in its initial movies. Nevertheless, as the party's political aspirations grew, the movies based on Dravidian social reformation themes were replaced with stories that would enhance star popularity.
Censorship in DMK movies.
The initial DMK movies were not victims of censorship since the party was little known to the censors, but as the party gained popularity in mid-1950s censorship became stronger. According to Murasoli Maran one of the techniques followed by the censors was to make sure that the coherence of the movie was lost so that it was a box office failure. At one point DMK, having had been a target of high censorship, had to move back to stage dramas. But the "Dramatic Licensing Act" brought censorship to stage plays as well, and two of Karunanidhi's plays were banned.
To evade censorship DMK scriptwriters chose to use puns and equivocal phrases. The most commonly used pun was "Anna" which is the word for "older brother" in Tamil and also was the popular name for DMK chief C. N. Annadurai. When "Anna" was praised on screen the audience would break into applause.
Script writers of DMK.
C. N. Annadurai.
The use of movie media as a major propaganda vehicle of Dravidian ideologies was first introduced by Annadurai, the founder chief of DMK, through his scripts. During his initial days with Dravidar Kazhagam, Annadurai wrote dramas which promoted social reforms and non-Brahmin self-respect ideologies. After the formation of DMK, Annadurai, along with E. V. K. Sampath (Periyar's nephew and one of the founders of DMK) and actor K. R. Ramaswamy, staged several plays promoting Dravidian ideologies. The DMK party's head office was purchased using the money raised through these plays. Annadurai scripted six screen plays in total.
His first movie was "Nallathambi" (Good Brother, 1948), which starred N. S. Krishnan. It promoted cooperative farming and the abolition of the zamindari system of taxation. His movies such as "Velaikaari" (Servant Maid, 1949) and "Or Iravu" carried the hallmarks of propaganda for Dravidian politics. On "Velaikari", Annadurai said that the movie 
"Velaikari" made direct criticisms of suppressive landlords who were traditionally allied with Jawaharlal Nehru and Gandhi. When DMK won the elections in 1967, Annadurai served as its first Chief Minister until his death in 1969.
Karunanidhi.
Karunanidhi, the other major leader from DMK, started his propaganda efforts with "Parasakthi" (1952). "Parasakthi" was a turning point in Tamil cinema, as until then most movies contained up to 55 songs and were mostly based on mythologies. "Parasakthi" was initially banned. When it was finally released in 1952 it emerged as a huge box office hit.
Like that of his political mentor Annadurai, Karunanidhi's movies carried elements of Dravidian political ideologies such as anti-Brahminism and anti Congress Party messages. Two of the movies that contained such messages were "Panam" and "Thangarathnam". The overall themes of the movies were remarriage of widows, untouchability, self-respect marriages, abolition of zamindari and abolition of religious hypocrisy.
Until 1949-50 Tamil film dialogues were in a Brahminical slang of the Tamil language. Annadurai and Karunanidhi introduced Tamil close to formal language and void of Sanskrit influence. According to Professor Robert Hardgrave Jr, the popularity of their movie dialogues made both Annadurai and Karunanidhi "stars in their own right." After the death of Annadurai, Karunanidhi assumed the office of the Chief Minister in Tamil Nadu, and with intermediate periods of in and out of power, he served his 5th term as the chief minister from 2006-2011.
Actors from Dravidian parties.
K. R. Ramaswamy.
K. R. Ramaswamy was a popular Tamil actor of both stage and screen in the 1940s and 50s. He was one of the founding leaders of the DMK and it was his earnings that initially financed the party. A talented singer and actor, he was called a "Nadipisai Pulavar" (acting and singing poet) by the popular masses. Improvements in technology in the film industry, including playback singing, along with personal problems ended the career of Ramaswamy. Nevertheless, he was nominated as a member of the Legislative Council (upper house of the State) by Annadurai in recognition of his service to the party.
N. S. Krishnan.
N. S. Krishnan, or NSK as he was popularly known, was a Tamil comic actor and, as the times then required, a talented singer. He was never officially a member of any Dravidian party, but served the DMK to a great extent. He was one of the few non-Brahmins of his era to be popular in a Brahmin-dominated Tamil film industry. His favourite character to play in the movies was a Brahmin buffoon, which he would also enact in DMK meetings. NSK was highly influenced by the ideologies of Periyar and sowed the seeds of anti-Brahmanism in his scripts. NSK served the cause of DMK so much that the last public gathering Annadurai ever attended was to unveil a statue of NSK at a busy intersession in Chennai.
M. R. Radha.
M. R. Radha was a stage actor and was popular through his roles as villain on screen. He was an ardent follower of Periyar and was close to most DMK leaders before they split from Dravidiar Kazhagam. Both Annadurai and Karunanidhi were part of M. R. Radha's troupe at different times and had even acted in his plays.
Sivaji Ganesan.
Sivaji Ganesan is a veteran actor of Tamil cinema. He started his acting career at the age of six and toured with various drama troupes including that of M. R. Radha. The actor himself was named Shivaji by Periyar E. V. Ramasami after his role portraying the Maratiya king in a play named "Chandra Mohan". In "Chandra Mohan" the Maratiya king triumphs over Brahmins and the role of the villainous Brahmin was played by Annadurai himself.
Sivaji Ganesan made his movie debut in 1952 with Parasakthi, which opens with a song that glorifies Dravidian culture. Sivaji was a Tamil, whereas at the time he entered the film industry most other major actors were Telugus. He later became one of the founding members of DMK. Although it was DMK movies that brought Sivaji to the limelight he found that the responsibilities that the party threw at him limited his acting career. His association with DK and with DMK gave him an atheistic reputation that acted as a barrier between him and the religious segment of the audience. Realising that DMK was no longer an asset to his career, he attacked it as a "glamour party" and broke party protocol by his pilgrimage to Tirumala Venkateswara Temple. With the growing popularity of MGR in the party, Sivaji left DMK and aligned with the Tamil Nationalist Party of E. V. K. Sampath. When the Tamil Nationalist Party was dissolved he joined the Congress Party. Although Congress itself lost in the elections in the 1967, Sivaji's fans kept the party alive. In spite of being an active member of the Congress party, he made sure his movies were free of political references. After differences with party leaders he launched his own party, Thamizhaga Munnetra Munnani, in 1989 but with little success, even losing his security deposit in the 1991 assembly election.
S. S. Rajendran.
S. S. Rajendran (known popularly as SSR) was initially a theatre artist like Shivaji who starred in many plays for Dravidar Kazhagam. Like Sivaji, he debuted in Parasakthi. Being one of the most popular stars of Tamil cinema in the 1950s and 60s, he raised funds for DMK and acted in movies glorifying Dravidian ideologies.SSR was the first elected member of legislative assembly among actors in India in 1962.Personal problems led to a fall in his film career and in politics. Having spent most of his earnings for the party he found himself in a deep financial crisis. His movie career brought another star of DMK, M. G. Ramachandran, to cross swords with him, and his political ambitions brought Karunanidhi against him. Sensing trouble in all quarters SSR made a highly political movie, Thangarathinam, to coincide with the 1967 election campaign to prove his loyalty to the party. The party won a landslide victory in the 1967 general elections, but soon after the elections the animosity between SSR and Karunanidhi deepened. SSR complained of threats to his life and eventually left DMK to join AIADMK along with his old friend MGR. His aspirations as a political stalwart and as a film superstar were overshadowed by M. G. Ramachandran.
M. G. Ramachandran.
M. G. Ramachandran (popularly known as MGR) was the foremost star for DMK propaganda during its peak and was politically the most successful of any film stars in India. MGR had a simple beginning in stage plays at the age of six. MGR was first invited by Annadurai to star in one of his movies in the 1950s. From then on MGR actively participated in the party's meetings. His films such as "Nadodi Mannan" (Vagabond King, 1958), "Enga Vitu Pillai" (Son of our House, 1965), "Nam Nadu" (Our Nation, 1969), "Adimai Penn" (Slave Girl, 1969) and "Engal Thangam" (Our Gold or Our Precious, 1970) displayed a stereotypical image of a philanthropic, mundane hero made out of a vagrant who becomes a king.
Unlike other DMK actors, MGR used his screen popularity in social works as well, which included financing the poor, running orphanages and participating in disaster relief. MGR's movies portrayed him as a friend of the poor and downtrodden. MGR himself commented 
MGR always acted as a hero and made sure that he was always portrayed in a good light on screen. With the departure of Sivaji Ganesan from DMK, MGR's position within the party grew stronger. In contrast to "Parasakthi", MGR's movies made less reference to social justice but dwelled more on contemporary political scenarios. The movies typically included references to "Dravida" and MGR would be clad in red and black (the DMK flag colours). In sharp contrast with earlier DMK movies where the overall theme was used for propaganda, in MGR's movies the protagonist was shown as a representative of the party ideology, who would fight against evil and support the poor. Thus he played roles that were directly relevant to the filmgoers and displayed himself as a symbol of the fulfilment of their own dreams. MGR, however, made sure that his social image, which he gained by independent charity and social works, did not get merged with that of DMK.
With his rising popularity with the common man MGR fell into controversy by referring to K. Kamaraj, the Congress leader, as "My leader". MGR resigned as a Member of Legislative Council. Soon after, the attendance of his then newly released movie dropped, with DMK supporters boycotting the movie.
Just before the 1967 general elections MGR was shot by M. R. Radha in a personal dispute. This incident gained support of sympathising voters for DMK in the days leading up to the elections. Professor Hardgrave claims that at the time of the shooting incident MGR's popularity was slowly declining and the incident helped him regain his stature with the masses as well as the party. Whether DMK gained with MGR's popularity or MGR gained popularity with the rise of DMK remains a question for debate.
Although MGR's charisma probably played a significant role in DMK's success, his popularity also cost the party much. When the party leaders tried to neutralise his powers, MGR launched his own party in 1972, the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, with support of the lower cadres alone. According to Professor Hardgrave one of the reasons for antipathy between MGR and the DMK leadership was Karunanidhi's attempt to bring his son M. K. Muthu into the party to replace MGR and to convert MGR fan clubs into Muthu fan clubs. The fictionalised account of the troubled relationship between Karunanidhi and MGR was later portrayed in the Tamil film Iruvar (The Duo) in 1997.
When MGR formed his own party, Karunanidhi underestimated MGR's popularity and commented on AIADMK as ""a successful movie’s 100-day run"". However, with the support from his fans and low cadres alone, MGR won the 1977 state elections with a landslide victory and continued to rule the state until his death in December 1987.
J. Jayalalitha.
Jayalalitha was one of the main leading ladies to pair with MGR on screen. She was inducted into AIADMK by MGR himself and frequently accompanied him to party rallies until MGR left for the United States for medical treatment in 1984. After his return, MGR was always accompanied by Janaki Ramachandran, his wife of forty years, until his death in 1987.
Soon after MGR's death, AIADMK was split between his widow Janaki Ramachandran and Jayalalitha. Although both factions had lost the elections, Jayalalitha's AIADMK won 27 seats when compared to just one won by Janaki's party. Following the election defeat, Janaki retired from active politics and the two party factions rejoined. Although a successful film star of yesteryear, according to Professor Sara Dickey, Jayalalitha's popularity in politics comes from MGR rather than her own success on screen. She served three terms as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, including the present term, as of 2011.
Later years.
In post MGR years, political reference in Tamil cinema had been less sporadic. Rajinikanth, one of the highest paid actors in India, supported the DMK and its ally Tamil Maanila Congress in the 1996 elections. His movie "Muthu" (1995) makes indirect reference to the then AIADMK head and Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Jayalalitha. His movies such as "Mannan" and "Padayappa" had characters which were politically identified with Jayalalitha. He later moved his allegiance to the Bharathiya Janata Party in 2004 Parliament Lok Sabha elections. Rajinikanth is no longer active in politics. Another leading actor of Tamil film land Kamal Hasan is a well known follower of Periyar.
Two recent film stars have launched their own parties. Of them Vijaya T. Rajendran was well known supporter of DMK for a long time, although he did not incorporate its ideas into the movies. After a personal feud with the DMK leadership he launched his own party All India Latchiya Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam in 2004. The other Tamil film star being Vijayakanth who had earlier converted his fan clubs into social service organisations, initially as "typical, Dravidian, for-the-Tamils".
His party, Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam is now placing itself as an alternative to main-stream Dravidian parties.He is the Tamil Nadu opposite party president(Ethir Katchi Thalaivar).
Vijayakanth himself is from a pro-Congress family.

</doc>
<doc id="20678343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678343" title="W. H. Conn">
W. H. Conn

William H. Conn (1895–1973) was an Irish cartoonist, illustrator, watercolourist and poster artist. The son of a lithographer, he was educated at the Ulster Provincial School, now Friends' School, Lisburn. From 1936 he was a staff artist for the "Belfast Telegraph" and its sports sister paper "Ireland's Saturday Night", creating a regular strip, "The Doings of Larry O'Hooligan", for the latter. He drew a monthly full-page illustration (two pages in the Christmas edition) for "Dublin Opinion" magazine, sometimes satirical, sometimes observational scenes of rural and urban Irish life, sometimes ghostly gothic scenes, and also contributed spot cartoons. He created colour posters for Northern Ireland Railways and exhibited his watercolours and black and white drawings. He died on 25 August 1973 after a three-year illness. He was a lifelong bachelor.

</doc>
<doc id="20678348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678348" title="Vincent Korda">
Vincent Korda

Vincent Korda (22 June 1897 – 4 January 1979) was a Hungarian-born art director, later settling in Britain. Born in Túrkeve in the then Austro-Hungarian Empire, he was the younger brother of Alexander and Zoltán Korda. He was nominated for four Academy Awards, winning once.
He died in London, England. He is the father of novelist Michael Korda.
Academy Awards.
Korda won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for three more:

</doc>
<doc id="20678359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678359" title="Ken Vining">
Ken Vining

Ken Vining (born December 5, 1974 in Decatur, Georgia) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Vining played for the Chicago White Sox in . In 8 career games, he had a 0-0 record with a 17.55 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Vining was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 4th round of the 1996 amateur draft. He was one of six prospects traded to the White Sox in the infamous White Flag Trade.
Education.
He attended Clemson University.
He attended Cardinal Newman High School in Columbia, SC

</doc>
<doc id="20678360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678360" title="Ernest Street">
Ernest Street

Ernest Street (born 1878 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Altrincham, Greater Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Sale Homefield.

</doc>
<doc id="20678374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678374" title="GTŻ Grudziądz">
GTŻ Grudziądz

Grudziądzki Klub Motocyklowy GKM S.A is a Polish motorcycle speedway team based in Grudziądz who currently race in First League (2nd division).
2012 Squad.
Seniors:
Under-21 Juniors:

</doc>
<doc id="20678396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678396" title="The Ace of Spades">
The Ace of Spades

The Ace of Spades is a 1935 British drama film directed by George Pearson and starring Michael Hogan, Dorothy Boyd and Richard Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="20678405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678405" title="Ernie Thompson (footballer)">
Ernie Thompson (footballer)

John Ernest "Ernie" Thompson (born 21 June 1909 - 28 December 1985) was an English footballer. His regular position was forward. He was born in Newbiggin-by-the-Sea, Northumberland. He played for Manchester United, Newbiggin, Ashington, Stakeford United, Carlisle United, Bristol City, Bath City, Blackburn Rovers, and Gateshead.

</doc>
<doc id="20678410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678410" title="James Dow (footballer)">
James Dow (footballer)

James Frazer Dow (27 March 1889 - 1972) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender for Huddersfield Town and Carlisle United. He was born in Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="20678413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678413" title="Deloitte Novice Hurdle">
Deloitte Novice Hurdle

The Deloitte Novice Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Leopardstown over a distance of about 2 miles and 2 furlongs (3,621 metres), and during its running there are nine hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in February.
The race was established in 1987, and during its early years it was sponsored by Paddy Power and Le Coq Hardi. The current sponsor, Deloitte, has supported the event since 1992. The race continued as the Deloitte and Touche Novice Hurdle until 2003, and it has been known by its present title since 2004.
Winners of the Deloitte Novice Hurdle usually go on to compete in either the Supreme Novices' Hurdle or the Neptune Investment Management Novices' Hurdle. Those to have also achieved victory in one of those races are Danoli, Istabraq, Like-a-Butterfly and Brave Inca.

</doc>
<doc id="20678420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678420" title="Horace Thomas">
Horace Thomas

Horace Wyndham Thomas (28 July 1890 – 3 September 1916) was a Welsh international rugby union fly-half who played club rugby for Swansea. He won just two caps for Wales, and was one of thirteen Welsh internationals to die in conflict during World War I.
Rugby career.
Thomas was born to a rector from Bettws, Bridgend, but moved to England when he gained a place at King's College, Cambridge after winning a choral scholarship. At Cambridge, Thomas studied History and was a keen sportsman. He played cricket for the Cambridge seconds, represented the athletics team and won a Blue at rugby. While playing for Cambridge he was first selected to represent Wales in 1912 in a game against the touring South African team. When Thomas was selected for the South African game he was chosen against a stipulated agreement, that stated that no Welsh player could be chosen to represent the country if they played within the London area, but did not play for London Welsh. Eight selectors travelled to Cambridge to watch Thomas play in a Varsity match which saw Cambridge victorious for the first time in seven years. The Thursday before the game, Thomas was named in the squad at a conference at the Queens's Hotel in Cardiff. Wales lost the game 3-0, but at one point after Thomas attempted a drop goal, the crowd mistakenly believing that the kick had succeeded, cheered thinking that Thomas had won the game for Wales.
Thomas would play only one more game for Wales, under the captaincy of Tommy Vile, in the team's opening match of the 1913 Five Nations Championship against England. Wales lost the game and Thomas ended his international rugby career without a win. Thomas left Britain to take up a post in Calcutta. While in Calcutta he joined and later became captain of the Calcutta Football Club.
International matches played.
Wales
Later life.
In 1916 Thomas volunteered to serve his country in World War I. He reached the rank of Second Lieutenant within the Rifle Brigade and was killed in battle at Guillemont in September 1916. His body was never recovered and he is commemorated at the Thiepval Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20678427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678427" title="Joe Williams (English footballer)">
Joe Williams (English footballer)

Joseph Williams (born 1873 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Crewe, Cheshire. He played for Manchester United and Macclesfield Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20678447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678447" title="Sabine Englert">
Sabine Englert

Sabine Englert (born 27 November 1981) is a German team handball goalkeeper from Aschaffenburg, Bavaria. She has previously played for the Austrian club "Hypo Niederösterreich", and on the German national team. But now she plays for FC Midtjylland Håndbold. 
International career.
Englert made her debut on the German team in 2001. She received a bronze medal at the 2007 World Championship.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where Germany finished 11th.
Club career.
Englert was Austrian champion with "Hypo Niederösterreich" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20678453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678453" title="Dublin Opinion">
Dublin Opinion

Dublin Opinion was an Irish satirical magazine, published monthly from 1922 to 1968. It was founded by cartoonists Arthur Booth and Charles E. Kelly and writer Thomas J. Collins. Booth was its first editor, and drew the covers of the early issues. The first issue was launched on 1 March 1922, and its entire print run of 3,000 sold out. The next issue sold poorly, but from the third issue the magazine was distributed by Eason & Son and sales improved, rising to 40,000 per issue within four years, and 60,000 at its peak.
Launched on the eve of the Irish Civil War, the magazine's editorial stance was carefully balanced between Free Staters and Republicans, and its satire was generally gentle, albeit less so when it came to Britain and northern Unionists. Booth's cartoons were sombre, focusing on the destruction caused by the war and the unemployment that followed, while Kelly's were more playful. Collins wrote most of the text pieces under a variety of pseudonyms, including Paul Jones, Clement Molyneaux, Lycurgus and Epictetus. After Booth's death in 1928, Kelly and Collins took over as joint editors.
"Dublin Opinion" was a showcase for Irish cartooning, including Bill Glenn's regular "Ballyscunnion" scraperboard cartoon, and work by W. H. Conn, Rowel Friers, Grace Gifford and many others, but by the mid-1960s, its popularity had begun to wane. Kelly and Collins wound up the magazine in 1967 and sold it to Louis O'Sullivan in 1968, under whose ownership it returned briefly, edited by Lelia Doolan and Joe Dowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20678456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678456" title="Lorimer Dods">
Lorimer Dods

Sir Lorimer Fenton Dods LVO (7 March 19007 March 1981) was a pioneer of specialised health care for children who founded, with assistance from Dr John Fulton and Douglas Burrows, the Children's Medical Research Foundation (now the Children's Medical Research Institute). He is considered one of Australia's most influential paediatricians.
Biography.
Lorimer Dods was born on 7 March 1900 in Southport, Queensland, the son of architect Robin Dods and Mary Dods. In 1914, when he was thirteen, his family moved to Sydney and he was enrolled at Sydney Church of England Grammar School (Shore), where he remained until 1917. After Shore, he entered the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Sydney from which he graduated in 1923. After graduation, he spent a few months in the surgical wards and pathology department of the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital before a one-year appointment as senior resident medical officer at Royal Newcastle Hospital. In December 1925 at the end of his year's appointment, he sailed on the SS "Moreton Bay" as the ship's surgeon between London and Sydney. When he returned to Sydney in 1926, he began to work as a general practitioner at 233 New South Head Road, living in a flat behind the surgery.
On 26 February 1927, he married Margaret Kathleen Walsh, the second daughter of Alice and Western Walsh. On 17 November 1927, they had their first child, daughter Rosemary Lorimer Dods. A son, Robert Lorimer Western Dods (known as Robin), was born on 11 August 1930.
In 1936, after 11 years, Dods gave up private practice, spending a year working as a child specialist at the Children's Hospital, Birmingham, UK. In 1937 Dods qualified as Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians (FRACP) and in 1938 became an honorary physician at the Royal Hospital for Women, Paddington.
He joined the 2nd AIF as a medical officer on 12 October 1939, with the rank of captain. He was stationed at the 1st Australian General Hospital in Gaza, Palestine. He returned from the war in late 1945 as a Lieutenant-Colonel. He returned to private practice in 1946, the same year he became personal paediatric physician to then Governor-General of Australia, Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, and his two young boys.
On 7 June 1977, his wife died of a cerebral haemorrhage at their Palm Beach house, aged 74.
On 12 February 1981, at his home in Edgecliff, New South Wales, Dods fell and fractured two ribs. He was admitted to St Luke's Hospital where his condition gradually deteriorated. He died on his 81st birthday, 7 March 1981.
Recognition.
He was awarded a Carnegie Fellowship in Medicine in 1947.
On 25 February 1947 he was appointed a Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (LVO) for his service as Honorary Physician to the Duke of Gloucester.
In 1949, the year the Australian Paedriatic Society was founded, he was appointed Australia's first Professor of Child Health.
Lorimer Dods was knighted by Sir Dallas Brooks on 6 August 1962, having been named a Knight Bachelor in the 1962 New Year's Honours.
In 1967, he was voted Australian Father of the Year.
In 1976, he was featured on the Channel 7 TV show 'This Is Your Life'.
Portraits by Vladas Meskenas and Judy Cassab hang in the Lorimer Dods Lecture Theatre, Westmead and the Children's Medical Research Institute, Westmead respectively.
Five days before he died, a film on his life's work was finished by Tony Culliton and Michael Morton-Evans for Channel 7.
His biography "Beloved Physician", written by daughter Rosemary, was published in July 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20678459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678459" title="Anna C. Little">
Anna C. Little

Anna Campbell Little (born September 23, 1967) is an American Republican Party politician who served as mayor of Highlands, New Jersey from 2008 through 2010, and who has previously served on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders. She ran for congress in New Jersey's 6th congressional district, and lost to Democratic incumbent Frank Pallone . She began her campaign as a "Tea Party Approved" candidate.
Personal life.
Mayor Little was raised in Middletown Township, New Jersey and educated locally at the Harmony School, St. Catherine's, St. Mary's, Thompson Junior High School, and Middletown High School South.
She received her Bachelor of Arts Degree in Modern Languages at Seton Hall University, and is fluent in Spanish and French with a working knowledge of Japanese and Russian. She completed her Juris Doctor degree at Seton Hall University School of Law, and studied at Sophia University, Tokyo.
She is currently an attorney in private practice with offices in Highlands.
Her community involvement has included membership in the St. Agnes Church Choir, as Trustee of the Joann Frielinghaus Memorial Scholarship Fund, the Baykeeper's Oyster Reseeding Project, The Historical Society of Highlands, the Highlands Republican Club, the Highlands Community Singers and as a choir member at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church.
Political career.
In the 2002 general election, Anna Little was elected to the Highlands Borough Council, and was reelected in 2005. She resigned from the council on September 20, 2006.
Freeholder.
On February 25, 2006, Little was selected by the Monmouth County Republican Executive Committee to the unexpired term of Freeholder Amy Handlin, who had resigned to take a seat in the New Jersey General Assembly. In November 2006, she was elected to the remaining year of the unexpired term.
Mayor.
In 2007, Richard W. O'Neil, the incumbent mayor of Highlands withdrew his name from the ballot, and the Highlands Republican Party selected Little to take his place. She was elected Mayor of Highlands, New Jersey in the 2007 general election.
Congress.
On April 12, 2010, Mayor Little filed her nomination by petition to run as a Republican in New Jersey's 6th Congressional District Republican primary on June 8, 2010. On June 15, 2010, it was announced that Mayor Little won the Republican primary against Rumson, NJ businesswoman Diane Gooch on June 8, 2010. Little only won by 84 votes. Gooch did not seek a recount and endorsed Little.
On November 3, 2010, Pallone defeated Little by over 16,000 votes, 55% to 43%. However, for the first time in his career, Pallone failed to carry his home county of Monmouth and Anna Little failed to carry her hometown of Highlands, NJ.
In 2012, Little announced that she would be a candidate for Congress again. On June 5, she won the nomination to face Pallone for the second time [http://www.nj.com/news/index.ssf/2012/06/republican_will_challenge_fran.html].
On November 6, 2012 Pallone defeated Little again, 63% to 35%.

</doc>
<doc id="20678468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678468" title="William Yates (footballer)">
William Yates (footballer)

William Yates (born 1883 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Birmingham. He played for Manchester United, Aston Villa, Brighton & Hove Albion, and Heart of Midlothian.

</doc>
<doc id="20678471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678471" title="Fred Fayers">
Fred Fayers

Frederick L. "Fred" or "Tiny" Fayers (21 September 1890 – 4 February 1954) was an English footballer. He was born in King's Lynn, Norfolk, and died in Huddersfield, Yorkshire. A central defender or right half, Fayers played at amateur level for Northern Nomads, St Albans City, Watford and Huddersfield Town. He turned professional six months after joining Huddersfield. Following the resumption of peacetime football in 1918, Fayers played professionally for Stockport County, Manchester City and Halifax Town, whom he also coached. During his time at Watford and Huddersfield, Fayers represented England nine times at amateur level, scoring three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20678488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678488" title="2005 NECBL season">
2005 NECBL season

The 2005 NECBL season was the twelfth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league reduced its membership from thirteen teams to twelve teams with the league's West Warwick, Rhode Island franchise, the Riverpoint Royals, dropping out of the league. Also, the league's Hinsdale, Massachusetts franchise, the Berkshire Dukes, moved to Pittsfield, Massachusetts and became the Pittsfield Dukes.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Newport defeated Danbury 2-0 (3-2,8-0), North Adams defeated Manchester 2-1 (5-3,4-5,2-1), Keene defeated Sanford 2-0 (2-1,6-3), and Vermont defeated Holyoke 2-0 (9-0,8-2). In the semifinal rounds, Newport defeated North Adams 2-0 (7-1,3-2) and Vermont defeated Keene 2-1 (7-5,0-7,5-1). In the championship round, Newport defeated Vermont 11-2 in game 1 and 6-2 in game 2 to capture the NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20678492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678492" title="Simeón Ola">
Simeón Ola

Simeón Ola y Arboleda (September 2, 1865 – February 14, 1952) was a hero of the Philippine Revolution and the last general to surrender to American forces during the Philippine-American War.
Biography.
Simeon Ola was born on September 2, 1865 to Vicente Ola and Apolonia Arboleda, who were ordinary citizens with little money. He was enrolled in Holy Rosary Minor Seminary and studied Philosophy, but didn't finish the course. He joined the local branch of the Katipunan in his hometown province of Albay and later became the leader. With the help of a parish priest he was able to acquire arms to support his men. He was promoted to the rank of captain after the battle of Camalig in Albay, 1898 and again promoted to the rank of major after a daring ambush mission that led to the capture of three Americans. He was also the leader of the subsequent valiant attacks on Albay towns namely, Oas, Ligao and Jovellar. He later surrendered on the condition that his men would be granted amnesty. He was put on trial and was proven guilty of sedition and was sentenced to thirty years in prison. In 1904, he was given a pardon and returned to his place of birth and became the municipal president. The regional police command in Legazpi City was named after him.
Death.
Simeon Ola died on February 14, 1952 and was interred at the Roman Catholic Cemetery of Guinobatan.

</doc>
<doc id="20678499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678499" title="Bitter Sweet (1940 film)">
Bitter Sweet (1940 film)

Bitter Sweet is a 1940 American Technicolor musical film directed by W. S. Van Dyke, based on the operetta "Bitter Sweet" by Noël Coward. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, one for Best Cinematography and the other for Best Art Direction by Cedric Gibbons and John S. Detlie.
The film is based on Coward's stage operetta, which was a hit in 1929 in London. It was filmed twice, first in 1933 in black-and-white (in Britain, with Anna Neagle and Fernand Gravet in the leading roles). The 1940 film is much cut and rewritten, removing much of the operetta's irony. The opening and closing scenes are cut, focusing the film squarely upon the relationship between MacDonald's character, Sarah, and her music teacher, Carl Linden. The opening scene was a flash forward, in which Sarah appears as an elderly woman recalling how she fell in love. One reason for dropping this scene is that it had been appropriated for MGM's 1937 film "Maytime". Coward disliked the 1940 film and vowed that no more of his shows would be filmed in Hollywood.
Plot.
Set in late 19th century Vienna, the story focuses on the romance between music teacher Carl Linden (Nelson Eddy) and his prize pupil Sarah Milick (Jeanette MacDonald).

</doc>
<doc id="20678521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678521" title="Righteous Ties">
Righteous Ties

Righteous Ties () is a 2006 South Korean film.
Plot.
Chi-sung, a gangster, is sent to prison for seven years after stabbing a man on orders from his boss. But his boss betrays him and tries to have him killed, though the attempt is unsuccessful and Chi-sung manages to escape. His childhood friend Joo-joong is given the task of tracking him down, forcing him to choose between his friendship and loyalty to his gang.
Release.
"Righteous Ties" was released in South Korea on October 19, 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 450,134 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 1,744,677 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of November 12, 2006) of .

</doc>
<doc id="20678554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678554" title="Sunrise Dam Gold Mine">
Sunrise Dam Gold Mine

The Sunrise Dam Gold Mine is located 55 km south of Laverton, Western Australia. It is fully owned by AngloGold Ashanti. In 2007, it accounted for 11% of the company's production.
The mine is currently the company's only Australian operation. A second Australian project, the Tropicana Gold Mine, is in development and scheduled to open in 2013.
History.
The gold deposit at Sunrise Dam was discovered in August 1988 and gold mining operations started in 1995, mining ore in an open pit, the "Mega Pit", which, in 2008, had reached a depth of 440 metres. In March 1997, the first gold was poured at the mine. In 1999, AngloGold acquired the mine through a takeover of Acacia Resources Ltd, a move that also gained it a 33% stake in the Boddington project, which it sold in early 2009 for $1.5 billion. Acacia, formerly Billiton PLC, was delisted from the Australian Stock Market on 11 January 2000.
In 2003, underground operations commenced.
In 2006, AngloGold signed a contract for conversion of its diesel power generators to liquefied natural gas as a cost-saving matter as well as to protect the environment.
In the June quarter of 2009, the mine produced 94,000 ounces of gold, a slight reduction to the previous quarter. At the same time, cost fell by 24% due to the use of existing stockpiles.
During 2009, AngloGold discussed the option of processing ore from the "Fortitude" deposit, 36 km south of Sunrise Dam and owned by Midas Resources, at the mine.
The majority of the mine workers are on a fly-in fly-out roster, with Skippers Aviation providing a charter service twice-daily from Monday to Friday.
Production.
Past production figures were:

</doc>
<doc id="20678557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678557" title="Romana Calligaris">
Romana Calligaris

Romana Calligaris (15 December 1924 – 21 April 2002) was an Italian freestyle swimmer. She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics. 
At the games of 1952 she was eliminated in the final standings of both the 100 metre freestyle and 4x100 m freestyle relay.
The pool which hosted the European SC Championships 2005 in Trieste is named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="20678577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678577" title="Charles E. Kelly (cartoonist)">
Charles E. Kelly (cartoonist)

Charles Edward Kelly (15 June 1902–20 January 1981) was an Irish cartoonist, and one of the founders and editors of the satirical magazine "Dublin Opinion". His prolific contributions to the magazine were drawn in a variety of styles, from cartoony to illustrative.
Kelly joined the Irish civil service as a messenger boy at the age of 15. At the age of 19 he, fellow cartoonist Arthur Booth, a 28-year-old clerk, and writer Tom Collins, founded "Dublin Opinion" in 1922, on the eve of the Irish Civil War, with Booth becoming its first editor. Kelly had no formal art training, and developed his style by studying the work of the leading cartoonists of the time. After Booth's death in 1926, Kelly co-edited the magazine with Collins, while continuing to work in the civil service, eventually becoming Director of Broadcasting and Director of National Savings. 
Kelly's cartoons were also published in "The Capuchin Annual" from 1942 to 1955. He began painting watercolours in the 1930s, and became a member of the Dublin Sketching Club and the Water Colour Society of Ireland: he exhibited over 60 pieces at the latter from 1941 to 1980, and had a solo exhibition of his watercolours in Dublin in 1972.
After Collins' death Kelly struggled on with "Dublin Opinion" for a few years, before it was voluntarily wound up in 1968. He received an honorary doctorate from the National University of Ireland in 1979, and was president and chairman of PEN.
His eldest son, Frank Kelly, is an actor best known for playing Father Jack in the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted". His daughter, Pauline Bracken, is a journalist who wrote a memoir, "Light of Other Days: A Dublin Childhood", published in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20678579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678579" title="Justice Scott">
Justice Scott

Justice Scott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20678581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678581" title="Medal of Recognition 1940-1945">
Medal of Recognition 1940-1945

The Medal of Recognition 1940-1945 (Dutch: "Erkentelijkheidsmedaille 1940-1945") is a royal medal of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, which has been established by Royal Decree at 9 February 1946. The decoration exists in two classes, which of silver and bronze. It is awarded to those, who in the period of 1940 up to 1945 fought for the Dutch cause at occupied Netherlands, thinking of aid to the Dutch or Dutch institutions, or after the war helping the relieve of distress of persons who have suffered seriously from the occupation. 
Design.
The decoration exists of a round medal with a diameter of 29 millimeter, covered by a royal crown. The metal of the medal is silver or bronze according to the class. At the front Androcles is portrayed that releases the lion from the thorn. The edge inscription of the front is " SIBI BENEFACIT QUI BENEFACIT AMICO" (those who helps a friend, helps himself). On the back of the medal the Dutch lion is visible with the edge inscription " POPULUS BATAVUS GRATO ANIMO" (the grateful Dutch people). The medal hangs on 27 millimeter broad ribbon of oranje which has a white lane in the middle of 5 millimeter. The ribbon bar of this medal is orange with a broad white lane in the middle, on which a small silver crown has been placed for the class silver and a bronze crown for the bronze class.

</doc>
<doc id="20678589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678589" title="A Kiss to Build a Dream On">
A Kiss to Build a Dream On

"A Kiss to Build a Dream On" is a song composed by Bert Kalmar, Harry Ruby and Oscar Hammerstein II in 1935. It was recorded by Louis Armstrong in 1951. It was also performed by Armstrong as well as by Mickey Rooney with William Demarest, by Sally Forrest, and by Kay Brown (virtually the entire cast performed part or all of the song) in the 1951 film "The Strip," and was a sort of recurring theme in the film. Another popular recording was made by one of the movies guest-stars, Monica Lewis, and in early 1952, the version by Hugo Winterhalter and his Orchestra, with vocalist Johnny Parker, made it to the Pop 20 chart in the United States.
Sung by Richard Chamberlain, the song gained considerable exposure due to its being on the 'B' side of his 1962 hit: "Theme from Dr. Kildare (Three Stars Will Shine Tonight)".
Rod Stewart covered the song in his 2004 album, .

</doc>
<doc id="20678613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678613" title="Royal Enfield Bullet">
Royal Enfield Bullet

The Royal Enfield Bullet was originally a British overhead valve single cylinder four-stroke motorcycle made by Royal Enfield in Redditch, West Midlands, but now produced by Royal Enfield Motors, the successor to the British company, at Chennai, Tamil Nadu, in India. The Royal Enfield Bullet has the longest production run of any motorcycle having remained continuously in production since 1948. The Bullet marque is even older, and has passed 75 years of continuous production. The Royal Enfield and Bullet names derive from the company's links with the Royal Small Arms Factory in Enfield, London.
Evolution.
The Bullet has evolved from a four-valve engine with exposed valve-gear to the latest all-alloy unit construction engine with electronic fuel-injection.
1931–1939.
Introduced in 1931 as a four-stroke single cylinder motorcycle, this model was the first to feature the Bullet name. It differed in a number of ways from its successors (which are now familiar): it had an inclined engine with exposed valve gear featuring four valves per cylinder with 350 cc and 500 cc options. In 1933, a 250 cc option was also added to the range. Its frame was also considerably different, having centre-spring girder front forks, being among a new range of models from Royal Enfield that featured them, along with a saddle-type fuel tank. However, common to motorcycles of this period, it had a rigid rear-end, necessitating a 'sprung' seat for the rider, which resulted in the iconic look of the motorcycle that is much replicated today, even though the sprung seat is unnecessary in modern models.
After competition success the 350 cc Royal Enfield Bullet was bought by the British Army for dispatch riders and 3,000 were also supplied to the RAF during the Second World War.
1939–1949.
This model refreshed Royal Enfield's model line-up for 1939. It differed in cosmetic details, as well as in having two rocker boxes, which resulted in higher volumetric efficiency for the engine. The basic design with front girder forks was retained.
1949–1956.
A number of changes were implemented in order to bring the bike up-to-date. This model featured a vertical engine with alloy head and higher compression. The frame was changed to a fully sprung design using a swing-arm with non-adjustable hydraulic shockers at the rear, while the front used a brand-new telescopic fork of Royal Enfield's own design. This enabled the introduction of a bench seat made of simple foam and with no large springs. Power transmission was via the same four-speed Albion gearbox as the previous model, with a unique 'neutral-finder' lever the rider could press from any gear other than first to shift to neutral. The crankshaft continued to have a fully floating big-end bearing. The headlight assembly was enclosed with the speedometer and ammeter into a nacelle, which also served as the attachment of the front suspension as well as the handlebars. An otherwise similar model, but with engine displacement of 499 cc, made its debut in 1953.
The prototype had done well in a performance trial and went on to win the trophy at the 1948 International Six Days Trial and two Bullet riders won gold medals. In 1952 Johnny Brittain won the Scottish Six Days Trial on a Royal Enfield Bullet and in 1953 he also won the International Six Days Trial without losing a single point.
In 1949, the Indian Army ordered Royal Enfield Bullets for border patrol use and the company decided to open a factory in Madras. In 1955, the 350 cc Bullets were sent from the Redditch factory in kit form for assembly in India, but Enfield India Ltd. soon developed the factory and produced complete motorcycles independently under licence. The 1955 model remained almost unchanged for years and Madras produced over 20,000 Bullets annually.
1956–1964.
In 1955, Royal Enfield carried out some retooling and redesign at their Redditch plant, in the UK, to modernise the Bullet, and in 1959 some changes were made to the gear ratios. These changes, however, were not incorporated by the Indian arm due to its commitment to supply the Indian Army. Thus the British and Indian lines diverged, never to meet again.
Between 1956 and 1960, the British Bullet was released in several models, including a 350 cc Trials "works replica" version, a 350 cc "Clipper" model and in 1958 the "Airflow" version. This model had full weather protection from a large fibreglass fairing and included panniers for touring. The design was developed in partnership with British Plastics and featured as a series in "The Motor Cycle" magazine. The engines were the same and the only differences were in exhaust, seating, instrumentation, handlebars and fuel tank. Numerous technical improvements were also made, including moving to alternator charging (1956) and coil ignition (1960). The 350 cc model continued in production, but the 500 cc model was discontinued in 1961. In 1962, the UK company was sold and the Bullet discontinued and in 1967, the Redditch factory closed. Finally, in 1970, Royal Enfield closed down completely. 
1995–1997.
Under the newly appointed CEO of Enfield India, Siddhartha Lal, Eicher undertook major investment in the ailing firm. This was started with the purchase of trademark and intellectual property rights of the defunct British Royal Enfield firm, changing the name of the company to Royal Enfield Motors. Many management and production changes were made, with the production process being streamlined and excess capacity redistributed. Without the large-scale Army/Law Enforcement orders to bail the company out, there was only the individual sales route in which the company had to perform if it were to survive at all. The company also faced the difficult task of catering to a very diverse market. To preserve the Bullet's nature and reputation as a classic British bike, as the Raja Gaadi, and to attract youngsters away from the newly appeared performance motorcycle market, the Bullet marque was split up into two. The Bullet Standard 350 featured all the increased manufacturing quality and reliability but was maintained in the traditional 'Bullet' look, available only in black. A new model, available in more colours and chrome accents, CDI electronic ignition, and gas-charged shock absorbers - but with the same engine and gearbox as the Standard - was launched. This model was called the 'Bullet Electra'. The Electra 350 went on to become the best-selling Royal Enfield model, accounting for around half the company's sales.
Alongside these developments, Austrian engine firm AVL was contracted to produce an all-alloy engine suitable as a drop-in replacement for the cast-iron block original engine (with design dating from 1955). The first bike with this engine was launched as the "Bullet Machismo 350". This engine did not sell well in the Indian market; many prospective buyers were surveyd as saying that it didn't sound the same as the old engine, lacking the 'thump' noise of its predecessor. The engine did succeed in the Thunderbird model, a chopper style cruiser from Royal Enfield Motors. Also seen was the introduction of a disc-brake on the front wheel as a factory option domestically, and standard on exported models.
1997–2007.
Ever tighter European emission norms forced the Bullet Standard 350 to end 2007 as its last model year in the EU, so when on-hand stocks were all sold the British-design engined Bullet became no longer available new. All new models exclusively featured the AVL 'lean-burn' engine. The introduction of a five-speed gearbox meant that Royal Enfield could 'fix' one of the long-standing quirks of the Bullet design—the foot-brake is on the left side while the gearshift is on the right. Accordingly, the Bullet Machismo 350 was equipped with this gearbox. However, the 'left-shift' gearchange provoked a backlash from Indian Bullet customers, forcing the company to not only continue the Bullet Standard with the traditional system, but even on the Electra it was offered only as an option, leading to the Electra four-speed (traditional) and Electra five-speed (left-shift) variants. Sales figures indicated that Indian Bullet customers had shunned the new gearbox, foregoing even the attraction of five-speed transmission to keep the gearshift traditional. However, it became standard fitment on all exported models. New developments included the addition of electric start as an option on some models, while standard on others. In 2007 and 2008, a limited edition, heavily accessorised 500 cc lean-burn Machismo 500 was produced. The Machismo 350 was discontinued.
Since 2007.
As a result of work spanning several years, a new set of engines was introduced. These were the Unit Construction Engines (UCE). The 350 cc UCE found use in the domestic model Thunderbird TwinSpark in a configuration with two sparkplugs per cylinder, with integrated 5-speed left-shift gearbox. It has not been featured on any of the Bullet models, domestic or otherwise. By 2011, the old cast-iron engine had been completely phased out, including in the Standard 350 model. Now all Royal Enfield bikes are only available with the all-aluminium UCE engine. 
The 500 cc UCE features fuel injection, and has greater power than any Royal Enfield 500 cc motor. The 500 cc UCE, with an integrated five-speed gearbox, powers the current Bullet Classic model. Starting in 2009, this engine was available only in the EU to satisfy emissions regulations, but it is available in the United States under two frame models, the Bullet Classic C5, or the Bullet G5, which looks similar and shares paneling with the earlier AVL Electra models. In 2011 a third export model, the B5, was introduced combining the newer 500 cc UCE engine with the traditional Indian domestic tank and frame.
Custom models.
Swiss motorcycle tuner Fritz W. Egli, a distributor of Royal Enfield motorcycles, was approached by a customer to create the ultimate Egli Super Bullet. The basis for this bike was Egli’s central tube frame constructed from nickel-plated chromium-molybdenum steel and the engine was completely redesigned with a longer stroke crankshaft (105 mm), special main bearings, dry clutch, timing belt primary drive. 36 mm Keihin flat-slide carburettors were added to provide an output of from a 624 cc engine fed via an electric pump.

</doc>
<doc id="20678630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678630" title="Dave Chisnall">
Dave Chisnall

Dave Chisnall (born 12 September 1980) is an English professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) events. He began his career participating in the British Darts Organisation (BDO) and was the runner-up in their World Championship in 2010. He switched to the PDC a year later and has won seven Pro Tour events. Since his switch to the PDC Chisnall is probably best known for defeating Phil Taylor in the 2012 World Championship and for reaching the final of the 2013 World Grand Prix where he was beaten 6–0 by Taylor.
Career.
Early career.
Chisnall was brought up in St Helens and played for a local football team until he was 17 when he broke his foot. He switched to darts and first played in a friend's bedroom, throwing 100 in his first ever visit to the board.
His debut in BDO events came at the 2004 Welsh Open Welsh Open, losing in the last 32 to Alan Tabern. In 2007, he won the 2007 BDO Gold Cup, beating Scotland captain Mike Veitch in the semi-finals and Welshman Matthew Quinlan in the final. Chisnall then fell two games short of qualifying for the 2008 BDO World Championship, losing to Robert Thornton. A few days later Chisnall was again beaten by Thornton in the Winmau World Masters.
In 2008, Chisnall won the Isle of Man Open, beating Ted Hankey in the quarter-finals and Gary Robson in the semis before defeating Robert Hughes in the final. After his match against Hankey, the 2000 BDO World Champion advised Chisnall to turn professional. He later went on to win the England National Championship.
Chisnall won one of five qualification spots for the 2009 BDO World Championship, beating Stewart Rattray to qualify. The next day he took part in the 2008 Winmau World Masters but lost in the first round to fellow Lakeside qualifier Daryl Gurney of Northern Ireland. In the World Championship, Chisnall gave Martin Adams a tough match, losing 3–5 in the deciding set to the number three seed.
BDO Breakthrough.
In September 2009, Chisnall won back-to-back titles claiming the Welsh Masters with a 5–1 victory over Tony O'Shea, and the British Open, knocking out BDO World Champion Ted Hankey in the earlier rounds before beating Martin Atkins 2–0 in the final. These successes helped him finish top of the BDO International Grand Prix Series.
He competed in the qualifying rounds for the 2010 BDO World Championship but was beaten by Stuart Kellett. He did, however, qualify through the BDO Invitational Rankings (ironically, Kellett himself failed to qualify). 
He produced an outstanding run to reach the final of the 2010 World Championship beating number four seed Darryl Fitton in the opening round and Tony West in the second round. Having been 4–1 down to defending champion and number five seed Ted Hankey, Chisnall produced a comeback to reach the semi finals 5–4. After losing the first two sets in the semi-final against top seed Tony O'Shea, he came back again to win 6–3 and reached his first World Championship final, where he was defeated 7–5 by number three seed, and Masters champion, Martin Adams.
Chisnall qualified for the 2010 Grand Slam of Darts as a result of his World Championship final, winning his first match against Simon Whitlock before subsequent defeats by Robert Thornton and Colin Osborne saw him exit the tournament. In the 2011 BDO World Darts Championship he lost 4–1 in sets in the second round to Gary Robson. 
PDC career.
Chisnall entered the Professional Darts Corporation Q School in January 2011. He won a PDC tour card on the first day by defeating Terry Temple 6–2 in his final match. He played in his first PDC event in Halle, Germany and hit a nine-dart finish but went on to lose to Vincent van der Voort 6–5 in the last 64. In the Derby Pro Tour events he reached the quarter-finals on both days of the weekend but was defeated by Jamie Caven 6–3 and Wes Newton 6–4 respectively. A month later at the second UK Open Qualifier of the year Chisnall reached his first PDC final where he was edged out 6–5 by Michael Smith in the final, but the result did ensure him spot at the UK Open. He hit his second nine-darter of the season in the seventh UK open qualifier.
In the Eddie Cox memorial Players Championship in Barnsley he reached the semi-finals after defeating Dennis Ovens, Mark Walsh and John Part before a subsequent defeat to Paul Nicholson 6–5 after missing five darts for the match.
The following day in the Bobby Bourn Memorial Players Championship he got to the final before being beaten by Andy Smith by 6 legs to 2. Despite the loss he had done enough to qualify for the World Matchplay in his debut season on the tour.
At the UK Open he entered the competition in the third round and defeated Richard North 9–2 and Ronnie Baxter 9–7 whilst hitting an 102 average. He went on to defeat John Bowles in the fifth round 9–4, before losing to eventual runner-up Wes Newton 10–8 in the quarter-finals.
Chisnall lost in the first round of the 2011 World Matchplay 10–3 against Mark Walsh, but still broke into the top 50 in the order of merit for the first time. He defeated Jelle Klaasen in the first round of the European Championship, but then lost 10–5 against Adrian Lewis in a match where both players averaged over 100. In September, Chisnall reached the final of the fourth Dutch Players Championship of the year and lost 6–4 to Richie Burnett. Chisnall was defeated 2–1 in the first round of the 2011 Grand Prix by Alan Tabern after missing 13 darts at doubles to win the match, a television record which stood until 2013.
He won his first PDC title at a Players Championship event in Crawley by defeating Justin Pipe 6–4 in the final. He then reached the quarter-finals of the Players Championship Finals after avenging his loss to Alan Tabern at the World Grand Prix, beating Co Stompe before losing 9–8 to Mark Webster in a tight game.
2012.
Chisnall defeated Mark Dudbridge 3–0 to make the perfect start to his first PDC World Championship in the 2012 playing of the event. He played 15-time World Champion Phil Taylor in the second round and produced a stunning performance to win 4–1 and set up a last 16 meeting with Andy Hamilton. The only other players to have beaten Taylor in the PDC World Championship outside of the final, Wayne Mardle and Mark Webster both went on to lose their following matches, and Chisnall joined this club as he was whitewashed 4–0 by Hamilton.
His exploits in 2011 and in the World Championship saw him named PDC Best Newcomer at the annual awards ceremony on 3 January.
He began the year with an exceptional start on the tour reaching the final of the second UK Open qualifier, where he lost 6–1 to Michael van Gerwen who hit a nine-dart finish during the match. He then reached the final of the fourth Players Championship after whitewashing Andy Hamilton in the quarter-finals and defeating Steve Beaton in the semi to face Phil Taylor in a repeat of their World Championship clash. He defeated him 6–5 to maintain his 100% record against Taylor and claimed his second professional PDC title. He won the next Players Championship too, defeating the likes of Raymond van Barneveld and Terry Jenkins, before sealing the title with a 6–2 win over Ian White. The very next day, Chisnall won the third title of his season at the sixth Players Championship event with a 6–4 success over Justin Pipe in the final.
During the European Tour Event 1 in Austria, Chisnall scored eight maximums, and four 140's to hit a 113.09 average in a 6–3 win over Kevin Painter, before losing to James Wade in the semi-finals.
Chisnall enjoyed comfortable wins over Mark Layton, Dennis Smith, Simon Whitlock and Raymond van Barneveld to reach his first PDC major event semi-final at the UK Open. He faced Robert Thornton, but with the scores level at 2–2 early on Chisnall lost seven of the next eight legs and would bow out of the event with a 10–4 defeat. In the second European Tour event of the season Chisnall reached the final having earlier posted a 108.35 average in his second round match against Michael Rosenauer. He also beat Terry Jenkins, Mervyn King and Whitlock to play Taylor in the final. There Chisnall suffered his first defeat to Taylor, losing 6–2. The performance saw him break into the top 16 on the PDC Order of Merit for the first time, meaning he gained automatic qualification into the World Matchplay. He then won his fourth Players Championship of the year in Crawley with a 6–4 victory over Ronnie Baxter. Chisnall lost his second successive European Tour final at Event 3 in Düsseldorf following a 6–4 defeat to van Barneveld. His average of 82.16 in the final was the lowest of his tournament by over 10 points. Chisnall then suffered a 10–7 first round defeat to Baxter in the first round of the World Matchplay, and lost 3–1 in sets in the second round of the World Grand Prix to Mervyn King. Chisnall qualified from Group 6 of the Championship League and finished fourth in the Winners Group to reach the play-offs on leg difference over Justin Pipe and Baxter who, like Chisnall, had won three of their seven league games. In the semi-finals he faced Taylor and was whitewashed 6–0 with his opponent averaging 112.73. But he then beat Taylor 6–3 in the final of the 19th Players Championship, with Chisnall this time scoring the higher average of 111.80 to Taylor's 105.57. He also beat the in-form Michael van Gerwen in the semi-finals, with the title securing his place atop the ProTour Order of Merit and therefore he was the number one seed for the Players Championship Finals, where he was surprisingly whitewashed 6–0 by Wayne Jones in the first round. Chisnall was later named the Best PDC Pro Tour Player for his five tournament victories in 2012.
2013.
Chisnall lost in the last 16 of the World Championship for the second successive year in 2013. He came from a set down three times against Simon Whitlock to force a deciding set which he led 3–2, before Whitlock took out a crucial 152 finish and then won two successive legs to knock Chisnall out. He reached the final of the first UK Open Qualifier of the year, but lost 6–2 to Michael van Gerwen. At the UK Open itself he lost 9–2 to James Wade in the fourth round, and at the European Championship he was whitewashed 6–0 by Jamie Caven in the first round who averaged 106. At the World Matchplay he saw off Paul Nicholson 10–8 and gained revenge over Caven by defeating him 13–10 to reach the quarter-finals of the event for the first time. He played Michael van Gerwen and had chances to move 7–3 ahead but missed and even though he took out a finish of 144 and had an 11 dart leg he was beaten 16–11. In September, Chisnall won his first title since November last year at the German Darts Championship. He required deciding legs to advance through each of his first four matches, before beating Steve Beaton 6–4 in the semi-finals with an average of 106.30 and Peter Wright 6–2 in the final. He called the title the highlight of his career to date and moved up to a career high seventh on the Order of Merit. Chisnall faced Wright in a final for the second consecutive tournament at the seventh Players Championship of the season in Barnsley and won again, this time by a 6–5 scoreline.
At the World Grand Prix Chisnall reached his first PDC major final in the event where every leg must be started and finished by hitting a double. He beat Ian White 2–1 and Wayne Jones 3–1 in the first two rounds. In the quarter-finals Chisnall produced the match of his career to date against Michael van Gerwen. He led the Dutchman 2–0 and missed a dart to win 3–1 as the match was levelled at 2–2. However, Chisnall kept his composure to win the deciding set with a match total of ten 180s to Van Gerwen's two. Chisnall played the slow-paced Justin Pipe in the semi-finals and struggled for rhythm early on as he trailed 2–1. From there he only conceded two more legs as he won 5–2 and faced ten time winner of the event Taylor in the final. Chisnall had a disaster as he lost each of the five opening sets without winning a leg. He finally won his first leg of the match at the start of the sixth set when Taylor could not hit an opening double. The usually prolific 180 hitter Chisnall scored his first two legs later but it was not enough as Taylor won the match 6–0. Afterwards Chisnall called it the best and worst night of his career. His run did earn him a spot in the Grand Slam of Darts, but he lost all three of his games against Michael Smith, Ted Hankey and Scott Waites to finish bottom of Group H. Later in the month, Chisnall won his third title of the year at the 15th Players Championship by beating Robert Thornton 6–3.
2014.
Chisnall fought back from 2–0 down in the first round of the 2014 World Championship against John Henderson to level at 2–2. However, he missed a total of four darts to win the match during the deciding set to suffer a shock defeat. Despite his early exit, Chisnall will play in his first Premier League this year as he was awarded a PDC wildcard for the event.
Personal life.
He met his partner Michaela who also plays darts at the St. Anne's Open in 2008. In September 2011, she gave birth to his first daughter named Lexie Rose. He is sponsored by BR Property Services and is good friends with professional player Stephen Bunting Chisnall is originally from St Helens but now lives in Morecambe. 

</doc>
<doc id="20678657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678657" title="Kræsten Iversen">
Kræsten Iversen

Kristen "Kræsten" Iversen (1886–1955) was a Danish artist who is remembered both for his paintings and his painted glass windows.
While studying at Copenhagen's Technical Academy, he quickly developed contacts with the artists of the day. By 1919, his colourful work was already being successfully exhibited. In 1920, he visited Bornholm for the first time where the natural colours and distinctive light influenced his landscapes. He thus became one of the Bornholm school of painters. 
His first work with glass was for the church in Risskov. Iversen also designed the window in the North Chapel at Fårevejle Church. He went on to decorate the windows of the Danish church in Buenos Aires. 
He decorated a number of other buildings including Christiansborg, the city hall in Aarhus and the windows of Sankt Nikolaj's church in Svendborg. 
Iversen was exceptionally diversified in his art work which covered oils, frescos, watercolours, mosaics and glass painting.

</doc>
<doc id="20678658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678658" title="Arthur Booth (cartoonist)">
Arthur Booth (cartoonist)

Arthur James Conry Booth (1892–1928) was an Irish cartoonist and one of the founders of the satirical magazine "Dublin Opinion". Born in Dublin, he was educated at the Catholic University School and joined the Dublin United Transport Company. Through his interest in amateur dramatics, he met fellow cartoonist Charles E. Kelly and writer Thomas J. Collins, and decided to start a humorous journal. Booth resigned his job to become editor, and drew the covers as well as interior cartoons.
"Dublin Opinion" was launched on 1 March 1922, on the eve of the Irish Civil War, and within four years it was selling 40,000 per issue. Booths cartoons tended to be sombre, concentrating on the destruction caused by the Civil War and the unemployment that followed. He died of pneumonia at the age of 33, leaving a widow and three children. Thereafter, Kelly and Collins became joint editors of "Dublin Opinion".

</doc>
<doc id="20678667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678667" title="Start Gniezno">
Start Gniezno

Towarzystwo Żużlowe Start Gniezno () is a Polish motorcycle speedway team based in Gniezno who currently race in First League (2nd division).
Chairman: Arkadiusz Rusiecki
2012 Squad.
Seniors:
Under-21 Juniors:
Coach:
Manager:

</doc>
<doc id="20678676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678676" title="1974–75 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1974–75 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1974–75 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 48th season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing twenty-first, suffering relegation to Division Three.

</doc>
<doc id="20678679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678679" title="Iain Hook">
Iain Hook

Iain John Hook (1948 – 22 November 2002) was working for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) as project manager in the rebuilding of Jenin Refugee Camp in West Bank, which was home to 13,000 Palestinian refugees. He was shot and killed by an Israel Defense Forces sniper, during a battle in Jenin on 22 November 2002. A United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israel was vetoed by the United States. In 2005 an English inquest jury returned a verdict of unlawful killing.
Early life.
Iain John Hook (born in 1948, Essex) of Felixstowe, Suffolk, was married and father of three sons and a daughter; two of his sons are British military officers. Prior to his work for the United Nations, Iain Hook was a British paratrooper. Hook supervised the reconstruction of a hospital complex in Pristina, Kosovo, in 1999, and also worked on projects in East Timor, Afghanistan, and Serbia.
Death and subsequent events.
UNRWA Work.
Iain Hook was working for United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), which is "created to administer Palestinian refugee camps set up after the 1948 Arab-Israeli war", and which was home to 13,000 Palestinian refugees, as project manager in rebuilding of Jenin refugee camp in West Bank. In October 2002, Hook arrived at the Palestinian refugee camp in Jenin to oversee the rebuilding of the camp.
Death of Iain Hook.
On November 22, 2002, Hook left a voice message with Israeli authorities that gunmen had "knocked a hole in the wall" and "pinned down" his men. During a gun-battle with Islamic Jihad militants whom Israel says were firing at troops from inside the UN compound, an Israeli military sniper killed Hook. Israeli Army radio claimed that the sniper who killed him mistook his cell phone for a handgun or grenade. The United Nations stated that there were no gunmen at the compound, and claims that the shooting was a mere mistake; Hook was shot in the back by a sniper with a scoped rifle, from a distance of 20 meters. Co-workers evacuated Hook through the hole in the wall, but he died of a gunshot wound to the abdomen before reaching a hospital.
Ambulance controversy.
United Nations immediately arranged an ambulance for patient evacuation but Israeli soldiers on the field delayed the ambulance sent to evacuate Hook and changed its route.
The UNRWA statement was later echoed by then UN secretary-general, Kofi Annan in New York, while Israel military officials have denied the charge. Socialist Worker stated that the army forced the ambulance to wait 25 minutes while Hook "bled to death".
Diplomatic response.
Israeli Foreign Minister Benjamin Netanyahu telephoned the British Foreign Minister, Jack Straw to express regrets over Hook's death. The United States vetoed "with regret" a United Nation Security Council resolution proposed by Syria condemning Israel for the killing; there were 12 votes in favor of the resolution, and 2 abstentions, in the 15 nation vote. United States ambassador John M. Negroponte said Syria and the Palestinians seemed "more intent on condemning Israeli occupation than on ensuring the safety of United Nations personnel." UN Secretary General Kofi Annan released a statement demanding that Israel punish those responsible for the killing. Israel, however, found that "no criminal act had been committed" and no criminal charges were filed.
More than sixty United Nations workers wrote a letter criticizing Israeli troops for "senseless" and "wanton" behavior, complaining of abuse and humiliation. Israel responded by releasing to newspapers what the "New York Times" called a "damning intelligence report" alleging UNRWA operations being used as cover for "Palestinian terrorists", including smuggling arms in UN ambulances and hosting meetings of Tanzim in UN buildings. The United Nations internal report on the matter was the subject of controversy: the initial version stated that peace activists in the compound were bringing young Palestinian men into the compound through a hole in the wall. Following protests by UNWRA staff the claim was dropped from the report.
Judicial investigation.
Coroner Dr Peter Dean opened the inquest at Ipswich Crown Court. In 2005, Irish human rights activist Caoimhe Butterly gave written eyewitness testimony in the inquest into the killing of Iain Hook by an Israeli military sniper. After the court proceedings jurors unanimously handed the verdict that Israeli military was fully accountable for unlawful killing of Iain Hook. Dr Peter Hansen, former Commissioner General of the UNRWA, said that "over the past four years 13 UNRWA workers, including Mr. Hook, had been shot in similar circumstances by the Israeli army". In a statement after the verdict, Paul Wolstenholme, a colleague of Hook who was in the compound at time of the shooting, said the Israeli sniper would have known he was not a Palestinian. "It was not a case of mistaken identity, it was a deliberate act," he said.
Payment.
The Israeli government made an "ex gratia" payment to the Hook family in an agreement with the British government. The Foreign Office (UK) did not reveal the details under the Freedom of Information Act for "releasing information on the death that could damage Britain's relations with another state", while John Gillan, of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office claimed other information on the death could not be released which is related to the "formulation or development of government policy."

</doc>
<doc id="20678692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678692" title="Brian Brady (baseball)">
Brian Brady (baseball)

Brian Phelan Brady (born July 11, 1962) is a former right fielder in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the California Angels during the season. Listed at 5' 11", 185 lb., Brady batted and threw left-handed. A native of Elmhurst, New York, he attended New York Institute of Technology.
Brady was selected by the California Angels in the 6th round of the 1984 amateur draft. He spent six years in the Angels minor league system, playing for Salem (1984), Redwood (1985), Midland (1986–87) and Edmonton (1988), before joining the big team in April 1989.
In two games for the Angels, Brady hit 1-for-2 (a double) with one run batted in for a .500 batting average. He was returned to Edmonton for the rest of the 1989 season. After that, he played for the 1990 Phoenix Firebirds of the Pacific Coast League. In seven minor league seasons, he hit .269 with 49 home runs, 312 RBI, and a .341 on-base percentage in 670 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20678711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678711" title="Medical deemed universities">
Medical deemed universities

In India, a Deemed university is an institution that has attained status of university in particular area of specialization recognised by the University Grants Commission (UGC) on recommendation of statutory council (for example Medical Council of India (MCI) Delhi for medical education, All India Council for Technical Education Delhi for technical education, Dental Council of India Delhi for dental education, Council of Architecture Delhi for architecture and design education, Central Council of Homoeopathy Delhi for homeopathic medical education, CCIM Delhi for education in Indian system of medicine, Indian Nursing Council Delhi for nursing education, National Council for Teacher Education delhi for education in teacher training, Distance Education Council Delhi for distance education, Pharmacy Council of India) hence Medical deemed university means a medical institution attains the status of university by UGC in area of medical sciences as specialisation on recommendation of Medical Council of India to award degrees and diplomas in medicine.
Contribution.
In recent years, medical deemed universities made many contributions in medical education, especially in accident and emergency medicine Sri ramachandra university was first university to introduce M.D (Accident & Emergency Medicine) since the program is not under MCI purview because accident and emergency medicine is not a specialty as per the IMC act but a M.D degree awarded by Sri Ramachandra University is recognised by MHRD and AIU since Sri Ramachandra University is a member of the association of Indian universities AIU it will be recognised for higher studies and jobs. similarly Vinayaka Mission University Salem introduced this program and made an off-shore campus in Thailand to offer an international program in medicine(MBBS) under UGC recognition as per MCI norms and similarly MAHE has made an offshore campus in Malaysia to offer an international program in medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20678722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678722" title="Fred Flatow">
Fred Flatow

Alfred (Fred) Flatow (born 28 August 1937 in Berlin) is an Australian chess master and former Australian Chess Champion.
Flatow was born in Germany, and emigrated to Australia. He was eleven times City of Sydney Champion (1963, 1967, 1968 (jointly), 1969, 1970, 1972, 1975 (jointly), 1981 (jointly), 1982, 1983, and 1985), and won the Australian Chess Championship at Sydney 1969/70. He also won twice the Doeberl Cup in Canberra in 1970 (jointly) and 1972.
He twice played for Australia in Chess Olympiads, at Lugano 1968 and Skopje 1972.
Flatow holds the FIDE Master title.

</doc>
<doc id="20678728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678728" title="Nallamala Hills">
Nallamala Hills

The Nallamalas () (also called the Nallamalla Range) are a section of the Eastern Ghats which stretch primarily over Kurnool, Mahabubnagar, Guntur, Prakasam and Kadapa districts of the state of Andhra Pradesh, India. They run in a nearly north-south alignment, parallel to the Coromandel Coast for close to 430 km between the rivers, Krishna and Pennar. Its northern boundaries are marked by the flat Palnadu basin while in the south it merges with the Tirupati hills. An extremely old system, the hills have been extensively weathered and eroded over the years. The average elevation today is about 520 m which reaches 1100 m at Bhairani Konda and 1048 m at Gundla Brahmeswara. Both of these peaks are in a north westerly direction from the town of Cumbum. There are also many other peaks above 800 m. The nallamalla hills are said to have derived its name from "Nalla-malai"(good-hills/Tamil). The connection to Nallamalla forest ranges travel down south touching the state of Tamil Nadu, and there are also connected to the northern forests of Adilabad, through a forest route, though it is not exactly revealed how. Over a period of History conjoining all the three present states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, a legend survives that "Nallamalla" is a treasure trove in the region. The Legend continues to a large extent, since some of the tribes living within Nallamalla have practically refused to take up civil living and are hostile towards a non-tribals or rival tribals, and also because these ranges are largely unexplored and stay unexplored even till date. The difficulty of finding in this terrain is made more clear that even with sophisticated finding equipments, the Late Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh practically laid dead and unfound for more than 24 hours in the helicopter crash that killed him.
Geology.
The rocks of the Nallamala ranges belong to the Kadapa system which is a series some 20,000 ft. thick. The primary rocks are Quartzite overlaid with an irregular slaty formation. Some sandstone is also to be found. The rocks here are very irregular and soft in texture thus rendering commercial exploitation impossible. These rocks are among the oldest in the world and have been formed as a result of large scale volcanic activity hundreds of millions of years ago. The evidence of the volcanic forces are evident in the foldings into which the rocks have been forced, in some cases the folds have been completely inverted.
Climate.
The Nallamalas have a rather warm to hot climate throughout the year. Rainfall averages about 90 cm and is concentrated in the months of the South West Monsoon (June–September). The fissured rocks prevent any water from percolating underground and hence most of the discharge runs off as mountain streams to join the Gundlakamma River, the largest river to arise in these hills. Winters are mostly cool and dry with the average temperature around 25 degrees celsius.
Geography and land use.
These hills are almost completely covered with open jungle. Lack of water prevents the growth of large trees and the prevalent vegetation consists of "Terminalia, Hardwickia" and "Pterocarpus". Agriculture is almost non existent apart from isolated patches near villages where subsistence farming is practiced. The Nallamala Forests are probably the largest stretch of undisturbed forest in South India apart from the Western Ghats and were particularly rich in game till the 1970s. A large part of the forest is a part of the Nagarjunsagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve that has a viable tiger population. Leopard sightings too are not uncommon. Many of the adventures of the popular wildlife writer, Kenneth Anderson are set in these forests.
Population.
The uneven terrain and the scarcity of water has prevented the growth of any large cities in this region. Nandyal is the largest town in this area and giddalur is the second largest town near by it. The indigenous population consists of the Chenchus, a forest dwelling tribe who have remained cut off from the modern world even today. Farming is the primary occupation of the people in the plateaus while the Chenchus are still hunter gatherers.
The hills were a hotbed of Naxal activities until recently. Police action since 2005 has all but cleared the forest of them.
Transport.
A state highway and the Vijayawada-Guntakal line of the South Central Railway pass through the hills. The railway was first built by the Madras and Southern Mahratta Railway and is a feat of engineering, having 2 tunnels at Bogada and Chelama and a few viaducts, the most famous being the now abandoned Dorabavi Viaduct. The railway enters the hills at the Nandikama Pass near Cumbum Lake. The highway follows a zig zag alignment and thus avoids any tunnels. The primary exports of this region are forest produce like timber waste, honey and molasses.
Places of interest.
Srisailam on the River Krishna is the site of a large hydroelectric power project as also an ancient and much revered temple dedicated to Lord Shiva.<br>
Mahanandi temple and Ahobilam Nava Narsimha Temple's.<br>
A stream descends down the Gundla Brahmeswara peak and ends in a beautiful waterfall and sacred pool called Nemaligundam (Peacock Pool). <br>
The Mallela Theertham waterfall on the river Krishna is also located in this forest.<br>
The Cumbum Lake is one of Asia's oldest man made lakes and dates back to the 15th century.This was built by the Gajapati kings of Orissa for irrigating about 420 km2 farmland by damming a narrow opening between two adjoining hills and later renovated by queen Vardarajamma of Vijayanagara kingdom in 16th.Century.
On 2 September 2009, a Bell-430 chopper carrying the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy, with two pilots, a chief security officer and secretary went missing in the Nallamala forest. After nearly twenty four hours of search by police, para military, Indian Army, Indian Air Force, India Space Research Organization among others, the chopper was located in mangled and burnt state on the top of the 800 ft.Pavuralla Konda (Doves' hill). All the five people died in the crash owing to inclement weather condition .

</doc>
<doc id="20678731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678731" title="Your Bad Self">
Your Bad Self

Your Bad Self is an Irish sketch comedy show which originally aired on RTÉ Two on 26 December 2008 at 21:40 before being developed into a series which aired in 2010.
History.
"Your Bad Self" stars Domhnall Gleeson as well as Michael McElhatton, Justine Mitchell and Peter McDonald. The show is produced by Ben Kelly for Treasure Entertainment ("I Went Down" and "Mad About Dog") and was co-written by director John Butler, producer Ben Kelly, Eoin Williams, Justine Mitchell and Emily Fairman. It is directed by John Butler, the co-writer and director of "George" and "Spacemen Three" for the Irish Film Board.
In June 2009, RTÉ commissioned a six-part series of "Your Bad Self". The series will be filmed towards the end of 2009 and broadcast early in 2010. Amy Huberman and Andrew Bennett from "Your Bad Self" appeared on "The Cafe" on 8 January 2010.
Reaction.
Declan Lynch of the "Irish Independent" compared "Your Bad Self" to its similar BBC counterpart "The Fast Show", judging it to be "highly-nuanced and deeply intelligent comedy". His counterpart John Boland sat through it in "stony silence". Paul Whittington said it was "fresh and original" with a "good and dark" tone.

</doc>
<doc id="20678757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678757" title="Nigel Spencer">
Nigel Spencer

Nigel Spencer is a writer, translator, and professor of English living in Montréal, Quebec, Canada. He has thrice received the Canadian Governor General's Literary Award for translation, in 2002, 2007, and 2012. He was also awarded a 'Proclamation of Recognition' by President Lansana Conté of the Republic of Guinea.
Education.
He was born in England in 1945 and raised in London and in Montreal, Canada. He received a B.A. (Honours in English) from McGill University and an M.A. in English from the University of Toronto, as well as pursuing doctoral studies in Drama at the University of Toronto). He also took courses in teacher training at Concordia University and the University of Sherbrooke. He received a McGill University Entrance Scholarship, a Canada Council Graduate Fellowship, a University College (Toronto) Teaching Fellowship, and a Residency at Banff International Literary Translation Centre.
Career.
As Advisor to the Minister of Education of the Republic of Guinea, he was responsible for researching and re-instituting the teaching of English at the high school and university levels from 1985 to 1987. He was given a Proclamation of Recognition by President Lansana Conté (Republic of Guinea, West Africa) in 1987.
Most of his career has been spent as a professor of English including: the Collège international des Marcellines 2008; the State University of New York at Plattsburgh 2005; Champlain Regional College 1974−2006; University of Sherbrooke (first known bilingual Comparative Canadian Dramaturgy course) 1976; Teaching Fellow, University College, University of Toronto 1968−71; Co-ordinator of the first-year programme, English Department, Champlain College 1976−78, 1988−89.
Since 1997, he has worked increasingly as a translator of stories and plays by Marie-Claire Blais and others, including Poet Laureate Pauline MIchel:
He has written the subtitles for numerous films including "A Season in the Life of Emmanuel", "Raoul Wallenberg:The Angel of Budapest", "Illuminations: Marie-Claire Blais" (in which he also appears), various documentaries for Bravo! Channel, "The Other Side of Mount Royal" (with script collaboration), and educational films (with accompanying material).
He has appeared as an actor at the University of Toronto, the St. Lawrence Centre, the Old Firehall and other venues in Toronto. He has performed with the Touring Players Foundation (in both French and English), the Lindsay Festival, the Piggery in North Hatley and the Lennoxville Players.
A selection of Spencer's poems, titled "After-Images", was published in "Rampike Magazine" in 1998.
He has also been a journalist, a presenter at the Governor General's Lit. Awards, a jury member and chairman for various literary prizes, an organizer and speaker at numerous conferences and seminars, a teachers' union president, a director, plus co-founder of a theatre company and a literary magazine.
He is currently translator for the Montreal Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20678788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678788" title="Bernard Barnjak">
Bernard Barnjak

Bernard Barnjak (born 1 May 1965 in Sarajevo) is a retired Bosnian footballer who played as a centre forward.
Club career.
Barnjak played for FK Sarajevo and Hajduk Split in the Yugoslav First League. In 1990, he moved abroad for the first time, joining CD Castellón in La Liga. Unsettled in Spain, he quickly returned to his first professional team.
In the 1991 summer, Barnjak signed for F.C. Famalicão, alongside teammate Dane Kuprešanin. Regularly used during three seasons, he helped the club to consecutive top flight campaigns. 
Barnjak closed out his career at 33, after two years apiece with Greek outfits Apollon Smyrnis FC (second division) and Paniliakos FC (first).

</doc>
<doc id="20678792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678792" title="Mercurius Civicus">
Mercurius Civicus

Mercurius Civicus: Londons Intelligencer, or, Truth impartially related from thence to the whole Kingdome to prevent mis-information (Latin: "The City Mercury") was an English Civil War weekly newspaper appearing on Thursdays from 4 May 1643 to 10 December 1646 published by John Wright and Thomas Bates. Each number consisted of one quarto sheet folded to make up four leaves, and was priced at one penny. Beginning with the third issue, the front page was usually illustrated with one or two woodcuts, usually of some political or military leader’s portrait (although the same cut was often used for different persons), making it the first illustrated journal. It is regarded as the "first big city newspaper".
Parliament passed an ordinance on 14 June 1643 requiring that all news pamphlets be entered into the Stationers Registry, after which "Mercurius Civicus" suspended publication for a month after the sixth issue appeared on 16 June. It resumed publication a month later on 13 July. Toward the end of that year Wright transferred his interest to his son, John Wright, Jr., after which the imprint appeared as "Thomas Bates and J.W.J." until a few months before publication ceased, when only Bates's name is found.
The author of "Mercurius Civicus" was identified only by his initials, R. C., but Joseph George Muddiman identified the editor as Richard Collings, which was confirmed by Joseph Frank by the use of rhymed headlines on the title-page and of a hand to indicate important items. Collings also authored "The Kingdomes Weekly Intelligencer: sent abroad to prevent mis-information", which appeared on Tuesdays from January 1643 to October 1649, and "The Weekly Intelligencer of the Commonwealth", which ran from 23 July 1650 to 25 September 1655 and from May to December 1659.
With the cessation of the Civil War and the partial demobilisation of the Parliamentary Army, many of the newspapers that had sprung up ceased publication. The content of "Mercurius Civicus" suffered, and it was reduced to reusing the same copy as "The Kingdomes Weekly Intelligencer" in late 1646. In the 5 November issue, an editorial appeared intimating that the author had been threatened if he continued to publish, and the paper ceased publication a month later.
In 2013 a British historical publisher transcribed and re-published all issues of "Mercurius Civicus" from 1643.

</doc>
<doc id="20678796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678796" title="Barking Lodge">
Barking Lodge

Barking Lodge is a small village in the parish of Saint Thomas close to the south-east coast of Jamaica.
History.
Barking Lodge was once a small sugar estate spanning and worked by 150 slaves at the time of emancipation when the property belonged to Philip Forsyth and the heirs of Robert Lindsay, having been owned in 1811 by the heirs of Ambrose S. Carter.
Ambrose S. Carter appears to have first settled the estate in the 1770s. Upon his death in the early 1790s, the plantation may have descended to the Forsyth and Lindsay families into whom Carter's daughters had married whilst another daughter made union with the Dickinson family. Ambrose Carter was latterly married to the owner of Newmarket plantation. Other Carters of the period became proprietors of the Essex and Wilmington estates whilst a family of Carters settled at Bath and one Carter married into the Worsfold family. It is not apparent how these Carters may have been related. The prevalence of the name Carter in this quarter of St Thomas may be attributed to the Carters' slaveholding. The names Carter, Forsyth and Lindsay are those native to Barking Lodge.
When sugar production was abandoned, in 1847 Barking Lodge amalgamated with the nearby properties of Unity and Airy Mount under the ownership of Alexander Barclay. Maps suggest the geography and layout of the village to have remained unchanged since this time and it is possible to identify the site of the former sugar works on Unity Road and the site of the overseer's house on Crockett Hill whilst the former slave village was located to the west and within the boundary of Crockett Hill.
Controversy.
Alexander Barclay came to Jamaica from England in 1805 and authored "A Practical View of the Present State of Slavery in the West Indies", an apologia for slavery. Barclay led a notable public life, serving as Custos and Assemblyman for St. Thomas parish, then known as St. Thomas-in-the-East, but continues to spark controversy. When the global financial institution Barclays Bank was accused of having historical links with the slave trade by which the firm profited, Alexander Barclay was presumed to be one of the slave-holding Barclays who had founded the company. Though Barclays refute those accusations and claim categorically that there is no connection, members of the black community in America angrily protested in 2007 at the bank's sponsorship of the New Jersey Nets basketball arena located in the Brooklyn area, largely populated by Afro-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20678832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678832" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Michigan">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Michigan

The National Natural Landmarks in Michigan include 12 of the almost 600 United States National Natural Landmarks (NNLs). They cover areas of geological and biological importance, and include bogs, several forest types, and habitats for several rare species. The landmarks are located in 12 of the state's 83 counties. Two counties have two Natural Landmarks each, while two Landmarks are located in parts of two counties. The first designation, Warren Woods State Park, was made in 1967, while the most recent, the Porcupine Mountains, was made in 1984. Natural Landmarks in Michigan range from in size. Owners include Michigan State University, private individuals and several state and federal agencies. 
The National Natural Landmarks Program is administered by the National Park Service, a branch of the Department of the Interior. The National Park Service determines which properties meet NNL criteria and makes nomination recommendations after an owner notification process. The Secretary of the Interior reviews nominations and, based on a set of predetermined criteria, makes a decision on NNL designation or a determination of eligibility for designation. Both public and privately owned properties can be designated as NNLs. Owners may object to the nomination of the property as a NNL. This designation provides indirect, partial protection of the historic integrity of the properties via tax incentives, grants, monitoring of threats, and other means.

</doc>
<doc id="20678837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678837" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1903–1906">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1903–1906

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 2 April 1903 election and the 29 March 1906 election.
The Hare-Clark system being trialled in Hobart and Launceston came to an end at the 1903 election, and several seats in the rural region between the two centres either merged or changed substantially. Possibly the most significant result was the failure of the Premier of Tasmania, Elliott Lewis, to win a seat—formerly the member for abolished Richmond, he ran for the new Central Hobart seat, and was beaten by Herbert Nicholls, an opposition backbencher with only two years' parliamentary experience, by a substantial margin. The election also saw an increased participation by the fledgling Labor Party, which won four of the six seats it contested, all of which were in mining areas of the state. Future Labor premier John Earle was beaten in Waratah by four votes, whilst future federal MHR Jens Jensen and senator James Long also commenced their parliamentary careers.

</doc>
<doc id="20678846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678846" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Minnesota">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Minnesota

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Minnesota. There are 8 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20678858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678858" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Mississippi">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Mississippi

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Mississippi. There are 5 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20678880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678880" title="BL 12 inch Mk XI – XII naval gun">
BL 12 inch Mk XI – XII naval gun

The BL 12 inch Gun Mark XI and Mark XII were British 50-calibres naval guns that were mounted as primary armament on dreadnought battleships from 1910.
History.
Mk XI had a longer (50 calibres, 600 inches) barrel than the previous Mk X gun (45 calibres), and was an attempt to increase the muzzle velocity, and hence armour-piercing capability and range, of a 12 inch gun. The muzzle velocity increased from to but problems such as bore erosion, which led to short barrel life, and poor accuracy due to inconsistent cordite propellant burning, meant the gun was not entirely satisfactory. The subsequent Mk XII gun suffered from the same problems.
Instead of attempting to improve the 12-inch gun, the British developed the 13.5-inch Mk V gun of 45-calibres, as it could achieve greater range at lower muzzle velocities due to its larger shell.
Mk XI guns were mounted in the following ships :
Mk XII guns were mounted in the following ships :

</doc>
<doc id="20678883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678883" title="Miguel Peña Municipality">
Miguel Peña Municipality

Miguel Peña is by far the largest civil parish in the municipality of Valencia, Carabobo, and one of the most populous in Venezuela.
It is located in the Southern part of the city and it has most of Valencia's poorest slums. It has a surface of some 200 km² for a density of some 2500 inhabitants per km².
General.
The area was named after Miguel Peña (1781–1833), a well-known politician from Valencia who was active in the formation of Venezuela in the early part of the 19th century.
The parish has undergone a dramatic population growth in the last 40 years from internal immigration, particularly poor farmers coming from the South and from Caracas and immigration from other Latin American countries. Most people have come attracted by job opportunities linked to Valencia's industrial development.
It is one of the most dangerous regions in Carabobo.
Demographic growth.
The following table shows part of the population growth of the last few years.
History.
Around 1936 there was already a small settlement known as Cruz de Legua where now the Lomas de Funval urbanization is located. Still in the forties the area was used for farming. There were mainly large haciendas and some scattered houses where poor farmers lived.
Some urbanizations started to be built in the fifties and forties on the Northern part when Valencia started to become an industrial city. The main areas were Urbanización Mendoza, Urbanización El Palotal, Urbanización Ricardo Urriera and Urbanización Lomas de Funval. Some bridges were rebuilt giving access to Santa Rosa, El Boquete and Las Dos Bocas (currently the El Ahorcado bridge). There was almost no planning in the process. 
The civil parish Miguel Peña was officially created by state law on 4 August 1971. Some avenues were built in the seventies, like the Aranzazu, the Sesquicentenaria, the Lisandro Alvarado and the Enrique Tejera avenues. Also a new road toward the South, to El Paíto, was made.
The chaotic urban expansion speeded up in the eighties and nineties, leading to a collapse of services and increased criminality.
Administration and politics.
Miguel Peña is a civil parish and as such has little administrative independence. It belongs to the Municipality of Valencia. The governing body is a junta parroquial with relatively little powers.
There have been long discussions about making it an independent municipality, but this has not come to effect.
The area tends to vote for the Chávez system more than others in the region. In the referendum for the constitutional reform of 2 December 2007, 53.95% of the voters there supported the reform against 40.78 for the whole municipality of Valencia.
Divisions.
The region has grown without much planning. Some of the main areas are:
There are many other sectors that tend to be more precarious. Many of these areas lack services like electricity or proper water canalization.
Some of the main avenues are:
Culture and education.
There is a smaller public library, Miguel Colombet, at Calle Sucre cruce con Branger.
There are two main secondary schools: Liceo Zuloaga and Liceo Ponce Bello. There are also dozens of basic schools.
Transportation.
The area is mostly served by buses from different bus companies.
Metro stations.
Valencia's underground line starts in this parish. The community has two underground stations: 
Health.
In spite of the size of the area, there is only one hospital and that is for pediatric purposes only, the Hospital Maternidad del Sur. Otherwise patients need to be treated in the Hospital de Carabobo or in smaller health centres.
Postal code.
2001

</doc>
<doc id="20678888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678888" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Missouri">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Missouri

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Missouri. There are 16 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20678898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678898" title="Siege of Xerigordon">
Siege of Xerigordon

The Siege of Xerigordon pitted 6,000 Germans of the People's Crusade under Reinald against 15,000 Turks commanded by Elchanes, general of Kilij Arslan I, the Seljuk Sultan of Rûm. The crusader raiding party captured the Turkish fort of Xerigordon, about four days march from Nicaea, in an attempt to set up a pillaging outpost. Elchanes arrived three days later and besieged the crusaders. The defenders had no water supply, and after eight days of siege, they surrendered on September 29, 1096. Some of the crusaders converted to Islam, while others who refused to abandon their faith were killed.
Prelude.
The army of the People's Crusade landed in Asia Minor on August 6, 1096, and camped at Helenopolis (Civetot/Civetote) to the north-west of Nicaea, at that time capital of the Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm. The young Sultan, Kilij Arslan I, was in the middle of a military campaign to the east, fighting the Danishmend emirate.
While waiting for the main crusader army, the disorganized "People’s Crusade" army began to attack the villages surrounding Nicaea. The Norman raiding party returned unhindered many times with their booty, at some point even defeating the garrison of Nicaea when it tried to stop them. Reinald led 6,000 Germans (Lombards and Alemanni), including 200 knights, on similar raids. Reinald was unsatisfied with the pillaging results near Nicaea and went farther to Xerigordon, a fortress four days march to the east, to set up a pillaging base. On September 18, 1096, Reinald easily defeated the Xerigordon garrison.
Kilij Arslan ordered his general, Elchanes, to deal with the crusader's raiding parties with 15,000 troops, mostly mounted archers.
The battle.
Elchanes arrived three days after Reinald occupied Xerigordon, on September 21 and besieged the crusaders tightly. The speed of the Turkish mounted troops surprised the Germans; they had not expected to be besieged and were unprepared and without adequate supplies. Moreover, there was no water system inside the fortress:
Our people were in such distress from thirst that they bled their horses and asses and drank the blood; others let their girdles and handkerchiefs down into the cistern and squeezed out the water from them into their mouths; some urinated into one another's hollowed hands and drank; and others dug up the moist ground and lay down on their backs and spread the earth over their breasts to relieve the excessive dryness of thirst.
Relief forces never came. Some accounts mentioned that Turks sent two spies to the Crusaders' camp at Civetot to make them think that Xerigordon was still safe, and even that Nicaea had been conquered by Reinald. Other accounts mentioned that Crusader leaders on the field were forced by their troops to advance, but could not make the decision until news of the Xerigordon surrender arrived on October.
For eight days, the Crusaders resisted thirst and a rain of arrows and smoke from the Turks. After, the leader of the Germans offered to surrender and to fight for the Turks. The fort surrendered on September 29, 1096. Some of the Crusaders who converted to Islam became slaves, while others who refused to abandon their faith were killed.
There are various accounts on Reinald's fate. Some mention that he was killed at the beginning of the siege while trying to ambush the Turks' own water source in front of the fortress, others that he died during the siege, and one that claims he converted to Islam.
Aftermath.
Kilij Arslan I became more confident and sent his army to ambush the People’s Crusade army at the Battle of Civetot en route to Nicaea.
References.
Peter the Hermit and the Popular Crusade: Collected Accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="20678918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678918" title="Shazam Safin">
Shazam Safin

Shazam Sergeyevich Safin (, ; born April 7, 1932 – 1985) was a Soviet wrestler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kochki-Pozharki, Nizhny Novgorod.
At the USSR championship-1952 Shazam Safin took әтдн third place. According to the classification of that period, this result was not high enough for the title of master of sports to be conferred upon the athlete. To receive the "master of sports" title, the athlete was either to win the USSR national championship or to take second place. However, Safin, a first-grade wrestler, got included into the USSR Olympic team and successfully appeared at the XV Olympic Games winning the gold medal. In final fight he won famous Swedish wrestler Gustav Freij.
In the 1953 World Championship in Naples (Italy), Safin received the bronze medal, having lost points to Finnish athlete Lehton. The world champion title in the 67 kg weight class was gained by Frei.

</doc>
<doc id="20678929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678929" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Montana">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Montana

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Montana. There are 10 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20678946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678946" title="Emanuelis Zingeris">
Emanuelis Zingeris

Emanuelis Zingeris (born July 16, 1957 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian philologist, museum director, politician, signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania, currently serving as a Member of the Seimas (1990–2000 and since 2004), chairman of its foreign affairs committee (since 2010), Vice President of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (since 2009) and President of the Parliamentary Forum of the Community of Democracies (since 2010). A Lithuanian Jew, he has been director of the Vilna Gaon Jewish State Museum, honorary chairman of Lithuania's Jewish community, and is Chairman of the International Commission for the Evaluation of the Crimes of the Nazi and Soviet Occupation Regimes in Lithuania. He is a founding signatory of the Prague Declaration on European Conscience and Communism, that proposed the establishment of the European Day of Remembrance for Victims of Stalinism and Nazism.
Career.
Zingeris graduated from Vilnius University in 1981 with a degree in philology. Himself being Jewish, he wrote his post-graduate dissertation on the Jewish cultural heritage of Lithuania, a difficult subject at the time. He was a member of the pro-independence Sąjūdis movement and was elected to the Seimas (parliament) in 1990, where he served as chair of both the foreign affairs committee and the human rights committee, and as a member of several interparliamentary relations groups.
Zingeris failed to be reelected in 2000, and served as director of the Vilna Gaon Jewish State Museum, which he helped found, from 2000 to 2004. In 2004, he returned to parliament. Having formerly been a member of the Social Democratic Party, he is now representing the Homeland Union – Lithuanian Christian Democrats and the European People's Party at the European level.
He was honorary chairman of the Lithuanian Jewish Community, but resigned from this position in 1997 after he was elected chairman of the Lithuanian Parliamentary Committee on Human and Civic Rights and National Minorities, stating that he was "thus bound to have concern for all national minorities". In 1998, he was appointed chairman of the International Commission for the Evaluation of the Crimes of the Nazi and Soviet Occupation Regimes in Lithuania by President Valdas Adamkus.
He chaired the Lithuanian delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) in 2009 and is one of the Vice Presidents of PACE. He has also chaired both the Lithuanian and Israeli inter-parliamentary group, and the Lithuanian and American inter-parliamentary group. In 2010, he was also elected President of the Parliamentary Forum of the Community of Democracies.
He is a founding signatory of the Prague Declaration on European Conscience and Communism.
Family.
Zingeris is married and has a son and a daughter. His brother Markas Zingeris is the director of the Jewish Museum in Vilnius and the adviser on genocide to the Prime Minister. Emanuelis Zingeris speaks Lithuanian, Yiddish, Polish, German, English and Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="20678948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678948" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Nebraska">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Nebraska

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Nebraska. There are 5 in total

</doc>
<doc id="20678955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678955" title="Internet censorship in Romania">
Internet censorship in Romania

Internet censorship in Romania is mainly related to the filtering of sites with pornographic content hosted in Romania.
Although several proposals have been made to censor pornographic sites so far not one site has been blocked.
Legislation.
The "Law on Prevention and Combat of Pornography" (No. 196/2003) says that all pornographic sites must be accessible only after entering a password and after the patron paid a tax per minute of access. Also, such activities must be authorised by a commission of the Ministry of Culture and Cults, which will include representatives of the Ministry of Interior and the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology. All sites which feature paedophile, necrophile and zoophile pornography are banned.
The sites which do not respect this law may be added to a black list by the National Authority of Regulation in Communications and the ISPs which do not filter out the sites in the list within 48 hours will be fined 10,000-50,000 lei (3,400-17,000 USD). The sites are added to the black list after denounces from private citizens, sites which are then verified by the Authority.
Blocking of pornographic sites.
On December 11, 2008, the National Authority for Communications proposed to block 40 sites under the anti-pornographic law, all of which were hosted in Romania. The list of sites was not been made public, in order to discourage their promotion. The president of authority claimed that these sites were freely accessible, not by a password, as the law requires, and as such, it was possible to be easily accessed by children.
One of the 40 sites proposed for blocking is a site which is not pornographic: 220.ro, one of the biggest video sharing websites in Romania (344,000 unique visitors per week).
As of November 2011, none of the sites have been blocked in Romania and the proposals have been ignored.
Online forums censorship proposal.
In August 2010, a Social-Democrat Senator, Olguţa Vasilescu, proposed a law to ban the usage of profanity on the internet forums of the Romanian press, requiring the online press to moderate the content. Accused of wanting to protect the politicians from criticism, she replied that the purpose of her law is for the protection of children who might encounter profanity while browsing the internet.
The proposal was largely ignored and no action was taken.

</doc>
<doc id="20678960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678960" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in Nevada">
List of National Natural Landmarks in Nevada

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in Nevada. There are 6 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20678974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678974" title="Pavel Gantar">
Pavel Gantar

Pavel Gantar, also known as Pavle Gantar (born 26 October 1949) is a Slovenian politician and sociologist. Between 2008 and 2011, he served as Chairman of the Slovenian National Assembly. Since February 2012, he's been the president of the social liberal extra-parliamentary party "Zares".
Early life and education.
Gantar was born in the Upper Carniolan village of Gorenja vas near Škofja Loka, Slovenia, in what was then Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. After finishing a professional school for carpentry, he decided to enroll to the university. After passing the entry exams, he was accepted by the Faculty for Political Sciences at the University of Ljubljana, where he studied sociology. During his student years, Gantar was actively involved in student activities. In 1971, he was among the co-founder of the radical alternative student group "November 13th", which included among other the famous philosopher Mladen Dolar. After graduatring in 1974, he became an assistant professor at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana. In 1976, he joined the editorial board of the "Journal for the Critique of Science" (Časopis za kritiko znanosti, ČKZ), together with people like Mladen Dolar, Slavoj Žižek, and Rado Riha.
In 1984, he studied at the University of Essex, where he became acquainted with the liberal critique of Marxism. He became interested in the classical liberal thought and was especially influenced by the works of the Slovene-born British liberal economist Ljubo Sirc, who strongly criticized the Yugoslav economic model. Upon returning to Ljubljana, he was appointed as the chairman of the Communist Party cell at the Faculty of Social Sciences. In 1985, he used this position to defend the essayist Spomenka Hribar, who was accused of denigration of the Yugoslav People's Liberation War because an essay in which she publicly denounced the mass killings of the Slovene Home Guard after World War Two. Because of this stand, Gantar was expelled from the Communist Party of Slovenia.
In the late 1980s, he was among the first scholars of contemporary underground social movements in Slovenia and Yugoslavia, together with Frane Adam and Gregor Tomc. He was actively involved in the so-called Slovenian Spring, the mass movement that brought to the democratization and independence of Slovenia. He was among the first to denounce the arrest of four journalist in the JBTZ-trial and was member of the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights, the central platform that led the democratization process in Slovenia between 1988 and 1990.
Political career.
In 1989, he obtained his PhD in sociology at the University of Zagreb. In 1990, he joined the Liberal Democratic Party. The same year, he was elected to the Parliament of Slovenia in the first free elections held in Slovenia after WWII.
Between 1994 and 2000, he served as the Minister of Environment in the cabinet of Janez Drnovšek. In 2001, he became the Minister of Information Society in the last cabinet led by Janez Drnovšek and later by Anton Rop.
In 2004, the Liberal Democracy of Slovenia was defeated by the centre-right Slovenian Democratic Party. Nevertheless, Gantar was elected to the National Assembly of Slovenia, where he served as an opposition MP until 2008. In 2007, he joined the newly formed social liberal "Zares" party led by Gregor Golobič. In 2008, he was re-elected to the Lower House of the Slovenian Parliament. Soon afterwards, he was elected as its chairman, succeeding France Cukjati. 
Following the exit of the party "Zares" from the ruling coalition, Gantar resigned from his position in September 2011 and was succeeded by Ljubo Germič.
In February 2012, he replaced Gregor Golobič as the president of "Zares".

</doc>
<doc id="20678982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678982" title="Shagun">
Shagun

Shagun ("Omen") was a Hindi language daily Indian soap opera that was telecast on STAR Plus. It was story of fortune's twists and pitfalls that tear asunder the lives of two cousins tied together by a bond stronger than that of blood - the bond of love.
Overview.
Shagun is the story of two cousins, Aradhana and Aarti, brought up together and so close to each other that one hardly needs words to convey her thoughts to the other. Aarti is an optimist - she believes that she has what it takes to touch the stars, if she desires. Aradhana, however, considers herself unlucky.
Replacement.
In January 2005, Shagun completed its final episode and was replaced by Saarrthi.

</doc>
<doc id="20678985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678985" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in New Hampshire">
List of National Natural Landmarks in New Hampshire

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in New Hampshire. There are 11 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20678990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678990" title="Ed Robinson">
Ed Robinson

Edwin Robinson (born October 21, 1971) is a presenter and producer on Sky Sports, most notably in the sports channel's boxing programmes. He is a regular on Saturday Fight Night and other boxing broadcasts on Sky Sports & currently fronts the popular weekly Toe 2 Toe internet podcast alongside former professional boxer Spencer Fearon.
Before joining Sky, Edwin worked as a press officer for British boxing promoters Frank Maloney and Frank Warren. Whilst working for Maloney, Edwin boxed three times as a professional, winning two contests and losing one. He was also an amateur boxer for Fitzroy Lodge amateur boxing club in Lambeth, south London.

</doc>
<doc id="20678994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678994" title="Noble M10">
Noble M10

The Noble M10 is the first car designed and produced by Noble Automotive. It is a two-door, two seater model built in convertible form only. It is powered by a naturally aspirated 2.5-litre 168 hp engine. It was introduced in 1999, but is no longer in production, having been replaced by the M12. Only a few were ever made as customers moved deposits onto the M12 as soon as its credentials were announced. The M10 is similar in performance to the Lotus Elise in many respects. The Toyota MR2 Spyder is noted for having a somewhat similar appearance to the M10. The first two cars were built at Lee Noble's home garage see Fenix Automotive.

</doc>
<doc id="20678995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20678995" title="Shkodër (disambiguation)">
Shkodër (disambiguation)

Shkodër or Shkodra may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679007" title="2009 Polish Speedway First League">
2009 Polish Speedway First League

The 2009 Team Speedway Polish Championship of First League () is the 10th First League season, the second division of Team Speedway Polish Championship. The First League have eight teams competing (five teams from 2008 season, two teams from 2008 Ekstraliga and two the top team from 2008 Second League. The first fixtures of the season are scheduled for April 5, 2009, and the season will end on September 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20679008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679008" title="Live in Bonn 1991">
Live in Bonn 1991

Live in Bonn 1991 is a concert DVD from the British alternative rock band All About Eve. The DVD comprises the full September 5 live concert at the Biskuithalle in Bonn, Germany, part of the band's 1991 European tour promoting their recently released album, "Touched by Jesus". The footage was originally recorded for the German music television programme "Rockpalast".
Band Personnel.
The line-up for this concert comprises Julianne Regan (vocals), Andy Cousin (bass guitar), Mark Price (drums), recent addition Marty Willson-Piper (guitar and backing vocals) and Warne Livesey (keyboards). Livesey was not a full-time member of the band but became involved with them through producing "Touched by Jesus" and joined them for the tour in order to allow performance of some of the songs from this album.
Track list.
The final song is a cover of the George Harrison-penned Beatles song, which originally appeared on their "Yellow Submarine" album.

</doc>
<doc id="20679021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679021" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in New Jersey">
List of National Natural Landmarks in New Jersey

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in New Jersey. There are 11 in total, many of them are related to the glacial geology, especially the Wisconsin Glacier and the Glacial Lake Passaic that it created over a large portion of northern New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20679022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679022" title="1914–15 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1914–15 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1914-15 campaign was the last league campaign before the Football League was suspended following the outbreak of World War I. Town finished in 8th place in Division 2, but it could have improved had Town not had a bad spell at the start of 1915, saw Town lose 6 out of 7 matches, which if Town had won all of them, they would have won promotion.
Review.
Despite the outbreak of World War I, the Football League continued for the season to sustain the morale of the country. However, in early November, Larrett Roebuck was killed in action in France. Luckily, Town's form was fairly good at the start of the season and Town were right up there with the big guns trying to get into Division 1. However, just after the turn of the year, Town's form dropped alarmingly and they lost their chance to get promoted and finished 8th with 42 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20679043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679043" title="List of National Natural Landmarks in New Mexico">
List of National Natural Landmarks in New Mexico

From List of National Natural Landmarks, these are the National Natural Landmarks in New Mexico. There are 12 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20679044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679044" title="Emir Granov">
Emir Granov

Emir Granov (born 17 February 1976 in Sarajevo) is a former Bosnian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20679075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679075" title="1975–76 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1975–76 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1975–76 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 49th season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Three, then the third tier of English football, finishing second, winning promotion to Division Three on the first attempt after being relegated the previous year.
Manager Jimmy Andrews brought a number of changes to the squad including bringing Brian Clark
back to the club and signing Australian international Adrian Alston.

</doc>
<doc id="20679083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679083" title="Elanthoor">
Elanthoor

The village owns a significant position in ecumenism,with temples and churches ata hand's distance,but not much noticed by others. 
Elanthoor is the birthplace of the famous actor Mohanlal.
Also it is the native place of the famous South Indian actress Meera Jasmine's familyof Mar Thoma Valiya Pally,Elanthoor,also known as Kumaranalloor Pally.
Demographics.
As of the 2001 India census, Elanthoor had a population of 15,425, with 7202 males and 8223 females.
Location.
The village is located between Pathanamthitta and Kozhencherry. The T. K. Road (Thiruvalla-Pathanamthitta-Kumbazha Road / SH - 07) connects the town to other major towns. Elanthoor is easily accessible to the Main Eastern Highway through Pathanamthitta.
Elanthoor Gandhi is a very famous personality.

</doc>
<doc id="20679086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679086" title="Enadimangalam">
Enadimangalam

Demographics.
As of the 2001 India census, Enadimangalam had a population of 20,955 with 10,057 males and 10898 females.
Electoral Wards.
Enadimangalam Village includes the following wards:
1. Bhoothankara
2. Chayalode
3. Elamannur
4. Kurumpakara
6. Kunnida
7. Maroor
8. Mangadu
9. Parackal
10.Salempuram.(Mallumkuzha(Moozhi)> Putuval:Ward-7)
Kurumpakara.
Kurumpakara is divided into three electoral wards and Udayonmuttam is the center of Kurumpakara.
The famous Shree Sankara Narayana Swami Temple is here. The best public Library called Nethaji Memorial Grandhasala is here. Kurumpakara Post Office is at Udayonmuttam and Pin Code 689695. Also the Nair Service Society Building is here with Registration no. 1178 from NSS.
The Noted communist Sakhavu Kurumpakara Thankappan was born and brought up here and his memorial is situated here at Udayonmuttam junction. He was a well-known communist in the era of M. N. Govindan Nair, Thoppil Bhasi etc. He was a good friend of Sakhavu Thengamam Balakrishnan, former MLA of Adoor. Thoppil Bhasi has written about him in his famous book "Olivile Ormmakal".
Sakhavu Vasudevan Pillai, elder brother of Kurumpakara Thankappan is a veteran of World War II, and is still living and lives here.
The population consists of Hindus, Christians and Muslims, with a Hindu majority, but with all accepting the rights of others.
The Anchumala Para is one of the highest mountains here and many school students and others visit regularly to see this scenic view of the area.
Kurumpakara has connections with "Poruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada"
More Information: [http://mooththamma.blogspot.com/2010/12/kurumpakara.html]
Photo Album
Kunnida.
The famous KINFRA industrial centre is a part of Kunnida. The newly opening Central Medical Collage is at KINFRA. The Private Medical College Chayalodu, is very near to Kunnida. Besides an Engineering College is coming in the vicinity.
Photo Album:
Bhoothamkara.
Photo Album:
Maroor.
The nearby places are Pathanapuram 8 km and Adoor 12 in the Kayamkulam Punalur Road.
The Elamannur Panchayathu Office is here, besides the sub registrar office and agriculture office.
There is big friend circle located in Marror, Tony,Anil,Ajil,Praveen,Girish,Pillechan,Vinod,Jithin (Nanu),Sujay,Ullas,Unmesh,Sireesh,Babu,Mohan.Sijibal.
Photo Album:

</doc>
<doc id="20679087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679087" title="Boettcher Scholarship">
Boettcher Scholarship

The Boettcher Scholarship is a prestigious merit-based academic scholarship awarded to graduating Colorado high school students. Award recipients, on average, rank in the top 2% of their graduating classes and have an average SAT score around 1400 (roughly the 97th percentile).
The award is considered "full-ride" and allows Boettcher Scholars to attend any accredited Colorado university for 4 years without significant expenditure by the student. 40 students are awarded Boettcher Scholarships each year, representing about 4% of applicants. They are selected from 72 finalists who are interviewed by the Foundation board. 250 semi-finalists are required to add a teacher recommendation to their application with the hopes of advancing to be a finalist. In the 2010-2011 season over 1,300 students applied. If a student declines the scholarship, alternates are promoted from the pool of finalists so that all scholarships are used.
The program was started in 1952 with the intention of keeping high-performing students in Colorado. The most popular destination has been the University of Denver, although significant numbers of Scholars have attended the University of Colorado at Boulder, Colorado State University, Colorado College and the Colorado School of Mines. The associated Teacher Recognition Awards Program was started in 1992. Another objective of the program is to encourage scholars to live in Colorado after graduation.
Boettcher Scholars have subsequently been awarded well-known graduate scholarships, including Marshall Scholarships and Rhodes Scholarships, to continue their studies. Currently, there are roughly 2,000 Boettcher Scholar alumni, more than half of whom reside in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20679095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679095" title="Enathu">
Enathu

It has Kollam district has one of its borders. Enathu is famous with the old British-made bridge (demolished) across the River Kallada, 
which links up the two districts (Pathanamthitta district and Kollam district) with M.C (Main Central) passing through. Enathu Mahadevar Temple (Lord Shiva) is situated in the Enathu junction. It is a very old temple.kalamala 'CHANDANAKKUDAM"is the main festival of the town on december 6. The place Mannadi which is famous with Veluthampi Dalava is the nearest historical place to Enathu.
There is a police station, post-office, bank, and a few hospitals in the area. Petrol pumps, and many other basic facilities are also available here.

</doc>
<doc id="20679097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679097" title="Erathu">
Erathu


</doc>
<doc id="20679099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679099" title="Eraviperoor">
Eraviperoor

Origin of name.
Eraviperoor Means Eravi's Land Also known as "ഈരവിയുടെ പെരിയ ഊര്", 
The region ruled by Eravi were known by this name, later it was changed into Eravipuram " ഈരവിപുരം"
After many centuries the name was changed to Eraviperoor "ഇരവിപേരൂര്‍ "
References.
There is another village called Eravipuram in Kollam District in Keralam. So, Eraviperoor is Eraviperoor and not derived from Eravipuram.

</doc>
<doc id="20679103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679103" title="Ezhamkulam">
Ezhamkulam

Culture.
Ezhamkulam is known by the presence of an ancient Devi Temple, Ezhamkulam Devi Temple. It is famous for Garudan Thookkam and Kettukazhcha that take place as a part of the annual Kumbha Bharani festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20679104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679104" title="Ezhumattoor">
Ezhumattoor

Demographics.
Panchayat.Ezhumattoor-
Taluk. Mallappally-
District.Pathanamthitta-
Assembly Constituency.Kalloopara-
Loksabha Constituency.Mavelikkara-
Religion.
Ezhumattoor's major religions are Hinduism, Christianity, and Islam. Hindus (Brahmins, Nairs, Ezhavas, Viswakarma, & other SC-ST), Muslims and Christians (Roman Catholics, Knanaya, Malankara Catholic, St. Thomas Evangelical Church, Orthodox, Jacobite, Marthoma, Indian Brethren, Jehovah's Witnesses and other Pentecostals such as The Pentecostal Mission known as CPM before Indian Pentecost, etc., live in peace here.
Climate.
Like the rest of the state, Ezhumattoor has a wet and maritime tropical climate. The region receives most of the rain from the South-West monsoon from June to August and the North-East monsoon during October and November. Although the summer is from March to May, it receives locally developed thundershowers in May. Due to the higher elevation, the climate is cooler towards the eastern area.
Economy.
The economy of Ezhumattoor is primarily from agriculture. Ezhumattoor is one of the rubber producing villages in Kerala. The hilly terrain, high humidity and good rain make it suitable for rubber cultivation. Other major crops are coconut, tapioca and pepper. NRIs are also another major source of income.
Facilities.
Ezhumattoor has the following facilities:
1. Primary Health Centre, Ezhumattoor
2. Post Office
3. Govt Higher Secondary School
4. Library
5. Dental Clinic
6. Telephone Exchange
7. Village Office
8. PSU Bank (Central Bank of India)
9. Co-operative Banks.
10.Federal Bank
Transport.
Ezhumattoor is largely dependent on private buses. There are few KSRTC buses passing via Ezhumattoor. The nearest KSRTC bus terminus is in Mallappally. Auto rickshaws are available and generally hired for short distances (1–3 km) where bus service is non-existent or rare. Taxis and jeeps are other preferred modes of transport where the terrain is hilly or rugged.
The nearest railway stations are at Thiruvalla and Changanacherry and Chengannur.
Trivandrum International Airport and Cochin International Airport, at Nedumbassery, Kochi are the airports most conveniently used to fly there.
Civic administration.
Ezhumattoor Village is a part of Pathanamthitta district administration. The Ezhumattoor village office is in Hospital Junction and Panchayath office is in Tellioor.
Ezhumattoor is famous for stone quarries, The blue stone from Ezhumattoor is mostly used for Construction of Temples, Homes etc. This place is also well known for the Traditional Ritual art Padayani, Which is performing here yearly during Vishu season at the famous Devi Temple at Panamattathukavu.
State code 32 District code 599 Sub District Code 05680 Village Code (2011) 628308

</doc>
<doc id="20679107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679107" title="Kadampanad">
Kadampanad

Kadampanad grama panchayat is the southernmost part of Pathanamthitta district. It comes under Parakkode block of Adoor taluk. The panchayat shared boundaries with Erathu panchayat in the north, Ezhamkulam panchayat in the east , Kunnathur panchayat and Kalladayar in the south and Pallikkal and Poruvazhy Panchayats in the west. Kakkathikkunnu in the north and Pandimalakkunnu (Pandimalappuram) in the south stands as two strong forts in this panchayat which balances the climatic conditions of this area.
Kadampanad, Thuvayoor and Mannadi areas form Kadampanad panchayat. Mannadi is known as the place where Veluthambi Dalawa, the great freedom fighter, met his tragic death.
Etymology.
The name Kadampanad might have been derived from the word “ khada nadu”. There is also a belief that this place was occupied by Kadampa dynasty kings and hence the name Kadampanad was derived.
History.
It is mentioned in many literary works of Sangha period like “Pathittupathu” that Kadampanad was a part of ancient Tamilnadu. The beautiful architecture of Parakkadavu snanaghatas and kalmandapas,built on the banks of Kallada river, in connection with the Pazhayakavu and Puthiyakavu devi temple of Mannadi are proofs of ancient civilization in this place. Kadampanad was a trade center in the ancient period. Under the Kulashekhara kings, who ruled Travancore with Mahodayapuram as their head quarters, there were many autonomous provinces. Kadampanad was such a province under the control of a Naduvazhi. After the decline of Kulasekhara reign, Kadampanad came under the rule of Venad Kings. Later,Kadamapanad became the part of Kayamkulam territory and when Marthanda Varma formed modern Travancore , it fell under this region. 
When Sir C.P. Ramaswamy Iyyer was the Divan of Central Travancore, Village uplift unions were formed for the development of villages in Kerala. The village uplift unions were composed of Government nominated representatives. The places come under Kadampanad grama panchayat were part of Kunnathur uplift union at that time. Thonnuram Panthiyil K.Kesavakurup was the president of Kunnathur uplift union. In 1953, when panchayats formed , panchayat bodies elected by people came into being. The first president of the elected body of Kadampanad panchayat was Koyippurath K. Neelakandan Nair. After the formation of Kerala State, Kadampanad panchayat continued to be a part of Kollam district,under Kunnathur Taluk. In 1983, when Pathanamthitta district was formed, Kadampanad panchayat became a part of it.
Geography.
Kadampanad panchayat covers an area of 23.95 km2 . The land is situated in a slanting position from east to west and from south to north. Kallada and pallickal rivers flow along the south and west sides of the panchayat respectively. The land consists of hilly areas, plains and paddy fields. Paddy, coconut and tapioca were cultivated abundantly in this region. Mannadi and Thuvayoor are two important places in this panchayat. Major portion of Thuvayoor lied down as a corridor in the east west direction between the Kakkathikkunnu and Pandimalakkunnu.
Divisions.
There are 17 wards in Kadampanad grama panchayat.
Demographics.
As per the latest India census, Kadampanad has a population of 26839 with 12769 males and 14070 females. The literacy rate as per the census data is 92.2%
Culture.
Religious.
The Kadampanad Bhagavathy Temple and the Kundom Vettuthu Malanada temple, the Maharshi Mangalam temple in Thuvayoor ,the Kannankara Yakshi temple in Manjali junction , the Mudippura Devi temple, Pazhayakavu and Puthiyakavu Devi temples in Mannadi are the important temples in Kadampanad Panchayat. Kadampanad panchayat consists of 8 other temples also.
St.Thomas Orthodox Cathedral, one of the most prominent churches of the Indian Orthodox community is situated in Kadampanad Panchayat. Christians from this parish migrated to places like Kayamkulam, Mavelikkara, Kollakadavu, Adoor, Kozhenchery, Kaippattoor, Sooranadu, Kallada, Koodal etc., settled there and constructed new churches. Hence this church is considered to be the mother parish of many churches in Central Travancore .St. George Malankara Catholic Church, Shalom Marthoma Church, St.Andrews Marthoma Church, St. John’s Orthodox Church, St.Thomas Catholic Church,St. mary’s Catholic Church, St. Thomas Marthoma Church ,St. Peters Marthoma Church ,Lourde Matha Church and St. James CSI Church are the other Christian devotional centres in this panchayat. 
The Jama-ath mosques in Mannadi and Nilakkal are also part of the diverse culture of this place.
Tourist Spots.
The memorial of Veluthambi Dalawa and the Aravakkalu Chani Cave in Mannadi are places of tourist attractions. The Kerala institute of folklore and folk arts also functions in Mannadi.

</doc>
<doc id="20679108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679108" title="Kadapra">
Kadapra

Demographics.
At kadapra now the house Arackal Pavathitta is located just behind Kadapra junction,and grand children of Arackal Parameswaran Pillai are staying there. This Tharavadu is an "Ettukettu" and in one "Nalukettu",Mr. Sreekumar Valanjavattom and Mrs. Asha Kumari are staying, (the daughter of Mr. Gopalakrishna Pillai,son of Mr. Arackal Parameswaran Pillai and grandson of Mr.Aiyappan Pillai, Peshkar of Kanjirappally). The other "Nalukettu is owned by Mr.Manojkumar Ravi, Son of Mr. P.S.Raveendranathan Pillai.

</doc>
<doc id="20679109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679109" title="Kalanjoor">
Kalanjoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679110" title="Kallooppara">
Kallooppara

History of Kallooppara.
The land of Kallooppara was previously known by the name of Perumbranadu, which was so called due to its massive storage of rocks and hence being known by the name of 'Perum Parra Nadu', in the previous days and gradually being known as Perumbranad, in the latter days as legend has it.
Kallooppara was once the part of Thiruvalla taluk and with the formation of the Pathanamthitta district in 1983, a new taluk was chipped up by the name of Mallapally taluk and Kallooppara became a part of it. This prosperous land of Kallooppara was once governed by the Royalties of the Thekkumkoor Dynasty and Edappally Thampurans (rulers), who always had a deep concern and love for their subjects, who in turn did feel the same. A land with no class demarcation and love and respect for all was a model that we can cherish and learn from even today.
The kalari and the fort in the footsteps of history.
The old Vemolinad was separated into 'Vadakumkoor' and 'Thekkumkoor' in A.D.1100. Kottayam, Chenganacherry, Thiruvalla, Kanjirapally and some places of high range where included in Thekkumkoor kingdom.Kallooppara was under the control of the Thekkumkoor dynasty. It had Kalari (training center for material arts) at Kallooppara. The famous Kalari was known as Thekkumkoor fort which existed till recently. The Thekkumkoor army camped here and it was risky for the enemy to attack them. It is said that the King had many close friends in Kallooppara and its surroundings. The Old Nair lord Family at Koipuram in Eraviperoor was in close touch with the Kings. It was this Nair Lord family who had great influence on the king and inspired him to donate Kallooppara sub-division to Edappally dynasty.As the withdrawal of Thekkumkoor kings, Kallooppara came under the Edappally dynasty, which is also known as Elangalloor Swaroopam. The Edappally dynasty has the history of elevation of a temple priest to the royal position of a King. The founder of the Edappally dynasty was a priest of Thrikkakara temple according to the historical evidence and proverbs.
Tracing roots to Edappally.
Kallooppara is known for its religious harmony between all the sects of god loving souls be he a Hindu, a Christian, or a Muslim. Master craftsmen belonging to the Viswakarma clan were brought to Kallooppara from Edappally, and hamlets of the then Thirukochi, now known as Kochi, for parting their craftsmanship in the construction of temples like Kallooppara Devi Kshethram, Thelliyoorkavu, Porittikavu and Kallooppara St Mary's Orthodox Church.https://www.facebook.com/KalloopparaSriBhagavathyTemple
In the earlier days the Christian believers of Kallooppara had to depend on the 'Niranam Church' for the holy mass, funeral ceremonies and other religious rites. The journey on Vallom (small boat) through the Manimala and Pampa rivers was tedious, tiresome and risky.
The Edappally Kings were ruling at that time and they used to spend their time in the famous and explicably beautiful Elangalloor Maddom, rich in its architectural antiquity, that once existed on the north side of the river Manimala. A abode for the royal guests that was once well-equipped with a private pool called the 'Kullipura Mallika' equipped with granite rock paved steps carved with excellent craftsmanship to the Manimala river, can still be seen now in Angadikadavu of Puramattam panchayat.
It is said that once while the ruling king of Edappally was having his rest in the Elangalloor Maddom, he happened to see a few number of people coming on a vallom (small boat) singing melodious hymns accompanied by prayers. The king immediately came down to the river bank to observe the sight more closely and found it to be a burial procession, with the body on the floating hearse covered with a white cloth. The procession that started from Manimala was going to Niranam Church for the funeral of the dead, since in those days Niranam Church was the only Christian church in central Travancore.
This event moved the Kings heart and having realized the hardship of the Christian subjects, he virtually pointed a plot on the other side of the river, and gave sanction to bury the body and built a church there.
But sadly there are no clear evidence for the origin and age of the church. It is commonly believed that the founding stone of the church was laid on Malayalam month Karkadakam 3rd of 515 (A.D.1339). The stone day of the church is being celebrated on that day.(For photographs and description cf.The St. Thomas Christian Encyclopaedia of India, Vol.II, 1973, ed. George Menachery)It is also believed that the church has the same age as the origin of Edappally dynasty. The study of the archaeology department also reveals that church was constructed in the 2nd millennium. The sculpture and figure carved in wood also indicates the same. Some letters carved on the slab of holy place of the church also traces back to the origin of the church. Though the letters have faded out, they are believed to be of the earlier century.Chengaroor St.George Orthodox Church is the daughter church of kalloopoppara church.
Chengaroor St.George Orthodox Church is the other anicient Church In Kallooppara Panchayath.
Chengaroor Pally (church) was built on 8th of Idavam, Kollavarsham 1055 and the foundation stone was laid by His Holiness Geevarghese Mar Gregorious (Parumala Thirumeni). The church is popularly known as the "FIRST DAUGHTER OF PARUMALA THIRUMENI". It belongs to the Niranam Diocese of Malankara Orthodox Church. This Church is popularly known as " Chengaroor Valiya Pally". Church is famous for the powerful intercession of the patron saint, Chengaroor Pally Perunal which is an ancient gathering of the Families in Chengaroor and neighbour places. Chengaroor Church Convention is also one of the ancient Conventions in Kerala.
The St. Thomas Marthoma Church is the first Malankara Marthoma Syrian Church in Kallooppara. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malankara_Mar_Thoma_Syrian_Church 
The church was formed in Kollavarsham 1085 (A.D 1909) with 27 family members who moved out of the St Mary's Orthodox church due to their strong support to the church reformation movement. This church is situated in the 7th ward of Kallooppara Panchayath. For more details: http://kalloopparastthomasmarthomachurch.org/church_members.php
The history of Mar Thoma Church is an essential part of the history of Christianity in general and that of St.Thomas Christian Community in particular. Bethel Mar Thoma Church, Kallooppara, is one of the Parishes of this great historic Church. Bethel Mar Thoma Church, Kallooppara was established in the year 1912 by forefathers of strong faith and spirit of renaissance. Ever since 1912, the church has been a luminous candle spreading the message of God's love for human.
The families who accepted the new faith From St. Thomas, Disciple (Apostle) of Christ between AD 52 and AD 72, were subjected to much hardship by others at that time and consequently they had to move towards South of Kerala by the end of the 2nd century. Though the Christians devotees of Kallooppara claim their roots to the first century, history dates their arrival and settlement at Kallooppara only from the 9th century onwards. Most of the families migrated from Christian centers like Kuravilangad, Vaikom, Kadambanad etc. Many members from these Christian families further migrated to different parts of Kerala, India, Far East, Middle East, Europe, Africa, Australia, Canada and America; and are valuable contributors in the field of education, science, medicine, engineering, information technology, business, agriculture, religion etc.
Important Information.
Eden Interiors is a full service interior design firm. 
Railway Stations 
The closest Railway station : Thiruvalla (9 K.M.). Most of the Express trains stops here as it is the only station in Pathanamthitta District.
Airports 
Kochi International Airport, Nedumpaserry - 135 K.M. (via Alapuzha) 
Trivandrum International Airport - 130 K.M. 
Air India ticket booking office is at Ramanchira in Thiruvalla. 
Air India, Thiruvalla : 0469-2605619 
Boat Service 
Boat Services by KSWTC is available from Changanacherry and Thiruvalla (Pulikeezhu) to Kuttanadu and Alapuzha. 
Rest Houses & Lodging 
There are few good private Lodges available in Thiruvalla. Also there is a Govt. Rest House. There is a Cloak Room in Thiruvalla railway station. 
Postal Facilities 
There is a Post Office in Kallooppara. Also, there are few small post offices in the panchayat. However, the General Post Office is in Thiruvalla Town. 

</doc>
<doc id="20679112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679112" title="Kavumbhagom">
Kavumbhagom

This place serves as a major road route connecting Changanasserry, Thiruvalla, Edathua and Mavelikkara. Traditionally, Kavumbhagom was the area around Karunattu Kaavu temple. It was the junction where Tiruvalla-Mavelikkara Road meets Kottayam-Mavelikkara route. As the new road was constructed from Ambili Junction in early 80s, the place which was formerly known as Erankavu started to be known as Kavumbhagom. The former Kavumbhagom Jn. is now called "Anchalkutty", thanks to the post box situated there.
History.
The Kaavil market (which is no longer in existence) was once one of the most famous markets of Kerala where there were even foreign trade links.This market was actually situated in the street starting from Erankavu temple to the Kaavil temple in the present Kavumbhagom. Even now the houses in this street are known as "Kaavil" among their friends and relatives and the houses in the now Pushpagiri-Tholassery area as "Malayil" because they are on an elevated area compared to Kaavil. It was also the first settlement area of early Christians of Tiruvalla. We can see quotes about this then famous street and its people in the renowned poem " Unnuneeli Sandesham". This was the heartplace of Thiruvalla up to the 19th Century (East to M C road was forest area. Dens were found in the KSRTC garage area, which are now buried).
The first school in Thiruvalla started somewhere in mid 19th century in Kaavil market, in the road to Pallippalam. Still all the traditional religious processions are required to pass through this way only, in spite of the new roads constructed parallelly.

</doc>
<doc id="20679118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679118" title="St. Joseph's Convent High School, Mumbai">
St. Joseph's Convent High School, Mumbai

St. Joseph's Convent High School, Mumbai is an all-girls school in Vile Parle, Mumbai, India. It is an institution under The Sisters of St. Joseph of Tarbes (in France).
History.
The school was established in Mumbai in 1963 by the sisters of St. Joseph of Tarbes, and is a government school managed by the nuns and teachers.
The school building was made by Mother Mechtilde, Sr. Seraphie and other sisters who came to Mumbai from France via Bangalore. The headmistress of the school is Rev. Sister Eliza Joseph. The school manager is Sister Maria.
Features.
The AV room has modern sound and audio systems. Other facilities include a library and many laboratories. The school is equipped with modern technology known as 'The Smart Class.
The school building has three levels, and there are plans to add a fourth level to cater for a First and Second year junior college.
External links.
Mentions of St. Joseph's Convent High School: 

</doc>
<doc id="20679123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679123" title="Kodumon">
Kodumon

Temples.
Chilanthi Temple - Kodumon is famous for the Chilanthi temple situated 1.5 km east of Kodumon junction. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess (Palliara Devi). People from all over Kerala and India throng this place to seek help for treatment of spider poisoning and related insect bites.
Kodumon Vaikundapuram temple is one of the other most important temple in kodumn village..this temple is dedicated to lord Vishnu

</doc>
<doc id="20679127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679127" title="Koipuram">
Koipuram

Koipuram village has 100% literacy. Kumbanad, Muttumon, Pullad, Poovathoor, Kadapara are the nodal points. The village has large number of banks and Christian churches. Almost every family has members outside Kerala, large number of NRIs. Communities predominantly are Marthomites.
History.
Koipuram was once a very dense forest area, which were a part of the forests that lead along all the way till Kumbanad. The first occupants of this place was considered to be by the Kovilans, who eloped from Malabar, northern part of Kerala. As the Tippu Sultan, approached northern Kerala for his campaign, some of the generals of the zamorins were instructed to elope to central Kerala to save the lives of the women and children. They at first occupied on the southern bank of the River Pamba, as e preliminary stage of occupancy. They built a temple on that river bank, which they had brought from Malabar when they eloped. This temple is considered to be the present day Idanattidam Devi Temple. Later on, they finalized their occupancy and moved on to the northern bank of the river. They deforested the area and started plantation. Later on, due to the influence of the river, trade flourished on the banks of the river. A daily evening market was held on at the south eastern part of Koipuram, which is supposed to be, the present day Arattupuzha. As trade flourished, the Kovilans became more influential in the area and they were the predominant power in places nearing, present day Aranmula. However, enemies kept on attacking the province due to the crave on wealth and geography. The Kovilans were mightier and invincible than any other force which occupied central Kerala and thus the were not at all laid down by any other province or their army. The place name was then changed to Kovil-puram since the Kovilans occupied it. As trade and economy had put on a surge, the Kovilans became much likely to be invincible. With, present day Nellickal as their headquarters, they set for a rule where no one could ever threaten a province. Afterwards, during the Royal British Rule period, they were forced to remain under the jurisdiction of Her Majesty The Queen since they had promised allegiance to the Trivandrum Palace, where now is the present day capital of Kerala.
Palliyodam.
The Koipuram palliyodam, which was being shared between two NSS Karayogams, Koipuram and Nellickal for almost 20 years back. Later on, as a part of the conflict between the two places, Nellickal Karayogam conceded to withdraw their share from the Palliyodam cost and Koipuram karayogam owned the palliyodam for themselves from then till now. The past of the palliyodam is well versed throughout the Aranmula premises. It is said that once the Palliyodam has crossed a barrier in front of it, in form of a ridge in the river, without any external help by surging over it. Some say it is supposed to be pure myth while the historians are not yet sure about the incident since there are not much practical evidences rather than some hearsay.
The Palliyodam has scored lot more than any other palliyodams, though being in second position to Nedumprayar. The rivalry between these two places extend long back to decades as both of these were the supreme powers in Aranmula boat race for over a period of time. Evidences show that both of these palliyodams are built in a common style named 'ottamanikkaal' which is considered to be a rare form of creation.
Landscape.
Being on the northern bank of the River Pamba, Koipuram provides a marvelous view of landscapes and scenarios. The present day "Varattaar" which is a seasonal river, is the old course of the River Pamba and has been narrowed due to the introduction of a bridge. The place offers fantastic soothing landscapes and traditions, where it is possible to see a typical Indian Village life.

</doc>
<doc id="20679128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679128" title="Kollamula">
Kollamula

Demographics.
Majority of people are Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="20679150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679150" title="State Assembly of Bashkortostan">
State Assembly of Bashkortostan

The National Assembly - Kurultay is the supreme representative and legislative body of the Republic of Bashkortostan. Its members are elected for four years.
The jurisdiction of the National Assembly includes the adoption and amendment of the Constitution, the definition of domestic and foreign policy Dealing with the change of borders, the definition of administrative and territorial structure, the approval of the state budget.
It succeeded the Supreme Soviet in 1995 and has two chambers: The House of Representatives and the Legislative House. The Chairman of the State Assembly presides over both chambers. 
The Chairman of the State Assembly is Konstantin Tolkachov from March 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20679153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679153" title="John Irving (disambiguation)">
John Irving (disambiguation)

John Irving (born 1942) is an American novelist and Academy Award-winning screenwriter.
John Irving may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679162" title="Ernest Menault">
Ernest Menault

Ernest Menault (1830, Angerville -1903) was a French author and zoologist
He wrote, principally "Les Insectes nuisibles à l' Agriculture et à la Viticulture", "L’intelligence des animaux" and
"L’amour maternel chez les animaux".

</doc>
<doc id="20679165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679165" title="James Bain">
James Bain

James Bain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679167" title="Polly Carver-Kimm">
Polly Carver-Kimm

Polly Carver-Kimm is a television personality in the Des Moines, Iowa area.
She was a DJ on KIOA for approximately 20 years, through July 2007. She subsequently was hired to do communications for the Iowa Department of Public Health.
Carver-Kimm has also hosted the televised multi-state Powerball lottery drawing when Mike Pace was on vacation. (The original Powerball emcee, Pace, retired from hosting the twice-weekly drawings, as the regular drawing venue moved to Florida, which hosted the game's drawings beginning January 7, 2009.)

</doc>
<doc id="20679176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679176" title="Konnithazham">
Konnithazham


</doc>
<doc id="20679180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679180" title="Kunnamthanam">
Kunnamthanam

It is one of the nine villages that form Mallapally Taluk of Pathanamthitta district. 
Kunnamthanam is also known as one of the major t-junction in the pathanamthitta district. Famous Madthilkavu bhagavathi temple and 
St. Mary's Sehion Orthodox Church (also called Vallamala Palli) situated in Kunnamthanam.
NSS High School is the oldest school in Kunnamthanam.
Demographics.
Kunnamthanam has two popular temples 1) Madathilkavil Bhagavathi Temple, 2) Pullappukave Shiva Temple.
Popular St Joseph Catholic church, kunnamthanam besides the Kunnamthanam - Manthanam road.<br>
and Little Servants of the Divine Providence (Convent with Providence Home) started and situvated here

</doc>
<doc id="20679191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679191" title="Kabhi Aaye Na Judaai">
Kabhi Aaye Na Judaai

Kabhi Aaye Na Judaai meaning "Let Separation Never come" was an Indian Hindi daily soap opera on STAR Plus. It is a story of a united family which finds itself confronted with the biggest temptation of all times - money.
Plot.
The story deals with the problems that money brings along changing the fabric of their relationship. How a happy family breaks down to the temptation that money brings. How their interpersonal relationships change.And most importantly, how the relationship between Rajeswar and Radhika, which has bravely confronted the tests of time all these years, changes.

</doc>
<doc id="20679195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679195" title="Lurambi Constituency">
Lurambi Constituency

Lurambi Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kakamega District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20679203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679203" title="FERMT2">
FERMT2

Fermitin family homolog 2 (FERMT2) also known as pleckstrin homology domain-containing family C member 1 (PLEKHC1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "FERMT2" gene.
Function.
FERMT2 is a component of extracellular matrix structures in mammalian cells and is required for proper control of cell shape change.
Interactions.
FERMT2 has been shown to interact with FBLIM1.

</doc>
<doc id="20679234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679234" title="Kurampala">
Kurampala

Demographics.
Kurampala is in the sub urbs of Pandalam town in Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="20679268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679268" title="Mylapra">
Mylapra

It comes under the Mylapra Panchayath. Mylapra is a fast-developing town and business center. It is on the way to the famous Hindu pilgrim center of Sabarimala. The Main Eastern Highway (Punalur–Pathanamthitta–Muvattupuzha Road/SH-08) passes through Mylapra.
Etymology.
The word "mylapra" is derived from two Malayalam words: "myle" (a peacock) and "appuram" (the other side). It is believed that a hunter used a sword to kill a peacock but the peacock escaped narrowly and fell on one side and the sword hit the other. This was the birth of the names of two places, viz Mylapra and Vettipuram. "Myle (peacock) appuram (that side), Vett (cut) ipuram (this side). The side where the peacock fell is named Mylapra; the side where the sword fell is Vettipuram.
Education.
Mylapra is renowned for its schools and other educational institutions, which offer best-in class amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="20679271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679271" title="Naranganam">
Naranganam


</doc>
<doc id="20679273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679273" title="Nedumpuram">
Nedumpuram


</doc>
<doc id="20679279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679279" title="Pandalam Thekkekara">
Pandalam Thekkekara


</doc>
<doc id="20679292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679292" title="Lectionary 2276">
Lectionary 2276

Lectionary 2276, designated by ℓ "2276" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves, dated paleographically to the 12th, 13th or 14th century.
Description.
It is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 55 parchment leaves (29.2 by 23 cm), 2 columns per page, 28 lines per page. The codex contains the weekday Gospel Lessons ("Evangelistarium"), which were read from Easter to Pentecost and Saturday/Sunday Gospel lessons for the other weeks.
It is dated by the INTF to the 13th or 14th century.
In 2007 it was digitised by the CSNTM.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (MS. 21) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="20679294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679294" title="Shinyalu Constituency">
Shinyalu Constituency

Shinyalu Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kakamega District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.
Wards.
The constituency has six wards, all electing councillors for the Kakamega County Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="20679298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679298" title="Alfred Kern">
Alfred Kern

Alfred Kern (August 8, 1924 – June 2, 2009) was an American novelist and professor.
He served as the Frederick F. Seely Professor of English at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania, from the 1950s until his retirement in the mid-1980s.
During the 1979–1980 academic year, Kern was Distinguished Visiting Professor of English at the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado, which inspired several articles relating the arts to the military. These were published in the USAF journals.
During the 1980s, he also experimented with writing poetry using computers with an Allegheny College colleague, James Sheridan. According to a family member, he lived in Pittsburgh after retiring from Allegheny for about 10 years (apx 1987–1996), where he is still remembered (see "Sunday Forum: The Greed Trap" by Tom O'Boyle, 11-16-2008 Pittsburgh Post Gazette).
Born Alfred Cohen August 8, 1924, in Alliance, Ohio, he legally changed his name in 1946. During World War II he served in the U.S. Army Air Forces (1942–46) and graduated from Allegheny College (1948) and New York University (1954). He died June 2, 2009 in Wilmington, North Carolina(http://www.legacy.com/NYTimes/DeathNotices.asp?Page=Lifestory&PersonId=128033028).

</doc>
<doc id="20679300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679300" title="Philip Boucher-Hayes">
Philip Boucher-Hayes

Philip Boucher-Hayes is head of RTÉ's Radio Investigative Unit. He is a news reporter, radio presenter and occasionally appears on television. As a news reporter, RTÉ has dispatched Boucher-Hayes to a number of remote locations including Kosovo, Israel, Iran, Iraq and New York City. He has reported on numerous domestic issues such as suspicious murders and the quality of water and has also presented "Investigation on One" on RTÉ Radio One, recently being seen on RTÉ One presenting "Buyer Beware!" He has also appeared on television shows such as "The Panel" to discuss his work.
Early life.
Boucher-Hayes was born in County Kildare. He was educated in Newtown School, Waterford and began his journalism career as a freelance contributor to local newspapers before going on to study History and Politics in University College Dublin (UCD).
Career.
Early career.
Boucher-Hayes joined RTÉ in 1993. He began his career by reporting on RTÉ Radio 1's "Five Seven Live" and RTÉ 2fm's "The Gerry Ryan Show" before producing "The Gay Byrne Show". In 1997 he defected to Today FM precursor Radio Ireland for a midday presenting slot, but rejoined the "5-7 Live" reporting team on RTÉ Radio 1 in 1998. He was reported in 2006 as being the new presenter of "Five Seven Live".
Reporting work.
Boucher-Hayes has reported from destinations as diverse as Kosovo, Latin America, Israel, occupied Palestinian territories and Iran. He has been RTÉ's reporter for numerous historic events, including stints in Southeast Asia (post Asian tsunami), New York City (for September 11 attacks) and Iraqi Kurdistan (during the American-led invasion which preceded the Iraq War in 2003). In 2006 he broke the Israeli blockade of Lebanon, becoming the first reporter to do so, and covered the duration of the July War from Beirut and Tyre. His coverage of the 14-year-old death of Brian Rossiter whilst in the custody of gardaí won him the Media Justice Award in 2005. In 2006's "Peak Oil" he was the man behind the series of features on Ireland's looming energy crisis. He also covered the release from jail of Irish politician Liam Lawlor. Other issues addressed include the Galway water contamination crisis.
Radio work.
Boucher-Hayes presents the investigative radio series, "Investigation on One" on RTÉ Radio One each Monday evening. The show is given its own segment on "Today with Pat Kenny" the morning before broadcast, with Boucher-Hayes presenting the evidence in a style that has been compared to a "scene where Hercule Poirot explains the whole thing to an assembly of slow-witted guests in the drawing room". He covers such topics as the spraying of vegetables, particularly mushrooms, with carcinogenic chemicals.
Television work.
Boucher-Hayes presents the consumer affairs programme "Buyer Beware!" and appeared on "The Panel" on 27 November 2008.
Personal life.
Boucher-Hayes lives in County Wicklow with his wife Suzanne Campbell. He is the nephew of fellow RTÉ radio broadcaster Myles Dungan.

</doc>
<doc id="20679353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679353" title="Pazhavangadi (Pathanamthitta)">
Pazhavangadi (Pathanamthitta)


</doc>
<doc id="20679354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679354" title="Peringanadu">
Peringanadu

Culture.
Peringanadu is a small village located near Adoor. 
the village boasts of secular feeling entrenched in its soul. it is expressed through various fesivals and celebrations, prominent among them are ulsavam in the month of March–April and also the Christian festivals of St Gregorios and St George. 
The very famous Shiva Temple, Peringanadu Trichenda Mangalam Mahadeva Temple is located here. The Temple is famous for its 'Kettu Kazhcha' during the annual festival. "Kettu Kazhcha" is the procession of huge chariot("thaeru") and bull("Kaala") made of wood and cloth by groups belonging to different areas("karaa").
Famous Malayalam satirist E.V. Krishna Pillai lived in Peringanad. Adoor Bhasi, a famous comedian in Malayalam Cinema, is the son of E.V. Krishna Pillai. Malayalam writer Munshi Paramu Pillai also belongs to Peringanad.
Peringanad Marth Shmooni Orthodox Valiya Palli, established in 1850 AD is the first church in India in the name of Marth Shmooni (St. Shmuni), her Seven Children and their teacher Mar Eliazer (St. Eliazer). The sister church St. Gregorious Orthodox Church also adds beauty to this place.

</doc>
<doc id="20679356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679356" title="Peringara">
Peringara

Administration.
The village is administered by a gram panchayat.
Places of worship.
Yamarkulangara Ganapathi Temple,
Peringara Lakshmi Narayana Temple,
Puthukulangara Devi Temple and
Madappallikavu Devi Temple
Education.
PMV High School, Govt Girls HS (Peringara)

</doc>
<doc id="20679358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679358" title="Perumpetty">
Perumpetty

Demographics.
Perumpetty is a village under Mallappally Taluk in Pathanamthitta district, in the state of Kerala, India. Rubber plantations are a major source of income for the local population.
Places under Perumpetty Village'.
1) Chalappally
2) Vrindavanam
3) Valiyakunnam - to be confirmed
4) Vellayil
5) Kottanadu
6) Athiyal
7) Chettiyarmukku
8) Puthukudimukku
9) Kariyamplavu
10) Pothrayilkulam
11) Arayalumkal
12) Methanam
13) Madathumchal
14) Kandanperoor
15) Kakkamala
16) Thaliyanickel
17) Puthoormukku
18) Chuttumon
19) Perumpetty

</doc>
<doc id="20679363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679363" title="Frank Skartados">
Frank Skartados

Frank Skartados (; born January 3, 1956) is the Assemblyman for the 104th district of the New York State Assembly which includes both the town and city of Newburgh, as well as Beacon, the city of Poughkeepsie, Marlboro, Lloyd and Shawangunk. He defeated 14-year incumbent Thomas Kirwan in 2008. A Democrat, Skartados was the Assemblyman of the 100th district from 2008 – 2010. Kirwan narrowly recaptured the seat in 2010 but died in late 2011. On March 20, 2012, a special election was held for the vacant seat, which Skartados won with more than 60 percent of the vote.
Early Life and Career.
Frank Skartados was the seventh of eight children. He was born on the Greek island of Astypalaia. He grew up on a small farm which he helped his father maintain.
At age 14, on July 4, 1970, Frank arrived in New York City with his mother. Skartados graduated from George Washington High School in upper Manhattan. He later worked in the restaurant industry and eventually owned one. His business savvy eventually allotted him the funds to educate himself at the State University of New York at New Paltz. He graduated with honors and a degree in Political Science. At the same time, he worked at the Commandant’s Office of the New York Military Academy in Cornwall, NY.
Post SUNY New Paltz, Skartados attained a master’s degree in International Studies at the State University of California at Sacramento. He later served an internship at the United Nations Center Against Apartheid. For the next eight years he returned to the New York Military Academy to serve as chairman of the Health Department. He was also a teacher of Environmental Studies and American History.
In 2000, Skartados abdicated his seat at the Military academy. Since he has devoted his life to renovating properties in downtown Poughkeepsie, including building the Aegean Entertainment Center, the largest entertainment venue between Albany and New York City. Frank is the founder and president of the Academy Street Business Association in Poughkeepsie. The former assembly person helped in the revitalization of the street’s business environment which changed the negative perception of the area. In addition to his work with the Poughkeepsie Partnership – a go-between to promote the partnership of business and city government agencies – Frank also served on the mayor’s Promotions & Events Committee to help further promote and attract new people to the city of Poughkeepsie.
Currently, Skartados is converting his farm in Milton, NY, to the new technology of aquaponics to show local farmers they can save their land – and make a living – by farming year-round using solar, wind and geothermal energy. He is a proponent of agritourism.

</doc>
<doc id="20679364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679364" title="Thomas Nugent, 6th Earl of Westmeath">
Thomas Nugent, 6th Earl of Westmeath

Thomas Nugent, 6th Earl of Westmeath KP PC (Ire) (April 1714 – 7 September 1792), styled Lord Delvin from 1752 to 1754 was an Irish peer and freemason.
He gained the title Earl of Westmeath in 1754 on the death of his father John Nugent, 5th Earl of Westmeath. In 1758, he was sworn off of the Privy Council of Ireland. Nugent was appointed Grandmaster of the Grand Lodge of Ireland in 1763, a post he held for the following four years.
By his first wife, Mary Stapleton, he had one son:
By his second wife, Catherine White, he had three sons and one daughter:
Westmeath was made a Founding Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 11 March 1783. He died in 1792 and was succeeded by his son George.

</doc>
<doc id="20679368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679368" title="Pramadom">
Pramadom

Demographics.
The one and only Indoor stadium in Pathanamthitta district is situated in Pramadom.A dream project of the natives of Pramadom.A joint venture of state and central govts. The stadium has been constructed at a cost of Rs.2 crore on 0.15 hectare of land along the Konni-Poonkavu road.The temple representing lord "Ayappa" is also situated on the pathanamthitta poonkavu road

</doc>
<doc id="20679369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679369" title="Puramattam">
Puramattam


</doc>
<doc id="20679370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679370" title="Thannithode">
Thannithode


</doc>
<doc id="20679380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679380" title="Thelliyoor">
Thelliyoor

Demographics.
Thelliyoor is a beautiful village in Pathanamthitta district 14 km from thiruvalla town situated in Kerala. this village is gifted by nature surrounded by green & waterfalls. The Thelliyoor is rich with the presence of Devi Thelliyoor Kavillama. The history says that it was a Kavu. (forest attacted to the temple) in which the snakes monkeys, etc., lived

</doc>
<doc id="20679381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679381" title="Blagojević">
Blagojević

Blagojević (), also anglicized as Blagojevich, is a Serbo-Croatian surname, derived from the male given name (patronymic) of "Blagoje". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679382" title="Vallicode-Kottayam">
Vallicode-Kottayam

References.
St. Mary's Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Cathedral

</doc>
<doc id="20679385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679385" title="Justice Hughes">
Justice Hughes

Justice Hughes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679387" title="Shatner's Raw Nerve">
Shatner's Raw Nerve

"Shatner's Raw Nerve" is a TV program on The Biography Channel. In it, William Shatner sits down with various celebrities and conducts offbeat interviews with them. Some celebrities who have appeared are Tim Allen, Drew Carey, Kelsey Grammer, Walter Koenig, Rush Limbaugh, Judith Sheindlin, "Weird Al" Yankovic, Jenna Jameson, and Leonard Nimoy. It is produced by Scott Sternberg Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20679389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679389" title="Rodolfo Pérez">
Rodolfo Pérez

Rodolfo Adrian Pérez Gentile (born October 21, 1967) is a former field hockey player from Argentina. He twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1992 and 1996. Pérez finished in ninth and eleventh place with the national squad.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20679396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679396" title="Ikolomani Constituency">
Ikolomani Constituency

Ikolomani Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kakamega District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.
Wards.
The constituency has three wards, all electing councillors for the Kakamega County Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="20679398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679398" title="Alamcode, Thiruvananthapuram">
Alamcode, Thiruvananthapuram

Demographics.
Alamcode is a part of Attingal Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20679399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679399" title="Anavoor">
Anavoor

Demographics.
Anavoor village-kunnathukal panchayath-neyyattinkara taluk-trivandrum district. Ghss Anavoor is the popular school. Agriculture is the main occupation of the people.
References.
Remani P Nair is the District Panchayath President. Not Anaavoor Nagappan

</doc>
<doc id="20679400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679400" title="Operation Board Games">
Operation Board Games

Operation Board Games is a federal fraud investigation initiated by United States Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald in December 2003, in order to investigate suspected fraud and extortion activity by Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. The investigation's name is a reference to two governing bodies in Illinois: one board controlling the Teacher's Pension System, and the second being the Health Facilities Planning Board.
History.
In summer 2006, Fitzgerald indicated that he was investigating allegations of "endemic hiring fraud" in state agencies under Blagojevich's control as part of the federal Operation Board Games probe. The effort was characterized at that time as locating "a number of credible witnesses" but Blagojevich was not accused of any unlawful activities. The May 2007 indictment of Chicago attorney Edward Vrdolyak for his "alleged involvement in a kickback scheme concerning the sale of a Chicago Gold Coast neighborhood building was another piece of the "Operation Board Games" investigation.
A total of fifteen individuals have also been indicted in the course of the investigation. The thirteenth indictment, of William F. Cellini, Sr., which is seemingly the last one before Blagojevich and Harris, occurred in October 2008:
The focus of the investigation was on Blagojevich, which led to the Rod Blagojevich corruption charges. Blagojevich was convicted on 17 of 20 counts on June 27, 2011.
Obama not involved.
Former Senator and President of the USA, Barack Obama is not accused of any wrongdoing nor a target or subject of the investigation, as Fitzgerald has emphasized to the media. The President-elect at the time was not mentioned in the initial indictment, other than the explanation that the vacated Senate seat in question was the one he formerly held. His connections to another target in the investigation, Tony Rezko, who was indicted in September 2006 and convicted in June 2008, have attracted more attention, however. The Obama family purchased a strip of land next to their Chicago house from Rezko's wife. The transaction was legal and at market prices, but occurred after Tony Rezko's initial criminal implications.

</doc>
<doc id="20679401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679401" title="Andoorkonam">
Andoorkonam

It is located approximately 20 km from Thiruvananthapuram city. Andoorkonam is noted for its reserves of Kaolinite (china clay). The temple of Sree Ramadasa Ashram is located nearby.
Demographics.
Maruppancodu devi temple and kudamuttom jama ath is situated in this place and AKG Samskarika samithy and REPUBLIC LIBRARY is situated in this place.All brothers arts and sports club also situated in andoorkonam.
Geography.
The village is surrounded by Pallippuram to the north, Vembayam to the east, VavaraAmbalam to the west and Kazhakoottam to the south.
The 220 KV Substation of KSEB is located in Andoorkonam. Recently it became known that Real estate mafia has purchased acres of Land nearby the substation and holding it.
THETTIYAR THODU
Starting from Old SREEKARIYAM Panchayathu(Now Thiruvananthapuram Corporation) and it flows into VELI KAYAL via POTHENCODE, ANDOORKONAM, Old KAZHAKKUTTOM Panchayathu(Now a part of Thiruvananthapuram Corporation). It is the only one water shed Project in Thiruvananthapuram Taluk.
All brothers arts&sports club also situated in andoorkonam.C.M.brothers arts and sports club is also takes part in the cultural activities in this place.

</doc>
<doc id="20679404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679404" title="Aruvikkara">
Aruvikkara

Demographics.
xxxx

</doc>
<doc id="20679405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679405" title="Aryanad">
Aryanad


</doc>
<doc id="20679409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679409" title="Athiyannur, Thiruvananthapuram">
Athiyannur, Thiruvananthapuram

Athiyannur is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20679410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679410" title="Azhoor">
Azhoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679411" title="Chemmaruthy">
Chemmaruthy


</doc>
<doc id="20679415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679415" title="Piano pedagogy">
Piano pedagogy

Piano pedagogy is the study of the teaching of piano playing. Whereas the professional field of music education pertains to the teaching of music in school classrooms or group settings, piano pedagogy focuses on the teaching of musical skills to individual piano students. This is often done via private or semiprivate instructions, commonly referred to as piano lessons. The practitioners of piano pedagogy are called piano pedagogues, or simply, piano teachers.
Professional training.
The range of professionalism among teachers of piano is undoubtably wide. "Competent instruction is not always assured by the number of years one has taken lessons", warned piano pedagogue and writer of numerous pedagogical books, James Bastien. The factors which affect the professional quality of a piano teacher include one's competence in musical performance, knowledge of musical genres, music history and theory, piano repertoire, experience in teaching, ability to adapt one's teaching method to students of different personalities and learning styles, education level, and so on. 
Musicians without degrees in piano pedagogy.
In the United States, piano lessons may be offered by teachers without higher education specifically focused in piano performance or piano pedagogy. Some teachers may hold degrees in another discipline in music, such as music education or another performance area (voice, orchestral instrument, etc.). Other teachers, without higher education in music, may have studied piano playing independently or have been self-taught.
Undergraduate and graduate studies in piano pedagogy.
The field of piano pedagogy may be studied through academic programs culminating in the attainment of a bachelor, master, or doctoral degree at music colleges or conservatories. The undergraduate level may require many years of prior piano studies and previous teaching experience as prerequisites for application. At the graduate level, many schools require applicants to have some teaching experience and at least a bachelor of music or equivalent experience in piano performance and/or pedagogy.
Although virtually all piano pedagogy programs include a significant portion of performance requirement, the pedagogy major may be distinct from the performance major at some schools. Some members of the latter group may have the option to take courses in the teaching of piano, but not all do.
Professional organizations in the USA.
Many piano teachers hold memberships in professional organizations, to maintain their commitment to pedagogy and to network with peers and others in music. These organizations often offer teachers' workshops, conferences, mentorship programs, publications on piano pedagogy, and opportunities for scholarships, competitions, and performances for the students of members. Some prominent organizations in the United States include:
Professional Organizations in Canada.
The main organization that offers certificates and testing curriculum in Canada is Royal Conservatory of Music. There are three levels in their certificate program; elementary, intermediate and advanced. Elementary pedagogy certificate enables teachers to teach beginners up to grade two piano, while intermediate certificate allows teachers to teach up to grade 6 piano. Advanced piano pedagogy is known as "ARCT" (Associate of Royal Conservatory of Toronto), which enables teachers to teach up to grade 10. There are also a number of theory and history examinations that accompany each certificate program which must be completed.
Topics of study.
Piano pedagogy involves the study and teaching of motor, intellectual, problem-solving, and artistic skills involved in playing the piano effectively. Citing the influence of Zoltán Kodály, Carl Orff, Émile Jaques-Dalcroze, Russian-American piano pedagogue at Longy School of Music, Dr. Faina Bryanskaya, advocates a holistic approach which integrates as many aspects of music-making as possible at once would result in the most effective piano teaching.
Ear training.
Dr. Bryanskaya argues that the foremost task for piano teachers at the beginning of a student's study is the introduction of a habit of listening to quality performances of “descriptive and strikingly expressive music”, as a means for "sensitizing student to the meaning of music".
Rhythm.
Teaching rhythm is important for the student to be able to learn a piece accurately, and also to confidently perform a practiced piece. Developing an internal metronome may also play a significant role when teaching rhythm. Teachers may encourage students to count out loud when practicing, or practice with a metronome to develop a steady internal beat. 
Technique.
Good piano playing technique involves the simultaneous understanding in both the mind and the body of the relationships between the elements of music theory, recognition of musical patterns in notation and at the fingertips, the physical landscape of the entire range of the keyboard, finger dexterity and independence, and a wide range of touch and tone production for a variety of emotional expressions. Skills in all of these areas are typically nurtured and developed for the sake of expressing oneself more effectively and naturally through the sound of the piano, so that the elements of technique will sound alive with musicality.
Improvisation.
Modern piano lessons tend to overemphasize learning notation, and may neglect developing the creative spirit and sensitive ears which lead to expressive music-making. Studies point to the need for using multiple approaches in learning musical skills which engage both sides of the brain—the analytical and the intuitive—for students to master all aspects of playing. Therefore, teaching improvisation skills may help students take ownership of the expressive quality of the music they make, and to keep music learning and practicing alive and interesting. One way to do so is to make up stories full of different emotions through improvising, in order to reinforce concepts of music theory already introduced and to develop a wide range of touch and tone production.
Sight reading.
Sight reading heavily depends on the students' ability to understand rhythm, and recognize musical patterns. Teaching sight reading can include teaching students to recognize intervals, scale passage patterns, note reading and the ability to internalize rhythm. The ability to have strong knowledge of different major and minor key signatures can also help students anticipate the accidentals they should expect when sight reading. 
Memorization.
Memorization is useful to perform a piece confidently. It gives the student ability and freedom to experience the music for all of its intricacies as opposed to focusing on the technicalities of notes and rhythm. Memorization can come easily to some students, and harder for others. The most common memorization technique is muscle memory. However reliance on muscle memory alone can hinder students if they have not made the cognitive connection between every note they play, and leaves room for lots of memory slips. To have a strong foundation of memorization, students should be able to visualize everything that they play, and be able to start from any passage. 
Effective memorization results from the “combination of visual, kinaesthetic, aural and analytical skills”.
Repertoire.
Well-known keyboard works written with special attention for pedagogical purposes in mind include:
Venues offering instructions in piano playing.
The teaching of piano playing most often take place in the form of weekly private lessons, in which a student and a teacher have one-on-one meetings. Instructions may sometimes be offered semi-privately (one teacher meeting with a small group of two or more students) or in classes of larger groups, in other intervals of time. Piano lessons are offered in a variety of different settings, including the following:
Further reading.
Bryanskaya, Faina (1988). "The Key to Music Making: Piano Method for Beginners, Parts I, II, & III." Providence, RI: White Lilac Press. ISBN 0-929571-00-2, ISBN 0-929571-01-0, ISBN 0-929571-02-9
Gerig, Reginald (2nd Ed. 2007). "Famous Pianists and their Technique." Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-34855-2
Magrath, Jane (1995). "Pianist's Guide to Standard Teaching and Performance Literature." Alfred Publishing Co. ISBN 0-88284-655-8
Business skills for piano teachers and artists.
Riley, Peter Jason (2002). "The New Tax Guide for Artists of Every Persuasion." Limelight Editions: New York. ISBN 0-87910-966-1
Colombo, Sebastián (2013). Vicente Scaramuzza. La vigencia de una escuela pianística. Editorial Círculo Rojo. ISBN 978-84-9050-015-6

</doc>
<doc id="20679431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679431" title="Française des Jeux (lottery)">
Française des Jeux (lottery)

Française des Jeux (FDJ) is the operator of France's national lottery games, and the title sponsor of the Française des Jeux cycling team. The name of the company translates as The French Games. The company is owned and operated by the French government.
In addition to lottery games, the company also provides online games and sports betting markets, such as football, cycling and track/field.

</doc>
<doc id="20679443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679443" title="1976–77 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1976–77 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1976–77 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 50th season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing eighteenth.
The season also saw the arrival of Robin Friday who, although it would be his only full season at the club, made such an impression that he was voted as the clubs all-time cult hero.

</doc>
<doc id="20679451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679451" title="Chenkal (village)">
Chenkal (village)

Chenkal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
Demographics.
near
neyyattinkara
parasala
udiyankulangara
vlathankara
olathanni
pazhayakada

</doc>
<doc id="20679457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679457" title="Aequornithes">
Aequornithes

Aequornithes (from Latin "aequor", expanse of water + Greek "ornithes", birds) are defined as "the least inclusive clade containing Gaviidae and Phalacrocoracidae". The monophyly of the group is currently supported by several molecular phylogenetic studies.
As proposed, it includes the orders Gaviiformes, Sphenisciformes, Procellariiformes, Ciconiiformes, Suliformes and Pelecaniformes. It does not include several unrelated groups of aquatic birds such as flamingos and grebes (Mirandornithes), shorebirds and auks (Charadriiformes), or the Anseriformes.

</doc>
<doc id="20679465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679465" title="Sokołda (river)">
Sokołda (river)

Sokołda - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship, a tributary of the Supraśl River, with a length of 57.5 kilometres and the basin area of 464 km2
Tributaries.
Major tributaries of Sokołda are:

</doc>
<doc id="20679472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679472" title="Minuscule 1780">
Minuscule 1780

Minuscule 1780 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) δ 412 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 198 parchment leaves (30.6 cm by 22.7 cm). Paleografically it has been assigned to the 13th century (or about 1200).
Description.
The codex contains entire of the New Testament with unusual order of the General epistles. Written in one column per page, in 41-52 lines per page. The order of the books: Gospels, Acts, James, Pauline epistles, General epistles (except for James), the Apocalypse. It contains prolegomena to the Catholic epistle, and a commentary to the Apocalypse without the text.
The Greek text of the codex Kurt Aland did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has a mixture of the Byzantine families in Luke 1, and represents the textual family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20.
History.
Probably it was written in Calambria. Before World War I it was held in Kosinitza. It was examined by Lake in 1902. 
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 1) at Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="20679487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679487" title="Lacabòn">
Lacabòn

Lacabòn (or lecabòn) is a hand-crafted, traditional candy of Alessandria, Italy.
It is made in shape of a stick by kneading honey with sugar or egg white.
It is sold on Saint Anthony's Day (17 January), and especially on Saint Lucy's Day (13 December) in the "piazzetta" of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20679498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679498" title="Nebojša Gudelj">
Nebojša Gudelj

Nebojša Gudelj (born 23 September 1968 in Trebinje) is a former Bosnian Serb footballer and the current manager of NAC Breda
Club career.
Gudelj played for FK Leotar Trebinje in the Yugoslav Second League.
He won the First League of FR Yugoslavia championship with FK Partizan in 1993–94 season.
Personal.
The son of Gudelj, Nemanja, currently plays for the first team of AZ Alkmaar and NAC Breda youthplayer Dragi (* 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="20679507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679507" title="Athiel Mbaha">
Athiel Mbaha

Athiel Mbaha (born 5 December 1976 in Windhoek) is a Namibian football goalkeeper with United Africa Tigers.
A member of the Namibia national football team, Mbaha competed at the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations, playing against Ghana and Guinea. He has so far been capped 36 times.
He previously played for Orlando Pirates Windhoek, Black Leopards, Blue Waters, African Stars, Ramblers and Maritzburg United in the South African Premier Soccer League.
Mbaha has been deaf since the age of seven. He manages to communicate with his team-mates largely by screaming at them.

</doc>
<doc id="20679517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679517" title="Jan Wessel Hegg">
Jan Wessel Hegg

Jan Wessel Hegg (born 1 September 1938) is a Norwegian diplomat. He has served as the ambassador of the Kingdom of Norway to Greece, Indonesia, and Latvia.
Hegg is a distant relative of Peter Wessel.

</doc>
<doc id="20679520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679520" title="Edakkode">
Edakkode


</doc>
<doc id="20679525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679525" title="Edava">
Edava

Edava is a coastal village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India. Edava is located near the tourist spot Varkala.
History.
Edava was the frontier of the erstwhile Province of Travancore: Venad. This village is on the northwest boundary of Thiruvananthapuram district adjacent to the Arabian Sea and situated between two municipalities, Varkala to the south and Paravur to the north. The railway line between Trivandrum and Kollam passes through this village. Edava may be the only village in Kerala with two railway stations: Edava and Kappil. There is a road (TA Majeed Road) connecting Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram.
Edava has witnessed important historical events in Kerala. Historical references show that during the rule of Queen Umayamma one `Mughal Sardar' attacked Venad in the year 1680. His reign extended from the South of Thovala to Edava.
In the year 1726, Queen of Attingal gave permission to the British East Indian Company to build a Pandakasaala (warehouse) near what is now called Vettakkada, close to the Arabian Sea. But even before the setting up of this Pandakasaala, Denmark traders had constructed a trading hub over there. K P Padmanabha Menon, in his seminal work, Kerala History, has quoted English army captain Alexander Hamilton as saying that during the first leg of 18th century: "Here on the beach side, Denmark traders have a small warehouse with coconut-thatched roof. It is in a dilapidated condition. Their trading, likewise, is nominal." This location at Vettakkada is still named Paandiyala, a worn-out usage of Paandakasaala, which is the Malayalam for warehouse. 
The first printing press in the erstwhile Travancore, or perhaps in Kerala, with facility to print in Arabic script, was established in Edava in 1936. It was called Coronation Memorial Press and was situated at what is now called Press Mukku. Its establishment coincided with the coronation ceremony of Travancore King. Books printed at this press used to be sent to even in the present-day Pakistan. 
Edava's secular credentials are impeccable and sublime, with Hindus and Muslims living shoulder to shoulder without making any ripples in the placid social waters of this pristine village. There is no wonder because the village is just a microcosm of a larger Kerala. Edavites love to wake up to devotional songs from temples and call for prayers from mosques. Edavites, cutting across religious believes, enjoy major temple festivals in the village with all fervor and gaiety, without providing any room for nefarious elements to disturb this glorious tradition. Of particular mention are the temple festivals of Palakkav Temple and Sri Mangalyeshwari Devi Temple.
Edava is the birthplace of late T A. Majeed, who was the PWD Minister in the first Communist Ministry of 1957. Majeed is still cherished by old-timers and youngsters alike within the Communist party for his impeccable credentials and unblemished political career.
Geography.
Edava boasts of beautiful beaches and serene backwaters. They provide an ethereal and other-worldly experience to discerning tourists as well as people from the neighbouring villages. There is an estuary that links Edava-Nadayara lake to the Arabian sea here. During the monsoon season, water gushes out of the lake and reaches the sea; people from surrounding villages come to watch this natural phenomenon. There is a 1 km stretch of blue lagoon - with the sea and backwaters running parallel with the road in the middle.
Demographics.
While some people eke out a living through fishing, a majority of Edavites migrate to the Middle East countries in search of jobs, and a few find their livelihood in private sector. Edava has had a tradition of its people migrating to countries like Singapore and Malaysia in the 18th and 19th century and this trend still continues, albeit to the Gulf countries.
Transportation.
The main road of Edava is TA Majeed Road, which connects Varkala to Paravoor through Edava
Edava has two railway stations, one at Edava and the other at Kappil. Edava may be probably the only village in Kerala with two railway stations. The railway line which connects Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam passes through Edava.
The nearest main railway station is Varkala railway station.
The nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International Airport, 55 km from Edava.
Lakes.
Edava Nadayara lake and canal
Education.
Edava has privately owned and aided educational institutions. Institutions of education are affiliated to either, the Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE), or the Kerala State Education Board.
Major schools in Edava are:
UN-AIDED Schools
Places of worship.
Major mosques and temples : 
Hospitals.
The nearest hospital is at Varkala - Mangala Hospital, S.N. Medical Mission and Government Hospital Varkala
Prominent people.
>Late T A Majeed, PWD Minister in the EMS ministry, 1957, the first democratically elected Communist government in the world.
>Late Thakiyudeen Wahid, CMD and Director of now-defunct East West Airlines,India's first and largest private airline company.
>Late M R Mohammed Kunju (M.R), social reformer and founder of GMUPS and Edava Muslim High School.
>G.K. Pillai, movie actor
>Edava Basheer, playback singer
>Late Edava Jamal, poet and literary figure
>Thaha, Malayalam film director
>K.M.Ajirkutty, writer and poet  

</doc>
<doc id="20679529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679529" title="Mudakkal">
Mudakkal


</doc>
<doc id="20679530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679530" title="Iroopara">
Iroopara


</doc>
<doc id="20679531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679531" title="Kadakkavoor">
Kadakkavoor

Demographics.
Kadakkavoor, is a developing small town in Thiruvananthapuram District of Kerala.. This commercial and residential area is situated about 32 km north from the capital city Thiruvananthapuram and 33 km South of Kollam. The area covers a number of Shops, Banks, Commercial establishments Educational institutions, and Religious centers. The main landmarks are Kadakkavoor Railway Station, Over Bridge, Sndp Sakha669 Kadakkavur, Kadakkavur Sub Treasury, Syndicate Bank-Kadakkavoor branch, State Bank of Travencore-Kadakkavur Branch, The South Indian Bank Ltd.-Kadakkavoor Branch, Service Co-operative Bank, Kadakkavur Telephone Exchange, Kadakkavoor Police Station, Kadakkavur Sub Registrar Office, Kadakavoor K.S.E.B Office, Kadakkavoor Village Office, Kadakkavur Margin Free Market, Public Market, Post Office, Mission Hospital, Govt. Ayurvedadic Hospital, Apsala Ayurveda Hospital, R.R Dental Hospital, Janaki Nursing Home, Akshaya Shopping Complex, Rachana Printers, SSPB High School, S.N.V. Govt. Higher Secondary School, Tolstoy Memorial Public School etc. Other landmarks are Sree Subramanya Swamy Temple (Thevaru Nada), Ayantavila Sree Mahalakshmi Temple, Oottuparambu Siva Temple, Ayyappan Kovil-Chekkalavilakom Junction, Kochuthitta Sree Bhadra Devi Temple, Ayyappan Temple-Overbridge, Mundavilakom Devi Temple, Kakkotu Sastha Temple, Krishnan Kovil (Vrindavanam Temple),Thondalil Ardhanarreswara Temple, Guruvihar etc.
Kayikkara, the birthplace of Mahakavi Kumaranasan, one of the famous triumvirate poets of Kerala, is nearby. Anjuthengu, a place of historic importance, is another attraction near this town.
Numerous temples dedicated to Lord Vishnu and Lord Shiva are seen in this village. The village is emerging as a town now.
Regular buses are available for Attingal, Varkala, Chirayinkeezhu, Anchuthengu, Vakkom, Nilakkamukku, Mananakku, Anathalavattom, Kollampuzha, Kaikkara, Nedunganda, Plavazhikom, Vilabhagom, Vettur, Keezhattingal, Perumkulam, Palamkonam, Thoppichantha, Thottikkallu, Alamcodu, Venjaramoodu etc.
Kadakavur Railway Station is an important station between Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam. Thiruvananthapuram International Airport is the nearest airport.
This the birthplace of the nostalgic singer Brahmaanandan (Brahmanandan sang very few songs, but just about every one of them became a hit. A disciple of Kadakkavur Sundaram Bhagavathar and D. K. Jayaraman, he was a recipient of the All-India Radio Award for the best light music singer and the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi award.)
Kadakkavoor is the birth place Dr. Chandramohan, Former Vice Chancellor, Kannur University.

</doc>
<doc id="20679534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679534" title="Kallikkad">
Kallikkad

The famous Kanipattu strike was organised by the leaders of Kallikkad and Ottasekharamangalam. Vikraman Nair, Kallikkad Gangan (Gangadharan) Politburo member, Kunjiraman Nair etc. were the leaders. Kallikkad Ramachandran the famous filmmaker and writer was born in Kallikkad. K R Ajayan, the journalist and short story writer is from this village. Sporting union the famous sports club which contributed many youngsters to the field is here. Adhyathma Chinthalaya Ashramam is at Neyyardam-Kallikkad. Sivanda Yoga Kendra in Neyyardam is the world-denoted spiritual place at Neyyardam in Kallikkad. The Neyyardam was built in the land given by a famous agriculturist and landlord Mr. Karuvachi Krishnan Panicker, Maruthummootil, Kallikkad and many of his family members from Kallikkad. 
Kallikad Grama Panchayat was formed in 1962 from parts of Ottasekharamangalam Panchayat. Some parts of Kallikkad Panchayat were later shifted to Amboori Panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20679536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679536" title="Kalliyoor">
Kalliyoor

References.
Pincode-695042

</doc>
<doc id="20679539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679539" title="Karakulam">
Karakulam

Infrastructure.
Karakulam is located very close to Trivandrum city and has better road connectivity compared to other villages in the district. SH-2 which connects Trivandrum to Thirumangalam National Highway passes through this village. 
MC - Road cuts Karakulam village in kazhunadu, panthaplavu, maruthooru, chittazha wards and acts as the primary mode of connectivity to Trivandrum city. 
Apart from MC-Road and SH-2 Karakulam is well connected with other neighboring villages via Mullassery Road, Karakulam – Kachani Road etc..
Religious Significance.
Karakulam has great religious significance. There are many temples, churches and mosques throughout the village. Among these the most attractive are Vadakkedam (Enikkara) Shiva Temple, Thekkedam Vishnu Temple, Kunnoorshaala Sree Dharma Shasta Temple, Pathiyanadu Sree Bhadra Kali Temple, Ayanikkadu Mudippura Temple, Moodisasthamkode Temple, Thirumanoor Sri Mahadeva Temple, Karakulam Muslim Jama'ath (mosque), St Joseph’s Church and St Augustine’s Church (Aruvikkara).
Location.
Karakulam which adjoins the city area can be reached easily from Thiruvananthapuram Central Bus Station. It lies on Thiruvananthapuram – Sengottai road.main way to the nearest town Nedumangadu. There are good transportation facilities from the city and state transport buses ply through this village frequently. The nearest railway station and airport are Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station (10 km) and Trivandrum International Airport (15 km).

</doc>
<doc id="20679541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679541" title="Karavaram">
Karavaram


</doc>
<doc id="20679546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679546" title="Karode">
Karode

References.
Pin Code 695506.
KL 19

</doc>
<doc id="20679548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679548" title="Karumkulam">
Karumkulam


</doc>
<doc id="20679550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679550" title="Menamkulam">
Menamkulam

Kazhakkoottam-Menamkulam (Village) is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
It is 4km away from Technopark and Kazhakoottom railway staiton. Even though its a village,there are different projects and appartment from various builders.
References.
kjhk

</doc>
<doc id="20679551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679551" title="Keezharoor">
Keezharoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679556" title="Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai">
Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai

Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai (~1915-2000) was a traditional Balinese painter from Sanur, a beach resort near Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia. He was also known as I Bagus Nyoman Rai Tengkeng or Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai Klingking
Biography.
He was born in Sanur, Bali, Indonesia between 1907 and 1920. Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai came from a Brahmin family and began painting as a teenager. During the birth of the Pitamaha Art Association in the 1930s, Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai and other Sanur painters started selling drawings depicting the fisherman's life at the suggestion of Neuhaus brother who own a tropical fish shop in Sanur. Ida Bagus Nyoman Rai till his death drew mostly black and white drawings on paper.
During the 1930s he was befriended by a Swiss artist, Theo Meier (1908–1982) who became his first and loyal patron. Many of his works were found in the Theo Meier Estate that was sold in 2002. After the Second World War, he was befriended by the Australian artist Donald Friend who lived in Bali from 1968 to 1980 and had a house in Jimbaran beach. He was one of a few Balinese painters of his generation who produced drawings capturing historical events around their village. Several of his drawings depicted beached whales that often stranded on the shores of the Sanur beach. He also documented events during the Japanese occupation. One such work was recently found in the estate of Theo Meier. He died in 2000.
Works.
His works are scattered around the world in museums and private collectors. His works can be found at the National Gallery of Australia, Tropenmuseum in Amsterdam, Ethnographic Museum in Leiden, and the Museum der Kulturen in Basel, Switzerland. In Bali, his works can be viewed at the Agung Rai Art Museum and the Museum Puri Lukisan.

</doc>
<doc id="20679557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679557" title="Keezhattingal (village)">
Keezhattingal (village)

Keezhattingal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20679558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679558" title="Keezhthonnakkal">
Keezhthonnakkal


</doc>
<doc id="20679561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679561" title="Koonthalloor">
Koonthalloor


</doc>
<doc id="20679565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679565" title="Koduvazhannoor">
Koduvazhannoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679573" title="Koliyakode">
Koliyakode


</doc>
<doc id="20679578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679578" title="St. George's Church, Arreton">
St. George's Church, Arreton

St. George's Church, Arreton is a parish church in the Church of England located in Arreton, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval and the earliest traces are from the Norman period. 
Arreton's Church of St. George is renowned. Part of this church dates from the 12th century. The church features a Saxon wall and a Burma Star window. 
The short tower with its unique buttreses contains a ring of 6 bells the oldest of which was cast in 1589.
In this parish lived Elizabeth Wallbridge. She became so famous that many people, including Queen Victoria visited her grave.
The war memorial was designed by local architect, Percy Stone (1856–1934).
Organ.
The church has an historic organ dating from 1888 by the famous builder William Hill. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20679586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679586" title="Kollayil (village)">
Kollayil (village)

Kollayil is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.Kollayil Post Office PIN code is 691541, There are 3 schools in Kollayil area.

</doc>
<doc id="20679589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679589" title="Brian Pearce">
Brian Pearce

Brian Leonard Pearce (8 May 1915 – 25 November 2008) was a British Marxist politician, historian, and translator.
Biography.
Brian Pearce was born in Weymouth, Dorset on 9 May 1915. His father was an upwardly mobile engineer, his mother a domestic servant of Irish extraction. Brian was their only child, a shy and precocious boy, poor at athletics and not popular among his peers. His father's growing prosperity allowed the young Brian the freedom to travel. In 1931 he went to Germany and in 1933 to France, where he further developed the language skills which he had learned in school.
Although his parents were Tories, Brian's father investigated a few early issues of the Communist Party of Great Britain's organ, "The Daily Worker," which Brian read thoroughly. He was also greatly influenced by an uncle who worked as a railwayman and who was a partisan of the socialist Independent Labour Party. Brian also read various books and pamphlets which he purchased on his own from a radical bookseller located on Charing Cross Road.
Brian briefly worked for a company which produced trade journals before going away to University College London in 1934. It was there as a history student that Pearce joined the Communist Party.
While he had been expected to get a first in History and to win a scholarship to further pursue his own research in the Tudor period, en route to a career in academia, he instead received an upper second on his last exam. His only choice if he was to proceed on a PhD program would be to work under the close direction of a supervisor on a topic not of his own choosing. He labored at that unpleasant task for two years before discovering that another person was almost finished plowing the same research ground, making award of a PhD unlikely. Pearce henceforth chose to follow a different path.
Pearce married for the first time in 1939 to a party comrade, Lilla Fox. The pair had 3 children before separating in the late 1940s.
Pearce was drafted into the military early in 1940 and was stationed in the north of England. His wartime experiences were uneventful.
After being demobilized, Pearce went to work in the civil service, where he learned Russian. He subsequently left the civil service to work in various Communist Party-related capacities, including as a member of the staff of "The Daily Worker," for the Anglo-Soviet Friendship Society, and as a teacher of English at various East European embassies in London.
In 1953, Brian joined a delegation of the British-Soviet Friendship Society and traveled to the Soviet Union. He was also an important member of the Communist Party Historians Group, a group of party members which conducted serious historical research into various questions of the British labor movement.
Pearce's world was rocked by the so-called Secret Speech delivered by Soviet leader N.S. Khrushchev in 1956. These revelations about the violent and criminal behavior of the regime of Joseph Stalin had the effect of dividing the CPGB between those who favored becoming truly independent and thoroughly democratised and others who disregarded Khrushchev's revelations as hysterical and overblown and having no real relationship to the situation facing the Communist Party in the UK. Pearce began contributing to an opposition journal called "The Reasoner," a publication which was terminated just as the Soviet invasion of Hungary was taking place. This event created an even wider fissure in the British Communist Party, ultimately ending in September 1957 with Brian's expulsion from the CPGB.
After being expelled from the Communist Party in 1957, Pearce turned to Trotskyism. His stint in the Socialist Labour League proved to be a short one, however, and Pearce became a professional translator to make ends meet. He was skilled at his craft, combining accuracy with a highly readable style, and was a three time winner of the prestigious Scott Moncrieff Prize for his translating work.
Brian Pearce died on 25 November 2008. He was 93 years old.
At the time of his death, he was described as "one of the most acute scholars of Russian history and British communism never to have held an academic post." His papers are in the process of being catalogued at Aberdeen University, which will hold the Brian Pearce Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="20679594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679594" title="Kottukal (village)">
Kottukal (village)

Kottukal is a village in the taluk of Neyyattinkara, Thiruvananthapuram district, in the state of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20679599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679599" title="Mt. Elgon Constituency">
Mt. Elgon Constituency

Mt. Elgon Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is the only constituency in Mount Elgon District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.
Wards.
The constituency has eleven wards, all electing councillors for the Mt. Elgon County Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="20679636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679636" title="Paora Winitana">
Paora Winitana

Paora Ramiha Winitana (born 6 December 1976 in Hastings, New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently plays for the Hawke's Bay Hawks of the NZNBL. He was ordained as a Mormon bishop in 2005 and chooses not to play basketball on Sundays. He is a 1.96 m shooting guard.
He attended Hastings Boys High school and played for the school A1 team from 1993 to 1994. In 1994 he scored a NZ high record for points scored in a single game vs Central Hawke's Bay where he scored 96 points. In 1995 he attended the Church College of New Zealand and helped his team defeat Palmerston North Boys High in the NZ National secondary school boys final. He was selected for the tournament team, and was chosen to play as one of the top ten high school players in the country vs the countries top ten 2nd division players, his team lost the match but he was awarded the game MVP. He was awarded the Rookie of the Year title in his debut year in the New Zealand NBL in 1996. In preparation for the World Championship under 23 tournament in 1997 he led the NZ Team in scoring but broke his foot six weeks prior to competition. He was given several opportunities to play 1st division college basketball ball in America. Head Coach Dick Bennett personally offered him a full scholarship to attend the University of Wisconsin, but he decided to serve a 2 year mission for his church in the Australia Sydney North Mission between 1999 and 2001. He returned to basketball in 2002 and was selected for the NZ Tall Blacks team the created history by placing 4th at the 2002 World Championships for Men held in Indianapolis. He captained the Hawke's Bay Hawks to a historic win achieving the franchises very first New Zealand NBL title in 2006, and in the same year he was awarded NZ best guard, NZ All-Star five, NZ MVP and also the Grand finals MVP.
He appeared in the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens, and also achieved a silver medal as part of the Tall Blacks at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He was awarded the NZ MVP again in 2007 and helped Hawkes Bay reach the grand finals for the third year in a row. He has played in the ANBL with the Adelaide 36ers and the New Zealand Breakers from 2003 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20679650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679650" title="Cirrhitichthys fasciatus">
Cirrhitichthys fasciatus

Cirrhitichthys fasciatus is a Hawkfish from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 9.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20679651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679651" title="1999 Paris Open – Singles">
1999 Paris Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20679658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679658" title="William Lawson">
William Lawson

William Lawson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679659" title="Italian record progression 800 metres freestyle">
Italian record progression 800 metres freestyle


</doc>
<doc id="20679667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679667" title="Nicole Aiken-Pinnock">
Nicole Aiken-Pinnock

Nicole Alicia Aiken-Pinnock (née Aiken; born 11 December 1985) is a Jamaican netball player. Pinnock started playing international representative netball as early as 2004, although she made her senior debut in the Jamaican national team, the Sunshine Girls, at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. In 2007, Pinnock received a four-year scholarship to play basketball with Lamar University in Texas, where she played center for the Cardinals. However, in 2008 it was reported that Pinnock had given up the scholarship and returned to her first college, G.C. Foster.
Pinnock currently plays netball for the Sunshine Girls at international level, and for Jamalco in the Berger Paints Senior League.

</doc>
<doc id="20679670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679670" title="Coral hawkfish">
Coral hawkfish

The coral hawkfish, Cirrhitichthys oxycephalus, is a species of hawkfish found on tropical reefs of the Indo-Pacific and the eastern Pacific Ocean. 
It grows to in total length.
It occasionally is found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20679674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679674" title="Cecil Williamson">
Cecil Williamson

Cecil Williamson (18 September 1909 – 9 December 1999) was an influential English Neopagan Witch. He was the founder of both the Witchcraft Research Center which was a part of MI6's war against Nazi Germany, and the Museum of Witchcraft. He was a friend of both Gerald Gardner, who was the founder of Wicca, and also of the notorious occultist Aleister Crowley.
Biography.
Early life.
Williamson was born in Paignton, Devon. His father was a senior officer in the Royal Navy and was posted abroad. He first encountered witchcraft in 1916, when, on a visit to North Bovey, also in Devon, to visit his uncle, a local vicar, he saw a woman being publicly beaten and accused of being a witch. Williamson tried to defend the woman, and in doing so befriended her. 
In 1921, whilst at the boarding school Malvern College, Williamson was bullied, but got help from a woman who lived on the school grounds, who was also a witch. She showed him how to cast a spell on the bully, who soon after broke his leg in a skiing accident and stopped bullying Cecil. 
During Summer holidays, Williamson often went to visit Dinard in France with his grandmother and her friend Mona Mackenzie. Mackenzie was a spirit medium, and she taught Williamson about divination.
Life in Rhodesia.
After studying in college, Williamson travelled to Rhodesia (modern Zimbabwe) to grow tobacco, where his servant, Zandonda, taught him about African magic.
Life in Britain.
In 1930, Williamson returned to Britain and moved to London, where he began working as a production assistant at several film studios. As a hobby, he continued to investigate the occult, beginning to collect objects and became an acquaintance of Margaret Murray, Montague Summers and Aleister Crowley. 
In 1933, he married Gwen Wilcox, a make-up artist, and niece of film director Herbert Wilcox.
World War II.
In 1938, MI6 hired Williamson to investigate the Nazi's occult interests, and in doing so he formed the Witchcraft Research Center. An April 1944 news report, while not mentioning the Witchcraft Research Center, reflects their area of expertise in claiming Goebbels was going to 'harness fortune telling, astrology, and necromancy to his propaganda machine'.
Gardner and the Museum.
In 1946, Williamson met Gerald Gardner in the "Atlantis Bookshop" in London at a talk which Gardner was giving. The two became friends largely due to their mutual interest in the theory of the pagan witch cult.
In 1947, Williamson tried to open a museum about witchcraft in Stratford-on-Avon, but was forced to change his plans after local opposition. In 1948, Williamson bought the dilapidated Witches' Will at Castletown on the Isle of Man. He turned it into the "Folklore Center of Superstition and Witchcraft", and opened it in 1949, along with an adjacent restaurant, the Witches' Kitchen. 
Williamson employed Gardner to be the 'resident witch' at the museum, which had been renamed the "Museum of Magic and Witchcraft" after the repeal of the 1735 Witchcraft Act in 1951. However, Williamson and Gardner's relationship began to fall apart, and Williamson wanted to return to England. So in 1952 he sold the museum to Gardner, and moved all his artefacts to a new site, in Windsor, renaming it the Museum of Witchcraft. Gardner, using his own artefact collection, continued to run the museum on the Isle of Man for the rest of his life.
At Windsor, Williamson's museum remained open for a year, and was quite successful, but was again forced out due to local opposition. In 1954 he therefore moved the museum to Bourton-on-the-Water in Gloucestershire. Here, the museum was damaged in an arson attack, and so, in 1960, Williamson moved the museum to Boscastle in Cornwall, where it remains to this day.
Final years.
At midnight on Samhain 1996, Williamson sold the museum to Graham King and Elizabeth Crow. He took some of his favourite artefacts with him, and moved to Witheridge, a small village near to Tiverton in Devon. He died in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20679676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679676" title="Oh! My God (2006 film)">
Oh! My God (2006 film)

Oh! My God () is a 2006 South Korean film.
Plot.
Eun-joo develops a crush on playboy Jung-hwan after he rescues her from drowning, and vows to make him her man. One thing leads to another, and they end up having a one night stand. Several years later, Jung-hwan is still living the high life whil Eun-joo is working as a prosecutor. When they eventually cross paths, she reveals that he is the father of her twin children, and tries to make him grow up and take responsibility.
Release.
"Oh! My God" was released in South Korea on 16 February 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 373,861 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 1,858,668 admissions nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20679684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679684" title="Cirrhitichthys polyactis">
Cirrhitichthys polyactis

Cirrhitichthys polyactis is a Hawkfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20679689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679689" title="Justice Henry">
Justice Henry

Justice Henry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20679693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679693" title="Yellow hawkfish">
Yellow hawkfish

The yellow hawkfish, Cirrhitichthys aureus, is a species of hawkfish native to tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species can reach a length of in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="20679707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679707" title="Black-sided hawkfish">
Black-sided hawkfish

The black-sided hawkfish, Paracirrhites forsteri, is a species of hawkfish from the Indo-Pacific. It is occasionally found in the aquarium trade and is also of minor importance to local commercial fisheries. It grows to a total length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20679708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679708" title="MAHRU">
MAHRU

MAHRU and AHRA are the first network-based humanoids in the world that are endowed with artificial intelligence through network. Unlike other famous humanoids such as ASIMO, MAHRU and AHRA focus on network-based intelligence by using network infrastructure where South Korea has world-class strengths. 
Related researches are in progress on the authority of Interaction and Robotics Research Center, KIST.
Intelligence.
MAHRU and AHRA are Korea's own humanoid models that provide artificial intelligence to robots, such as image/voice recognition and vision-based manipulation, in order to make friendly human-robot interaction possible.
MAHRU and AHRA can walk forward, backward, left and right and, have intelligence for the recognition of voice, face, objects, gestures, obstacles, and vision-based manipulation.
Mahru-Z.
Mahru-Z has a humanoid body including a rotating head, arms, legs, six fingers, and three-dimensional vision.

</doc>
<doc id="20679722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679722" title="Harry Koch">
Harry Koch

Harry Koch (born 15 November 1969 in Bamberg) is a former German football central defender, and a current coach.
Football career.
Koch arrived in the German top flight at already 26, with 1. FC Kaiserslautern, after having played amateur football, and quickly became an undisputed starter. In 1997–98, he played in 31 matches as the club won the national league straight out of the second division.
In 2003, after 187 matches with 17 goals in the first division, Koch moved to SV Eintracht Trier 05, closing out his career three years later. Immediately after, he took up coaching, replacing Werner Kartz at the helm of and lower level team SV Dörbach.

</doc>
<doc id="20679726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679726" title="Paracirrhites xanthus">
Paracirrhites xanthus

Paracirrhites xanthus is a Hawkfish from the Eastern Central Pacific. This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20679731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679731" title="Irish Champion Hurdle">
Irish Champion Hurdle

The Irish Champion Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Leopardstown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are eight hurdles to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year in late January.
The event was established in 1950, and it is now one of two Irish races, along with the Punchestown Champion Hurdle, which can be seen as equivalents of the Champion Hurdle in England. The most recent winner of the Leopardstown version to win the Champion Hurdle in the same season was Hurricane Fly in 2011. The Irish Champion Hurdle was sponsored by AIG Europe from 1993 to 2008, and by Toshiba in 2009 and 2010. The race has been sponsored by BHP Insurance since 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20679736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679736" title="Whitespot hawkfish">
Whitespot hawkfish

The whitespot hawkfish, Paracirrhites hemistictus, is a species of hawkfish from the Eastern Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean, where it can be found on tropical reefs at depths around . This species can grow to in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="20679737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679737" title="Holy Trinity Church, Bembridge">
Holy Trinity Church, Bembridge

Holy Trinity Church, Bembridge is a parish church in the Church of England located in Bembridge, Isle of Wight.
Setting.
The church is set of a leafy one-way system, connecting the high street to the Harbour. It is adjacent to the local library (former school-house of the village) and heritage centre. The village war memorial is a short walk up the hill.
History.
The church was built in 1845 and 1846.
The first church in Bembridge was built in 1827, but was replaced due to instability by the current building.
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ dating from 1884 by Forster and Andrews. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register

</doc>
<doc id="20679744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679744" title="Whittaker model">
Whittaker model

In representation theory, a branch of mathematics, the Whittaker model is a realization of a representation of a reductive algebraic group such as "GL"2 over a finite or local or global field on a space of functions on the group. It is named after E. T. Whittaker even though he never worked in this area, because pointed out that for the group SL2(R) some of the functions involved in the representation are Whittaker functions.
Irreducible representations without a Whittaker model are sometimes called "degenerate", and those with a Whittaker model are sometimes called "generic". The representation θ10 of the symplectic group Sp4 is the simplest example of a degenerate representation.
Whittaker models for GL2.
If "G" is the algebraic group "GL"2 and F is a local field,
and τ is a fixed non-trivial character of the additive group of F and π is an irreducible representation of a general linear group "G"(F), then the Whittaker model for π is a representation π on a space of functions "f" on "G"(F) satisfying
Whittaker models for GL"n".
Let formula_2 be the general linear group formula_3, formula_4 a smooth complex valued non-trivial additive character of formula_5 and formula_6 the subgroup of formula_3 consisting of unipotent upper triangular matrices. A non-degenerate character on formula_6 is of the form
for formula_10 ∈ formula_6 and non-zero formula_12, ..., formula_13 ∈ formula_5. If formula_15 is a smooth representation of formula_16, a Whittaker functional formula_17 is a continuous linear functional on formula_18 such that formula_19 for all formula_20 ∈ formula_6, formula_22 ∈ formula_18. Multiplicity one states that, for formula_24 unitary irreducible, the space of Whittaker functionals has dimension at most equal to one.
Whittaker models for reductive groups.
If "G" is a split reductive group and "U" is the unipotent radical of a Borel subgroup "B", then a Whittaker model for a representation is an embedding of it into the induced (Gelfand–Graev) representation Ind(χ), where χ is a non-degenerate character of "U".

</doc>
<doc id="20679746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679746" title="Rewilding (anarchism)">
Rewilding (anarchism)

Rewilding is the process of re-instating the role of keystone species to human society where the expression of this role appears lacking. The term originates in conservation biology in which "rewilding" stands for the re-introduction of keystone species into areas where such species appear locally extinct. Rewilding in the anarchist context applies this concept to initiating and regenerating human culture that embodies the role of a keystone species.
In green anarchism and anarcho-primitivism, humans are believed to be "civilized" or "domesticated" by industrial and agricultural progress. Supporters of such human rewilding argue that through the process of domestication, human wildness has been altered by force.
Rewilding is about overcoming human domestication and returning to behavior inherent in human wildness. Though often associated with primitive skills and learning knowledge of wild plants and animals, it emphasizes the development of the senses and fostering deepening personal relationships with members of other species and the natural world. Rewilding intends to create permanently wild human cultures beyond domestication.
Rewilding is considered a holistic approach to living, as opposed to skills, practices or a specific set of knowledge.
Theory.
Rewilding is most associated with green anarchy and anarcho-primitivism or anti-civilization and post-civilization anarchism in general, though there is a large primitive living contingent who come at it from a more authoritarian direction.
Within a modern and scientific social context, rewilding entails both experiential and "book knowledge" to produce a community that is both respectful of individual liberties and beneficial to all involved, including all non-human species. Participants in such events and communities directly reap the benefits of the communities' actions and efforts. Instead of seeking to "return" to an earlier state of human existence or go "back to the land", rewilding seeks to take the experiences and time spent here in civilization and combine the lessons that have been learned from both the past and the present to create a more ideal society.

</doc>
<doc id="20679757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679757" title="Pyramidula umbilicata">
Pyramidula umbilicata

Pyramidula umbilicata is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusc in the family Pyramidulidae.
Shell description.
The width of the shell is up to 2.9 mm, the height is up to 1.7 mm.
Distribution.
This species has a Lusitanian-Atlantic distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20679766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679766" title="Redspotted hawkfish">
Redspotted hawkfish

The redspotted hawkfish, Amblycirrhitus pinos, is a species of hawkfish found at depths of from on tropical reefs in the Western Atlantic. This species can reach a length of in standard length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20679768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679768" title="President of the Assembly of Vojvodina">
President of the Assembly of Vojvodina

The President of the Assembly of Vojvodina presides over that body which serves as the unicameral parliament of the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, within the Republic of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20679775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679775" title="1983–84 New York Rangers season">
1983–84 New York Rangers season

The 1983–84 New York Rangers season was the 58th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers posted a 42–29–9 record in the regular season, and their fourth-place finish in the Patrick Division earned them a berth in the NHL playoffs. In the Patrick Division semi-finals, the Rangers lost to the New York Islanders, three games to two.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1983 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20679781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679781" title="You Light Up My Life (album)">
You Light Up My Life (album)

After the song "You Light Up My Life" soared to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, singer Debby Boone needed to quickly assemble her first solo album. The result was the RIAA-certified platinum album, You Light Up My Life (No. 6 Pop, No. 6 Country). Joe Brooks produced the album after writing and producing the title track. This album competed on the Billboard 200 with the soundtrack from the film, "You Light Up My Life" (No. 17 Pop). Boone's album was ultimately more successful since the soundtrack did not include Boone's hit version of the title song.
Several tracks from Boone's album were previously recorded by Boone with her sisters as part of their work as the Boones. The album's closing track, "Hasta Mañana", written and recorded by ABBA, had charted earlier in 1977 for the Boones peaking at No. 32 AC. "When the Lovelight Starts Shining Through His Eyes" was released two years earlier in 1975 by the Boones reaching No. 25 AC. The track "Baby, I'm Yours" was released as the credited B-side of Boone's third single, "God Knows" (No. 74 Pop, No. 22 Country, No. 14 AC), from her second album, "Midstream".

</doc>
<doc id="20679786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679786" title="The Specialists (TV series)">
The Specialists (TV series)

The Specialists is an animated television series that appeared on the second season of MTV's "Liquid Television" in 1992-1993. It was directed by Joe Horne, creator of the previous MTV series Stevie and Zoya and presently a director on "The Boondocks".
The plot revolved around three detectives for hire: the group's leader Mastermind, who wore a white Nehru jacket and as his name implied was the brains of the operation; Kittka, a female escape artist who wore a skintight blue tuxedo and had blue hair and skin; and Samson, a large, muscular man in a black suit. Their many foes during the 10 three minute episodes included an evil crime clown, an intergalactic poodle conspiracy, an evil genius (and rival of Mastermind's) named Dr. Raoul Dendrite and his schoolgirl-uniformed assistant Delilah, and Negator, who subdued his opponents with a highly sarcastic wit (and aided by a Don Rickles mask).

</doc>
<doc id="20679799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679799" title="Kudavoor">
Kudavoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679802" title="Kulathoor">
Kulathoor

Demographics.
the grama panchayat belongs to Prassala block panchayat. for more information please visit website http://lsgkerala.in/kulathoorpanchayat/
KULATHOOR is part of Trivandrum Corporation now. Manvila is in east of Kulathoor and Kuzhivila is in south.Kulathoor and is a major residential area now , where most of the houses are rented for software professionals . Technopark Phase - 3 have an entry through Kulathur.
Photo Album:
General Information 
District : Thiruvananthapuram 
Block‌ : Parassala 
Area : 11.24 km² 
Localbody Code : G011203 
No of Wards : 20 
Population : 29417 
Male‍ : 14815 
Female‍ : 14602 
Population Density : 2617 
Sex Ratio : 986 
Literacy Rate : 79.74 
Literacy Rate (Male) : 83.11 
Literacy Rate (Female) : 76.35 
Source : Census data 2001 

</doc>
<doc id="20679814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679814" title="Selective glucocorticoid receptor agonist">
Selective glucocorticoid receptor agonist

A selective glucocorticoid receptor agonist (SEGRA), sometimes called a dissociated glucocorticoid receptor agonist (DIGRA), is a type of experimental drug that is designed to share many of the desirable anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties of classical glucocorticoid drugs but with fewer side effects such as skin atrophy. , Phase II clinical trials with the SEGRA mapracorat investigating the topical treatment of atopic dermatitis and inflammation following cataract surgery have been completed, but no results are available. Such trials attempt to determine whether the theoretical concept translates into an actual clinical benefit.
History.
Synthetic steroids with SEGRA-like properties were already discovered in the late 1990s. During the 2000s, many potential SEGRAs were synthesized, most of them having non-steroidal structures. Compounds were investigated in cellular models, which established that these molecules bind to the glucocorticoid receptor with an affinity similar to dexamethasone, a potent glucocorticoid, and that they are able to repress the production of inflammatory mediators such as interleukin 6 and prostaglandin E2. Studies in mice showed that a topically administered SEGRA inhibited peroxidase activity and formation of oedema, both indicators of anti-inflammatory activity, comparably to prednisolone. Skin atrophy in rats was significantly less pronounced than under prednisolone in the same study, and metabolic effects like weight gain or increase of blood glucose were practically inexistent.
Clinical trials.
Phase II clinical trials with one of the candidate compounds, mapracorat (code names BOL-303242-X and ZK 245186), started in summer 2009. One was a double blind dose finding study for an ointment against atopic dermatitis conducted by Intendis, a part of Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals specialized on dermatology. A Phase III trial started in November 2010, evaluating an ophthalmic suspension for the treatment of inflammation following cataract surgery, conducted by Bausch & Lomb.
A phase II trial with another dissociated glucocorticoid PF-04171327 (a phosphate ester pro-drug of PF-00251802, also known as PF-802) for rheumatoid arthritis was started in 2011 by Pfizer.
Mechanism of action.
Both non-selective glucocorticoids and selective glucocorticoid receptor agonists work by binding to and activating the glucocorticoid receptor (GR). In contrast to glucocorticoids, which activate the GR to work through two signal transduction pathways, SEGRAs activate the GR in such a way that it only operates through one of the two possible pathways.
In the absence of glucocorticoids, the GR resides in the cytosol in an inactive state complexed with heat shock proteins (HSPs). Binding of glucocorticoids to the GR activates the receptor by causing dissociation of the bound HSPs. The activated GR can then regulate gene expression via one of two pathways:
Hence the anti-inflammatory effects of glucocorticoids results from both transactivation and transrepression. In contrast, studies in rats have shown that most of the side-effects of glucocorticoids, such as diabetogenic activity, osteoporosis, as well as skin atrophy, are caused by transactivation. A selective glucocorticoid that is able to transrepress without transactivation should preserve many of the desirable therapeutic anti-inflammatory effects and minimize undesired side effects.
Strong evidence that transpression alone is sufficient for an anti-inflammatory response was provided by introducing a point mutation in the GR of mice that prevented GR from dimerizing and binding to DNA and thereby blocking transactivation. At same time, this mutation did not interfere with transrepression. While GR is essential for survival, these mice are still viable. However, when these mice were treated with the synthetic glucocorticoid dexamethasone, there was no elevation of glucose. At the same time, these dexamethsone treated mice were resistant to inflammatory stimulus. Hence these mice were responsive to the anti-inflammatory effects of dexamethasone but were resistant to at least some of the side-effects.
Just like glucocorticoids, SEGRAs bind to and activate GR. However in contrast to glucocorticoids, SEGRAs selectively activate the GR such that they more strongly transrepress than transactivate. This should result in fewer side effects.
Potential applications.
In chronic inflammatory diseases of the skin like atopic dermatitis, the side-effects of corticoids are problematic because of the necessary long-term treatment. Therefore, SEGRAs are being investigated as an alternative topical treatment. Systemic long-term treatment of inflammations with corticoids is particularly liable to cause metabolic side-effects, which makes the development of oral SEGRAs an interesting goal.
Inflammatory diseases of the eye are also a potential application because corticoids can promote glaucoma, cataract, and eye infections. It remains to be seen whether selective receptor agonists cause significantly less side-effects than classical corticoids in clinical application.
The atrophic effects of glucocorticoids are not always a disadvantage. The treatment of hyperproliferative diseases like psoriasis makes use of this property. SEGRAs would likely be less effective in such conditions.
Chemistry.
Early SEGRAs were synthetic steroids. An example is RU 24858, one of the first compounds of this type to be published. Many newer SEGRAs have a different framework, although the similarity to steroids can still be seen in molecules like the benzopyranoquinoline A 276575 or in octahydrophenanthrene-2,7-diol derivatives. All of these compounds have been shown to exhibit SEGRA properties in cellular or in animal models.
Mapracorat is one of a number of trifluoropropanolamines and -amides which are less obviously steroid-like in structure. Other typical examples of this group are ZK 216348 and 55D1E1. The bulky, bicyclic aromatic substituents (R1 and R2) account for the structural similarity to corticoids. The "R" conformation of the asymmetric carbon atom seems to be essential for GR affinity.

</doc>
<doc id="20679818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679818" title="Kulathummal">
Kulathummal


</doc>
<doc id="20679821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679821" title="Kurupuzha">
Kurupuzha


</doc>
<doc id="20679827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679827" title="Holy Cross Church, Binstead">
Holy Cross Church, Binstead

Holy Cross Church, Binstead is a parish church in the Church of England located in Binstead, Isle of Wight.
History.
The 13th century church is located between the village and the coast. Its location some distance from the modern centre of Binstead probably indicates a medieval village associated with the quarries in the church's vicinity. 
The original nave was replaced in 1844 and enlarged in 1875 by the addition of the north aisle. The bellcote dates from 1925 and contains a pre-reformation bell believed to have come from the original, now ruined, Cistercian abbey at Quarr.
On 7 June 1969, the church was seriously damaged by fire. It was restored and rededicated in February 1971.
Outside a Sheela Na Gig, locally known as the 'Saxon Idol', is carved on a stone gateway to the churchyard which contains several old and interesting burials. Possible the best known is that of Thomas Sivell who was mistaken for a smuggler by customs officers and shot. His gravestone, with long s replaced with short s where appropriate, reads:
To the memory of THOs SIVELL who was cruelly shot on board his sloop by some officers of customs of the Port of Portsmouth on the 15th June 1785 at the age of 64 years leaving a disconsolate widow & family.
In more recent times Nicholas Dingley, known as Razzle, the drummer of Hanoi Rocks was buried here.
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ dating from around 1897 by Hele & Co. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20679831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679831" title="Universal Classics and Jazz">
Universal Classics and Jazz

Universal Classics and Jazz (UCJ) is the name of two record label divisions of the Universal Music Group.
Current divisions.
UCJ Germany.
Universal Music Classics & Jazz (Germany) is a division of Universal Music Germany and is marketed under websites called Klassik Akzente and Jazz Echo.
UCJ Japan (aka UM-CLJZ).
This Universal Music Japan subsidiary formerly operated as two separate labels: Universal Classics and Universal Jazz. 
On 2013, Universal Music Japan merged the two labels into one. The label name is now "Universal Classics and Jazz" (UM-CLJZ).
Defunct divisions.
UCJ (UK).
Universal Classics and Jazz was a division of the Universal Music Group based in London, United Kingdom. The UCJ roster included Jamie Cullum, Aled Jones, Nicola Benedetti and until recently, Katherine Jenkins.
At the time that Katherine Jenkins was signed to the label in 2003, she had signed the then largest record deal in United Kingdom classical recording history, reportedly worth £1 million. 
The label group was dismantled in 2011 with the restructuring of Universal Music UK's classical operations, as well Universal Music Group International's greater restructuring of its classical labels. The dismantling of UCJ ensued the revival of Decca Records in the UK, under the instigation of Max Hole, the newly appointed COO of Universal Music Group International.

</doc>
<doc id="20679837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679837" title="Malayinkeezhu">
Malayinkeezhu

Geography.
It is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="20679839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679839" title="Manamboor">
Manamboor


</doc>
<doc id="20679844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679844" title="Jairampur cemetery">
Jairampur cemetery

Jairampur cemetery is a World War II cemetery in Arunachal Pradesh, India. It is located 7 km from Jairampur, Changlang district, and 25 km from Pangsau Pass, the Indo-Myanmar Border on the road to Ledo，.
The Department of Tourism, Government of Arunachal Pradesh is renovating the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20679847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679847" title="Manikkal">
Manikkal


</doc>
<doc id="20679849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679849" title="Mannoorkara">
Mannoorkara


</doc>
<doc id="20679857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679857" title="Maranalloor">
Maranalloor

Location
It is 18 km from Kerala State Road Transport Corporation's Central Bus Depot, Thampanoor. There are regular bus services to other parts of city also. It is only 6 kilometres from National Highway 47(Trivandrum-nagercoil). Nearest towns are Balaramapuram, Kattakkada and Neyyattinkara.
Railway station is 3 km away. The railway line connects Kanyakumari and Thiruvananthapuram Central.

</doc>
<doc id="20679859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679859" title="Melthonnakkal">
Melthonnakkal


</doc>
<doc id="20679862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679862" title="Nagaroor">
Nagaroor

Demographics.
Nagaroor Grama Panchayath is located in Trivandrum District, Chirayinkil Taluk. The village is with beautiful scenery and good people. People in different religion, different political parties; but friendly and co operative and eager to help others.
here you can find nagaroor village office, sub registar office, post office.
References.
it also has a milk society.a fish market,telephone exchange, a centralised bank as well a well equipped engineering college

</doc>
<doc id="20679866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679866" title="Nellanad">
Nellanad


</doc>
<doc id="20679872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679872" title="Ottasekharamangalam">
Ottasekharamangalam

Religions.
Various sections of Christianity, Hinduism and Islam co-exist harmoniously. Followers of Latin Catholic Church, Church of South India (SKD), St. Thomas Evangelical Church, ECI and Pentecostal Churches, form major Christian sects.
There is a famous Lord Siva temple in ottasekharamangalam. Lots of devotees attend in the annual Thiruvathira festival and Thirunal sadya. Temple is flanked by a river Chittaar.

</doc>
<doc id="20679874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679874" title="Ottoor">
Ottoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679882" title="Kenneth Westhues">
Kenneth Westhues

Kenneth Westhues is a professor of sociology at the University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. In particular, he has researched the phenomena of mobbing as human bullying behaviour.
Mobbing in academia.
Kenneth Westhues' study of mobbing in academia found that vulnerability was increased by personal differences such as being a foreigner or of a different sex; by working in a post-modern field such as music or literature; financial pressure; or having an aggressive superior. Other factors included envy, heresy and campus politics.

</doc>
<doc id="20679885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679885" title="Jim Lewis (business executive)">
Jim Lewis (business executive)

James Lewis (born in 1961) is a Corporate Officer at Wal-Mart. Prior to joining Wal-Mart, Jim served as President of the Disney Vacation Club, the Disney Company's time-share division, and Chairman of the American Resort Development Association.
Early career.
Jim Lewis was born in Hammond, Indiana. He graduated from Indiana State University with a BS in Accounting in 1984. He became a Certified Public Accountant. He later earned his MBA from the Krannert School of Management at Purdue University in 1992. 
In August 1984, Lewis began his first job as an accountant with PriceWaterhouseCoopers where he quickly developed a reputation as a top-notch and versatile professional, and was rewarded with prestigious assignments in audit, tax, and consulting. While at PWC, Mr. Lewis passed the examination to become a Certified Public Accountant. After a short period, PriceWaterhouseCoopers promoted James Lewis to Senior Accountant. 
In September 1986, Lewis accepted a job as Manager of Internal Audit for Tokheim Corporation, a multinational company that manufactures fluid movement and measuring devices in Fort Wayne, Indiana. At Tokheim, Lewis directed all financial and operational audits; assisted senior management in the evaluation of acquisition candidates, participated in strategic planning sessions and made numerous recommendations to management; which reduced operating costs, improved operating efficiency, and reduced outside audit fees.
In November 1988, Mr. Lewis became employed by PepsiCo in Indianapolis, Indiana, where he quickly advanced to the position of Senior Manager, Planning and Analysis. In April 1993, PepsiCo promoted Mr. Lewis to Director, Investor Relations. During his tenure as Director, the Consumer Analyst Group of New York ranked PepsiCo’s Investor Relations function number one in America.
In December 1994, PepsiCo promoted Lewis to Area Vice President of Frito-Lay for the Houston, Texas and New York, New York regions. In his capacity as Area Vice President, Mr. Lewis developed regional snack food businesses for Frito-Lay as general manager and turnaround specialist. He was responsible for the sales, marketing, distribution, finance, and warehouse functions of the Company. He directed an organization of one hundred fifty-five (155) people, including fifteen (15) direct reports. Under his leadership, the businesses experienced a 13% sales increase and a 15% profit increase. The New York region went from last place (out of 22 areas) to first place during his first year as one of the general managers. His team received the company’s Herman Lay Award for having the highest region score on combined revenue growth, profit growth, and product display execution.
Career with the Walt Disney Company.
Lewis began his Disney Career in 1996 as the Director of Planning and Finance for Walt Disney Attractions. He progressed to become Senior Vice President, Business Development and Public Affairs for the Walt Disney World Resort. Jim became the General Manager of the Disney Vacation Club (DVC) in November 2003; he was promoted to the position of President in 2006, making him one of the most senior African-Americans in the Disney Company. He received the Company's highest performance rating for 14 consecutive years. 
During his tenure as President of the Disney Vacation Club, Lewis' division has expanded rapidly. When he took over, DVC had approximately 70,000 members in 2003; there were over 300,000 in 2006. The LA Times reported that the Disney Vacation Club's sales and profits more than doubled from 2003 to 2007. Lewis has overseen the expansion of his division to California with the addition of time-share rooms at Disney's Grand Californian Hotel & Spa and to Hawaii with the forthcoming Aulani Resort. Lewis led DVC’s first international expansion with the development of a 15,000 square foot sales center in Tokyo, Japan. Six of DVC's 12 resorts were designed and built during Lewis' tenure.
Jim Lewis abruptly "parted-ways" with Disney in 2011.
Activities Outside Disney.
In 2007, Lewis was named one of the ten most influential businessmen in Central Florida by the Orlando Business Journal. In 2008, The Steve Harvey Morning Show aired a piece on Lewis, honoring him as an "Influential African American" in the area of business. In April 2009, Lewis was elected Chairman of the American Resort Development Association. He also serves on the board of directors of his church.
Personal life.
He is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20679888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679888" title="Red Tide (band)">
Red Tide (band)

Red Tide was formed in 1992 by guitarist/vocalist Jeff Wu, bassist Jeff Bennett, and drummer Justin Foley. Originally they started out primarily as a thrash metal band. In those early high school days they released 3 demos of pure hardcore/thrash metal. Red Tide went on to play the Simsbury High School Battle of the Bands in which they won 1st place. Noted as the first "real" metal band to play the event and the first band to play their own material vs covers. 
In 1995 Red Tide took a turn in their musical direction. This was the time they began to experiment with jazz and fusion. This brought the departure of Jeff Bennett and introduction of Andy Dickins on bass. The new line up began to write music with an emphasis of jazz fusion thrown in. They went on to record one demo entitled "Expressions" which showcased their new eclectic style.
In 1996 Red Tide recruited Ian Kauffman on guitars. Now making the line up a 4 piece. They continued to incorporate jazz fusion into their brand of aggressive style of metal and went into the studio to record another demo entitled "Hybrid". 
In 1997 Red Tide went into the studio to record their first full length "Themes of the Cosmic Consciousness". This was a self financed independent CD release. It gained in popularity through the help of the internet. In 1998 Andy Dickins leaves the band to pursue other interests.
Finally in 2001 Red Tide released their last effort "Type II". This included Blue on bass. Shortly after this release Red Tide disbanded in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20679889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679889" title="Pallichal">
Pallichal


</doc>
<doc id="20679891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679891" title="Palode">
Palode

About Palode.
Located 35 km from Thiruvananthapuram, on the way to Kuttalam, Palode is a small hamlet on the foothills of the Western Ghats. Covered by lush green forests and rubber plantations, Palode and its surroundings feast the eye. The Institute of Animal Health and Veterinary Biologicals and the Tropical Botanic Garden and Research Institute are situated here.
The nearest airport is Trivandrum International Airport and the railway station is Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station. Palode can be reached by motorable roads from most parts of Kerala.
Nearby tourist locations include Ponmudi, Thenmala, Peppara Waterfalls, Palode waterfalls, lower Meenmutti dam etc. Another major attraction which made it a part of ecotourism map is its Botanical gardens.
ATMs, Petrol Pumps, shops, theatres Markets, Banks and Hotels help tourist interest.

</doc>
<doc id="20679893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679893" title="Panavoor">
Panavoor


</doc>
<doc id="20679903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679903" title="Parasuvaikkal">
Parasuvaikkal

Parasuvaikkal has two Hindu temples namely parasuvaikkal major sree bhagavathy temple governed by Travancore Devaswom Board
and Ponnamkulam Devi Kshethram.Goddess Durga is the main deity worshipped here.A mosque and number of churches are there.
Educational institutions are very few in number.BFM residential school and a few government schools are there.
Transport.
Parasuvaikkal is the very next village after parassala from Kerala - Tamil Nadu Border and its well connected to a number of major cities in Kerala by road and rail.
It has a small railway station in the Southern Railway network. Most of the passenger trains stop here. The nearest railway station is Dhanuvachapuram Halt.
The Trivandrum - nagercoil State Highway passes through the village. Government buses as well as private bus services operate between Trivandrum and other major towns such as parassala,Neyyattinkara,Balaramapuram,karamana,kollam and the northern districts of kerala
Trivandrum International Airport, Cochin International Airport, Tuticorin Airport, Madurai Airport are the nearest airports.

</doc>
<doc id="20679907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679907" title="Henry Fairs">
Henry Fairs

Henry Fairs (born 1976) is an English organist. He is organist to the University of Birmingham and Head of Organ Studies at the Birmingham Conservatoire;. Since winning the Odense International Organ Competition, his concert career has taken him to the major European centres of organ music and to America, performing solo recitals and concertos on both historic and modern instruments.
Biography.
Born in Hereford, England, he received his earliest musical education as a chorister at Leominster Priory and studied at the Birmingham Conservatoire, Conservatoire NDR Rueil-Malmaison and the Hochschule für Musik Köln, supported by an award from the Countess of Munster Trust. His teachers have included David Sanger, David Saint, Susan Landale and Thierry Mechler.
In 2007 he won both first prize and special prize at the Odense International Organ Competition in Denmark and released a Naxos disc featuring Maurice Duruflé's complete organ music on the Cavaillé-Coll organ in Notre Dame d’Autueil, Paris, for which he also wrote the accompanying notes. During 2008 he was due to perform Messiaen's complete organ music in a series of six concerts for the Barber Institute of Fine Arts in Birmingham, but two concerts had to be rescheduled to 2009, due to injury.
Henry Fairs is regularly invited to give guest lectures and masterclasses: in 2011/12 as a guest tutor and jury member at the Carl Nielsen International Festival and Competition, Denmark, Edinburgh Organ Academy, London Organ Day and the Royal Norwegian Academy, Oslo. His former students include prize-winners in national and international competitions.
Past / Forthcoming Projects include: 2012-2015: JS Bach - organ works 2011: Alain - organ works (performed in three concerts) 2011: 'Lisztomania' - Three Great Organ Works and Reubke Sonata (Birmingham and Edinburgh) 2008: Messiaen - organ works (six concerts for the Barber Institute of Fine Arts/University of Birmingham) 2002: Duruflé - organ works
Recent Recordings and Broadcasts
2011: Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk (MDR) – broadcast Liszt recital from the Merseburger Orgeltage, Merseburg Cathedral, Germany
2009: Danish Radio (DR) - Live broadcast of Poulenc Organ Concerto and Duruflé, Odense Symphony Orchestra, Denmark
2008: Bayerischer Rundfunk – broadcast recital from the Internationale Orgelwoche, Nuremberg, Germany
2007: CD 'Duruflé - Complete Organ Works' (Naxos 8.557924) "Fairs emerges as a top-notch performer. His registrations, tempos, and sensitivity to subtle nuances in phrasing and articulation are superb." American Record Guide

</doc>
<doc id="20679909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679909" title="Pazhayakunnummel">
Pazhayakunnummel


</doc>
<doc id="20679914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679914" title="Peringamala">
Peringamala

History.
The verdant village of Peringammala is located in the valley of the Ponmudi hills. It owes its name to the Tamil/Malayalam word, Periyamala meaning The Big Mountain.In the olden days this area was reputed for various forest produce like honey.
Geography.
Peringammala panchayath (an administrative unit) consists of two villages namely Peringammala and Thennoor. Peringammala is the biggest panchayth in Thiruvananthapuram district and is the second largest in the state of Kerala.
Demographics.
As per official kaneshukumari it is very less than 50000. Even the nearest panchayths holds far more than this as like Nanniyode panchayth and Vithura panchayth. 
1. Name of Grama Panchayath : Peringammala 
2. Village : Peringammala, Thennoor
3. Block Panchayath : Vamanapuram 
4. Thalook : Nedumangadu 
5. Legislative Mandalam : Vamanapuram 
6. Parliament Mandalam : Attingal 
7. District : Thiruvananthapuram 
8. Breadth : 217.94km2 
9. Boundaries 
10. East : Ambasamudram 
11. South : Vamanapuram River 
12. West : T.S. Road
13. North : Ammayamblam Pacha
14. Population : 39792 
15. Female : 20688 
16. Male : 19104 
17. Tribal people population 
18. Scheduled cast Sect : 6147
19. Male : 3041 
20. Female : 3105 
21. Scheduled Tribe Sect : 3289 
22. Male : 1588 
23. Female : 1701 
24. Block Panchayath Divisions : 2, (Idinjar, Palode)
25. District Panchayath Division : 1, (Palode)

</doc>
<doc id="20679922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679922" title="Chinese goral">
Chinese goral

The Chinese goral ("Nemorhaedus griseus") is a species of goral distributed through Burma, China, India, Thailand, Vietnam, and possibly Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="20679926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679926" title="Dennis Aust">
Dennis Aust

Dennis Kay Aust (born November 25, 1940) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Aust played for the St. Louis Cardinals in and . He batted and threw right-handed.
Aust was signed by the Cardinals as an amateur free agent in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20679933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679933" title="1982–83 New York Rangers season">
1982–83 New York Rangers season

The 1982–83 New York Rangers season was the 57th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, New York compiled a 35–35–10 record and finished in fourth place in the Patrick Division. The Rangers qualified for the NHL playoffs, where they defeated the Philadelphia Flyers in a three-game sweep in the first round. In the Patrick Division Finals, the Rangers were defeated by the New York Islanders in six games.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1982 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20679946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679946" title="Brough Superior Golden Dream">
Brough Superior Golden Dream

The Brough Superior Golden Dream was designed and built by George Brough in Nottingham, England, in 1938. With its distinctive gold finish, this was to be the ultimate Brough Superior but production was stopped by the outbreak of War in 1939.
Development.
Designed as a team effort by Brough, 'Ike' Hatch, and Freddie Dixon, the engine has two horizontally opposed flat twins one above the other and geared together, thus rotating counter to each other forming an H engine. Connecting rods from opposed cylinders were of the fork and blade type and thus shared a common crank pin. All pistons moved in unison, that is to the left or to the right at the same time. The pistons could thus be counterweighted 100% yielding a perfect balance. Primary, secondary and higher-order sources of vibration canceled each other, as did the gyroscopic effects from each crankshaft.
George Brough described it a "flat vertical" engine. The four cylinders were equating to 988 cc, with the camshafts gear-driven. Further development work was done on the engine, reconfiguring it as (998cc), with chain-driven camshafts. 
The frame was designed to accommodate the unusual engine and was welded together with a fully sprung plunger type springing for the rear wheel, unlike the cantilever swingarm suspension on the Brough Superior SS100. The forks were Brough Superior's "Castle" forks derived from a Harley-Davidson design, and many components such as the petrol tank, saddle and wheels were the same as standard Brough Superior machines. 
The Dream had optional three or four speed transmission, manufactured to Brough's own design by David Brown Ltd. of Huddersfield. The final shaft drive had an underslung worm and pinion gear on the rear axle and the propeller shaft was enclosed in a tube.
Exhibition and pre-production.
The Golden Dream was exhibited at the Earls Court motorcycle show in London in 1938. Five Golden Dreams were produced during 1939 and another model was planned for exhibition at Olympia; but World War II was declared in September 1939 and the Brough works were turned over to the war effort, making components for Rolls-Royce. Brough Superior never returned to motorcycle production.
Surviving Golden Dreams.
At least one Dream is running and is owned by the chairman of the Brough Superior Club, Nottingham, England. Two others are under restoration.
A Brough Superior Dream was on display at the British National Motorcycle Museum. Like many exhibits it was destroyed in a fire in 2003 but has since been largely restored, although it has never run, as there are no internals in the engine or gearbox.

</doc>
<doc id="20679949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679949" title="Tomica Kocijan">
Tomica Kocijan

Tomislav "Tomica" Kocijan (born 21 November 1967 in Varaždin) is an Austrian football player and coach who is currently with SV Leibnitz Flavia Solva as a player-coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20679953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679953" title="Japanese imperial family tree">
Japanese imperial family tree

The following is a family tree of the Emperors of Japan, from Emperor Jimmu to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20679961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679961" title="James Vivian">
James Vivian

James Vivian FRCO (born 1974) is Organist & Director of Music at St George's Chapel, Windsor.
Until 2013, he was Director of Music of the historic Temple Church in London, where he presided over the choir of men and boys and the 1924 Harrison & Harrison organ.
He was educated as a Music Scholar at Malvern College and was Organ Scholar of King's College, Cambridge (1993-7) and was acting-Assistant Organist of Lincoln Cathedral (1992-3). He has studied the organ with Dr John Bishop, David Sanger, Philip Marshall, Colin Walsh and was awarded a scholarship to study with Marie-Louise Langlais in Paris. He was a prizewinner in the FRCO diploma.
He is married to the concert organist, Ann Elise Smoot.

</doc>
<doc id="20679986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679986" title="Mervyn Wingfield, 8th Viscount Powerscourt">
Mervyn Wingfield, 8th Viscount Powerscourt

Mervyn Richard Wingfield, 8th Viscount Powerscourt KP, MVO (16 July 1880 – 21 March 1947) was an Irish peer. 
He was born to Mervyn Wingfield, 7th Viscount Powerscourt, whom he succeeded as Viscount Powerscourt in 1904. He was appointed Lord Lieutenant of Wicklow on 15 February 1910 and created a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 18 April 1916. He died on 21 March 1947.
In 1903, he married Sybil Pleydell-Bouverie: they had three children, including Mervyn Patrick Wingfield, 9th Viscount Powerscourt. Lady Powerscourt served as the Girl Guides Deputy Chief Commissioner for Ireland. 
He is a great-grandfather of Sarah, Duchess of York through her mother Susan Barrantes, who is Powerscourt's granddaughter. Susan Barrantes' mother is the Hon. Doreen Wingfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20679997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20679997" title="Soleichthys heterorhinos">
Soleichthys heterorhinos

Soleichthys heterorhinos is a sole from the Eastern Indian Ocean and Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 18cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20680015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680015" title="Hans Albin Freiherr von Reitzenstein">
Hans Albin Freiherr von Reitzenstein

Hans Albin, Freiherr von Reitzenstein (4 March 1911 — 30 November 1943) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Hans Albin Freiherr von Reitzenstein was born in Berlin on 4 March 1911. He joined the Allegemeine-SS in 1931 and transferred to "Leibstandarte" in 1933.
World War II.
Von Reitzenstein was transferred to the SS-VT for the Polish Campaign in command of the 1st Company, SS Infantry Regiment "Deutschland" (2nd SS Division Das Reich). He was wounded during the Polish Campaign and was posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tolz to recover.
In December 1940 von Reitzenstein was posted to the newly formed SS "Wiking Division" that was being formed from an influx of foreign volunteers, particularly from Denmark, Belgium, the Netherlands and Norway. He was the commander of its 5th Reconnaissance Battalion. In 1942 he was transferred to the "Das Reich Division" and assumed command of the 2nd SS Reconnaissance Battalion, which was stationed in Russia. He remained in command of the Reconnaissance Battalion until March 1943, when he replaced Herbert Ernst Vahl as the commander of the 2nd SS Panzer Regiment.
Von Reitzenstein, promoted to Obersturmbannführer, was in command of the Panzer Regiment for the Battle of Kursk (Operation Citadel), during which he was awarded the Knight's Cross for the Regiment's actions at Belgorod, the Mius, Kharkov and Kolomak, when it destroyed 839 tanks, 18 assault guns, 334 anti-tank weapons and 32 other guns.
Hans Albin Freiherr von Reitzenstein committed suicide on 30 November 1943, due to the events surrounding the death of a female Russian volunteer (see Hiwi for SS volunteer system).
At the time of his death von Reitzenstein had been recommended for the German Cross in Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="20680018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680018" title="Kuwait National Assembly No-Confidence Votes">
Kuwait National Assembly No-Confidence Votes

Kuwait National Assembly No-Confidence Votes
The questioning of Cabinet ministers can lead to their impeachment, which the government usually avoids by resignations, reshuffles and dissolving the legislature. Since its inception in 1962, the National Assembly of Kuwait has questioned more than 30 ministers, forcing some to resign, but has never done so with a premier.
First National Assembly.
Social Affairs and Labor Minister Abdullah Meshari Al-Roudhan.
MP Mohammed Ahmad Al-Rshaid requested to grill the minister but later reached an agreement and withdrew his request.
Electricity and Water Minister Sheikh Jaber Al-Ali Al-Salem Al-Sabah.
MP Rashed Saleh Al-Tawhid discussed the grilling but no proposals were made and the National Assembly shifted to consider its agenda.
Second National Assembly.
Justice Minister Khaled Al-Jassar.
MPs Suleiman Al-Duwaikh, Hamad Al-Ayyar and Nasser Al-Osaimi discussed the grilling over two sessions and no further decision was taken. Some MPs requested formation of inquiry committee and this request was not approved and the session was adjourned.
Third National Assembly.
Finance and Oil Minister Abdul Rahman Salem Al-Ateeqi.
The minister was grilled by MP Khaled Mas’oud Al-Fuhaid but was not impeached.
Commerce and Industry Minister Khaled Suleiman Al-Adasani.
MPs Ali Thnayyan Al-Ghanem, Sami Al-Mnayyis and Abdullah Al-Naibari grilled the minister. The minister survived the ensuing no-confidence vote.
Finance and Oil Minister Abdul Rahman Salem Al-Ateeqi.
MPs Ahmad Al-Nafisi, Abdullah Al-Naibari and Salem Al-Marzouk grilled the minister. The minister survived the ensuing no-confidence vote.
Fifth National Assembly.
Health Minister Dr. Abdul Rahman Al-Awadi.
MP Khalifa Talal Al-Jiri led the discussion in favor of grilling the minister. The minister declined to present data based on the secrecy of relations between physicians and patients and the issue was referred to the Constitutional Court, which ruled in favor of the minister.
This was the first time a minister referred such an issue to the Constitutional Court.
Social Affairs and Labor Minister Hamad Issa Al-Rujaib.
MPs Khaled Sultan Al-Issa, Meshari Al-Anjari and Khaled Al-Jumaiaan led the calls for a grilling. The grilling request was withdrawn due to security circumstances surrounding the aftermath of the 1983 bombings.
Electricity and Water Minister Khalaf Al-Khalaf.
MP Ahmad Al-Tukahim grilled the minister and was satisfied enough by the minister's answers to withdraw the request for a no-confidence vote.
Sixth National Assembly.
Justice and Legal Affairs Minister Sheikh Salman Al-Duaij Al-Sabah.
MPs Mubarak Al-Duwaila, Dr. Ahmad Al-Rubei and Hamad Al-Jouaan requested a grilling and on May 7, 1985 the minister resigned two days before the grilling was to take place. This was the second ruling family minister to be grilled and resign.
Communications Minister Issa Al-Mazidi.
MPs Mohammed Suleiman Al-Mirshid, Faisal Al-Sane, and Ahmad Baqer made the request.
Finance and Economy Minister Jassem Al-Khrafi.
MP Nasser Al-Bannai made the request.
Oil and Industry Minister Sheikh Ali Al-Khalifa Al-Sabah.
MPs Abdullah Al-Nafisi, Jassem Al-Qitami, and Meshari Al-Anjari grilled the minister and in response the Amir dissolved the National Assembly on July 3, 1986. This was the ruling family minister to be grilled.
Education and Higher Education Minister Dr. Hassan Al-Ibrahim.
MPs Rashed Al-Hjailan, Ahmad Al-Shraiaan and Mubarak Al-Duwaila had their grilling of the minister listed on the agenda but the National Assembly was dissolved on July 3, 1986 and the grilling did not take place.
Seventh National Assembly.
Education and Higher Education Minister Dr. Ahmad Al-Rubei.
MP Mufarrej Nahar Al-Mutairi grilled the minister. The minister survived the vote of no confidence. This was the third elected minister to be grilled and first elected minister against whom a vote of no confidence motion was submitted.
Eighth National Assembly.
Second Deputy Prime Minister/Finance Minister Nasser Al-Roudhan.
MPs Sami Al-Mnayyis, Ahmad Al-Mlaifi and Meshari Al-Osaimi grilled the minister but failed to get the required number of signatories for the vote of no confidence motion. However, the minister resigned on November 15, 1997.
Information Minister Sheikh Saud Al-Nasser Al-Sabah.
MPs Dr. Walid Al-Tabtabaei, Mohammed Al-Elaim and Dr. Fahd Al-Khanna grilled the minister but the cabinet resigned one day before the vote of no confidence was to take place. After the cabinet was reformed, the minister was reappointed to the cabinet as the oil minister and acting health minister. This was the first cabinet resignation and the fourth ruling family minister to be grilled.
Interior Minister Sheikh Mohammed Al-Khaled Al-Sabah, June 1998.
MP Sayed Hussein Al-Qallaf grilled the minister on June 15, 1998. This was the fifth ruling family minister to be grilled.
Justice Minister/Awqaf and Islamic Affairs Minister Ahmad Al-Kulaib, May 1999.
MP Abbas Al-Khdhari grilled the minister on May 4, 1999. Then 20 MPs submitted two votes of no confidence motions against the minister. Subsequently, the National Assembly was dissolved constitutionally. This was the first constitutional dissolution of the parliament. Al-Kulaib was the fourth elected minister to be grilled and second elected minister against whom a vote of no confidence motion was submitted. It was first time two votes of no confidence motions were submitted.
Ninth National Assembly.
Electricity and Water Minister/State Minister for Housing Affairs Dr. Adel Al-Sabih.
MPs Walid Al-Jiri, Musallam Al-Barrak and Marzouk Al-Hbaini grilled the minister. The minister survived the no confidence vote.
Minister Al-Hashel, January 2001.
MP Sayid Al-Qallaf was to grill the minister on January 27, 2001. However, the cabinet resigned before the grilling could take place.
Justice Minister/Awqaf and Islamic Affairs Minister Ahmad Baqer, January 2002.
MP Sayid Hussein Al-Qallaf grilled the minister on January 8, 2002. This was the fifth elected minister to be grilled and the second time the government sought interpretation of certain articles from the Constitutional Court.
Education and Higher Education Minister Dr. Musaed Al-Haroun, April 2002.
MP Hassan Jowhar grilled the minister on April 2, 2002.
Finance Minister Dr. Yousef Al-Ibrahim, June 2002.
MP Musallam Al-Barrak and Mubarak Al-Duwaila grilled the minister on June 24, 2002. The result of the vote of no confidence motion was in favor of the minister. However, the minister resigned on January 25, 2003.
Electricity and Water Minister/Social Affairs and Labor Minister Talal Al-Ayyar, December 2002.
MP Sayid Hussein Al-Qallaf grilled minister on December 16, 2002. It was the sixth elected minister to be grilled.
Deputy Prime Minister/State Minister for Cabinet and National Assembly Affairs Mohammed Sharar, March 2003.
MP Abdulla Al-Naibari grilled the minister on March 3, 2003 and the result of the no confidence motion was in favor of the minister.
Deputy Prime Minister/Defense Minister Sheikh Jaber Al-Mubarak Al-Sabah, May 2003.
MP Ahmad Nassar Al-Shraiaan was to grill the minister on May 12, 2003 but the MP withdrew his request one day beforehand.
Tenth National Assembly.
Finance Minister Mahmoud Al-Nuri, March 2004.
MP Musallam Al-Barrak grilled the minister on March 8, 2004. The minister tendered his resignation last year after he narrowly survived the no-confidence vote.
Health Minister Mohammed Al-Jarallah, May 2004.
MP Sayid Hussein Al-Qallaf was to grill the minister on May 3, 2004.
Prime Minister/State Minister for Cabinet Affairs/State Minister for National Affairs Mohammed Dhaifallah Sharar.
MPs Ahmad Al-Mulaifi and Ali Al-Rashed were to grill the minister on December 6, 2004.
Information Minister Mohammed Abulhassan, January 2005.
On May 23, 2004, MP Al-Tabtabaie threatened to grill minister Abulhassan over allowing the Star Academy television show into Kuwait. MPs Awad Barad, Walid Al-Tabtabaei and Faisal Al-Mislim were supposed to grill the minister on January 3, 2005, but 24 hours before the grilling the minister resigned. In February, Anas Al-Reshaid was appointed the new information minister.
Justice Minister Ahmad Baqer, January 2005.
MP Jamal Al-Omar grilled the minister on January 10, 2005.
Health Minister Mohammed Al-Jarallah, April 2005.
MP Daifallah Bouramiya) accused the minister of squandering public funds and grilled the him for twelve hours on April 4, 2005. On April 6, Al-Jarallah resigned rather than face the no-confidence vote.
Prime Minister Shaykh Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah, May 2006.
MPs Ahmad Al-Saadoun, Ahmad Al-Mulaifi, and Faisal Al-Muslim Al-Otaib sought to grill the Prime Minister. In response, the Amir dissolved the National Assembly on May 21, 2006.
Eleventh National Assembly.
Information Minister Mohammed Al-San’ousi, December 2006.
On December 17, 2006, Information Minister Mohammed al-Sanoussi resigned, a day before he was scheduled to be grilled by MP Faisal Al-Muslim Al-Otaib over allegations that he tried to restrict satellite TV stations during this year's legislative elections.
Al-Sanoussi denied he curbed the private TV channels, saying that he only asked them to apply for licenses. In Kuwait, all publications and broadcasting media have to be licensed. Several privately owned satellite stations, operated from abroad, appeared in Kuwait before the June elections, broadcasting interviews with opposition figures and covering the campaign. Most subsequently went off the air.
Faisal Al-Muslim Al-Otaib led the campaign against Al-Sanoussi, claiming that al-Sanoussi wrote to the Interior Ministry, asking it to find out who owned the new TV stations so that this "sensitive and dangerous" situation could be dealt with. In the written request to question Al-Sanoussi, Al-Muslim said, "What the information minister did was against the principles of freedom, and against the constitution that guarantees freedom of speech, expression and publication." Al-Muslim also accused the minister of failing to suppress publications that were anti-Islamic and promoting vice.
Health Minister Health Minister Shaykh Ahmad Abdullah Al-Ahmad, February 2007.
MPs Waleed AlـTabtabaie, Jamaan Al-Hirbish, and Ahmad Al-Shihoumi grilled the minister in February 2007, questioning him about allegations of favoritism, deteriorating health services offered by state hospitals, and wasting public money by sending people for treatment abroad at the country's expense when they could be treated at home. The minister defended himself against accusations of mismanagement and incompetence, acknowledging he made mistakes and has asked the prosecutor general to investigate. But lawmakers were unconvinced and decided he should face a vote of no confidence. The cabinet then resigned on March 4, one day before the vote of no confidence was to take place.
Oil Minister Sheik Ali Al Jarrah Al Sabah, June 2007.
MPs Musallam Al-Barrak, Abdulla Al-Roumi, and Adel Al-Saraawi grilled the minister, who then resigned before a no-confidence vote could be held.
Health Minister Maasuma Al-Mubarak, August 2007.
On August 25, 2007, Faisal Al-Muslim Al-Otaib and Islamist MP Waleed AlـTabtabaie submitted to Speaker Jassem Al-Kharafi a motion to grill Health Minister Maasouma Al-Mubarak following the August 23rd Jahra Hospital fire which led to the death of two elderly patients. However, the minister resigned before she could be grilled.
The first angle of the grilling accused Dr Maasouma of committing violations in the Foreign Medical Treatment Department and toying with ministerial law 2007/25 issued by the minister after assuming office. Indicating according to the law only those patients suffering from diseases for which treatment is not available in Kuwait can be sent for treatment abroad according to the recommendation of a specialized panel of doctors and the physicians in charge of the patient, the MPs said in their grilling motion "as per the law the Health Minister and undersecretaries of health cannot interfere in the decision. However, this law was never implemented and was repeatedly violated under the minister's supervision."
Finance Minister Bader Al-Humaidhi, October 2007.
MP Dhaifallah Bouramya grilled the minister on October 22, 2007.
Awqaf and Islamic Affairs Minister/Justice Minister Dr. Abdulla Al-Ma’touq, October 2007.
MPs Walid Al-Tabtabaei and Ali Al-Omair submitted their request to grill the minister on October 22, 2007.
Twelfth National Assembly.
Prime Minister his highness sheikh Nasser mohammed alahmad alsabah, November 2008.
MPs Walid Al-Tabtabei, Abdulla Al-Barghash and Mohammed Hayef Al-Mutairi submitted a request on November 18, 2008, to grill the Prime Minister based on overriding security records, absence of the State’s prestige, and government confusion in running the affairs of the state and increase in rates of financial and administrative corruption. In response, the cabinet resigned in protest.
Prime Minister Nasser, February 2009.
In February 2009, the ICM announced its intentions to grill PM Nasser. On February 5, 2009, Al-Qabas quoted MP Ashour as saying that he suspected that the plan to grill Prime Minister Nasser is a plot between the cabinet and the ICM.

</doc>
<doc id="20680021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680021" title="MyGRAIN">
MyGRAIN

myGRAIN is a melodic death metal band from Helsinki, Finland. They are currently signed to Spinefarm Records. They have released three studio albums.
Background.
myGRAIN saw the daylight in the summer of 2004, as Tommy (vocals), Resistor (guitar) and Matthew (guitar) were standing on the ruins of their former band, New Science Band. The guys had been playing together since 1999 and as their collaboration still worked well, why not start a new band with this lineup. The main idea from the beginning was to play rough metal with melodies. DJ Locomotive (drums) and Eve (synths) joined the band quite soon and myGRAIN's lineup was almost finished. Jonas handled the bass for the two self-financed demo cds and after recording the second one, The Red Frame in April 2005, he permanently joined the band.
A few weeks after the recordings of The Red Frame, Spinefarm Records contacted myGRAIN and they inked a deal. The first fruit of their collaboration was the debut album Orbit Dance, released in April 2006. The debut album consisted of eleven songs of modern metal – with influences of both Nordic melodic death metal and the American style. As myGRAIN is considered to be on its best on live performances, they focused on touring in Finland as much as possible after the release of Orbit Dance. They still managed to write songs in between the gigs so in February 2008 their second album Signs of Existence was ready to be released. The album has developed myGRAIN’s rough but melodic sound into deeper and more confident style than ever before. On January 12, 2011, myGRAIN released their self-titled album.

</doc>
<doc id="20680026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680026" title="María Colombo">
María Colombo

María Cecilia Colombo de Serrano (born February 14, 1962) is a retired female field hockey defender from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680035" title="Pyramidula jaenensis">
Pyramidula jaenensis

Pyramidula umbilicata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidulidae.
Shell description.
The width of the shell is up to 2.2 mm, the height is up to 2.7 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20680039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680039" title="Hammond (surname)">
Hammond (surname)

The English surname or family name Hammond is derived from one of several personal names, most frequently
Some notable people with the surname Hammond include:

</doc>
<doc id="20680042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680042" title="Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church (Detroit)">
Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church (Detroit)

The Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church is a church located at 13770 Gratiot Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is commonly known as the Assumption Grotto Church. The church was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1990 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Architecture.
The Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church Complex consists of multiple structures: the church, a convent, a rectory, a cemetery, and the grotto, along with a utilitarian boiler house. A gymnasium and activity building, constructed in the 1960s lies behind the convent behind a vacant area which was previously occupied by a school building.
The church is a basilica-plan Neo-Gothic structure, faced with limestone and occupies the middle of the property facing Gratiot Avenue. The interior of the church includes altars and communion rails of Italian marble and stained glass windows illustrating scenes from the life of the Virgin Mary and the saints.
The rectory dates to 1918 and lies to the south of the church with the convent to the north dating from the early 1920s. Both are constructed of red brick along with the modest boiler house located next to the convent. A cemetery with a variety of monuments spanning from the early 19th century to the present lies east, to the rear of the church. A large statue of Our Lady of Lourdes stands on the grounds facing Gratiot.
Near the rear of the cemetery is the grotto. The shrine is constructed from imported limestone. Boulders placed around the shrine (as well as in the cemetery) were carried by farmers from all parts of Michigan. Some of the stones and many of the limestone pieces are carved with names and dedications. In front of the Grotto a fountain is inscribed with the words, "Glory to the One Triune God, Now and Forever".
History.
When German immigrants first came to Detroit in 1830, they arrived in the middle of a cholera epidemic. Avoiding the city, they traveled north along Gratiot, settling in an area where a handful of French Roman Catholics already lived. The Germans established a small settlement named Connor's Creek and built a log church at the site where this church now stands. They called the building Kirchen Wald (Church in the Woods), and Redemptionist missionaries offered Roman Catholic services in the structure. The name was later changed to "Chapel of the Assumption" and later "St. Mary's in the Woods" before being designated the "Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church."
In 1847, Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church was designated a parish—only the second in what is now Detroit. In 1852, the first full-time pastor, Father Amandus Vandendriessche, was assigned to the church. He began building a permanent brick structure, which was completed by the end of 1852 and sat 500. In 1876, Vandendriessche visited France, and was so impressed by the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes that he had a replica of the grotto, designed by Peter Dederichs, created at the church. The grotto was completed in 1881. On April 30, 1882, Pope Leo XIII signed a proclamation granting partial and plenary indulgences for anyone who visited the Grotto and prayed for the propagation of the faith.
As Detroit grew in the early 20th century, so did the parish. When the 1852 church burned, construction began on a third church in 1907. However, the population continued to grow. To meet the needs of the larger congregation, the Detroit architectural firm of Aloys Frank Herman designed the current church that was built in 1928-1929. and dedicated on September 22, 1929.
The parish today.
As a result of the fame of the shrine, the Church of the Assumption began to be known as Assumption Grotto. Mass is held daily, and most days the parish also offers a Tridentine Latin Mass.

</doc>
<doc id="20680054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680054" title="1977–78 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1977–78 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1977–78 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 51st season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing nineteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20680055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680055" title="Orbit Dance">
Orbit Dance

Orbit Dance is the debut studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band myGRAIN. It was recorded and mixed in November 2005 and January 2006, mastered in February 2006 and released in April 2006.
References.
Metal Archives

</doc>
<doc id="20680088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680088" title="Morgiana Hurdle">
Morgiana Hurdle

The Morgiana Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Punchestown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November.
The event was formerly contested over 2½ miles, and for a period it was classed at Listed level. It was cut by 2 furlongs in 1992, and it was given Grade 2 status in 1994. The race was shortened to its present length in 1995 and was promoted to Grade 1 level in 2006.
Previous sponsors of the Morgiana Hurdle have included Ballymore Properties, Maplewood Developments, Dobbins & Madigans and Ladbrokes.
Records.
Most successful horse since 1988 (3 wins):
Leading jockey since 1988 (6 wins):
Leading trainer since 1988 (6 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20680099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680099" title="North Congregational Church">
North Congregational Church

North Congregational Church was built in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1872-73, and was one of the early works by noted American architect Henry Hobson Richardson. It is one of his first works in the Romanesque style. The structure is of light sandstone and does not show the more distinctive features of later Richardsonian Romanesque works by Richardson and others. While the exterior is rectangular, the interior is cruciform with the corners filled by functional spaces i.e. the vestibule and church offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20680112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680112" title="Goran Kartalija">
Goran Kartalija

Goran Kartalija (born January 17, 1966 in Kljajićevo village near Sombor, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a naturalized Austrian football player last playing for SC St. Valentin. He also holds Croatian citizenship.
After playing with FK Vojvodina in the Yugoslav First League in 1991 he moved to Austria where, after a short spell with Wiener Sportklub he will play five seasons with LASK Linz. In 1997 he spent a season in France with OGC Nice before returning to Austria where he will play the rest of the career.
Between 1996 and 1997 he earned 4 caps for the Austrian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20680113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680113" title="Marisa López">
Marisa López

Marisa A. López (born September 10, 1964) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20680119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680119" title="1981–82 New York Rangers season">
1981–82 New York Rangers season

The 1981–82 New York Rangers season was the 56th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers finished second in the Patrick Division with 92 points and qualified for the NHL playoffs. In the first round of the playoffs, New York defeated the Philadelphia Flyers, three games to one, to advance to the Patrick Division Finals. There, the Rangers lost to the New York Islanders in six games.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1981 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20680121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680121" title="Signs of Existence">
Signs of Existence

Signs of Existence is the second album by the Finnish melodic death metal band myGRAIN.
Credits.
Other credits.
Guest appearances: Jules Näveri (Profane Omen), Mika Ikonen (Ablaze In Hatred),
Antti Hyyrynen (Stam1na) & Christine Sten.
References.
Metal Archives

</doc>
<doc id="20680125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680125" title="I Like Music">
I Like Music

"I Like Music" is a 2008 single by the Irish musical ensemble Republic of Loose. It features on the album "", being the first single released from it. The band performed it on "The Once a Week Show" on 5 April 2008.
The "Irish Independent"s John Meagher, after witnessing a performance in April 2008, singled out "I Like Music" along with "23 Things I Don't Like" as songs likely to match or exceed tracks from their previous album.

</doc>
<doc id="20680128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680128" title="Federico Colbertaldo">
Federico Colbertaldo

Federico Colbertaldo (born October 17, 1988) is an Italian freestyle swimmer.
In 2006, Colbertaldo was Junior European Champion in 400 m freestyle and won the silver medal in 200 m and 1500 m of the same stroke.
He represented Italy at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships swimming 800 m freestyle and winning the bronze medal.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20680142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680142" title="Escape from Scorpion Island (series 1)">
Escape from Scorpion Island (series 1)

Escape from Scorpion Island is a Bafta nominated BBC children's TV adventure game show in which contestants compete to 'escape from an exotic island'. Series 1 was produced by RDF Television. The first premiered on 3 September 2007 on BBC One and was presented by Caroline Flack and Reggie Yates. It was filmed in Fernando de Noronha, Brazil.
Synopsis.
The adventurers arrive on Scorpion Island and are divided into teams, known as Sting and Claw. Each team consists of five members each for a total of ten adventurers. Over the following three weeks the teams are required to complete various challenges in order to gain various advantages throughout the game, such as extra time.
The final objective is to be the first team to escape from the island. During the second week the teams collect Powerplayers for headstarts in the final challenge to escape from the island. On the third week contestants have to use their Powerplayers to gain time advantages. In season 1 the scores were Claw on 3 and Sting on 1. The final challenge was "Shadow Mountain Highway". Claw got a 2 minute headstart and eventually won, since Sting's Kyran and Oscar received minor injuries while climbing.
Series 1 also aired in Canada in January 2009 and was broadcast on YTV (TV channel).
Contestants.
Team Claw (Rock Camp 5 members) 
Team Sting (Tree Camp 5 members)
Secret Camp was a camp during the first week in which competitors were prevented from returning to Beach Camp. Caroline specifically indicated that the team was not eliminated from the competition, they just weren't returning to Beach Camp, as they built Claw.
Hayley and Kyran (Claw) and Helen and Sam (Sting) swapped teams on day 12 in Reverse Bungees.

</doc>
<doc id="20680160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680160" title="Ana María Rodríguez">
Ana María Rodríguez

Ana María Rodríguez (born February 27, 1958) is an American children's author specializing in science and health. Her book "Edward Jenner: Conqueror of Smallpox" was selected for the 2006 Best Books list of "Science Books & Films", a publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She sometimes writes under the pen name Mariana Relós.
Early life and education.
Rodríguez was born on February 27, 1958 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and grew up in Caracas, Venezuela. She was awarded a bachelor's degree in biology from Simón Bolívar University in 1979, a master's degree in biology from the Venezuelan Institute for Scientific Research in 1982, and a Ph.D. in biology and immunology from the Venezuelan Institute for Scientific Research. After relocating in 1987 to the United States, Rodríguez completed postdoctoral studies at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas and University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston, Texas.
Career.
After completing her education, Rodríguez taught graduate and undergraduate students and also volunteered in the Boston Museum of Science's SCIENCE-BY-MAIL program for children. In 1995, she began taking correspondence courses on writing for children from the Connecticut Institute of Children's Literature. She completed her second course in 1999, the same year she dedicated herself to writing full time. Rodríguez's first article, "The Kids Who Fought Smallpox", was published in the May 2000 issue of "Highlights for Children" under her pen name Mariana Relós and won the Highlights History Feature of the Year Award.
In 2001, Rodríguez completed a third course at the Institute of Children's Literature, and in 2003 became part of the school's faculty. That same year, she published her first book for children, "Fires".
Personal life.
Rodríguez lives with her husband and two sons in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20680165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680165" title="María Alejandra Tucat">
María Alejandra Tucat

María Alejandra Tucat (born October 21, 1961) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680186" title="Ernest Townsend">
Ernest Townsend

Ernest Townsend (1 January 1880 – 22 January 1944) was a portrait artist from Derby in England.
Townsend studied at Derby College of Art, Heatherleys in Chelsea and the Royal Academy. Among his notable works were a 1915 portrait of the Right Hon. Winston Churchill when he was First Lord of the Admiralty. This picture now hangs in the National Liberal Club in London.
Townsend was commissioned to create a design for the roofs of the Rolls-Royce aircraft engine factories in Derby so that they would appear to German bombers to be no more than a village.
Early years.
Ernest Townsend was born in Parliament Street in Derby, the youngest of James Townsend's five children. His father was a coach builder with Holmes of Derby (later Sanderson & Holmes). Coach building had been the Townsend profession practised for at least three generations. James' father, William, had moved to Derby from Bitton in Gloucestershire in the late 1850s. However by the age of eight, Townsend's caregiver was his elder sister.
His early education was at Abbey Street School and at the age of 14 he was apprenticed to a firm of architects, Wright and Thorpe (later known as T.H. Thorpe Associates), practising at 23 St James St, Derby. Thomas Harrison Thorpe, the junior partner, recognised Townsend's artistic ability immediately and a lifelong friendship developed between them.
Heatherleys and the Royal Academy.
Townsend's early promise was justified and eventually he left architecture altogether and embarked on a full-time course at the Heatherly School of Fine Art in London. He then moved to a five-year course at the Royal Academy Schools. He was enrolled as a student in the School of Painting at the Royal Academy from the 28th January until January 1907. Amongst his tutors at the Academy Schools were John Singer Sargent and Lawrence Alma-Tadema. His friends included Aubrey Beardsley, Alfred Munnings, Augustus John, and Laura Knight. Townsend exhibited 15 paintings at the Academy between 1910 and 1937, as shown below. 
As an impecunious art student, he lived with his brother, William Paulson Townsend, who had become Design Master at the Royal School of Needlework and was an author and editor of various art publications. Ernest supplemented his income with design work for these magazines, in particular for the "Art Worker's Quarterly".
In 1904 he won the Royal Academy's Landseer Scholarship for figure painting and in 1905 he won the Academy's Creswick prize for 'Willows and Weeds', a painting donated by his family after his death to the Derby Art Gallery.
Return to Derby.
In 1907, he left London. After some time in Paris and the Netherlands, he returned to Derby, where he had a studio in Full Street, living in nearby Coxbench. In 1912, Townsend, like his friends, Alfred Munnings and Laura Knight, represented Great Britain in the Olympic Games in Stockholm by entering a painting in the Olympic Art exhibition. 
At the age of 25, Townsend was commissioned to paint his former headmaster at the School of Art, T.C. Simmonds. This painting was later accepted by the Royal Academy for its 1910 Summer Exhibition. Perhaps it was this success that led to another commission from the Town for a portrait of the Libraries Museum and Art Gallery Director, William Crowther, upon his retirement in 1911. Many more "official" commissions were to come from the Town for the remainder of Townsend's life; a succession of mayoral portraits can be seen in the Council chamber today.
Portrait of Winston Churchill.
Townsend's 1915 portrait of the Right Hon. Winston Churchill when he was First Lord of the Admiralty was commissioned anonymously. This picture now hangs in the National Liberal Club in London, but it was not hung until 1944. Churchill had been unavailable to unveil it in 1915, and when he was available, he was no longer popular in the Liberal Club. The portrait was mothballed and retrieved for public viewing only following Churchill's success in 1944, when he was belatedly asked to unveil it.
The Derby Sketching Club.
Just as the Academy Schools had its elite band of artists—Munnings, Laura Knight, "et al."—so did Derby on a lesser sca1e. Edwardian Derby had its own band of regional artists: Alfred John Keene (also noted for his fine early photography), S. H. Parkin, and Frank Gresley. These and a number of lesser known but competent artists met via the Derby Sketching Club, to which Townsend was immediately attracted. He was to remain a member of the club for the rest of his life and he found a patron in Alfred E. Goodey via the club.
It was at the Sketching Club that he met Peter Campbell and his son Percy. Peter had moved from Stockton-on-Tees to work for the Bemrose Company as a commercial artist, although he later went freelance. Campbell produced much work for the Midland Railway. The friendship led to Ernest being invited to the Campbells' home on Havelock Road in Derby, which was then almost in the country. The three men shared an interest not only in art, but in amateur music. In this they were joined by Peter's daughter, Doris, who was an accomplished pianist to her father's violin and Townsend's baritone. Doris was also a member of the Sketching Club. Townsend married Doris Campbell on 30 December 1912 at St James' Church in Clapham.
World War II.
When Townsend died in 1944, some said it was due to overwork. He had been busy during the war creating designs that could be used to camouflage Rolls-Royce's aircraft engine factories in Derby. These factories built the Merlin engines that powered the Spitfire and Hurricane fighters. Using his skills, he made the factory appear from the air to be no more than a village.
In 1944 Derby Art Gallery put on a memorial exhibition in his honour. Derby Art Gallery still houses a large collection of his work, although not on permanent display. Townsend's death in 1944 means that his works will not be in the public domain until 2014 and use of his paintings requires the permission of the copyright owner. There is a permanent display of reproductions of many of his works in the "Standing Order" public house in Derby.
Exhibits at the Royal Academy.
Ernest Townsend Exhibits at the Royal Academy 1910 - 1937

</doc>
<doc id="20680192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680192" title="Josef Schicklgruber">
Josef Schicklgruber

Josef Schicklgruber (born July 21, 1967) is an Austrian football player currently playing for FC Pasching.

</doc>
<doc id="20680216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680216" title="Victoria Carbó">
Victoria Carbó

Victoria Carbó (born May 15, 1963) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. She won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20680243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680243" title="1969–70 New York Rangers season">
1969–70 New York Rangers season

The 1969–70 New York Rangers season was the 44th season for the team in the National Hockey League. The Rangers compiled 92 points during the regular season and advanced to the playoffs, where they lost in the quarter-finals to the Boston Bruins.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20680250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680250" title="Perumkulam">
Perumkulam


</doc>
<doc id="20680260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680260" title="Pulimath">
Pulimath


</doc>
<doc id="20680271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680271" title="Michael Blake">
Michael Blake

Michael Blake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20680279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680279" title="Pullampara">
Pullampara


</doc>
<doc id="20680281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680281" title="Marcela Richezza">
Marcela Richezza

Marcela Fabiana Richezza (born December 23, 1964) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680284" title="Minuscule 2766">
Minuscule 2766

Minuscule 2766 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 147 parchment leaves (19.6 cm by 15.5 cm). Paleographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels. The text is written in one column per page, in 20 lines per page. Titles are written in red uncial letters. The title in Mark is written in red semi-uncial letters, but in the rest of the Gospels in red uncial letters. It contains the Eusebian Canons in red.
Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has Kmix/Cl827/Cl827.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 31) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20680294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680294" title="Sarkara-Chirayinkeezhu">
Sarkara-Chirayinkeezhu

References.
Famous Malayalam cine actress Prem Nazir, Bharath Gopi born here.

</doc>
<doc id="20680300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680300" title="Beard Miller Company">
Beard Miller Company

Beard Miller Company LLP (bmc), a legacy firm of ParenteBeard LLC, was an accounting and auditing firm serving clients mainly in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States. The firm was created through a series of mergers, the largest occurring in January 2001 between Beard & Company and Miller & Company. Prior to merging with Parente Randolph in October 2009, bmc had 16 offices located in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey and New York, and more than 600 employees. bmc was a member of the larger BDO Seidman Alliance, which enables Accounting and Consulting organizations other than the "Big 4 auditors" to share resources which may be otherwise unattainable. The CEO of bmc was Lamar Stoltzfus, who is now chairman of ParenteBeard.
Branding.
Though the firm’s legal name was Beard Miller Company, the firm elected to use its initials in lower case (bmc) in day to day operations. The firm also used numbers in the place of letters when advertising the brand’s image, a form of "rebus". For instance, the word “vision”, which appeared prominently in the company’s literature, is spelled out V1510N.
Services.
bmc provided the following services: Audit (including IT Audit and Employee Benefits), Tax Consulting and Form Preparation, and Business Consulting. The firm also had a sister organization, bmc Financial Advisors, which, while technically a separate entity, worked closely with the larger accounting organization.
National Rankings.
28th in Vault’s most prestigious accounting firms in 2008
9th in SEC clients serviced in 2008
39th in Net Revenue in 2008
14th in growth between 2007 and 2008
Locations.
16 locations in four states. These locations are:
Pennsylvania.
Malvern
Reading
Lancaster
Allentown
Harrisburg
York
Altoona
Pittsburgh
Wexford
Hanover
Maryland.
Baltimore
New York.
New Hartford
Syracuse
New Jersey.
Clark
Jackson
Merger.
In August 2009, the firm announced that it would merge with Parente Randolph, another Mid-Atlantic public accounting firm, effective October 1, 2009. The new firm is headquartered in Philadelphia, PA and is named ParenteBeard LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="20680305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680305" title="Theakada">
Theakada


</doc>
<doc id="20680308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680308" title="Thirupuram">
Thirupuram

Thirupuram is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
Thirupuram village is 6 km away from Neyyattinkara, 25 km away from the capital city Thiruvananthapuram. The famous Thirupuram Siva Temple is situated here. Thirupuram is also very near to the Poovar, Vizhinjam and Kovalam. This Village is famous for Sivarathri festival.There is a story behind the name Thirupuram. It is believed that this the place where lord Siva sits after the "Thripura dahanam". Thus the village got the name Thripuram which later got changed to Thirupuram.
The official website of Thirupuram Mahadeva Temple has been launched during the last Sivarathri Mahothsav.. www.thirupurammahadevar.com. 
The website is no longer exists.
Demographics.
As of 2001 India census, Thirupuram had a population of 38373 with 18925 males and 19448 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20680309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680309" title="Tholicode">
Tholicode


</doc>
<doc id="20680311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680311" title="Uliyazhathura">
Uliyazhathura


</doc>
<doc id="20680314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680314" title="Uzhamalackal">
Uzhamalackal


</doc>
<doc id="20680315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680315" title="Vamanapuram">
Vamanapuram

Geography.
Vamanapuram is located at 8°41′0″N 76°56′0″E on Main Central Road, at a distance of 32km from Thiruvananthapuram in Thiruvananthapuram District, Kerala.
The nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International Airport and railway station is Thiruvananthapuram Central. Kerala State Road Transport Corporation operates a bus depot at Vamanapuram. It is well connected to all parts of the state by state road transport buses. Gokulam Medical College and Muslim Association College of Engineering are located here.

</doc>
<doc id="20680317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680317" title="Vattappara">
Vattappara

, well known for its geographical peculiarities with quarries that are generally used for extracting building materials (rock).This town is by the side of MC Road connecting Trivandrum and Kottayam and 14 km away from Trivandrum City. The nearest township is Nedumangad.There is no recorded history on the origin of this place. The major occupation in Vattappara is farming(Rubber, Coconut).
Religion.
"Temples".
"Sri Endalayappan" temple,Kazhunadu, Appx 2 km from Vattappara.
Transport.
Road.
The major portion of the road transportation is provided by KSRTC ( Kerala State Road Transport Corporation).There are frequent bus services through this route. There is no private bus service in this place.
Police Station.
Vattappara Police Station.
Vattappara Police Station.
Rail.
The nearest Railway Station is Trivandrum Central railway station which is 15 km from Vattappara.
Air.
The nearest airport is Trivandrum International Airport which is 20 km from Vattappara.
Geography.
For More Details contact:-

</doc>
<doc id="20680319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680319" title="Vazhichal">
Vazhichal


</doc>
<doc id="20680320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680320" title="Veeranakavu">
Veeranakavu


</doc>
<doc id="20680322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680322" title="Veiloor">
Veiloor


</doc>
<doc id="20680324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680324" title="Stony Brook Gatehouse">
Stony Brook Gatehouse

The Stony Brook Gatehouse in The Fenway is part of Boston's Emerald Necklace, designed in the late 1870s to 1880s by noted American landscape architect Frederick Law Olmstead. The Fenway portion of the Emerald Necklace (near the baseball stadium Fenway Park) surrounds the Muddy River, with three bridges spanning the river. Olmstead asked architect Henry Hobson Richardson, with whom he had worked frequently, to design these bridges as well as this storage building. The building features a slate roof with distinctive wooden beams and walls of smooth stones of varying cuts. The red mortar used between the stone is similar to that of many of Richardson's other works. A similar companion building sits next close by.
In 2010 the building was refurbished for use as the Emerald Necklace Visitor and Volunteer Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20680325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680325" title="Vellalloor">
Vellalloor


</doc>
<doc id="20680327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680327" title="Vellanad">
Vellanad

Demographics.
Vellanad is situated around 23 km from Trivandrum city.
K.Viswanathan's prestigious NGO institution Mitraniketan is one of the organizations that work in close association with DANIDA (Danish International Development Agency) and is located in Vellanad. It is dedicated to educating rural and tribal children and to vocational training for adults. It has volunteers from around the world in medical and educational positions. Shri K. Viswanathan was awarded the Padma Shri award for social work in 2009. Padma Shri is the fourth highest civilian award in the Republic of India, after the Bharat Ratna, the Padma Vibhushan and the Padma Bhushan. It is awarded by the Government of India.
First computerized village in India 

</doc>
<doc id="20680337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680337" title="Vellarada">
Vellarada

Demographics.
Thiruvananthapuram district consist of 13 Block Panchayats.They are Parassala,Perumkadavila,Athiyannoor,Nemom,Thiruvananthapuram Rural,Kazhakuttom,Vellanad,Nedumangad,Vamanapuram,Cherpu,Kilimanoor,Chirayinkeezh,Varkala.
In these 13 Block Panchayats there are about 80-83 Grama panchayats,
23 wards in vellarda grama panchayath, Karikamancode is one among them. 
They are Parassala,Karode,Thirupuram,Kulathur,Chenkal,Poovar,Vellarada,Kunnathukal,
Kollayil,Perumkadavila,Ottasekharamangalam,Aryancode,Kallikad,Amboori,Athiyanoor
Kanjiramkulam,Kottukal,Venganoor,Karumkulam,Vizhinjam,Maranalloor,Blaramapuram,
Pallichal,Vilapil,Kaliyoor,Malayinkeezh,Vilavoorkal,vattiyoorkavu,
Kudapakunnu,Sreekaryam,Pothencode,Andoorkonam,Mangalapuram,Kazhakootam,
Kadinamkulam,Kattakada,Vellanad,Poovachal,Vitura,Uzhamalakkal,Aryanad,Kutichal,
Tholicode,Karakulam,Vembayam,Panavoor,Anad,Aruvikkara,Vamanapuram,Manikal,
Nellanad,Nanniyode,Kallara,Perigamala,Pullampara,Paralam,Pangode,Valachira,
Avinissery,Pulimath,Karavaram,Nagaroor,KIlimanoor,Madavoor,Pazhayakunnummel,
Naviakulam,Pallikal,Chirayankeezh,Azhoor,Kadakavoor,Vakkom,Kizhuvilom,Anjuthengu
Mudakal,Vettoor,Edava,Otoor,Chemmaruthy,Manampore,Ilakamon,Cherunniyoor.
References.
Karikamancodu Devi Temple : https://sites.google.com/site/sreebhadradevipuram/
MITTU MEDIA
Video Shoot,Video Live,Video Edit
Koothali,Vellarada
Mob:9995975980(Jinoy)
Near koothali Easwara Vilasam U.P school
Near Thekkan Kurisumala,Vellarada
NB:Anybody want to see our videos on youtube___www.youtube.com/superjinoy

</doc>
<doc id="20680340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680340" title="Vembayam">
Vembayam

Demographics.
As per the data Vembayam is thick with rubber plantations. The entire paddy fields were converted into housing colonies. Vembayam is also sharing with MC Road. A famous temple named Akarathil panchiyamma bhagavathy Temple is there.It is near by MC road

</doc>
<doc id="20680346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680346" title="List of One Piece chapters (187–388)">
List of One Piece chapters (187–388)

"One Piece" is a "shōnen" manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda that has been translated into various languages and spawned a substantial media franchise. It follows the adventures of the seventeen-year-old boy Monkey D. Luffy, whose body gained the properties of rubber when he accidentally ate a supernatural fruit, as he travels the oceans in search of the series' titular treasure and gathers himself a ragtag crew of heroic pirates, named the Straw Hats. In Japan, the series is published by Shueisha – chapterwise in the manga anthology "Weekly Shōnen Jump" since the magazine's issue of August 4, 1997 and in "tankōbon" format since December 24, 1997.
In North America, Viz Media is publishing its English language adaptation of the series – chapterwise in the manga anthology "Shonen Jump" since the magazine's launch in November 2002 and in "tankōbon" format since June 2003. In the United Kingdom, the "tankōbon" were published by Gollancz Manga, starting March 2006, until Viz Media took over after the fourteenth volume. In Australia and New Zealand, the English volumes are distributed by Madman Entertainment since November 10, 2008.
__TOC__
Volume list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20680349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680349" title="Vettoor">
Vettoor


</doc>
<doc id="20680350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680350" title="Vilappil">
Vilappil


</doc>
<doc id="20680355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680355" title="Vilavoorkkal">
Vilavoorkkal


</doc>
<doc id="20680359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680359" title="Gabriela Liz">
Gabriela Liz

Gabriela A. Liz (born December 31, 1961) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was the captain of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Liz twice won a gold medal at the Pan American Games (1987 and 1991), and ended her international career after the 1998 Women's Hockey World Cup.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20680361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680361" title="Anjur">
Anjur

Summary.
Anjur is a beautiful village located away from kunnamkulam. Its on the way to althara from kunnamkulam. Anjur has the majority Christian community settlement rest covers Hindus and Muslims.The best landmark would be xaviers church and it is one of the historical symbol. Anjur had an old age tree which was located in the centre and it was fallen off recently during rainy season.People are co-operative and friendly.This place connects almost all the other major towns.

</doc>
<doc id="20680363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680363" title="Annakara">
Annakara


</doc>
<doc id="20680366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680366" title="Annallur">
Annallur


</doc>
<doc id="20680368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680368" title="Anthicad">
Anthicad

History.
Anthikad is known as Moscow of kerala.
Kola Muri Samaram.
It held an important position in shaping the political and the social perspectives of Kerala.The toddy tappers were organised by communists who were hiding from the police to avoid arrest for their role in freedom movement. Com. George Chadayanmuri,who working underground (evading arrest as per instruction of communist party) took pains to talk to the toddy tappers and bring them under the umbrella of a union.
The Communists converted the toddy tappers from slaves of brutal contractors to modern day human beings and these workers became the leaders of the society. The farmers, teachers and other people accepted the leadership of toddy tappers and together they took part in the freedom struggle and also fought for upliftment of lives.Comrade(Late) Chathu Master, K.R. Kelu, K.G. Kelan, K.S. Chathu Kutty, N.C. Shankaran, K.S. Kittunni, M.R.Shankaran kodapully, and many others who were several times arrested, jailed and tortured for their crimes of organising workers against contractors.Today's Revenue Minister Mr. K.P. Rajendran is son of a leader of toddy tappers who himself was once made a minister. He, late Mr. K.P. Prabhakaran is the product of the agitations toddy workers led relentlessly during the pre-and-post independence period.
The height of the Toddy Tappers agitation is remembered as 'Kola Muri Samaram'. There were several tappers who did not want to take risk and join the struggle. These people united under the banner of Congress Party and their trade union. This rival union activists acted as agents of the Contractors and the Police. When the agitating communists decided to go on an indefinite strike, the Contractors were hurt by the financial losses in business they suffered. At that time, the opposing union members decided to manufacture more toddy and supplement to the loss suffered due to the non-working agitators.
It was then, the strikers decided to cut the flower-buds of coconut trees from which the agents of the contractors were producing toddy. During night time, simultaneously at several places the flower-buds of their trees were cut off. This was later called 'Kola Muri Samaram'.
Very cruel suppression with all the forces of Police and Govt. Administration supported by Courts of Law followed. House searches, illegal custodies, lock up tortures of all kinds and forms, jailing, atrocities on women - everything the government and the Contractors tried to defeat the strikers failed. Finally, they had to call the Communist leaders for negotiation.
Famous Personalities.
K.P.Prabakaran
K.P.Rajendran
V. M. Sudheeran
V.S. Sunil Kumar MLA
Sathyan Anthikad

</doc>
<doc id="20680370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680370" title="Avanur">
Avanur

Avanur is located around 3 km east of the Thrissur-Kunnamkulam highway from Mundur junction and around 8 to 9 km from Thrissur town. The new Government Medical College at Mulankunnathukavu is just 3.5 km from Avanur. Avanur Grama panchayath bagged the Swaraj Trophy for the best village panchayat in Kerala for the year 2000–2001. The award was given in recognition of the successful implementation of developmental programmes and efficient administration. Avanur is well connected by around 20 private buses plying through it to various places like Thrissur town, Mundur, Kunnamkulam, Chavakkad, Mundathikode, Medical College and Athani. The newly proposed a combined Medical University by Government of Kerala is being planned around the Thrissur Medical College sprawling across a lush green campus. This is planned to host universities for Evidence Based Medicine, Ayurveda, Homoeopathy, Siddha and Yunani systems of medicine.
Thaipooyam festival.
The festival of Thaipooyam during the Malayalam month of Makaram is famous at Avanur - the main event being held at the Avanur Althara junction as well as at the Anthiringa Subrahmaniaswamy Temple at Edakkulam, Thangalur. The festival involves performances with large flowerpots or 'Kaavadi' along with other performing arts like Panchavadyam, Sinkarimelam etc. The kaavadi or flowerpots are made separately by 4 or 5 local groups particiating in the festival and taken as a procession to the temple. The kaavadi is basically of 2 types - the 'pookavadi' - the more colourful one and the 'ambalakavadi' - the tall one which is mostly in sets of 5 or 7 made of light weight wood, ornamentation and peacock feathers. For the Avanur group participating in the festival it begins with a procession starting from the Avanur Sree Krishna Temple early morning and lasts till noon. Towards evening it starts again and ends at the Anthiringa Subrahmaniaswamy Temple with the 'abhishekam'.
Important places and landmarks.
1. Avanur Sree Krishna Swamy temple - a small and beautiful temple located at the heart of Avanur village. Sri Krishna is the main deity here along with Ganapathy and Ayyappa
2. Kanteshwaram Shiva temple - Here Shiva is the main deity. Thiruvathira is the main festival associated with this temple during the Malayalam month of Dhanu.
3. Althara junction - an important place at Avanur where most of the festivities and public functions take place. This Y-junction is connected by roads from Mundur, Mundathikode and Velappaya (to Thrissur)
4. Santha Higher Secondary School - located in between the Asanpadi and the Althara bus stops, this is a Government-aided higher secondary school run by a private management. The school has a very good student strength.
5. Oceanus Palms, a residential villa project of Oceanus group, has started off their work near the Avanur-Mundur road.
6. All India Radio station at Thrissur is located at Avanur - Varadiyam road.
7. Catholic Syrian Bank Avanur branch located at Avanur Althara junction.
8. A number of construction-related industries like hollow bricks, readymix concrete, decorative tiles, wiring cables, pipes etc. are located here.
9. Anupama, a cinema theatre is also located at Avanur.
10. Ayurvedic dispensary.
11. Vetenary Hospital
12. Avanoor panchayath also covers varadiam place.
13. Varadiyam center marked by lijo jose varadiyam.
14. Varadiyam school,high secondary also working same place.
15. St. Antony's church,and Sree ayappankavu temple in same place(varadiyam)
16. Varadiyam place mundur junction to 1.5 km.
17. Varadiyam centre old rice mill working since 1950 with the operator jose varadiyam.
References.
2. http://www.thehindubusinessline.in/2002/05/04/stories/2002050402291700.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20680371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680371" title="Damani">
Damani

Damani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20680373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680373" title="Chazhoor">
Chazhoor

Civic administration.
For administrative purposes, the Chazhoor panchayat is divided into 13 wards, from which the members of the panchayat are elected for five years.
History.
Chazhoor village holds the ancient palace of Chazhoor (Chazur) kovilakom. This is the root (moola thavazhi)of the Cochin royal family, in Ernakulam district (Perumpadappu swaroopam). Reference – Genealogy of Cochin Royal Family. 
The Naalukettu (Kerala style of joint family house] of Chazhoor royal family is in this village. 
Chazhur Pazhayannur Bhagavathy temple is in this village, famous as an important Deity of Perumpadappu Swaroopam. Reference- Kingdom of Cochin
Politics.
Chazhoor panchayat is part of Thrissur Parliament constituency and Nattika Legislative constituency.
The current MP is P C Chacko and MLA is Geetha Gopi.

</doc>
<doc id="20680386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680386" title="O, Capiz">
O, Capiz

O, Capiz, also known as the Capiz Hymn, is the official provincial anthem of the province of Capiz in the Philippines. The hymn, which bested 24 other entries in a province-sponsored competition, was written by Charmaine O. Guartero, a high school music teacher at Filamer Christian University.
The hymn was adopted on June 23, 2006 by an ordinance of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan of Capiz and performed for the first time at the charter aniniversary of the province. The current arrangement, meanwhile, was unveiled on June 25, 2007. According to then-governor Vicente Bernejo, who is currently serving as the mayor of Roxas City, said that in the Capizeños' quest for development, "we need a melody that will inspire us and forge our efforts together to achieve our dream for a better Capiz", describing "O, Capiz" as a unique expression of what the true Capiz is and what Capizeños really are.
The official video of "O, Capiz" is available on YouTube and cassette and CD copies of the hymn are being distributed to schools throughout the province.

</doc>
<doc id="20680389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680389" title="Martin Kitcher">
Martin Kitcher

Martin Kitcher (born April 23, 1962) is a singer songwriter from Bournemouth Dorset.
A well known character in his home county of Dorset most recently in the local news for declaring Dorset as independent from the UK with its own entry for the Eurovision Song Contest as a protest against Andrew Lloyd Webber's song to be the only entry from the UK to be considered 
Martin wrote the soundtrack for the documentary "The Last Word" about the Frank Bruno v Joe Bugner 1987 boxing match for the British Commonwealth championship held in White Hart Lane London.
History.
During the punk era in the UK at the age of 15 he formed the “Comic action Heroes”.
In 1979, Martin joined Program, a band from New Milton in Hampshire, originally called Product 109, Program were part of the English "post-punk" movement and gained heavy publicity from a campaign waged by Tom Vague by use of Fanzine entitled "Vague". The band gained notoriety and interest but unfortunately Martin received a severe electric shock while performing on-stage which stalled his career and indeed the growing cult band's too.
In 1982 Martin Kitcher formed a band called “Agagaga” and released 2 albums, “Greenworld” (1987, Blitz records) and “Agamemnon” (1990, Dew Records), whilst at the time Martin also wrote theme music including a number one theme tune for a video featuring Frank Bruno.
The Martin Kitcher Band recorded a cover of Suspicious Minds for the charity Julia's House.
He also runs MKM Digital which currently has 70+ releases and manages, produces and arranges many acts.
In 2007, Martin released an album on CD and MP3 called "Eyes to The Left" on through his production company.
After a back injury in 2009, he has been inactive on the live music scene in Britain since as a result, however has continued in a consultant role for some musical acts including Fitzpain who played at the Royal Albert Hall in London, in 2008, prior to the release of their second Single "Perfect World" which he also produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20680390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680390" title="Alexander Dallas Bache Monument">
Alexander Dallas Bache Monument

The Alexander Dallas Bache Monument is the tomb of Alexander Dallas Bache, a noted American scientist and surveyor. Bache died in Newport, Rhode Island in 1867 and was transported to Washington, DC's Congressional Cemetery for burial. American architect Henry Hobson Richardson was commissioned to build a tomb in 1868. The tomb is one of only three examples of a monument designed by Richardson and a rare example of a Richardson structure lacking Romanesque design points.

</doc>
<doc id="20680391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680391" title="Satoko Tanaka">
Satoko Tanaka

She won the 1960 Olympic bronze medal in the 100 metre backstroke with a time of 1:11.4.

</doc>
<doc id="20680411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680411" title="Gabriela Sánchez (field hockey)">
Gabriela Sánchez (field hockey)

Gabriela Edith Sánchez Grossi (born October 27, 1962) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She twice was a member of the Women's National Team that competed at the Summer Olympics: in 1988 and 1996. Sánchez also twice won a gold medal at the Pan American Games: 1987 and 1995.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20680419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680419" title="Danish Landrace goat">
Danish Landrace goat

The Danish Landrace goat (Danish: "Dansk Landraceged") is a landrace breed from Denmark.
Goats have been in Denmark since 3400 BC. The Danish Landrace goat is descended from ancient goats of Denmark, with a more recent addition of bloodlines from the Harz region of Germany and the Saanen goat. It is used primarily for the production of milk, but is also raised for meat and as a pet.
The breed's studbook, "Foreningen for Danske Landracegeder", was opened in 1982. Danish Landrace goats are mid to large-sized goats, with males weighing around 80 kg and females 58 kg. Common colors include brown and black coats like wild goats, as well as white, blue-grey, and other hues.

</doc>
<doc id="20680426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680426" title="Manor House, 21 Soho Square">
Manor House, 21 Soho Square

Manor House, 21 Soho Square is a Grade II listed building in the West End of London. It has 17th-century origins but the existing structure dates from 1838. It was originally built in 1678 as a townhouse but through its history has also been a notorious brothel, the headquarters of Crosse & Blackwell and is now an office building.
History.
Early history.
In 1678 a lease was granted on a plot in Soho Square to John Dunton by Richard Frith (who laid out the rest of the Square in 1681) and William Pym. Dunton built two houses on the site which were later converted into a single dwelling with the address of 21 Soho Square. For the next 90 years the house was lived in by a succession of prominent figures including from 1685, James Grahme, and then briefly in 1691 by his brother Richard Graham, Viscount Preston. 
Between 1730 and 1734, Manor House was the home of Sir Rowland Winn 4th Bart of Nostell Priory, Yorkshire. During Winn's tenure George Vertue recorded that a "large family picture of Sir Thomas More" was hung there, this was a copy by Rowland Lockey of the painting (now lost) by Hans Holbein and had been commissioned by the More family in 1592. When Winn left Manor House the painting went to Nostell Priory where it remains. Between 1772 and 1775 21 Soho Square was the location of the Spanish Embassy.
The White House brothel.
In 1776 the house, known then as The White House, was bought by Thomas Hopper, who, between 1778 and 1801 styled it as an hotel although all contemporary accounts point to its real business being as a high-class magical brothel. The White House is described as being garishly decorated and had lavish themed rooms including the "Gold Room", "Silver Room" and "Bronze Room", a "Painted Chamber", "Grotto", "Coal Hole" and most famously the "Skeleton Room" which contained a mechanised human skeleton designed to scare the staff and patrons alike. Henry Mayhew called the White House a "notorious place of ill-fame" and wrote:
Some of the apartments, it is said, were furnished in a style of costly luxury; while others were fitted up with springs, traps, and other contrivances, so as to present no appearance other than that of an ordinary room, until the machinery was set in motion. In one room, into which some wretched girl might be introduced, on her drawing a curtain as she would be desired, a skeleton, grinning horribly, was precipitated forward, and caught the terrified creature in his, to all appearance, bony arms. In another chamber the lights grew dim, and then seemed gradually to go out. In a little time some candles, apparently self-ignited, revealed to a horror stricken woman, a black coffin, on the lid of which might be seen, in brass letters, ANNE, or whatever name it had been ascertained the poor wretch was known by. A sofa, in another part of the mansion was made to descend into some place of utter darkness; or, it was alleged, into a room in which was a store of soot or ashes.
Crosse and Blackwell.
In 1838 the house was acquired by Edmund Crosse and Thomas Blackwell of the condiment firm Crosse & Blackwell. They embarked on the first and only major rebuilding/remodelling of the original structure and created the house which we see today of four main storeys of yellow stock brick with a four-window wide facade fronting Soho Square - the front door was previously on Sutton Row as shown in an 1826 watercolour by T. Richardson. They also added a "painted cornice below the third storey and a shallower entablature and blocking above screening the slated mansard roof" as well as cast iron balconies to the first and second floors. Crosse and Blackwell operated their business from the house until 1925 and it is probable that the ground floor had some kind of shop front. Crosse and Blackwell's structure is the house we see today but for the addition of a Portland stone facade to the ground floor by architect M.W.Watts in 1927-8.
Modern use.
When Stephen Tallents' film unit was transferred from the Empire Marketing Board to the General Post Office Public Relations Department in 1933, it moved from Oxford Street to 21 Soho Square where it remained for many years under its new name the GPO Film Unit and from where many of its most famous productions were conceived. 
Manor House, 21 Soho Square is still in use as an office building. Its most recent leaseholders include Stoll Moss Theatres and Really Useful Theatres; the current leaseholder is See Tickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20680430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680430" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1891–1897">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1891–1897

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1891 and 1897. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20680439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680439" title="Chromis amboinensis">
Chromis amboinensis

Chromis amboinensis is a Chromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20680452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680452" title="Chromis lineata">
Chromis lineata

Chromis lineata is a Chromis from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20680455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680455" title="A. H. Woodfull">
A. H. Woodfull

Albert Henry "Woody" Woodfull (17 September 1912 – 24 June 2011) was an English product designer. Laying down many of the ground rules of industrial design in plastics while heading British Industrial Plastics' Product Design Unit, his work had international influence.
Woodfull was born in Birmingham and trained as a silversmith at the Vittoria Street School of Jewellery and Silversmithing before studying product design at the Birmingham School of Art. In 1934 he was appointed to British Industrial Plastics (BIP) as a product designer at their Streetly factory. His brief from the managing director was to "bring art to an artless industry", and his early work was largely in packaging, where designs such as his "Ardath Cigarette Box" of 1935 showed strong Art Deco influences and have become highly collectable.
After World War II he produced notable promotional material for Cadbury's, but increasingly focussed on tableware, designing the classic "Beetleware" range in urea formaldehyde in 1946.
Woodfull visited the United States in 1948 to investigate the newly developed melamine formaldehyde material, whose greater water resistance was to lead it briefly to threaten ceramics as the dominant material in tableware.
In 1951 Woodfull was appointed to head BIP's newly formed Product Design Unit, where he was to remain until his retirement in 1970. As well as developing designs for BIP itself, the unit's "Design Advisory Service" aimed to provide design consultancy to companies developing products in plastics, with the aim of improving the public's perception of the quality of plastic products and increasing demand for BIP's materials. As a result Woodfull and the team he built up were responsible to some degree for most of the designs for tableware in melamine that developed in the 1950s and 1960s, including the "Gaydon" and "Melaware" ranges that are now recognised as being among the pinnacles of 1960s plastics design.

</doc>
<doc id="20680462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680462" title="The Shinee World">
The Shinee World

"The Shinee World" (stylized as The SHINee WORLD) is the first studio album by South Korean boy band, Shinee. The album was released in South Korea on August 29, 2008. The album includes the lead single "Love Like Oxygen", the promotional single of the same name "The Shinee World (Doo-Bop)", and their previous single "Replay", which was the lead single from their mini-album, "Replay". 
The Shinee World debuted at the #3 spot on the South Korean charts, selling 30,000 copies. In September issue of the charts, "The Shinee World" sold a total of 49,864 copies. 
On October 31, 2008 the album was re-released, under the title "Amigo" and contains three new tracks; "Forever or Never", a remix of "Sa.Gye.Han (Love Should Go On) (사.계.한)" and the second (lead) single for the album "A.Mi.Go (Amigo)" (아.미.고). Since its release "The Shinee World" has sold over 100,000 copies. 
Tracklist.
Credits adapted from the official homepage. 

</doc>
<doc id="20680464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680464" title="Chromis xanthura">
Chromis xanthura

Chromis xanthura is a Chromis from the Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20680469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680469" title="Chemmanthatta">
Chemmanthatta


</doc>
<doc id="20680470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680470" title="Chromis flavomaculata">
Chromis flavomaculata

Chromis flavomaculata is a Chromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20680480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680480" title="Rupert Marko">
Rupert Marko

Rupert Marko (born November 24, 1963) is a retired Austrian football player and a coach currently managing SV Horn.

</doc>
<doc id="20680486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680486" title="Chendrappini">
Chendrappini


</doc>
<doc id="20680490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680490" title="Moira Brinnand">
Moira Brinnand

Moira Martha Brinnand (born May 10, 1962) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680492" title="Johnny Brittain">
Johnny Brittain

Johnny Brittain became famous as a British motorcycle trials rider. His father Vic Brittain was also a famous trials rider and winner of the British Experts Trial in 1936 and 1938.
Originally riding for DMW and then James motorcycles, Johnny beat the three James works riders in his first International Six Days' Trial (ISDT) in the 125cc class. He moved to Royal Enfield on the Royal Enfield Bullet 350cc. 1950 was his first full year riding the Bullet, at the very young age of eighteen when he won a gold medal in the ISDT held that year in Wales, as well as the first class gold award in the Scottish Six Days Trial, a nine hundred mile endurance competition.
Overall Johnny Brittain won more than 50 trade sponsored championship events. These wins included the tough Scott and British Experts trials, which he won twice. In 1956 he won the ACU star and was runner up or third place in several other competitions. Johnny competed in the International Six Days Trials for fifteen consecutive years, winning 13 gold medals. He was a member of the last British team to win the event in Czechoslovakia in 1953.
He also followed his father Vic's success at the British Experts Trial, winning after completing two 30 mile laps of the course in Stroud, Gloucestershire in blizzard conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20680494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680494" title="Chiranellur">
Chiranellur


</doc>
<doc id="20680498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680498" title="Chittanda">
Chittanda

References.
http://www.chittanda.com

</doc>
<doc id="20680500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680500" title="Chittilappilly">
Chittilappilly


</doc>
<doc id="20680523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680523" title="Don Goat">
Don Goat

The Don goat breed from the Don River of the Lower Volga territory in Russia is used for the production of wool, goatskin, and milk. It produces the highest average wool per individual goat sheared of any goat breed and produces milk with a relatively high fat content.

</doc>
<doc id="20680526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680526" title="Marcela Hussey">
Marcela Hussey

Marcela Inés Hussey (born April 24, 1967) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680550" title="Emperor Jones">
Emperor Jones

Emperor Jones is a small Austin, Texas based independent record label founded in 1995 by Craig Stewart. It has released albums by acts such as Alastair Galbraith, The American Analog Set, Roky Erickson, Thuja, ST37, The Mountain Goats, Stick Men with Ray Guns, Peter Jefferies, Pip Proud, Rusted Shut, Black Mayonnaise, Rahdunes, Shawn David McMillen, Grey Daturas, and Lord Fyre.

</doc>
