<doc id="20796228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796228" title="History of Formula One regulations">
History of Formula One regulations

The regulations governing Formula One racing have changed many times throughout the history of the sport.
Formula One's rules and regulations are set by the sport's governing body, the FIA. The primary reasons behind rule changes have traditionally been to do with safety. As each decade has passed the FIA have made more and more changes in the regulations so that better facilities and equipment are available in the event of an accident at race meetings. These rule changes have also been aimed at eliminating dangerous practices from the sport in an effort to make it safer.
Many innovations and technological improvements have been banned over the years as a result of FIA regulation changes. The governing body have taken these actions to slow the cars down to a level where a Grand Prix car can be driven relatively safely. Without this pruning of the sport's technological advancement cars today could be capable of cornering speeds in excess of 300 km/h. The result of an accident at this speed whilst negotiating a bend in the track would almost certainly be the death of the driver.
Since 2000, the FIA has been issuing an increasing number of rule changes to limit the cost of the sport. The cost of running a team in the sport has increased dramatically in recent years and this situation has not proved sustainable. From 2009 onwards, Formula One has committed itself to dramatic reductions in expenditure.
1950s: No thought given to safety.
Although Formula One races had been taking place since 1948, it was not until 1950 that the World Championship was established. Safety was almost a non issue in the first 10 years of racing and technological progress was extremely slow compared to modern standards. All of the circuits that Formula One raced on in the 1950s had no safety features; the general mentality was that death was an acceptable risk for winning races, and as a result very few regulations were changed during this period.
1960s: Safety as an afterthought.
The swinging sixties began the way the previous decade had ended for Formula One's rule book with relatively few changes made. However with the advent of a new breed of innovative and forward thinking designers like Colin Chapman and the beginnings of drivers lobbying for safer racing conditions, the number of rule changes made began to accelerate as the decade came to a close.
1970s: The beginnings of modern Formula One.
The speed of Formula One cars had increased dramatically since 1950 but the standard of safety at race meetings had not followed suit. Deaths were still a commonality, and there were many factors at play to blame. Many of the drivers felt that the danger level involved in the sport was unnecessarily high despite the changes in the rules that had been implemented by the end of the 1960s. The drivers crusade for improved safety was led in the 1970s by Jackie Stewart. After the needless and avoidable death of Ronnie Peterson at the Italian Grand Prix in 1978 the sport finally made the wholesale changes needed to bring it up towards the modern standards of safety the sport enjoys today. The 1970s was the last decade that Formula One raced at truly long circuits (i.e. with lap times close to or over 3 minutes); and going into the decade, Formula One still raced at the 5-mile Charade circuit, the 8.7 mile Spa-Francorchamps circuit and the 14.2 mile Nürburgring Nordschleife. Although all of the aforementioned circuits were improved with safety features, by 1977 Charade, Spa and the Nürburgring were all no longer on the calendar all for the same general reason- safety concerns. Safer circuits such as Paul Ricard, Zolder and Hockenheimring were built with safety features installed; and at the end of the decade Formula One had become a safer sport, but it was still dangerous. Ground effect, a technology that was able to create huge amounts of downforce with inverted aerofoils mounted on the sides of the car, was discovered and developed by Colin Chapman and his Lotus team in the mid 70s, and the technology was perfected with the dominant Type 79. All the other teams followed suit, and the performance of the cars skyrocketed over a period of 2 years. 
1980s: Formula One becomes a business, taming the turbos and other technologies.
With the raft of safety improvements as a result of Peterson's fatal crash being implemented during the late 70s and early 80s Formula One overall became much safer despite the deaths of Patrick Depailler in 1980 and Gilles Villeneuve & Riccardo Paletti in 1982. The huge amounts of downforce created by ground effect became increasingly dangerous as years went on, and aside from the fatal accidents mentioned above, a number of drivers crashed heavily enough for their careers to be brought to an end, and the technology was banned outright at the start of the 1983 season. These safety changes coupled with the much stronger carbon fibre replacing aluminium as the material of choice for chassis construction meant there was not a single driver fatality at a race meeting for the rest of the decade. However one factor threatening to undo all this progress was the almost exponential power increases being extracted from turbocharged engines. Renault proved in 1980 that turbocharging was the way to go to success, with their very dominant performances in qualifying in almost every race, especially on fast and high-altitude circuits, where the thinner air did not affect the turbocharged engines. With power output doubling in less than 10 years and figures in excess of talked about by engine manufacturers, from 1986 onwards the FIA's primary goal was to rein in the turbo engines before finally banning them altogether at the end of the 1988 season. Brabham team owner Bernie Ecclestone and ex-March team owner Max Mosley set new organizational standards for Formula One, something they had been working on since 1972. All the races are now more organized by Formula One Management instead of circuit organizers doing their own things; such as setting specific times for when races, practice sessions and qualifying sessions are to start, and teams must commit to all of however many races are in a season, in order to ensure sponsors that their advertising will be seen by television cameras, which was also an enterprise set up by Ecclestone and Mosley. This effectively transformed the sport into the multi-billion dollar business it is today.
1990s: Complacency proves costly.
Despite several near misses (particularly during the turbo era) Formula One had managed to go almost 12 whole years without a single fatality at a race meeting. The strength of the carbon fibre chassis being used and the fortunate escapes of many drivers involved in high speed accidents during this period made many people inside the sport believe that death was a thing of the past in Formula One. This attitude was made to look foolish when the FIA hastily banned virtually all of the performance enhancing electronic technology that the teams had become dependent on for the start of the 1994 season. This made many of that year's cars nervy and edgy to drive. With more horsepower than 1993 but with less in car stability some observers at the time (most notably Ayrton Senna) stated that they believed 1994 would "be a season with lots of accidents".
Near fatal accidents to JJ Lehto (pre season), Jean Alesi (in season testing) and Rubens Barrichello (Friday practice at San Marino) were to both prove Senna right and be just a precursor to the deaths on successive days of Roland Ratzenberger and the triple World Champion Brazilian himself at the San Marino Grand Prix. The sweeping changes that the FIA implemented post Imola proved to be almost as rash as the ones at the end of 1993 and nearly claimed the life of Pedro Lamy in a testing accident. The cause of the accident was put down as rear wing failure as a result of the FIA rushing through new rules including one reducing the size of the rear diffuser which reduced the number of anchoring points the attached rear wing assembly could use.
To its credit the FIA learned from the mistakes of 1994 and much more consideration and forward thinking was put into changes made to the rules from there onwards. By the close of the decade a measure of the impact on the sport that the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix had had was that for the first time in its history, safety had become Formula One's number one concern.
2000 to 2010: Excess gives way to sustainability.
By the end of the 1990s safety standards had risen dramatically for the second time in 20 years. The deaths of marshals in both 2000 and 2001 after being struck by tyres after accidents at the Italian and Australian Grand Prix respectively showed that the sport will never be completely safe. However on the whole the sport was in much better shape safety wise than it had been before. Save for the introduction of HANS (head and neck safety) system in 2003 there have been no major safety improvements in the sport since the turn of the millennium.
Most of the changes that the FIA have implemented to the regulations in the nine seasons since the year 2000 have been aimed at trimming speed off the cars and, later in the decade, at reducing the costs involved in Formula One. These have risen by a factor of between three and four for the top teams like Ferrari and McLaren. This sudden increase in budgets has largely been down to the influx of big spending car manufacturers setting up teams in the sport since Mercedes paved the way by buying 40% of the Mclaren team.
As of 2008, with the global credit crunch threatening to turn into a full blown global recession, many of the car manufacturers (whose sales have been hit hard by the economic crisis) can no longer afford the huge amounts of money they are investing in the sport. The gravity of the situation was realised when Honda suddenly withdrew its participation at the end of the 2008 season, later confirming to have sold the team, specifically blaming the world economic crisis. With the possibility of other manufacturers being faced with a similar decision to make, they along with the FIA agreed changes to the rules over the next two seasons (at least) to bring about dramatic cost savings in an effort to save the sport from collapsing under the weight of its own costs.
2011 and beyond: "Improving the show".
Previous regulation changes at the tail end of the first decade of the new millennium aimed at improving the show had largely proven to be a failure. With cost escalation now largely under control thanks to recently implemented budget caps and safety standards at an all time high, the sport's focus for the new decade is around continuing to improve the race spectacle. Alongside this however is the medium term objective of making the sport more environmentally aware, both in an effort to secure its future in times of dwindling fossil fuel reserves, but also to bring in new sponsors put off by the sport's image of conspicuous consumption.

</doc>
<doc id="20796232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796232" title="Mensa Christi Church">
Mensa Christi Church

Mensa Christi is a Roman Catholic church located in Nazareth, in northern Israel.
History.
The three decades Jesus spent in Nazareth are commonly called the “"silent years".” Over the centuries, Christians have sought sites in Nazareth to commemorate events from Jesus’ life. Mensa Christi, Latin for ""Table of Christ"" contains a slab of chalk that, according to tradition, was the rock on which Jesus dined with the disciples after his resurrection. The Franciscans initially built a chapel at this site in the latter half of the 18th century. The current church, a renovation of the earlier chapel, was completed in 1861. The Israeli government, in a joint project with the local municipality, recently completed an $80 million renovation and restoration of the old city of Nazareth as part of the Millennium celebrations of the year 2000. A part of this project was the restoration of the church’s frescoes and dome.
Location.
The church is located within a dense neighborhood, above the church district, in the old city of Nazareth. It is north of the Sisters of Saint Charles Borromeo Convent, and near the Maronite Church of the Annunciation and Ecumenical Christian Child Care Center. It can be accessed only by foot down a steep road from the Carmelite convent, or above the Synagogue church. This type of walkway is typical of small alleys in Nazareth and other Arab villages in Israel. The church is locked most of the time, but can be visited upon request.
Related Names.
The Latin name Mensa Christi is also associated with the Church of the Primacy of St. Peter in Tabgha, on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee. This church commemorates the site where Jesus reinstated Peter as chief apostle after his resurrection...

</doc>
<doc id="20796238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796238" title="Diamond graph">
Diamond graph

In the mathematical field of graph theory, the diamond graph is a planar undirected graph with 4 vertices and 5 edges. It consists of a complete graph formula_1 minus one edge.
The diamond graph has radius 1, diameter 2, girth 3, chromatic number 3 and chromatic index 3. It is also a 2-vertex-connected and a 2-edge-connected graceful Hamiltonian graph.
Diamond-free graphs and forbidden minor.
A graph is diamond-free if it has no diamond as an induced subgraph. The triangle-free graphs are diamond-free graphs, since every diamond contains a triangle.
The family of graphs in which each connected component is a cactus graph is downwardly closed under graph minor operations. This graph family may be characterized by a single forbidden minor. This minor is the diamond graph.
If both the butterfly graph and the diamond graph are forbidden minors, the family of graphs obtained is the family of pseudoforests.
Algebraic properties.
The full automorphism group of the diamond graph is a group of order 4 isomorphic to the Klein four-group, the direct product of the cyclic group Z/2Z with itself.
The characteristic polynomial of the diamond graph is formula_2. It is the only graph with this characteristic polynomial, making it a graph determined by its spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="20796245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796245" title="Ravenhead">
Ravenhead

Ravenhead is an area of St Helens in the North West of England. It is bordered by Thatto Heath, Sutton Heath, Eccleston and the Town Centre. The area is thought to take its name from a farm once located nearby (Ravenhead Farm), while the 'head' portion of the name represents its location at one of the higher points of the town. In this respect, Ravenhead joins other local placenames such as Burtonhead, Micklehead and Eltonhead.
Local Facilities.
Shops in the main residential area of Ravenhead are limited to a newsagent, computer repair store and a Spar local store. There is also a laundry and a 'Fives Football Centre', opened by BBC television pundit and former England footballer Alan Shearer.
The St. Johns Centre operates out of St. Johns parish church and runs various community activities. Alexandra Court is a residential housing care home, run by Arena Options Ltd for the over 65s.
Ravenhead Retail Park.
The Ravenhead Retail Park, to the north of Ravenhead near the Town Centre, is an out of town shopping area featuring a number of high-street outlets. Amongst these are B&Q and Currys, both of which at the time of building were the largest of the chain's stores in the country. Since the initial build, the retail park has been extended and now includes stores such as Bath Store, Pets At Home and Boots Pharmacy. It is rated amongst the top 20 retail parks in the country.
The presence of the retail park means Ravenhead boasts popular food outlets such as Burger King, Frankie and Bennys, Subway and a nearby McDonalds.
Religion & The Ecclesiastical Parish.
The Ecclesiastical Parish of Ravenhead is a Church of England parish, formed on 19 August 1870 by Order of Council. Though there have been some subsequent boundary changes to the parish, it still encompasses some of the neighbouring areas of Thatto Heath, Sutton Heath and Nutgrove.
Ravenhead is served by the Church of England parish church of St. John the Evangelist. St. Johns has a smaller, sister church, Emmanuel in neighbouring Thatto Heath. The church is also the home to St. John's Centre - a community outreach project which hosts youth activities, community lunches and various other organised events.
The church is part of the Eccleston Team, which partners St. Johns & Emmanuel with St. Matthew, Thatto Heath; St. Luke, Eccleston; St. James, Eccleston and Christ Church, Eccleston. This means the benefice that the churches fall within are significantly wider than the parish boundary.
There is an Independent Methodist presence in Ravenhead, run out of West Street Independent Methodist Church.
Industry.
Ravenhead played a significant part in the development of St Helens' glass industry, as the base for Pilkington's Head Office. and the Ravenhead Glass factory. Ravenhead Glass has since closed down, indicative of the decline in the glass industry in the town. Pilkington's Head Office remains, but the company is now owned by Asahi Glass and areas of the building are used by various companies, including Helena Housing.
Pilkington's Head Office was formerly the home of Pilkington's Glass Museum, however it has now closed and been incorporated into The World Of Glass museum in the Town Centre.
Formerly Ravenhead was home to Ravenhead Coal Mine. It along with numerous small pits were served by private rail lines running off from the main branch line of the Liverpool line, feeding down to the canal and direct to the city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20796249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796249" title="Copargo">
Copargo


</doc>
<doc id="20796253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796253" title="Christmas at Water's Edge">
Christmas at Water's Edge

"Christmas at Water's Edge" is a contemporary variation of the Christmas Carol, directed by Lee Davis, which stars Keshia Knight Pulliam, Tom Bosley and Pooch Hall. It was shown in theaters in 2004 and released on DVD in 2007. 
The film is about a wealthy collegian (Keshia Knight Pulliam) and an angel-in-training (Pooch Hall) who work together to organize a holiday concert for a youth center. 
Plot.
An angel from above walks into Layla Turner’s (Knight-Pulliam) life and shows her the true meaning of the holiday season. The angel’s mission is to transform Layla’s materialistic views about the occasion. The angel opened Layla’s eyes, showing that there is more to Christmas than things money can buy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20796257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796257" title="Healthtex">
Healthtex

Healthtex (until 1995 as Health-tex) is a brand of casual clothing for young children ranging from birth to about 12 years of age currently owned by Lollytogs. It was founded in 1921 by Louis Russek as the Standard Romper Company. The name "Health-Tex" was first used in 1937 to emphasise that the clothing was made from "healthy" (durable) textiles. 
For many years, the brand was known for their award-winning advertisements featuring artwork by children's book artist, Susan Perl, the most notable was "The Handy Answers to Hard Questions Asked by Children in the Health-tex Years," which started in 1966. The campaign featured colorful print ads which provided concise answers to some of the questions commonly asked by pre-school age children such as "Why is the sky blue?" and "How do our ears hear?". This campaign helped make the company well-known and ran until the early 1980s. Following this campaign, Dr. Cody Sweet, international platform speaker on nonverbal communication, became its national media spokesperson.

</doc>
<doc id="20796262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796262" title="193 Squadron (Israel)">
193 Squadron (Israel)

The 193 Squadron of the Israeli Air Force (IAF), also known as the Maritime Helicopters Squadron, is an AS565 Panther helicopter squadron based at either Ramat David Airbase or Palmachim Airbase.

</doc>
<doc id="20796263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796263" title="Ouaké">
Ouaké


</doc>
<doc id="20796267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796267" title="The Taill of how this forsaid Tod maid his Confessioun to Freir Wolf Waitskaith">
The Taill of how this forsaid Tod maid his Confessioun to Freir Wolf Waitskaith

The Taill of how this forsaid Tod maid his Confessioun to Freir Wolf Waitskaith (or The Confessioun of the Tod) is the "fourth fabill" in Henryson's "Morall Fabillis." Its protagonists are a Fox and a Wolf. It is also the second in a linked "mini-cycle" of three "taillis" in that poem which follows the fate of a family line of foxes. 
The principal action of the fabill revolves around rites of confession, penance and the remission of sins. These were all standard practice in the Scotland of Henryson's time.
Fabill.
The story picks up where the previous fable left off, as the Cock returns safe and happy to his family (it's still unknown what his wives think about it, though it's hinted that they are relieved he survived at all), but the fox, Lawrence, was starving as he waits until nightfall before his next hunt. When it gets dark, Lawrence, though he never been to college, had been gifted with knowledge enough to foresee his own future and that of his descendants by astrology, and after seeing the bad omens that align the planets with unfitting constellations, Lawrence comes to realize that unless he or one of his descendants could repent and amend himself or wrongdoings, he and his family (as the fate of all foxes, but worse to compare) will be shamed forever with the "cursed life of a thief", which is said to be so horrible that it orphans each new generation as the last one is sentenced to death for a crime he didn't commit. Thinking himself a lost cause, Lawrence the fox, in the light of dawn, sees Friar Wolf Waitskaith and assumes that admitting sin in the presence of this assumingly holy man would help free himself. The friar Wolf is pleased as the fox admits to lying, stealing, adultery, and even exaggerates by mentioning murder (few as his successful hunting-and-killings may be). After that, Lawrence the fox, believing himself cleansed of his wrongs, fears doing so again, as he is from a povertous family, and is too proud to work or beg for his meals, but upon Friar Wolf suggesting he fast and eat nothing with flesh until Easter, Lawrence resorts to begging to be an exception to the custom. The friar granted it, but suggested that it would be only fish from the stream at least once or twice a week. Lawrence takes the advice gracefully, but then finds the new practice difficult as he has no net, pole, or boat to fish with properly, and so has to keep swiping at the water and missing his catch. Upon one of these unsuccessful fishing trips, the fox sees a fat lamb had strayed from the flock, and driven by hunger, he cannot resist pouncing on it. While the lamb survived the incident, the shepherd caught Lawrence the fox in the act of attempting to kill it, and although he said that he was "only kidding" and pleads he'd never do it again, the fox meets his end by a single, unmerciful blow from the shepherd. (the next story is the official beginning of Reynard's tale, as he faces trial for his father's sins.)

</doc>
<doc id="20796268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796268" title="Procopio">
Procopio

Procopio (c. 1841- ?), also known as Red-Handed Dick and Red Dick was one of the best-known bandits in California history. His nickname was reportedly given due either to his red hair, or his violent nature and bloodthirstiness. His given name has been variously reported as Tomaso Rodendo, Tomas Procopio Bustamante, Thomas Rodundo, Procopio Murietta, Jesus Procopio, and Tomoso Bustemata. In 1872, the "San Francisco Chronicle" called him "one of the most fearless and daring desperadoes that has ever figured in the criminal annals of our state." He was twice convicted of cattle theft and twice served time in San Quentin prison, but was never convicted of any of the murders he was alleged to have committed. Contemporary newspaper accounts compared him to Robin Hood, and he was reportedly aided in escaping from lawmen by Mexicans residing in California.
Youth.
Procopio was born in Mexico, either in Sonora, or near Jose de Guadalupe. His parents were of mestizo origin, and were reportedly "of roving habits." His father was a vaquero (Sp. Cowboy), and Procopio was taught the same business at an early age. His mother was the older sister of the most notorious bandit in California history, Joaquin Murrieta. According to some accounts, Procopio's father was killed by Indians in 1852, and Joaquin Murrieta brought Procopio and his mother to California. Another account indicates that Procopio moved with both parents to Los Angeles County in early 1853. Joaquin Murrieta died in approximately 1853, when Procopio was approximately 12 years old. Joaquin was killed by a group of rangers who placed his head in a brandy jar and displayed it at locations around California for spectators to view for a $1 fee. Joaquin Murrieta became a legendary figure, and in 1854 a fictionalized book was published on his life. The book claimed that Murrieta had been driven to a life of crime after his wife was raped and killed by Yanquis, his brother was hanged, and he was horsewhipped for a crime he did not commit. This account inspired corridos depicting Murrieta as a fierce avenger of injustices against Mexicans. 
It was said that the young Procopio witnessed his uncle's death and became so obsessed with his uncle that he took to using his name. As a youth, Procopio reportedly gained a reputation as "a fearless rider and a reckless youth."
Early years: the Raines and Golding murders.
Procopio's first reported involvement in banditry came in November 17, 1862 when he was suspected in the murder of a Southern California rancher John Raines (or Rains), on the Rancho Cucamonga. Though the "San Francisco Chronicle" later reported that Procopio murdered Raines, and he was initially detained in the case, Procopio was released due to the lack of evidence against him. John Boessenecker, writes that Procopio fled north and that another confederate Manuel Cerada was caught and fingered Procopio as one of the killers. Cerrada claimed he, Precopio and four others were paid $500 by Ramon Carrillo, another ranchero to kill Rains. Cerrada was soon lynched and Ramon Carrillo, examined in court was released, no envidence having been found against him.
Shortly after the Raines incident, Procopio appeared in Alameda County. Procopio joined, and soon assumed control of, a gang of bandits headquartered in the Livermore Valley. In 1863, the gang was reportedly engaged in nocturnal raids on farms and ranches in the area. Procopio's gang was suspected in the brutal murder of rancher Aaron Golding (or Golden), his wife, and two children, at Corral Hollow on January 29, 1863. The house was burned to the ground, and a vaquero employed by the family was found dead, hanging from a tree on the premises. 
The Golding murders drew widespread attention, and suspicion immediately turned to Procopio, Narcisso Bojorques, Chano Ortega, and another bandit known to be operating in the area. A Mexican cattle-herder claimed to have witnessed the murders and identified Procopio as the guilty party. Authorities did not believe that the man was not involved, and the only eyewitness was hung for the crime. Procopio and two other members of his gang were arrested in the Golding murders but were freed due to a lack of evidence against them (the only eyewitness having already been hung for the crime). Other accounts have attributed the Golding murders to a gang led by Narciso Bojorques and stated that Procopio was a member of the Bojorques gang at the time.
Capture and imprisonment in 1863.
Procopio was arrested in 1863 for stealing a lot of cattle from a farmer named Pope at a ranch on the Arroyo Vaya. Constable O.B. Wood from San Leandro tracked Procopio to Alvarado, where Procopio sold Pope's cattle to a local butcher, August Maye. Constable Wood drew his gun on Procopio as he was in the act of receiving money from the butcher, but holstered his weapon when Procopio claimed to be unarmed. Procopio drew a pistol and shot Wood in the arm. A crowd of armed citizens pursued Procopio, cornering him at a bridge outside of the town. Procopio took his pistol between his teeth, dove into the river and swam 50 or 60 feet to the other side. The crowd chased him into a salt marsh where a gunfight ensued. Procopio surrendered after his ammunition was used, and he was tried and convicted in San Leandro of stealing Pope's cattle. At his trial, Procopio accepted took the entire blame for the theft, thereby exonerating his accomplice Narciso Bojorques. He was convicted and sentenced to nine years in the state prison at San Quentin.
Further crimes: 1871-1872.
Procopio was released from San Quentin in March 1871, and according to an August 1871 account in the "Alameda Gazette" "returned to his old practices as a dog to vomit." He returned to the Livermore Valley after his release from San Quentin, where he was suspected in May 1871 of stealing two cows belonging to John Arnett. Procopio was believed to be staying with Juan Camargo, a "fence" or receiver of stolen goods residing in Livermore. One of the head of cattle stolen from Arnett was found in Camargo's yard, and Camargo was arrested and taken to Pleasanton. An armed and masked mob of 50 men seized Camargo from the jail, took him into the woods three miles from Pleasanton, placed a rope around his neck, and lifted him by it until he confessed, charging the robbery upon Procopio and another man. 
After hearing of the Camargo affair, Procopio reportedly moved south to Monterey County. There, Procopio met and teamed up with the notorious Tiburcio Vasquez. Procopio and Vasquez robbed a Visalia stagecoach near Soap Lake in July 1871. The passengers aboard the coach, four men and a woman, were tied up and robbed of two gold watches and $500 in gold coin. The pair also robbed a Mr. Moore, a delegate to the Santa Clara Democratic Convention, who was riding in a buggy, of $50 in gold coin. They also robbed the Salinas stagecoach station near Salinas Plains. A press report in 1871 noted that Procopio and his gang were "splendidly mounted and equipped, wear good clothes and sport gold watches." During 1871, Procopio was reported to have "made himself generally obnoxious" to residents in Monterey County.
Following a series of stagecoach robberies together, Procopio and Vasquez reportedly fled south for a "debauched stay" in rural Mexico "to spend their new wealth." In early 1872, Vasquez and Procopio are reported to have then taken a steamer to San Francisco.
Arrest in San Francisco.
By early 1872, Tiburcio Vasquez reportedly took to the hills, but Procopio remained in San Francisco, as he "had a girl in the city." Other accounts report that Procopio was enjoying "the pleasure of fast women in the brothels of (San Francisco's) Morton Street." Procopio was seen in the city, and Sheriff Harry N. Morse of Alameda County began to track him there. A tip led them to a house (described elsewhere as a brothel or dance hall) on St. Mark's place where Morse and three others kept watch. On February 10, 1872, Morse entered through the back door and the other three deputies entered through the front door. As the officers entered, the "San Francisco Chronicle" reported that "the desperado sprang from his seat and was about to draw his revolver, when Morse rushed up behind, seized him by the throat, with one hand, while he leveled a revolver at his head with the other, and casually remarked: 'Put up your hands, Procopio -- you're my man.'" Procopio was taken by the Oakland boat to the San Leandro jail. At the time of his arrest, the "San Francisco Chronicle" ran a lengthy article about Procopio's arrest and career, beginning as follows:"Tomaso Rodendo, alias Procopio, although a young man, is one of the most fearless and daring desperadoes that has ever figured in the criminal annals of our state."
The case drew attention even on the East Coast where "The New York Times" reported:"Tomas Rodundo, alias Procopio, who is charged with many murders, and stage robberies, and other crimes, was captured today at his hiding place in San Francisco. He has been the terror of Southern California for years. He was surprised today, and had not time to draw his pistols, or, it is said, he would never have been taken alive." 
Procopio was initially arrested for complicity in the murder of a Frenchmen at Pleasanton, a crime for which his colleague, Bartolo Sepulveda, was given a life sentence. However, Sheriff Morse could not find sufficient evidence of Procopio's role in the murder, and Procopio was instead indicted, tried and convicted of cattle theft and sentenced to another seven years in San Quentin.
Later years: 1877-1878.
Procopio was paroled in June 1877 and returned to banditry, leading a gang in raids near Fresno, Grangeville and Caliente. In Caliente, Procopio and his gang reportedly made a "forced levy" on the town's stores and people in the style of Tiburcio Vasquez. Procopio and his gang were captured near the Tejon Pass, and five members of his gang were lynched in Bakersfield. However, Procopio escaped, formed a new gang and was alleged to have robbed a store in Hanford, California of $300 in jewelry. 
He also robbed the Brownstone & Swartz store at Grangeville in 1878. He put his knife to the stomach of the store manager, Henry Jerusalem, and reportedly said, "You, do not know me - no? I am Procopio -- the Red-Handed Dick. You will open the safe for me, amigo." Procopio tied up Jerusalem and another worker, Emil Seligman, leaving them to lie on the store's floor overnight with their small dog for company. Loaded with clothing and supplies, Procopio fled on horseback for Arroyo Poso de Chane, several miles east of the present Coalinga. Procopio's horse drowned as he attempted to cross a slough near Summit Lake. Traveling by foot, he encountered the posse sent to capture him at the sheep camp of Frank Woods and Theodore Draper. According to a first-person account by posse member Joel Whiteside, posse members encountered Procopio carrying a saddle on a trail, and Procopio asked in Spanish if they knew the way to Libertad, a nearby Mexican settlement. One of the posse members attempted to question him, but Procopio reportedly fled into the fog. The next day, the posse received a tip that Procopio was staying at a cabin owned by the Higuera brothers. According Whiteside, they found Procopio asleep in the cabin and took him into custody. Procopio asked permission to dress himself and, when he put on his coat, drew two pistols from his breast pocket and opened fire. In the ensuing firefight, posse member Sol Gladden, who was to have been married the following week, was shot twice (once in the mouth) and killed as he entered the cabin. According to one press report: "Procopio made good his escape after the possemen had emptied their weapons vainly trying to shoot him in the smoke-filled cabin."
Following the death of Sol Gladden, the pursuit of Procopio intensified. The "San Jose Mercury" reported on the chase as follows:"Procopio is regarded as even a more dangerous man than (his intimate associate and dead confederate Tiburcio) Vasquez. He possesses a greater physical strength, is more blood-thirsty and revengeful, and is fully as cunning. After his release from San Quentin he went to Livermore and one night in affray at the Mexican settlement, known as Mexico, he shot a man, but for some reason was not prosecuted. Then he came to Mayfield, and a few days afterward shot a Californian in the leg in a difficulty about a woman." Press accounts of the time indicate that Procopio was aided in his escape as the posse was "several times misled and deceived by Mexicans along the route." Deputy Sheriff W.J. Ellis reported overtaking Procopio on his escape. Procopio asked Ellis in Spanish why Ellis was following him, and Ellis responded by telling Procopio to put up his hands. A gunfight ensued in which Procopio shot one of Ellis' fingers. Procopio escaped through a thicket, though a Mexican national told Ellis the following day that Procopio had been slightly wounded by a shotgun blast.
Uncertainty regarding death.
There are numerous and contradictory accounts of Procopio's exploits after his escape in 1878. Some indicate he was still working as an active bandit as late as 1882. There were press accounts of his having been arrested near Tucson, Arizona in 1883. One historical account reports that, in 1882, Procopio shot and killed an actor in a Mexican brothel, was arrested and executed by a firing squad. Another account states that he returned to Mexico and served in the army there. Yet another says that, after fleeing California in 1878, Procopio wandered among Mexican settlements, "making himself heartily disliked for his quarrelsomeness and his boastfulness of what he had done as a bad man to the hated gringo." According to that rendition, when he boasted of his exploits in one rural cantina, a group of rurales was dispatched from the barracks, and a dozen of them opened fire on Procopio at close range, later reporting that "Redhanded Dick fell across the threshold riddled like the traditional sieve." Others say he died in Sonora, Mexico in 1882. Some accounts even indicate that he died in the early 1890s.
Folklore of Procopio.
As years passed, the stories of Procopio's exploits grew. In 1925, the "Los Angeles Times" published a lengthy profile titled: "Killing Was Pastime for 'Red-Handed Dick,' One of California's Most Fearsome Bandits." The 1925 profile described Procopio as one of the most blood-thirsty of California's 19th Century bandits:"Procopio got his title of Red-handed from his absolute wantonness and cruelty. He is said to have been the nearest rival of Three-fingered Jack ... in the joy of killing. His partners, of course, had few compunctions. But they killed in the way of business or to facilitate their escape. The situation never was so desperate and pursuit never so near but what Procopio had time to slash or stab with his knife, or to drop some inoffensive person with his pistol. One of his favorite pastimes was to ride gravely and innocently past when he met a stranger on the trail, and then to bury his huge knife to the hilt between the unsuspecting victim's shoulders. He seemed to love the feel and the color of warm blood, and so he used the knife whenever possible."
Though the accounts of the day portray Procopio as a killer, the language of the 1925 profile reflects the apparent embellishment of the legend. It has been reported that, as Procopio's legend grew, men would turn pale at the mention of his name, and mothers would frighten their children with it.

</doc>
<doc id="20796277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796277" title="Urban construction">
Urban construction

Urban construction may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20796281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796281" title="Karen Smith">
Karen Smith

Karen Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20796283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796283" title="Casper Wollenhaupt">
Casper Wollenhaupt

Casper Wollenhaupt (1755 – 13 July 1809) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg township in the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia from 1783 to 1793 and from 1799 to 1806.
He was baptized in March 1755 at Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the son of Conrad Wollenhaupt, of German origin, and Gertrude Wolff. In 1778, he married Ann Mary Jacobs. Wollenhaupt served as a lieutenant in the Halifax militia. He died in Lunenburg at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="20796287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796287" title="Djakotomey">
Djakotomey


</doc>
<doc id="20796288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796288" title="Chris Stout">
Chris Stout

Chris Stout (born 1976) is a fiddle/violin player from Shetland, now based in Glasgow. Stout grew up in Fair Isle, a small Shetland island, and lived there until 8 years of age before moving to Sandwick on the Shetland mainland, then on to Glasgow in the 1990s.
Stout has studied under prominent Shetland fiddlers including Willie Hunter and Arthur Scott Robertson and is adept at a variety of violin styles, drawing on a range of influences from folk, jazz, electronica and classical. 
In 1990 he won both the Shetland "Young Fiddler of the Year" competition for his skills as a traditional fiddle player and the Shetland "Young Musician of the Year" competition for his classical violin abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20796306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796306" title="List of Liberty Bowl broadcasters">
List of Liberty Bowl broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="20796309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796309" title="Klouékanmè">
Klouékanmè


</doc>
<doc id="20796319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796319" title="Lalo, Benin">
Lalo, Benin


</doc>
<doc id="20796368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796368" title="High School for Girls">
High School for Girls

The High School for Girls is a grammar school with academy status on Denmark Road, Gloucester. It is one of only three girls' grammar schools in Gloucestershire, and consistently ranks in league tables as one of the best schools in England, and one of the Top 50 Selective Schools in the UK.
Admission.
As a grammar school, the school has a selective admissions procedure. Girls must achieve an exceptionally high mark in the 11+ exam for admission to the Lower School, or be expected to do well at GCSE to be admitted to the Sixth Form. Boys and girls from other schools may attend in the Sixth Form, after an interview process and proof of academic prowess after GCSE result publication.
Students attend from all around the county, Cheltenham, Gloucester, Stroud, Tewkesbury, Cirencester and the Forest of Dean being the most prominent areas.
Exam results.
The school consistently achieves among the best GCSE and A-level results in the country, with 99.2% of girls passing 5 A*-C grades at GCSE in 2010, 70.3% of all grades being A*/A. At A-level, the pass rate was 99.5% with 73.1% of all grades being A/B, and the average points score per candidate was 435.3 using the UCAS tariff. Ninety-eight percent of pupils continue to university, with a substantial proportion attending Top 10 Institutions, several each year to Oxford and Cambridge University. Such academic excellence consequently leads to the school being oversubscribed each year.
Houses.
There are five Houses, which girls are sorted into when they join the school. It is possible to indicate a preference for a House if a family member currently attends or has attended the school. These are: Mynd (blue); Barwell (green); Bearland (red); Hartland (yellow) and Kyneburga (white). The Houses compete in various sports throughout the year, such as dance, tennis, athletics and netball. These competitions are usually split into events for upper and lower years. Sports Day normally occurs at some point after the Easter holidays and sees all years competing to hopefully win the trophy.
There are several other events during the year in which Houses compete which are not sports related, notably House Music, a day set aside for the Houses to compete in a music event, involving a choir incorporating the entire House, and House Drama, another day that promotes theatre throughout the school. The difference between these events is that House Music is compulsory for all students in all Houses, but House Drama is not and as with most dramatics auditions are held. House Drama and House Music happen in alternate years.
Links with other schools.
It entertains a strong link with the local boys' grammar, Sir Thomas Rich's School. The two schools provide discos for the younger pupils (Years 7 and 8), and this promotion of communication leads to close friendship between High School girls and 'Tommies' boys. In the Sixth Form, many girls choose to attend the boys' school, and vice versa, as a result of the differing academic strengths of each school.
Notable former pupils.
Hayley Palmer – Swimmer for the New Zealand national team (2003–2007)
School site.
The current site of the school at Denmark Road is not the original; the school relocated to the present location some 26 years after it was first established in Bearland House, closer to the city centre. In January 2009, the school celebrated its 100th anniversary at the site in Denmark Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20796380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796380" title="Operation Golden Fleece">
Operation Golden Fleece

The operation Golden Fleece was the humanitarian operation carried out by Greece in 1993 to evacuate over 1,000 native Greeks from Georgia fleeing the War in Abkhazia.
Greeks in Abkhazia.
After World War II, ethnic Greeks of the Abkhaz ASSR were deported on Joseph Stalin's order in 1949-1950. They were allowed to return in the late 1950s, however their number never reached pre-deportation level.
Most of the Greeks fled Abkhazia (mostly to Greece and Russia) during and after the 1992-1993 war so that their number dropped from 14,664 in 1989 to just 1,486 in 2003.
External links.
Georgian–Abkhazian conflict

</doc>
<doc id="20796387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796387" title="John McMonagle">
John McMonagle

John McMonagle was a judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Windsor township from 1784 to 1799 and Hants County from 1799 to 1806.
In 1773, McMonagle married Frederica Dorothy Wranfield. He was named justice of the peace for Hants County in 1792. In 1801, he was named a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and he became custos rotulorum in 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="20796392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796392" title="Toviklin">
Toviklin


</doc>
<doc id="20796418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796418" title="Bopa">
Bopa


</doc>
<doc id="20796419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796419" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 2008">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2008

The highest-selling albums and mini-albums in Japan are ranked in the Oricon Weekly Chart, published by "Oricon Style" magazine. The data are compiled by Oricon based on each album's weekly physical sales. Thirty-seven albums reached the peak of the chart in 2008.
R&B singer Namie Amuro's "Best Fiction" had the longest chart run of 2008. The album remained at the top of the charts from its issue date of August 11 to September 15. Amuro became the first solo female artist in 28 years to have an album chart number one for six consecutive weeks after , who had an album at number one for seven consecutive weeks in 1980. Pop singer Mariya Takeuchi's greatest hits album "Expressions" stayed atop the charts for three consecutive weeks, making her the first artist over 50 years of age to accomplish this. Other artists who had extended runs on the chart include Kobukuro, Kumi Koda, Exile, Madonna, Superfly, Greeeen, and Mr. Children; each spent two straight weeks on the chart.
Korean pop singer BoA's Japanese album "The Face" debuted at number one, making her the second artist after Ayumi Hamasaki to have six consecutive number-one studio albums since her debut. American pop singer Madonna's "Hard Candy" became the singer's first album in 18 years to debut at number one on the Oricon chart. With the release of their second album, "Game", girl group Perfume became the second technopop group (after Yellow Magic Orchestra) to have a number-one album on the charts.
"B'z The Best "Ultra Pleasure"" was hard rock duo B'z's 22nd number-one album, surpassing Yumi Matsutoya for having the most number-one albums. Their record increased to 23 number-one albums with the release of "B'z The Best "Ultra Treasure"". Rock singer Yui's B-side album "My Short Stories" debuted atop the charts, making her the second female artist after Seiko Matsuda to have a B-side album debut at the top.
The best-selling album overall of 2008 was R&B group Exile's "Exile Love", released in late 2007, which sold over 1,470,000 copies. The second-best-selling album was Amuro's "Best Fiction", which sold more than 1,447,000 copies, followed by pop folk band Kobukuro's "5296", with nearly 1,405,000 albums sold. The fourth- and fifth-best-selling albums were "Exile Catchy Best" and "Heart Station" by Exile and pop singer Hikaru Utada respectively. "Exile Catchy Best" sold over 1,222,000 copies, while "Heart Station" sold a little over 997,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20796420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796420" title="The Year of the Angry Rabbit">
The Year of the Angry Rabbit

The Year of the Angry Rabbit is a science fiction novel by Australian author Russell Braddon, in which giant mutant rabbits run amok in Australia while the Prime Minister uses a new superweapon to dominate the planet.
The pulp narrative was played for laughs, and designed as an indictment of war, nationalism and capitalism. The novel was also notable as being part of a small revival of Australian science fiction in the 1960s. Its comic-horror tone was well received and it was filmed as "Night of the Lepus" - a straight-faced monster movie that dropped the humor of the book.
Characters.
Kevin Sean Aloysius "Ella" Fitzgerald: Prime Minister of Australia, and the novel's protagonist. An archetypal scheming politician.
Major General Sir Alan Jacks: Notoriously incompetent Minister of Defence whose predictions are always wrong, except for one temporary lapse of brilliance when he suggests using Supermyx as a world-dominating weapon.
Sir Alfred Hill G.C.B.: Wealthy landowner, habitual blackmailer, and the story's catalyst. After discovering oil on his property he used his wealth to dominate two boroughs (pocket boroughs), which won Fitzgerald the last election by a two-seat majority. When rabbits begin spawning on his property, Alfred threatens to use the same trick to lose Fitzgerald the next election if he can't find a way to get rid of the rabbits.
Professor Welch: Leader of the team that is tasked to develop Supermyxomatosis, in the hope of annihilating the rabbit plague on Sir Alfred's ranch.
Les Dorfmann: Welch's second-in-command, who becomes a hunted fugitive, and later becomes Fitzgerald's last hope at defeating the deadly rabbits.
Dr Miller: Assistant to professor Golovin, who helps Dorfmann escape the authorities, and later marries him.
Flo Hill, AKA "Ladyill": Wife of Sir Alfred, who Fitzgerald was once infatuated with.
Major Gary Cooper Hill: Son of Ladyill and Sir Alfred. Military man in the Australian army. Unlike the Minister of Defence, Gary is a highly competent and very effective leader.
Summary.
From the hardcover jacket:
"It looks as though Australia will be overrun by rabbits. Millions of them, immune now to the myxomatosis that decimated them in the nineteen hundred fifties and sixties, are teeming over the land. With an election imminent, Prime Minister Kevin Fitzgerald, known to his cronies as Ella, is forced to act. It is obviously an emergency. The rabbits must be wiped out. Scientists assemble; experiments begin.
"The results are shattering. Australia suddenly becomes the most feared nation on earth: America and Russia hurriedly surrender to her their nuclear devices, as do the other powers; Fitzgerald becomes virtual dictator of the rest of the world.
"The Commonwealth Government establishes peace on earth except for limited wars which are fought under strict supervision, according to rules laid down in Canberra. Only two nations are allowed to fight at one time, for example.
"On the crest of this incredible wave of prosperity a tiny news flash is overlooked. It says: RABBIT AS BIG AS ALSATIAN SHOT BY SUNDAY-SCHOOL TEACHER THREE MILES NORTH OF MUDGEE..."
Reception.
Quotes from reviews in the UK press included:

</doc>
<doc id="20796437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796437" title="Eliahu Eilat">
Eliahu Eilat

Eliahu Elath (Hebrew: אליהו אילת), born Epstein (1903–1990) was an Israeli diplomat and Orientalist. He immigrated from Russia to Palestine in 1924, and spent a decade in Beirut as a student and journalist. From 1934 to 1945 he worked in the foreign relations section of the Jewish Agency, which eventually evolved into the government of Israel. That same year he came to the United States as the agency's representative in Washington, D.C., and from 1948 to 1950 he served as the first Israeli ambassador to the United States. Following that appointment he served as the Israeli ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1950 to 1959, and later as the president of Hebrew University from 1962 to 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20796461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796461" title="Grand-Popo">
Grand-Popo

The Finno-African culture centre Villa Karo has been situated in Grand-Popo since 1999.
It grew around the slave trade, but coastal erosion has now destroyed most of the old town. The town is now a centre for voodoo and home to a Finnish – African cultural centre, Villa Karo. The town's main industry is fishing.
The town inspired the name of the French electronic music duo Grand Popo Football Club, as well as the name of the iPad application creator Grand Popo LLC

</doc>
<doc id="20796485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796485" title="Houéyogbé">
Houéyogbé


</doc>
<doc id="20796516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796516" title="Aguégués">
Aguégués


</doc>
<doc id="20796524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796524" title="Redeye gaper">
Redeye gaper

The redeye gaper, "Chaunax stigmaeus", is a sedentary species of anglerfish in the family Chaunacidae. It is native to deep waters in the western North Atlantic from the Georges Bank off New England southward to the Blake Plateau off South Carolina. The species is found on the outer continental shelf and upper continental slope at a depth of 90–730 m and among dense beds of dead coral ("Lophelia pertusa") rubble, their preferred habitat. The original type specimen was caught in a trawl off Atlantic City on March 1, 1946, and donated to the Academy of Natural Sciences by Carroll B. Atkinson. The name "stigmaeus" means "speckled" in Greek.
The redeye gaper has a rounded, slightly compressed body and a very large head. The mouth is large, with a protruding lower jaw and teeth arranged in bands. The skin is soft, loose, and very pliable (especially on the underside), forming folds over much of the head and body. The fish is covered with minute spinules that give it a velvety texture. The lateral line system has prominent open canals. The pectoral fins are small, with 14 fin rays. The first dorsal fin ray is modified into an angling apparatus (the illicium) with a lure (the esca). The esca consists of a cluster of filaments of varying thickness and is black to blue to greenish gray in front, and brilliant white behind. The illicium has two dark rings, though this is faint or absent in a few individuals.
The coloration is olive green above with large irregular blotches surrounded by smaller circular spots, extending into the rays of the dorsal, pectoral, and caudal fins. There is often a kidney- or figure-8-shaped blotch on the nape. These spots appear darker than the background in preserved specimens, but are a lighter greenish-yellow color in life. The underside is rose-colored with large, diffuse lighter patches; the red color extends up the sides of the head forward of the eyes, encompassing the jaws. The fin membranes are also shades of red. The iris is a deep rose red. This species attains a maximum of 30.5 cm total length.
Redeye gapers are sedentary ambush predators that spend most of their time resting on the sea floor on their pectoral and pelvic fins, moving only to capture prey or avoid predators. They attract prey to them using their movable esca. If threatened, they raise themselves up on their pelvic fins and rapidly take in water to increase the size of their bodies. Redeye gapers are known to be able to survive the temperature and pressure changes from being brought to the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="20796527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796527" title="Avrankou">
Avrankou


</doc>
<doc id="20796545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796545" title="John Bell (physician)">
John Bell (physician)

Sir John Irving Bell, FRS, FMedSci (born 1 July 1952) is a Canadian immunologist and geneticist who resides in the UK. From 2006 to 2011, he was President of the Academy of Medical Sciences, and since 2002 has held the Regius Chair of Medicine at Oxford University, UK. He has been Chairman of OSCHR since 2006.
Education and career.
Bell was born in Edmonton, Canada, where his parents worked in haematology and pharmacy. He attended Ridley College in St. Catharines, Canada. He graduated from the University of Alberta in 1975, and then studied medicine on a Rhodes Scholarship at Oxford University. In 1982, he took up a position as Clinical Fellow in Immunology with Hugh McDevitt at Stanford University, California, USA, where he worked on histocompatibility antigens and autoimmune disease.Since 2011 he has been one of two Life Sciences Champions for the UK, reporting to the Prime Minister.
In 1987 Bell returned to Oxford as a Wellcome Trust Senior Clinical Fellow, and joined the Institute of Molecular Medicine, founded by David Weatherall. In 1992 he succeeded Weatherall as the Nuffield Professor of Clinical Medicine and, in 2002, became the Regius Professor of Medicine at Oxford, also after Weatherall. In 1994, Bell was one of the founders of the Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics at Oxford University. He is an emeritus fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford and a student of Christ church College. ref name=OHA_bio />He sat on the Council of the Medical Research Council 1998-2003. 
Directorships, consulting and charity positions.
Bell has been a non-executive director of Roche since 2001. A "BMJ" campaign to make the results of unpublished studies on the anti-influenza drug oseltamivir (Tamiflu) available to researchers led to the journal's editor Fiona Godlee urging Bell "as an internationally respected scientist and clinician and a leader of clinical research in the United Kingdom, to bring your influence to bear on your colleagues on Roche's board." Roche subsequently agreed to a wide policy of data transparency in clinical trials. Matthew Thompson and Carl Heneghan wrote in a letter to the journal "...according to Roche's 2011 financial report, John Bell received 390 000 Swiss Francs (£260 450; €322 450; $420 000) last year for his role on the board of directors. What do Roche and its shareholders expect for this level of involvement and remuneration?" The House of Commons Science and Technology Committee report on the subject broadly supported the release of more clinical trial data but urged caution on public release of individual patient data. 
Bell serves on the Genentech Board in South Sanfrancisco, and formerly served on the scientific advisory board of AstraZeneca (1997–2000). He was the founding director of three biotechnology companies.including Oxagen, Avidex, and Powderject and is also on the Board of Atopix.
His charity positions include chairing the board of trustees of the Oxford Health Alliance and the science committee of the UK Biobank he chairs the Global Health Scientific advisory board of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, he is a Trustee of the Rhodes Trust, he sits on the award jury of the Gairdner Foundation, he is a non executive member of Genomics England, he is a member of Cancer Research UK, He has advised governments and foundations in Singapore, France, Canada, Sweden, Finland, Alberta on Biomedical Research. He is on the Jenner Board, the Gray Institute Board.He is on the advisory Board for the Mc Gill Genomics Institute and the Montreal Neurological Institute and chairs the advisory board for the Oak Foudation and the Robertson Foundation.He attended the 2013 Bilderberg Group conference.
Research.
Bell's research has identified genes involved in susceptibility to diabetes mellitus type 1 and rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis His work has been important in elucidating the interactions on the surface of the T cell involved in immune activation. He has also worked on the biomedical applications of high-throughput genomic technologies, including structural genomics and ENU mutagenesis.He has been directly involved in applying genetics in a clinical settings and helped developed the 100,000 genome project in England.
Awards and honours.
Bell was awarded an honorary D.Sc. by the University of Alberta in 2003. He was President of the Academy of Medical Sciences from 2006-2011. In 2008, he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society, and was knighted for services to medicine in the New Year Honours of that year.He has received honorary degrees from the Universities of York, Warwick, Glasgow, Dundee, Imperial College and University of Toronto (2014). 

</doc>
<doc id="20796551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796551" title="Bonou">
Bonou


</doc>
<doc id="20796552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796552" title="Malcolm C. Bert">
Malcolm C. Bert

Malcolm C. Bert (4 December 1902 – 18 March 1973) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Bert was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20796555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796555" title="Glenmore Sailing Club">
Glenmore Sailing Club

The Glenmore Sailing Club ("GSC") is the home of sailing and racing in Calgary - with a strong focus on its Wednesday Evening Racing Series (May - September) and club-level regattas (Pierce, Midsummer) and regional regattas (Driftwood, Frostbite, and Provincial - in rotation with other Alberta sailing clubs). GSC is a member of the Alberta Sailing Association and the Canadian Yachting Association.
Adding to the sailing and social scene within the club are Family Friday Nights, youth programs and race coaching.
Located within the Calgary city limits on the Glenmore Reservoir in southwest Calgary, the club welcomes sailors of all ages and abilities.
The club's boats may be rented by members, and the Clubhouse is available for rental by the public.
GSC hosts social events throughout the year (Mudflats, Annual Banquet, New Year's Day Potluck, and more).
Membership is open to all.
The Glenmore Sailing School operated by the City of Calgary is the largest sailing school in Canada with annual student number in excess of 3,000. The sailing school is west of the Sailing Club across the roadway down to the launch ramp and docks. Sailboat rental are managed through the sailing school.
A History of the Glenmore Yacht Club "(a work in progress)"
The certificate of incorporation for the Glenmore Yacht Club is dated May 13, 1959. 
The officers for the club are recorded as:
COMMODORE J.M. Pierce
VICE COMMODORES C.O. Nickle & W.E. Allen
REAR COMMODORE E.H. Davis
HON. SECRETARY T.C. Joyce
HON. TREASURER J.G. Hutchinson
FLEET CAPTAIN Cmdr. J.F. McKenzie
STAFF CAPTAIN M.A. Mears
The Glenmore Yacht Club was founded in 1959, the name was changed to its current Glenmore Sailing Club in 1992.
Boats sailed at the Glenmore Sailing Club include

</doc>
<doc id="20796560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796560" title="Joseph Kampé de Fériet">
Joseph Kampé de Fériet

Marie-Joseph Kampé de Fériet (Paris, 14 May 1893 – Villeneuve d'Ascq, 6 April 1982) was professor at Université Lille Nord de France from 1919 to 1969. Besides his works on mathematics and fluid mechanics, he directed the "Institut de mécanique des fluides de Lille" (ONERA Lille) and taught fluid dynamics and information theory at École centrale de Lille from 1930 to 1969.
He devised the Kampé de Fériet functions, which further generalize the generalized hypergeometric functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20796561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796561" title="Dangbo">
Dangbo


</doc>
<doc id="20796574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796574" title="Sèmè-Kpodji">
Sèmè-Kpodji


</doc>
<doc id="20796590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796590" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Portland, Oregon">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Portland, Oregon

The following list attempts to comprehensively present the full set of National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Portland, Oregon, and offers brief descriptive information about each of them. The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) recognizes buildings, structures, objects, sites, and districts of national, state, or local historic significance across the United States. Out of over 80,000 NRHP sites nationwide, Oregon is home to approximately 1,900, and over one-fourth of those are found in Portland. While these sites are heavily concentrated in the Downtown, Northwest District, and Southwest Hills neighborhoods, a significant portion are widely spread across all five of Portland's quadrants.
Only NRHP sites within the municipal boundaries of Portland are shown in this list and its companion lists for the other four quadrants. Some sites beyond city limits will appear in other lists showing "Portland" as a general locality, but are excluded here. Although Portland's legal boundaries extend into Clackamas and Washington counties, all of the city's NRHP sites lie within Multnomah County.

</doc>
<doc id="20796593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796593" title="Ifangni">
Ifangni


</doc>
<doc id="20796600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796600" title="Annals of Tropical Paediatrics">
Annals of Tropical Paediatrics

The Annals of Tropical Paediatrics is a medical journal devoted to paediatrics, including safety issues. It is published by Manley Publishing for the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, and has been published since 1981. 
According to Ulrich's, it is included in BIOSIS, EMBASE, MEDLINE, and Scopus. It is distributed by Ingenta Connect, ProQuest, Cengage and EBSCO. 

</doc>
<doc id="20796607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796607" title="Adja-Ouèrè">
Adja-Ouèrè


</doc>
<doc id="20796626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796626" title="Gene Allen">
Gene Allen

Eugene Allen (born June 17, 1918) is an American art director.
He followed his father, and became a Los Angeles Police officer after he was laid off from his first job as a sketch artist. After serving in the United States Navy during World War II, Allen went to art school to pursue his career. He won an Academy Award in 1965 for Best Art Direction for "My Fair Lady", and was nominated for "A Star Is Born" in 1955 and for "Les Girls" in 1958.
He served as President of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences from 1983 to 1985 and received a Special Achievement Award from the Art Directors Guild in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20796628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796628" title="George Montgomery (basketball)">
George Montgomery (basketball)

George Montgomery (born April 26, 1962) is a retired American basketball player. He played basketball at Illinois, and was a second-round draft selection of the Portland Trail Blazers in the 1985 NBA Draft, though he never played in the NBA. He is the father of Denver Nuggets center JaVale McGee.

</doc>
<doc id="20796648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796648" title="Agbangnizoun">
Agbangnizoun

Geography.
Agbangnizoun is located 16 kilometres from Abomey and 151 kilometres from Cotonou. It is bounded to the north by Abomey and Djidja, south by Couffo, east by the communes of Bohicon and Zogbodomey and the west by the town of Klouékanmè.
Administrative divisions.
Agbangnizoun is subdivided into 10 arrondissements; Agbangnizoun, Adanhoundjigon, Adingnigon, Kinta, Lissazounmè, Sahè, Siwé-Kpota, Siwé-Légo, Tanvé and Zoungoudo. They contain 45 villages and 7 city districts.
Economy.
Most of the population are engaged in agricultural activities followed by trade, transportation and handicrafts. 6 800,00 hectares of land are devoted to agriculture, accounting for 34.87% of the total population. The main crops grown are maize, cotton, sorghum, cowpeas, peanuts, cassava and potato.

</doc>
<doc id="20796660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796660" title="Seventh-day Adventist camps">
Seventh-day Adventist camps

The Seventh-day Adventist Church operates youth summer camps, and camp meetings for all ages, internationally. Each local-area "Conference" in the North American Division of Seventh-day Adventists is in charge of running and operating their own camp. The ages of campers range anywhere between 7–17 years old, depending on the week at the camp. Each camp varies in the activities they manage but most have archery, swimming, horses, arts and crafts, nature, high ropes challenge course, and many other common activities found at non-Adventist camps. In addition to regular camps some have specialty camps, or RAD camps, which vary from either a week of surfing, waterskiing/wakeboarding, rock climbing, golf, skateboarding, whitewater rafting, mountain biking, cycling, basketball, BMX, and many others.
History.
Camp meetings in the Adventist church trace back to the preceding Millerite movement led by William Miller. These in turn had influences from the existing Methodist camp meetings.
The Millerites held more than 130 camp meetings from the earliest in summer 1842, to prior to Autumn 1844; with an estimated combined attendance of over half-a-million people. Media campaigns surrounding the camps extended their influence further.
Joshua V. Himes had a major role in the camps. He also pioneered the use of a tent for meetings. This tent could seat around 4,000 people, and was apparently the largest tent of its type up to that time in the United States.
This history may relate little to the youth camp program of Adventists. It relates mainly to their camp meeting program.
Camp locations.
In Australia, camp meeting is commonly known as "Big Camp".
United States.
Some Seventh-day Adventist camps in the U.S.: 

</doc>
<doc id="20796665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796665" title="Djidja">
Djidja

Geography.
Djidja (Djomla) is located 24 kilometres northeast of Abomey and 163 kilometres from Cotonou. It is bounded to the southwest by Couffo, east by the communes of Za-Kpota and Cove and the north by Collines. A main road passes from south to north, but it is hardly passable during the rainy season forcing all users to comply with an average speed of safety of about 40 km / hour (about 25 minutes travel from Abomey). 
Djidja is cosmopolitan and has a population of 84,590 inhabitants spread over an area of 2184km ². 
Administrative divisions.
Djidja is subdivided into 12 arrondissements; Djidja, Agondji, Agouna, Dan, Dohouimè, Gobé, Oungbègamè, Monsourou, Mougnon, Outo, Setto, Zoukou. They contain 64 villages and 11 city districts.
Economy.
90% of the population are engaged in agricultural activities followed by trade, transportation and handicrafts. 147 300,00 hectares of land are devoted to agriculture, accounting for 38.76% of the total population. The main crops grown are maize, cotton, cowpeas, peanuts, yams and cassava. 

</doc>
<doc id="20796667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796667" title="Goran Šaula">
Goran Šaula

Goran Šaula (Serbian Cyrillic: Гopaн Шaулa; born 1 September 1970 in Novi Sad, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20796676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796676" title="Hassan Tayyab Academy">
Hassan Tayyab Academy

Hassan Tayyab Academy is an educational institution in the city of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It is in Hussainabad (Block 2) and was inaugurated in the 1980s. The institution was organised by Abdul Sattar Kerya.
The academy's chairman gained a reputation as a philanthropist in 1966 when he joined the Norani Sabeel Committee. He supported a number of charitable organizations. In 1971, he joined Okhai Memon Jamat, working for committees. In 1983 he was elected president of Okhai Memon Jamat.
The school initially offered courses up to grade 5 only; it later became affiliated with the Karachi school board and was able to offer courses through secondary school.
The school building was first in plot number 90/2, while the administrative building was on plot 88/2. In time, several more buildings were erected on adjoining plots.
The Hassan Tayyab Academy has been running under the management of Hassan Tayyab Multipurpose Co-operative Society, Ltd since 1984.
The school runs in two shifts: morning for boys and afternoon for girls. There are more than 800 students and 70 teachers and staff members.
The school has three sections.

</doc>
<doc id="20796690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796690" title="Ouinhi">
Ouinhi

It is bounded on the north-west by the commune of Zagnanado, south-west by the commune of Zogbodomey, south by the commune of Bonou and east by the commune of Adja-Ouèrè. The commune is divided into arrondisements which include Dasso, Ouinhi, and Tohu, comprising 28 villages.
The arrondisements of Ouinhi and Dasso were struck hard by the 2008 Benin floods in July 2008, tearing down mud and straw homes and infrastructure and polluting rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="20796699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796699" title="Za-Kpota">
Za-Kpota

History.
Za-Kpota dates back to 1645, when Fon settlers from Abomey and Bohicon settled there in order to develop farming and hunting. The first settlement was Adikogon. The name is derived from settlers who remarked "Za kpo O ta bo not Finin" which roughly means: "Sweep the rise and reside there."
Za-Kpota covers an area of 600 square kilometres and had 87,076 inhabitants with a Density of 212.9 inhabitants per km in 2002. The commune contains some 56 villages, mostly engaged in subsistence farming. Originally populated by Fons, the town now houses some Mahis, Yoruba and Dendi.
Economy.
Economic activities that occupy people include agriculture (85%), trade (8%), crafts (5%) and other services (2%). However, the commune is living in poverty.
Zakpota has a school with around 250 pupils, 80% of which are boys. Donations from the Netherlands have been geared towards improving female education in the commune.
Za-Kpota was struck hard by the 2008 Benin floods in July 2008, tearing down mud and straw homes and infrastructure and polluting rivers.
Child trafficking.
In December 2003, Za-Kpota was the centre of a serious child trafficking scandal. It erupted after rival traffickers gave the Nigerian police pictures of children from Za-Kpota working arduously in quarries and farms in Nigeria, authorised by their parents due to extreme poverty. The police located 261 boys, aged 6–16 in Abeokuta in Ogun State and sent them back to Benin on trucks. Seven traffickers were arrested and incarcerated. The boys at the centre of the Za-Kpota Nigerian trafficking scandal were believed to represent only a small percentage of the total number of some 50,000 Beninese children which are believed to be a victim of cross-border child trafficking. In cooperation with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the government has set up village committees to stop child trafficking.

</doc>
<doc id="20796709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796709" title="Harry Bullard">
Harry Bullard

Sir Harry Bullard DL (1841 – 26 December 1903) was an English brewer and Conservative politician.
Bullard was born at Norwich, the son of Richard Bullard, who had founded the brewery company of Bullard & Watts in 1837. When Richard Bullard died in 1864, his three sons, Harry, Charley and Fred ran the brewery, erecting the new building in 1864 which still remains as a shell. In March 1895 the brewery was incorporated as a Limited Company
In 1877 Harry Bullard was made Sheriff, and he was Mayor of Norwich in 1878, 1879 and 1886. At the 1885 general election Bullard was elected as one of the two Members of Parliament (MP) for Norwich, but he was unseated on petition.
He was knighted in 1887. At the 1895 general election he stood successfully at Norwich, and held the seat until his death in 1904. He was made a Deputy Lieutenant of Norfolk in 1887,
and also served as a Justice of the Peace (J.P.) for the county. He lived at Hellesdon House.

</doc>
<doc id="20796713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796713" title="Ammonia volatilization from urea">
Ammonia volatilization from urea

Urea (46-0-0) accounts for more than fifty percent of the world’s nitrogenous fertilizers. It is found in granular or prill form, which allows urea to be easily stored, transported and applied in agricultural settings. It is also the cheapest form of granular nitrogen fertilizer. Since urea is not an oxidizer at standard temperature and pressure, it is safer to handle and less of a security risk than other common nitrogen fertilizers, such as ammonium nitrate.
Breakdown of urea.
For plants to absorb nitrogen from urea it must first be broken down:
formula_1
Urease is a naturally occurring enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of urea to unstable carbamic acid. Rapid decomposition of carbamic acid occurs without enzyme catalysis to form ammonia and carbon dioxide. The ammonia will likely escape to the atmosphere unless it reacts with water to form ammonium (NH4+) according to the following reaction: 
formula_2
This is important because ammonium is a plant available source of nitrogen while ammonia is not. Additionally, the formation of the hydroxide ion may cause soils around the applied urea particle to have a pH around 9.0 which increases ammonia volatilization. This area is also highly toxic due to elevated ammonia concentration for several hours so it is recommended that urea based fertilizers not be applied or banded with planted seed at a rate that exceeds 10–20 kg/ha, depending on the crop species. It is important that there is adequate moisture because up to thirty percent of the available nitrogen can be lost through atmospheric volatilization within seventy-two hours of application.
Management considerations.
Ammonia volatilization reduces the economic efficiency of agricultural cropping systems. Either yield will be reduced or additional costs will be incurred from additional nitrogen fertilizer. The amount of ammonia volatilization depends on several environmental factors, including temperature, pH, and the soil water content. Additionally, the amount of surface residue and time between urea application and precipitation are also critical. Generally speaking, volatilization will be lower when urea is applied during the wetter and cooler conditions that generally occur in early spring (March and April). However, drying surface soil and rising temperatures as spring progresses increases the probability of ammonia volatilization. Ideally, a manager should attempt to apply nitrogen immediately before a moderate rain event (0.1 inch), allowing urea to dissolve and move into the soil. However, this is not always possible. The soil’s pH also has a strong effect on the amount of volatilization. Specifically, highly alkaline soils (pH~8.2 or higher) have proven to increase urea hydrolysis. One study has shown complete hydrolysis of urea within two days of application on such soils. In acidic soils (pH 5.2) the urea took twice as long to hydrolyze. Surface residues, such as thatch and plant stubble exhibit increased urease activity. Soils that have high organic matter content also tend to have higher urease concentrations. More urease results in greater hydrolysis of urea and ammonia volatilization, particularly if urea fails to move into the soil.
Urease inhibitors.
Fertilizer is often applied when field conditions are not optimal, particularly in large scale operations. Most studies, indicate that nitrogen losses can be reduced in these situations when a urease inhibitor is applied to the fertilizer. 
Urease inhibitors prevent the urease enzyme from breaking down the urea. This increases the probability that urea will be absorbed into the soil after a rain event rather than volatilized into the atmosphere. This causes subsequent hydrolyzation to occur below the soil surface and decreases atmospheric losses. The use of inhibitors also decreases the localized zones of high pH common with untreated urea.

</doc>
<doc id="20796735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796735" title="Zagnanado">
Zagnanado

Zagnanado or Zangnanado is a town, arrondissement, and commune in the Zou Department of southern-central Benin. It is located 47 kilometres from Abomey and 165 kilometres north of Cotonou. The commune covers an area of 750 square kilometres and as of 2002 had a population of 36,756 people.
History.
The territorial entity that is today the municipality of Zagnanado has undergone several administrative changes since the colonial period until today. Since the early eighteenth century, the region depended on the kingdom of Abomey. Guézo made the area headquarters of the army during his campaigns against the Yoruba and Kétou of Abeokuta. By the Act of June 21, 1895, King Agoli-Agbo, he authorised full authority over the Agonlin region. In the early twentieth century, Zagnanado and surrounding villages were visited by many missionaries who spread Christianity. During the colonial period and into the 1970s, Agonlin remained a single administrative entity. However, in 1978 it was divided into three communes, Zagnanado, Covè and Ouinhi.
Geography.
3 rivers flow through the commune, the longest flows through for 93 kilometers. Zagnanado is bordered by Dassa-Zoumè to the north, Ouinhi and Zogbodomè to the south, Covè, Za-Kpota and Djidja to the west and Adja-Ouèrè and Kétou to the east.
Administrative divisions.
Zagnanado is subdivided into six arrondisements, Agonlin-Houégbo, Banami, Don Tan, Dovi, Kpedekpo and Zagnanado. They contain 27 villages and 7 city districts.
Demographics.
The population of Zagnanado is dominated by two major ethnic groups; Mahi representing 90.5% and Yoruba representing 8.1% and the rest minorities. The main religions are Christianity (47.2%), animism (30.5%) and Islam (2.8%).
The population of the commune of Zagnanado, according to the 2002 census is 36,756 people, which is 6.1% of the population of the Zou Department. Data from the last census shows that from 1992 to 2002, the population Zagnanado experienced a small increase of 0.7% per year while between 1979 and 1992 growth was about 2.2% per year.

</doc>
<doc id="20796752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796752" title="Zogbodomey">
Zogbodomey

Administrative divisions.
Zogbodomey is divided administratively into 11 arrondissements: Akiza, Avlamè, Cana 1, Cana 2, Domè, Koussoukpa, Kpokissa, Massi, Tanwé-Hessou, Zoukou and Zogbodomey. The commune contains 6 urban quarters and 59 villages.
Economy.
The economy of Zogbodomey is based on agriculture, livestock, trade and agro food processing.
Agriculture employs over 80% of the population, with the main crops grown being maize and groundnuts, but in recent years, producers are turning to other commodities such as vegetables, cotton, cassava, soybeans, cowpeas, and rice.
Livestock production is limited to goats, sheep, pigs, poultry and rabbits.
Small and medium enterprises operate in Zogbodomey and transform products such as cassava, palm oil, vegetable oil and soybean etc.
There are a variety of markets and traders in the main town, and bars and restaurants have grown up in recent years, and new shops and stores.

</doc>
<doc id="20796753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796753" title="List of New Mexico Territory Civil War units">
List of New Mexico Territory Civil War units

The New Mexico Territory provided the following units for the Union army during the American Civil War. Not yet a state of the Union, it did not have a required quota of soldiers to raise. However, 6,561 men volunteered their services. They were primarily raised for defenses within the territory.
Infantry.
5 regiments were provided for three year terms, while one regiment and 11 companies were raised for three-months service.
Cavalry.
One three-year regiment, One 6-month regiment, and 5 three-month companies were raised.

</doc>
<doc id="20796758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796758" title="Flo (Progressive Insurance)">
Flo (Progressive Insurance)

Flo is a fictional character appearing in more than 50 commercials for Progressive Insurance, beginning in 2008. Portrayed by actress and comedian Stephanie Courtney, the character has developed a fan base on social networks and has become an iconic advertising mascot.
Broadcast history.
"Flo," an upbeat store employee for Progressive Insurance, was created by the Boston-based agency Arnold Worldwide, specifically copywriter John Park and art director Steve Reepmeyer. She is played by actress and comedian Stephanie Courtney, and the character has a fan base on social networks.
The character debuted in 2008 through television commercials and has since appeared in radio and print advertisements and web banners. As of November 2010, she had appeared in 53 commercials.
In 2011, Progressive introduced an Australian counterpart to Flo, named Kitty, played by Australian actress Holly Austin.
Characterization.
Flo is a cashier and is recognizable by her extremely enthusiastic, upbeat persona, heavy makeup, and retro hairstyle. According to Courtney, it takes one hour to prepare Flo's hair and another to apply her make-up. A December 15, 2008 article in "Advertising Age" described Flo as "a weirdly sincere, post-modern Josephine the Plumber who just really wants to help. She has: the brand is flourishing."
Popularity.
In October 2009, the "Boston Herald" referred to Flo as "the commercial break's new sweetheart" and said Courtney was "attaining TV ad icon status". The same article also reported that she was the subject of a popular Halloween costume. At that time, a Facebook page called "Flo, the Progressive Girl" had garnered a little over one million fans. As of December 2013, the Facebook page has more than 5.3 million likes. There are multiple websites dedicated to her, and she is popular on Twitter and various internet forums.
Flo was added as a downloadable character in the video game "ModNation Racers" in late 2010, complete with her own Progressive kart.
Fan interest notwithstanding, Courtney's opinion is that the GEICO gecko "puts out more sexual vibes than Flo does."

</doc>
<doc id="20796780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796780" title="Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt">
Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt

Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt (27 January 1807 – 10 July 1865) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He served five terms in the Norwegian Parliament, including two years as President, was a professor in Christiania and an Assessor of the Supreme Court.
Personal life.
Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt was born on the island St. Thomas, then a part of the Danish West Indies. His father was Peter Motzfeldt, a noted military officer and father of the Norwegian Constitution. He was stationed on St. Thomas from 1802 to 1809, while Ulrik's mother Erneste Birgitte Margrethe was the daughter of the B.C. Stenersen, stipendiary magistrate of St. Thomas. Ulrik's younger brother Ketil was also a noted statesman. In addition, their paternal great-grandmother Birgitte Andrea Bull was a first cousin of Johan Lausen Bull and Norway's first Supreme Court Justice Johan Randulf Bull.
Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt married twice. The marriage with his first wife produced two daughters. Their daughter Marie Sophie Erneste married jurist and politician Ulrik Fredrik Christian Arneberg. Motzfeldt later married Anna Pauline Jørgine Birch, and the couple had two sons and one daughter. Their oldest son Ernst became a government minister.
Career.
Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt enrolled as a law student in 1823, and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1826. In 1829 he was hired as a lector at the Royal Frederick University. He was promoted in 1834, to professor of jurisprudence. His most important publications include "Den norske Kirkeret" (1844) and "Lovgivningen om Odelsretten og Aasædesretten" (1846). From 1842 Ulrik Anton Motzfeldt also served as a Supreme Court Assessor.
Motzfeldt was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1851, representing the constituency of Smaalenenes Amt. He was re-elected in 1854, but this time representing the city of Christiania. He was then re-elected in 1857, 1859 and finally in 1862. He served as President of the Storting from 1857 to 1858, and President of the Lagting from 1859 to 1860. He also served as mayor of Kristiania from 1853 to 1860.
Motzfeldt died in July 1865 in Christiania.

</doc>
<doc id="20796810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796810" title="Munson Shorthand">
Munson Shorthand

The Munson Shorthand system was a form of shorthand devised by James Eugene Munson, who was an official court stenographer in New York State. It is a slightly revised version of Pitman shorthand designed to make it more systematic.
Many of the symbols are identical to Pitman's. The idea of distinguishing voiced from unvoiced consonants by writing the former more darkly is taken directly from Pitman. 

</doc>
<doc id="20796820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796820" title="Friedrich Franz Friedmann">
Friedrich Franz Friedmann

Friedrich Franz Friedmann (October 26, 1876 – February 19, 1953) was a tuberculosis researcher in Berlin who came to New York City to give what he called the "turtle vaccine" to people who came to his clinic in 1913. He claimed to have developed a strain capable of providing immunity, by passing the strain through turtles.
Biography.
He was born on October 26, 1876 in Berlin. He arrived in the United States in 1913 with his secretary, Charles de Vidal Hundt and his brother, Arthur C. H. Friedmann. He sold the American rights to the cure for $125,000 in cash to set up thirty-six Friedrich F. Friedmann Institutes that were to be in thirty-six states. The New York City Board of Health rejected his claims and the clinic was closed. He died on February 19, 1953 in Monte Carlo.

</doc>
<doc id="20796826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796826" title="M86 sniper rifle">
M86 sniper rifle

The M86 sniper rifle is a bolt action sniper rifle manufactured by Harris Gunworks (formerly Harris-McMillan Gunworks, formerly G. McMillan & Co.). It was used by the U.S. armed forces, primarily Navy SEALs and Delta Force. It was most commonly built in 7.62×51mm NATO chambering with an internal 5 round magazine, or optionally configured to use either 5 or 10 round M14 detachable box magazines. It was also built with a magnum action, accommodating calibers such as .300 Winchester Magnum and .338 Lapua Magnum. The magnum action version was available only with an internal 5 round magazine. Harris also produced the M89, with essentially the same build standard as the M86, but which utilized a rifle stock with an enhanced grip mold.

</doc>
<doc id="20796831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796831" title="Louis E. Martin">
Louis E. Martin

Louis Emanuel Martin, Jr. (November 18, 1912 - January 6, 1997) was a renowned American journalist, newspaper publisher, civil rights activist and advisor to three Presidents of the United States. Through his pioneering political activism during the civil rights era, he came to be known as the “Godfather of Black Politics.”
Early life.
Born in Shelbyville, Tennessee, to Dr. Louis E. Martin Sr. and Willa Martin, Louis Jr. grew up in Savannah, Georgia. His father, a physician of Afro-Cuban ancestry was a graduate of Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tennessee. It was there that he met and married the former Willa Hill of nearby Shelbyville. Louis Jr. was their only son.
Dr. Martin moved his family to Savannah when Louis Jr. was four years old, largely because the climate of southeast Georgia reminded him of the sub-tropical climate of his native Santiago, Cuba. It was in Savannah that Louis Jr. later met and married the former Gertrude Scott, his wife of 60 years.
Newspaper career.
After first attending Fisk University, Martin went on to graduate from the University of Michigan in 1934, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism. Following college, Martin traveled to his father's native Cuba, spending two years there as a freelance writer based in Havana. Returning to the United States in 1936, he was hired as a reporter with the "Chicago Defender", a major black newspaper published in Chicago, Illinois.
After just six months in Chicago he was asked to return to Michigan to help launch a new black newspaper, the "Michigan Chronicle", serving as its first editor and publisher. Martin remained at the Chronicle for eleven years.
Louis Martin was a founder of the National Newspaper Publishers Association, a group of black newspaper publishers. He was also (in 1970) a founder of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, a research organization in Washington, D.C. providing technical support for black officeholders and scholars throughout the country; serving as its first chairman for eight years.
Political career.
Originally recruited by R. Sargent Shriver, Martin joined the 1960 Presidential campaign of Senator John F. Kennedy. During the campaign, Martin was instrumental in persuading candidate Kennedy to place a telephone call to Coretta Scott King to express dismay over the jailing of her husband, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. That phone call was widely credited with helping Kennedy win a major portion of the black vote in the general election that year. It prompted Dr. King's father, the Reverend Martin Luther King Sr., a registered Republican, to vote for Democratic Presidential candidate Kennedy.
Following the assassination of President Kennedy in 1963, Martin was among the few close Kennedy advisors to successfully make the transition to the new administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson. In 1967, as a trusted advisor, Martin was influential in President Johnson’s decision to nominate Thurgood Marshall as the first black Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Of his close working relationship with Johnson it was said that "They talked to each other in the shorthand of experienced political pros," according to Clifford Alexander, Special White House counsel and the first African-American Secretary of the United States Army. Secretary Alexander regarded Martin as his mentor. Among the other leading black public figures whom Martin helped raise to prominence was Vernon E. Jordan, Jr., later a close adviser to President Bill Clinton. Martin helped recruit Jordan to head the National Urban League.
Eddie Williams, president of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies said it was surprising that Martin was largely unknown to the public at large, given his wide-ranging influence in the White House and his role in the development of black political power in the Democratic Party. "One reason for this is that in Washington, he was the consummate political insider," Williams said. "He traversed the corridors of power for many years without calling attention to himself and his achievements." According to Williams, it was in the "Washington Post" that Martin was first called the "Godfather of Black politics".
On Monday, January 6, 1997, Louis Emanuel Martin Jr. died in Orange, California. He was 84.
Notes.
In author Alex Poinsett’s book "Walking with Presidents" Louis Martin recounts his first awareness of race and its peculiar significance in American society. His father was napping in a back room of his office when the receptionist rushed in excitedly saying: "You've got to get up. It's a white man!" Jolted awake, Dr. Martin rushed to the front waiting-room.
Here, Martin reflects on this event that occurred in 1919 when he was seven years old:
“I always regretted that my old man got up. It struck me that just being a white man made a hell of a lot of difference. It impressed me so much that I became a civil rights advocate at the age of seven. From that time forward, I kept looking for signs and studying people closely as I began to understand how crazy this society is.”
In the Foreword to Poinsett's biography of Louis Martin, Vernon Jordan wrote:
"…a testimony to the enthusiasm, wisdom, and optimism with which Louis Martin approached politics. For more than half a century he was an indefatigable participant in America’s political affairs. After helping FDR with reelection in 1944, he went on to serve as advisor and assistant to Presidents Kennedy, Johnson and Carter, and along the way initiated generations of black people into the leadership ranks of the American political system. For me he not only was a teacher and a mentor but remained a steadfast friend and a constant source of inspiration. Louis was always immensely generous with his time, and I - like so many others - knew that I could call him anytime and hear that familiar greeting, ‘What’s up?’ by which he meant ‘fill me in and let’s see what needs to be done’."

</doc>
<doc id="20796835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796835" title="Nemunas Delta Regional Park">
Nemunas Delta Regional Park

Nemunas Delta Regional Park, established in 1994, is located in Lithuania within the Nemunas Delta where the Nemunas flows into the Baltic Sea. The park covers 29,013 hectares.
The park, a Ramsar Convention site, lies on the East Atlantic Flyway, a major bird migration route; over 70,000 migratory birds are ringed there annually. About one-fifth of it is covered by water, including Lake Krokų Lanka and the rivers Rusne, Skirvyte, Atmata, Pakalne, Vorusne, and Aukstumale. It also supports hay and dairy farming, fishing, hunting, peat production, tourism, recreation, and conservation education.

</doc>
<doc id="20796847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796847" title="Nancy Swider-Peltz">
Nancy Swider-Peltz

Nancy Louise Swider-Peltz (born August 20, 1956, in Chicago, Illinois) was an Olympic speedskater (1976, 1980, 1984, 1988) from the United States who held the world record in the 3,000 meters in 1976. She was the first U.S. Olympian to compete in four different Winter Olympics. She was elected to the National Speed Skating Hall of Fame.
She is a graduate of Maine South High School in Park Ridge, Illinois.
Swider-Peltz coaches her daughter, Nancy, Jr., who competed for the US at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
She is also a graduate of Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20796856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796856" title="Heeresfeldbahn">
Heeresfeldbahn

A Heeresfeldbahn is a German or Austrian military field railway (in Austria also called a Rollbahn). They were field railways ("Feldbahnen") designed for the military transportation purposes.
History.
As railways developed during the 19th century, the military also discovered the utility of this new mode of transport. In stark contrast to the rudimentary road network of the time, the railways could transport large quantities of supplies, heavy equipment and troops rapidly and efficiently. For operations to the front lines the military developed its own system of field railways ("Feldbahnen"), usually built to a narrow gauge. In addition to the general advantages of narrow gauge railways - they took up less space and could have tighter curves, for example - narrow gauge vehicles and track were more easily transportable and could be quickly moved to conform as the location of the front line changed.
Unlike road transportation, the establishment of a "Heeresfeldbahn" required the construction of expensive and time-consuming railway infrastructure (albeit of simpler design than conventional railways). They were built by specialist troops trained by the military, known as "Eisenbahnpioniere". As a war progressed prisoners of war were also employed. The "Heeresfeldbahn" is tied to this fixed infrastructure; under artillery bombardment or other acts of war it is not flexible enough compared with lorry transport. A "Heeresfeldbahn" can also be quickly captured and used by an army's opponents. This could become a major disadvantage if the army has to retreat and is unable to lift or destroy the railway quickly enough.
Due to these disadvantages, the "Heeresfeldbahn" completely lost its importance in the second half of the 20th century and was replaced by road vehicles which were now more technically advanced, cross-country capable and did not require specially trained crews. In particularly difficult terrain, air transportation is now also used (especially helicopters). The use of military railways is now largely restricted to internal transportation functions on large military sites, e.g. for transportation at munitions depots. In addition there are "Feldbahnen" on some military training areas e.g. large targets may be mounted on tipper trucks that are hauled by motorised locomotives as mobile targets for live firing exercises.
Subsequent civilian use.
In addition to the typical tasks of military field railways in war itself, they were also sometimes used for civilian tasks once the war was over or their military function was finished. Such duties were occasionally carried out by military units and sometimes they built long access lines. For example, in the 1870s, when the Imperial and Royal Military Railway built a supply line from Bosnian Brod to Zenica in Bosnia was quickly expanded into a fully operational narrow gauge railway for general use, thus founding the extensive railway network built to the so-called Bosnian gauge of 760 mm. Even after the First World War, when the "Heeresfeldbahnen" were used very widely, a number of routes were used for public transport. For example, the "Grödnerbahn" in Tyrol was built as a supply line to the Dolomite front. The narrow gauge line from Skopje to Ohrid in Macedonia, over 200 km long with a gauge of 600 mm, was originally a military railway of this type.
Transportable "Feldbahn" track materiel, locomotives and wagons were often sold to civilian companies after the cessation of hostilities and the politically driven disbandment of the troops responsible for them. This materiel was occasionally still in use for decades after the war's end. For example, in some peat works today there are still track sections from the Imperial Austrian Military Railway to be found and in "Feldbahn" museums there is a variety of steel relics to be seen.
Rolling stock.
Usually special rolling stock was developed for "Heeresfeldbahnen". Their locomotives, the so-called "Heeresfeldbahnlokomotiven" (lit: army field railway locomotives) were characterised by their simple, rugged design, their ability to negotiate very tight curve radii and travel over extremely poor-quality trackbeds safely. These design features also made them interesting for civilian uses such as the forest railways ("Waldbahnen") used in forestry or on civilian field railways ("Feldbahnen").
Kasemattenbahn.
A special type of "Heeresfeldbahn" is the "Kasemattenbahn" (lit: casemate railway), specifically for use in fortified military installations. It is usually used to ensure a reliable and copious provision of supplies inside the narrow passages of casemates. They are found, for example, on the Atlantic Wall, the fortified installations in the Ardennes and in fortified British harbours. 

</doc>
<doc id="20796865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796865" title="Rugby union in New South Wales">
Rugby union in New South Wales

Rugby union in New South Wales describes the sport of rugby union being played and watched in the state of New South Wales.
History of rugby union in NSW.
Conducting its inaugural meeting in 1865, the now defunct Sydney Football Club holds the honour of being Australia's first rugby club. The first 'inter-club' match took place between Sydney F.C. and a team placed in the field by the Australian Cricket Club. Held in Sydney's Hyde Park on 17 June 1865. 
It has been thought that University formed a football club in 1863 or '64, however, it is now clear there is no evidence to support this. Newspaper reports record no matches amongst the University students or inter-club matches until after the arrival of Sydney F.C. in the winter of 1865.
In Melbourne, the capital of Victoria, a set of local rules had been adopted in 1859 (based on a mix of rugby, soccer and other English and local variations). In 1866 a move to introduce 'Victorian rules' (now called Australian Rules) to Sydney caused a rift between the clubs. It ultimately only left the University club, and a team placed in the field by the Military and Civil Cricket Club, playing any football at all (which was primarily rugby). Inter-club football practically disappeared over the late 1860s, with only a handful matches played between the University, a new Sydney F.C. and teams from visiting English naval ships.
The largest obstacle to growth of Rugby Union was a lack of common agreement on what form of football rules ought to be observed. The Wallaroo F.C. was formed in 1870 to play "according to the rugby rules" by William 'Monty' Arnold with his older brother Richard, who (apparently) had been a student at Rugby school in England.
New gentlemen's clubs and private schools followed including Newington College, playing at Newington House and The King's School, playing on the Parramatta Domain, along with St. Leonards, Lyndhurst College, Camden College, Sydney Grammar School, Waratah F.C., and a handful of others. The increase in interest in rugby was primarily in the rapidly growing private schools, under the guidance of schoolmasters who had come from England. It coincided with the population of Sydney increasing by almost half through the 1860s, from 96,000 to just under 138,000 (in 1871). The inaugural Sydney club competition was in 1874, competed by the Balmain Rugby Union Football Club, Newington College, Sydney University Football Club and The King's School.
Along with the private schools, the Wallaroo club was also instrumental in ensuring the amateur ideals of refined English society were followed in Sydney sport. Concepts in rugby such as a club competition structure, defined player positions, team training sessions (other than for fitness), the use of a coach, compensating for lost travelling expenses and attracting paying crowds were directly foreign to the amateur ideal. 
Arguments over the differences in the playing rules followed by each club or school reached a head by 1874. The Wallaroo club proposed a football conference of all teams to decide on a codified set of on-field rules - unsurprisingly the Wallaroo members pushed for the adoption of rugby rules, without any alteration. Ultimately, this led to the formation of the "Southern Rugby Football Union" (later renamed as the New South Wales Rugby Union / NSWRU). 
By 1877 the SRFU had thirteen member clubs from the twenty-three known to be playing rugby football in colony of New South Wales. To tighten its grip on the rugby game, the Union adopted a rule that its clubs could only play other member clubs - proposed matches against 'non-subscribing' clubs had to receive prior approval. 
The NSW team (later called Waratahs) played its first inter-colonial game in 1882, against Queensland (later called 'The Reds'). A British team toured Australia and New Zealand in 1888. The exchange of visits led to the continued growth of rugby, and by the 1890s the code had taken hold in the colony, thwarting attempts by Victorian rules and soccer to gain the ascendancy.
The game continued to grow becoming the most popular code of football in NSW until the issue of professionalism led to the schism in 1908 and the formation of the New South Wales Rugby Football League. The amateur status of rugby and the severe restrictions placed those who played league meant the NSWRU lost many players including the great Dally Messenger to the professional code. This loss of professional players to rugby league continued until rugby union became a professional sport in 1995.
History of the Sky Blue Jersey.
New South Wales state sporting colour is famous throughout Australia. Until 1885 the NSW side wore 'heather green' which was the official colour of the Southern Rugby Football Union (later NSWRU). The jersey also included a white southern cross across the chest.
By 1887 the NSW team was wearing red scarlet jerseys which they appear to have used up to 1891. The choice of red is seemingly based upon following the colour of the Wales jersey, as the badge included a dragon symbol. 
In 1892 the NSWRU decided to wear jerseys of 'Cambridge blue' - though the source of the inspiration for colour choice was not recorded. The likely reason was that the Queensland, or Northern Union had adopted a dark blue jersey similar to the dark blue of Oxford University, and so a natural opposition strip was that of Cambridge's light blue. They may also have followed the lead of the NSW cricket team who wore light blue shirts (all white clothing was not yet custom in cricket).
By 1897 the playing strip was specified as: "navy-blue pants, light-blue jersey" and the colour scheme has remained in place ever since.
New South Wales state team.
The New South Wales Waratahs are the representative team of the NSWRU and compete in the Super Rugby competition against other domestic sides from South Africa, Australia & New Zealand. The club is yet to win a premiership but the most success has been in recent years when the Waratahs reached the 2005 Final and 2006 Semi-Finals.
Grade Clubs.
There are currently a total of 12 clubs competing at the top level of the NSW Rugby district competition known as the Tooheys New Shute Shield.
Competitions.
The sydney first grade competition is called the shute shield and is contested between 12 teams. The Tooheys New Cup, which was the other first grade competition, ceased to exist in 2007.
The Shute Shield was presented to NSWRU in 1923, by the Sydney University Football Club for the 1st Grade Premiership Competition. The Shield is named in honour of the late Robert Elliott Shute, who died while playing for NSW against The Rest on 6 June 1922.
In addition to the two 1st Grade Competitions (The Tooheys New Cup & the Shute Shield) there is also a Colts Competition under the top 2 Competitions. Each Grade Club except for the Central Coast enter a Team in the 3 Colts Competitions: 1st Grade, 2nd Grade & the Under 19s League. These are "Step Up Leagues" which aim to prepare up & coming players from Suburban & District Rugby to get a taste of Top Level Rugby Union in New South Wales.
Suburban rugby.
Below the NSWRU grade competition is the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union (commonly known as Subbies). With over 6000 players and 55 clubs this is believed to be the largest centrally organised rugby union competition in the world.
Country Rugby.
The New South Wales Country Rugby Union is affiliated with the NSWRU and covers the majority of non-metropolitan areas of NSW. The Union is split into nine zones with 100 clubs and over 16,000 players. NSW Country is represented by the NSW Country Cockatoos in the Australian Rugby Shield.

</doc>
<doc id="20796911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796911" title="Graham Broadbent">
Graham Broadbent

Graham Broadbent is a British film producer.
Career.
Co-founder of Mission Pictures with Andrew Hauptman and Damien Jones, Graham Broadbent produced "Thunderpants" (2002) by Peter Hewitt and "Piccadilly Jim" (2004) by John McKay. More recently, he produced "Millions" by Danny Boyle, winner of the British Independent Film Award 2005 for Best Screenplay.
He previously created and directed with Damien Jones the production company Dragon Pictures, for which he produced "Welcome to Sarajevo" (1996) by Michael Winterbottom, shown in the Festival de Cannes 1997, and cited by Time Magazine as one of the ten best films of the year "Dancing at the Blue Iguana" (2000) by Michael Radford, "Some Voices" by Simon Cellan Jones, "Very Annie Mary" (2001) by Sara Sugarman, "Splendor" (1999) by Gregg Araki, "A Texas Funeral" by William Blake Herron and "The Debt Collector".
In 2004 Broadbent, with Pete Czernin, founded the production company Blueprint Pictures. His first two productions were released in 2007: "Becoming Jane" (2007) by Julian Jarrold, with Anne Hathaway and James McAvoy, and "Wind Chill" (2006) by Gregory Jacobs, with Emily Blunt, which was co-produced by George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh and "In Bruges" (2007).
Along with Pete Czernin he has confirmed that he will produce a movie based on the "Skulduggery Pleasant" series. The movie is expected to be released in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20796917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796917" title="Diakonissa">
Diakonissa

Diakonissa is a Greek title of honor that is used to refer to a deacon's wife. It is derived from "diakonos"—the Greek word for "deacon" (literally, "server"). There does not currently seem to be any standard English equivalent, so most English-speaking Orthodox Christians will use the title most common in the old country churches from which their local family or parish finds its origin.
"Diakonissa" was also the term used in the ancient Church for the order of deaconess, a class of ordained women who saw to the care of women in the community.
Other languages.
In Arabic, a deacon's wife is called "Shamassy" (derived from "Shamas", Arabic for "deacon"). Romanian uses a derivative from the Greek term, "Diaconiţă", as does Serbian, "Djakonitsa" (pronounced "jack-on-eet'-sa"). Other Slavic traditions generally use the same word for a deacon's wife that is used for a priest's wife: "Matushka" (Russian), "Panimatushka" (Ukrainian), etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20796920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796920" title="Marek Chojnacki">
Marek Chojnacki

Club career.
Chojnacki played for ŁKS Łódź in the Polish Ekstraklasa, appearing in more than 450 league matches. He had a spell in the Greek Super League with Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
International career.
Chojnacki played for Poland at the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship in Japan. He played 4 international matches for his country.

</doc>
<doc id="20796922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796922" title="Real Gone (song)">
Real Gone (song)

"Real Gone" is a song written by Sheryl Crow and John Shanks for the 2006 Disney·Pixar film, "Cars". Crow's version of the song is the lead single to the official soundtrack album to the film.
The song charted to No. 76 on the "Billboard" Pop 100, as well as No. 1 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 singles chart.
Cover versions.
Country singer Billy Ray Cyrus covered the song for the "Disneymania 6" album. It was made into a music video directed by Trey Fanjoy. It was released as a digital single only on June 18, 2008, after it was featured on the compilation, "Country Sings Disney". The song is also available on his 2009 album "Back to Tennessee".
Pop/rock group Honor Society covered the song for "Disneymania 7". It was released as a digital single on March 9, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20796961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796961" title="Central heating (disambiguation)">
Central heating (disambiguation)

Central heating may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20796972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796972" title="Uncial 0309">
Uncial 0309

Uncial 0309 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it had been assigned to the 6th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small texts of the Gospels, on fragment of one parchment leaf. Probably the original leaf had size 18 cm by 13 cm. Survived only a small fragment 6 by 3 cm. Page verso is more legible. It contains text of Gospel of John 20:22-24.28-30.
Written in one column per page, 27 lines per page (survived only 6 lines), in uncial letters. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th-century.
It is currently housed at the "Institut für die Altertumskunde" of the University of Cologne (Inv. 806) in Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="20796973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796973" title="Phyle Campaign">
Phyle Campaign

The Phyle Campaign was the civil war that resulted from the Spartan imposition of a narrow oligarchy on Athens (see Thirty Tyrants) and resulted in the restoration of Athenian democracy.
Prelude.
The Thirty were short of funds and this led them to persecute wealthy Athenians of whatever political views. 
Many fled to Boeotia and Corinth who offered asylum in defiance of Sparta.
The campaign.
Due to both deference to Sparta and to their cash shortage the Thirty had left Athens' border forts ungarrisoned which allowed a group of Athenian exiles to seize the fort of Phyle in 404/403 BCE. The leader of the exiles, initially only some 70 strong, was Thrasybulus who had a reputation as a moderate democrat and so ideal to unite all democratic opponents of the thirty. A force of Athenian cavalry and Spartans was sent against Phyle, but was defeated in two surprise attacks by Thrasybulus. Thrasybulus then marched on Piraeus and defeated the force the thirty sent against him at the Battle of Munychia. 
Sparta first responded by sending Lysander with a force of mercenaries who clearly intended simply to place the thirty back in power. Very quickly, however, Sparta sent King Pausanias with a levy of the Peloponesian League. Pausanias defeated the democrats in the Battle of Piraeus However he opened negotiations and accepted the restoration of democracy but insisted on the separation Eleusis as a safe haven for the oligarchs.
Aftermath.
Lysander's faction at Sparta was furious and along with King Agis brought Pausanias to trial to the end of 403 BCE. The exact charge is uncertain but the essence was presumably that he had been soft on Athens. Fifteen of the Gerousia, including Agis, voted guilty and 14 against but all 5 Ephors voted non guilty so he was acquitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20796989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796989" title="Vespasiano I Gonzaga">
Vespasiano I Gonzaga

Vespasiano I Gonzaga (6 December 1531 – 26 February 1591) was an Italian nobleman, diplomat, writer, military engineer and condottiero. He is remembered as a patron of the arts and the founder of Sabbioneta, a town in Lombardy designed according to the Renaissance principles of the "ideal city".
He was born in Fondi, a Colonna fief in the southern Latium, the son of Isabella Colonna and the condottiero Luigi Gonzaga, lord of Palazzolo, a member of a cadet branch of the House of Gonzaga, Dukes of Mantua. Soon orphaned, he was educated under his aunt Giulia Gonzaga, who had moved to Naples to escape attempts from other members of the Colonna family to kill Vespasiano in order to obtain the fiefs he had inherited from his mother.
At the age of eleven he was sent to the Spanish royal court to complete his education under his uncle, King Philip II of Spain. The latter found in Vespasiano one of his most faithful advisors, and made him a Grandee of Spain and then Viceroy of Navarre and Valencia.
In 1556 he started his major project, the construction of a new, ideal city between Mantua and Parma which he christened "Sabbioneta" ("Sandy"), as it was to rise on the sandy banks of the Po River. The project was finished in 1591. Sabbioneta had been declared an autonomous Duchy in 1577, thanks to the personal support of Vespasiano's friend Rudolf II of Habsburg, whom he had met in the Spanish court.
He died at Sabbioneta in 1591.

</doc>
<doc id="20796993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796993" title="Dunn School, Los Olivos">
Dunn School, Los Olivos

Dunn School is a private, college prep boarding and day school for grades 6 - 12 located on 55 acres outside of Los Olivos, California. It was founded in 1957, by Tony Dunn under the name "The Valley School." Dunn is 30 minutes from Santa Barbara. The school provides daily transportation to Santa Barbara families.
Campus.
Dunn's campus includes a middle school and a high school. Buildings are California cottage-style. The Sinclaire Art Studios feature a painting studio, ceramic studio and sculpture yard, darkroom and multimedia classroom for digital photography and film-making students. Designed to take advantage of natural light as well as new technology, the Sinclaire Art Studio is the place to take in an art show or student film. The athletic facilities include six tennis courts, four athletic fields, a pool, gymnasium, volleyball courts (indoor and outdoor), basketball court (indoor and outdoor), running track, mountain bike track, and rock climbing wall. In addition to four student dormitories, there are 25 on-campus faculty residences, 40 classrooms, library, computer lab, science center with labs, learning support center, performing arts theater, day student lounges, infirmary, dining hall, school store and organic gardens.
Hands on Experiences.
Dunn students participate in community service traditions like Day of Caring and the 24 Hour Relay for Life, among dozens of other service projects each year. Every class, from grades 6 - 12, spends a week in the California wilderness. Students may travel abroad on international trips (three offered each year), or develop entrepreneurship skills through an innovation elective, student club, or management of the Earwig Cafe - a student-run enterprise. 
Academic.
Classes average 11 students, and are taught seminar-style by dedicated teachers. Dunn prepares students for rigorous high school and college-level work. Students learn with the future in mind. In small, engaging classes, students practice and strengthen key skills essential for college and career success: creativity, critical thinking, communication, teamwork, problem solving, innovation, global perspectives, and creating and using ethical frameworks. 
Students enroll in a minimum of five academic classes each semester. 
Athletics.
Dunn's coaches emphasize participation, positive coaching and good sportsmanship. No matter the student's skill level, every child receives personal attention and plays an important role on Dunn's athletic teams. All students participate on at least one team during the course of the year. Students may choose to participate in other activities in their non-team season. Dance, fitness swimming, drama, equestrian, yoga, and walking are among many additional activity choices. Each year, a handful of Dunn seniors advance to play varsity sports in college. And every student learns lifelong habits of exercise and cooperation.
Dunn School is a member of the Condor League, an athletic conference for independent secondary schools. The members are preparatory schools located along the Central Coast of California: Besant Hill School, Cate School, Laguna Blanca School, Midland School, Oak Grove School, Ojai Valley School, and Thacher School.

</doc>
<doc id="20796994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796994" title="Basshunter discography">
Basshunter discography

The discography of Basshunter, a Swedish singer-songwriter and DJ, consists of three studio albums, twelve singles and a number of other appearances on Warner Music Group/Hard2Beat.
Basshunter released his first albums, "The Old Shit" and "The Bassmachine", through his own website in 1999 and 2004 respectively. In April 2006, he signed his first contract with Warner Music, releasing his first single, "Boten Anna". In Scandinavia the song became a hit instantly and was the first ever Swedish language song to reach number one on the Dutch Top 40 Chart. His major label debut album, would chart all over Europe and launch him into the forefront of dance music.
Throughout 2007, Basshunter was working on a new album, titled "Now You're Gone – The Album", which is English reworkings of classic Basshunter songs. First single was a re-recording of "Boten Anna", titled "Now You're Gone" featuring entirely rewritten lyrics to appeal to a foreign market. The song subsequently charted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, and stayed there for five weeks. The second single release was "All I Ever Wanted" an English re-recording of "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA", in the vein of "Now You're Gone". The third single released was "Angel in the Night" followed by fourth single "I Miss You". Basshunter's fifth and final single from the album "Now You're Gone – The Album" was "Walk on Water" accompanied with a re-release of the album featuring new remixes plus a megamix video of the previous four singles from the Album.
Basshunter performed a new song titled "Every Morning" at the Dance Nation Tour in April 2009. It was released on September 28 followed by his third studio album "Bass Generation" and was released on 5 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20796997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20796997" title="Cognitive Neuroscience Society">
Cognitive Neuroscience Society

The Cognitive Neuroscience Society is an international academic society interested in multi-disciplinary approaches to cognitive brain function. Drawing primarily from the biological and psychological sciences, society members are involved in cognitive neuroscience research that attempts to integrate our understanding of the brain and mind.
Founded in 1994 by six scientists, Michael S. Gazzaniga (University of California, Santa Barbara), George R. Mangun (University of California, Davis), Steve Pinker (Harvard University), Patti Reuter-Lorenz (University of Michigan), Daniel Schacter (Harvard University), and Art Shimamura (University of California, Berkeley), the society brings together scientists from many different fields in its annual meeting held each spring, featuring a program of plenary speakers, symposia, posters, and special events, covering all aspects of cognitive neuroscience research. It also publishes the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience.

</doc>
<doc id="20797005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797005" title="Simjurids">
Simjurids

The Simjurids were a Turkish family that served the Samanid emirs (also transliterated as amirs, aamirs or ameers) of Bukhara in the 10th century. They played an influential role in the history of eastern Iran and southern Afghanistan during this time, and by the second half of the 10th century they had built a semi-independent principality in Khurasan.
History.
The Simjurids originated as Turkish slaves ("mameluks" or "ghilman") for the Samanid amirs. They quickly rose to prominence thanks to their skills as military commanders and governors, along with their extensive estates in the Quhistan region which acted as a permanent power base.
Their founder and eponym, Simjur al-Dawati, was appointed to various governorships in eastern and central Iran, and helped the Samanids to expand their authority in that region. His son Abu Ishaq Ibrahim was appointed as governor of Khurasan in 944/945, but only held it for a short time. After Ibrahim's death, his son Abu'l-Hasan Muhammad was invested with the governorship of Khurasan and served in that position for almost three decades.
With the ascension of the child Nuh ibn Mansur to the Samanid amirate, Muhammad was able to gain greater autonomy from Bukhara for himself. He was a key figure in the struggles that wracked the Samanid state in the 970s and 980s. When he died, his son Abu 'Ali al-Muzaffar took his father's place. Abu 'Ali completely renounced the sovereignty of the Samanids and was able to resist his enemies for some time, but was ultimately captured and executed by the Ghaznavids, another Turkish slave family, who then took over Khurasan.

</doc>
<doc id="20797021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797021" title="Thomas Jones (rugby player)">
Thomas Jones (rugby player)

Thomas 'Tom' Jones (13 December 1895–20 August 1933) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby union for Newport. Jones was capped six times for Wales and was part of the 1922 Five Nations Championship winning side.
Rugby career.
Jones played for several second tier Welsh clubs in earlier years, including his home town Pontnewydd and local teams Blaenavon and Pill Harriers, before joining Newport in 1919.
Jones was first selected for Wales in 1922 while representing Newport at club level. Evans first game was against England at the Cardiff Arms Park under the captaincy of Tom Parker. Wales scored a record eight tries against England and the selectors kept faith with Jones by giving him a place in the next game of the 1922 Five Nations Championship against Scotland. Wales drew with Scotland thanks to a late drop goal from Islwyn Evans. Jones played the last two games of the tournament, both resulting in Welsh victories giving Wales the Home Nation Championship.
Unlike many of the 1922 squad, Jones was reselected for future Welsh games when he was chosen for the 1924 Five Nations Championship. More surprising as Jones had been suspended in August 1922 by the Welsh Rugby Union for encouraging younger players to switch codes from rugby union to the professional rugby league game. This decision was later over-turned and Jones was allowed to play rugby union again. Jones played two more games for Wales, the first against England saw him record his first international points when he scored a try, though this was not enough to prevent an English victory, Wales losing 17-9. His final game for Wales was the disastrous game against Scotland which Wales lost 35-10, Jones being one of six players to never represent Wales again.
Jones faced two more international touring teams as part of the Newport squad. He played against the 1924 touring New Zealand team and the 1926 Maoris.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20797033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797033" title="Found (novel)">
Found (novel)

Found is a young adult science fiction novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It is the first book in The Missing series. It was published April 22, 2008.
Synopsis.
Plot summary.
Adopted child Jonah and his friend Chip Winston, who also learns that he is adopted, receive letters from an unknown person. The letters say “You are one of the missing” and “Beware!, They are coming to get you”. At first they take it as some kind of joke but soon to wonder more and more about who are their birth parents and why they got these letters. They decide that the best way to figure out is to go into Chip’s parent's safe. There they find a phone number to an FBI agent named James Reardon. Soon Jonah asks his parents if they can call the adoption agency and ask who his birth parents really are. They only tell his dad to contact the FBI to talk to James Reardon. Jonah, his parents, and his sister Katherine meet James Reardon.
 Right before they meet, a janitor gives Jonah a bottle of Mountain Dew. When they finally meet with James Reardon, he "tells" them Jonah was illegally adopted from a foreign country and might be deported. He refuses to tell them the country's name, though. When Jonah goes to the bathroom to throw up thanks to the Mountain Dew, another, younger janitor appears out of nowhere in the bathroom and tells him a file would appear on the desk by the time he got back. He tells Jonah to memorize as many names as possible. Back in the room, he distracts the adults while Katherine takes pictures of the documents. It turns out to be the addresses and phone numbers of 36 teenagers, including Chip and Jonah. It also includes the names of several adults, including a woman named Angela DuPre. They upload the pictures onto the computer. Chip and Katherine begin calling the numbers. The adults all hung up. Most of the kids turn out to live in the vicinity of Chip and Jonah. After a while they receive a letter from Angela DuPre, telling them to meet her at the library to talk about the things that are happening and get more information. At the library, Angela DuPre tells them that time travelers exist and that she had been researching. She tells them that she used to work at an airport, until an airplane, full of babies, appeared out of nowhere. After the babies were removed, the plane disappeared. She speculates that the babies on the plane were originally adults who were turned into babies by time traveling. Then a man breaks into the room and then the "janitor" from the FBI in the bathroom also comes in, tackling and fighting with an unknown man who seemed to have wanted from Chip and Jonah. Chip, Jonah, and Katherine escape through a window, but Angela stays behind for more information. Later, when they're leaving the library, they see Angela, who disappears into thin air. When they get home, they find out the lists of names was deleted from Chip's computer. Shortly afterwards, Jonah's mom receives a flyer in the mail advertising an adoption conference for teen adoptees and their parents. Jonah persuades his parents to let him bring Katherine along, too. At the conference, all the adoptees are divided into two groups, with Jonah, Chip, and all the kids on the list in one group, and everyone else in another. Jonah is very sad and depressed. Katherine pretends to be a girl named Daniella McCarthy to get into Jonah's group. The kids are led to a cave in the woods by two men named Gary and Mr. Hodge. Then the cave is transported to a place called a time hollow. The "janitor" from the FBI, whom Jonah, Chip, and Katherine have nicknamed JB, appears and attacks Gary and Mr. Hodge. Soon Angela arrives too. They find out that Gary and Hodge work for an organization called Interchronological Rescue, an organization dedicated to rescuing children from history, such as toddlers trapped in burning houses and people left for dead during the Bubonic Plague; taking them to the distant future; turning them into babies; and putting them up for adoption. The organization got greedy, however, and they started taking famous babies whose disappearances were noticed. Finally, when they were flying to the future with a load of babies, JB chased after the plane and caused it to crash in the twenty-first century. Gary and Hodge want to turn all the kids into babies and take them to the future, and JB wants to send them all back to their rightful places in history. Finally, JB sends Chip and another boy named Alex back to the fifteenth century, but Jonah and Katherine grab Chip's arms right before he disappears and find themselves falling backwards through time.
Characters.
Jonah has brown hair—presumably light brown—and pale skin with occasional freckles. He has big eyes and dimples. He is tall.
Katherine has wispy blond hair, brown eyes, and a ski-slope nose. She is slim, and we can assume she is at least average height or taller because of a line from the book saying she "shot up," when Jonah compares her to how she was before in his memory.
Chip has curly blond hair, long skinny legs, and "nostrils that flare out a little." Like Jonah, he is tall too.

</doc>
<doc id="20797038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797038" title="Compelling Evidence">
Compelling Evidence

Compelling Evidence is a crime novel by Italian American novelist Steve Martini as the first of the Paul Madriani series.
Written in 1992, published by Putnam, "Compelling Evidence" was a bestseller.
Plot.
Ben Potter is found dead; his wife, Talia, is indicted and arrested. She turns to brilliant criminal defense lawyer, Paul Madriani, her former lover, to defend her.

</doc>
<doc id="20797043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797043" title="2000 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
2000 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 2000 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 8th Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 10 to August 17, 2000 in Shanghai, China. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2001 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20797046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797046" title="Goliath (Walibi Holland)">
Goliath (Walibi Holland)

Goliath is a steel roller coaster located at the Walibi Holland theme park in Biddinghuizen, Dronten in the Netherlands. It is described as "the fastest, highest and longest coaster in the Benelux". It was mainland Europe's second Intamin "Mini Hyper Rollercoaster", so named as the ride is styled on the larger (generally over ) ride, but with a lower maximum height of . The train travels at speeds of up to along of track.
Ride information.
The roller coaster is another collaboration of Swiss manufacturer Intamin and German engineer Werner Stengel. It employs basically the same technology as Expedition GeForce with a cable lift hill, similarly set up trains and is set beside a lake. The ride premiered in the 2002 season.
Ride layout.
After climbing out of the station, the train is released from the catch car at the top of the lift hill and accelerates down the first drop and runs over a large hill. After dropping for the second time, it ascends a hill called a Stengel Dive, the top being overbanked to around 100° to the right, before dropping down into a 270° downward helix. After medium-sized curved hill, it negotiates a 380° upwards helix and a bend to take the track parallel to the lift hill. Before entering the brake run, riders experience considerable air-time on three bunny hops.
Trains.
Goliath has two trains with eight cars each. Each car seats two across in two rows. The trains are made of steel and have stadium-style seating. Restraints are hydraulic lap-bars.

</doc>
<doc id="20797057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797057" title="Grand Preceptor">
Grand Preceptor

Grand Preceptor, also referred to as Grand Master, was the senior-most of the top three civil positions of the Zhou Dynasty. The other two were Grand Tutor (太傅) and Grand Protector (太保), respectively. These three posts were the first posts to be known as the Three Excellencies. The position titles and duties of the Three Excellencies changed in later dynasties. The title of Grand Preceptor continued to be used during the later parts of the Han Dynasty, notably by Dong Zhuo, then Chancellor of State.
The rank was imitated in the Confucian structure of the Vietnamese court, where the same Chinese title in Vietnamese pronunciation was known as thái sư.

</doc>
<doc id="20797101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797101" title="Comprehensive Therapy">
Comprehensive Therapy

Comprehensive Therapy includes new findings in clinical diagnosis, pharmacology, treatment, and disease management. This journal assembles the information a clinician needs to practice state-of-the art medicine. This journal enables providers to understand current topics, as well as be better able to describe the criteria necessary for diagnosis, identify effective pharmacologic agents, educate patients about their own disease and the prognosis, and generally keep abreast of developments in each of these areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20797120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797120" title="Wyer House">
Wyer House

The Allemarinda and James Wyer House is a Victorian cottage beside Lake Minnetonka in Excelsior, Minnesota. It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. From 1925 through 1974, it served as the home for managers of the Excelsior Amusement Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20797124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797124" title="Lola T93/30">
Lola T93/30

The Lola T93/30 was the Formula One car built by Lola Cars and raced by the BMS Scuderia Italia team for the 1993 Formula One season. Scuderia Italia, which did not construct its own cars, had previously run Dallara chassis since its first season in , but team owner Beppe Lucchini elected to switch to Lola after an uncompetitive season.
However, the T93/30 proved to be the least competitive car on the 1993 grid. Its lack of success was to such an extent that Scuderia Italia opted not to compete in the final two Grands Prix of the season, and subsequently merged with the Minardi team for . As such, the T93/30 was the final F1 car to be raced solely by Scuderia Italia, and is also the last Lola chassis to have started a Grand Prix.
Concept.
Since its first race, the 1988 Brazilian Grand Prix, the Scuderia Italia team had competed in F1 with cars designed by the Italian racing car constructor Dallara, with occasional success. However, the previous year's Dallara 192 chassis, albeit a points-scorer, had generally been less competitive than hoped for. This was exacerbated by the fact that Scuderia Italia had made a deal with the Ferrari team to buy its engines that were more powerful than the Judd and Ford used in and before. However, the 1992 season resulted in no real performance gain despite the additional power, suggesting the chassis was at fault. By mid-season, Lucchini had signed a deal with Lola for the British company to take Dallara's place in designing and constructing chassis for his team's use, forming an organisation called "Lola BMS Scuderia Italia".
Lola had a strong F1 pedigree. Having built its first F1 car, the Mk4, for , the company had since built cars which had been run by the Honda, Embassy Hill, and Larrousse teams; the "Hondola" RA300 proving to be a race winner at the 1967 Italian Grand Prix. It was also up-to-date, as its most recent association with Larrousse had ended in , and had also built chassis for many other motorsport formulae. The partnership between Scuderia Italia and Lola was therefore seen as a long-term strategy to move the team to the front of the F1 field.
Construction.
The deal with Lola saw the firm, headed by Eric Broadley, construct the T93/30 chassis and gearbox in its base near Huntingdon, into which the Ferrari engine was then fitted. The chassis, produced around a carbon fibre monocoque, was a conventional design, and did not feature any of the electronic driver aids such as traction control and active suspension that were being adopted by the top teams during this period. The designation "T93/30" stood for "Type 1993", with the "/30" suffix indicating that it was an F1 car. Three T93/30s were used by the Scuderia Italia team during the course of the season.
Both of the team's 1992 drivers, Pierluigi Martini and JJ Lehto, had moved on over the winter, so an Italian duo of veteran Michele Alboreto and reigning International Formula 3000 champion Luca Badoer were signed for 1993. Lucchini also signed a sponsorship deal with the Chesterfield cigarette brand that saw the cars abandon their traditional all-red livery in favour of a white-and-red combination bisected by yellow zig-zags.
Racing history.
The T93/30's début at the 1993 South African Grand Prix proved difficult: Alboreto and Badoer qualified slowest of all in 25th and 26th positions respectively, and reported that problems with the car's aerodynamics made it "virtually undriveable". Both drivers retired from the race with mechanical problems. For the second round of the championship, the official withdrawal of the March team – who had already missed the first round of the championship – from the sport reduced the number of competitors from 28 to 26. Correspondingly, it was declared that only the fastest 24 qualifiers would be permitted to start the race. The teams unanimously chose to raise this to 25 to ensure that every team could qualify at least one car, but Scuderia Italia's position was still precarious. However, both cars managed to qualify for and then finish the race, with Alboreto eleventh and Badoer twelfth.
At the European Grand Prix, Badoer set the slowest time and failed to qualify for the race, whilst Alboreto took another eleventh place finish. However, Alboreto then failed to qualify for the next race at Imola and of the five races after that, failed to qualify four times compared to Badoer's once. During this period, Badoer took the T93/30's best finish of seventh (only one place outside the points-paying positions) after an attritional San Marino race, and a further fifteenth place finish in Canada, whilst the team's other starts resulted in retirements. At the British Grand Prix, Badoer's retirement with electrical failure resulted in the deployment of the safety car, as his abandoned car was judged to be in a dangerous position. The T93/30 was now established as the slowest car in the field, a situation that appeared to have a more negative effect on Alboreto than Badoer.
Prior to the German Grand Prix, the teams unanimously agreed to allow all of the drivers to qualify for the race. However, this made no difference to the T93/30's competitiveness, and the drivers continued to qualify and race near or at the back of the field. Reliability was slightly improved, however, and the team managed its second double-finish at the Belgian Grand Prix. In addition, Badoer made it to the finish for three races in a row, including a top ten result at Scuderia Italia's second home race in Monza. This event was judged to be the car's most competitive performance of the year, helped by the fact that the Ferrari engines were equipped with pneumatic valves for the first time.
However, there was disappointment in the Lola camp, because Michele Alboreto could have scored one point in that race if the car had not broken down.
By this stage, Lola and Scuderia Italia had already announced that they would split for , whilst Ferrari had also confirmed that it would no longer supply engines to the team. The relationship between Scuderia Italia and Lola had deteriorated, with each party blaming the other for the car's poor performance. Scuderia Italia even sent Sergio Rinland – who had designed the Dallara 188 used by the team in – to the Lola headquarters, only for him to be refused entry to the building. Following the Portuguese Grand Prix, with only two "fly-away" races held outside Europe remaining, Lucchini elected to end his team's campaign early. The T93/30's record thus stood at a combined 28 race entries with 21 starts and a best finish of seventh.
Legacy.
The T93/30 was a conventional car that was on reflection too conventional. Its aerodynamic performance was poor and resulted in unwieldy handling, whilst the Lola engineers failed to extract the potential power of the Ferrari V12 engine, instead finding that its torque was limited in low and medium-speed corners. The T93/30 was also handicapped by its lack of electronic driver aids. Indeed, Scuderia Italia was the only team not to be using any such devices by the time of the 1993 Canadian Grand Prix.
The T93/30's performance was a great disappointment to both Scuderia Italia and Lola, both of whom agreed that the undertaking had been a serious misjudgement in retrospect. Following the conclusion of the 1993 season, Lucchini opted to amalgamate his remaining sponsorship and facilities with the Minardi outfit, an Italian team which manufactured its own cars but was perennially short of money. The active association lasted for a further two seasons, with Lucchini winding down his involvement in before selling his remaining shares in . Although Scuderia Italia continues to exist in motorsport, the T93/30 was the final car to be raced by the team in F1.
Meanwhile, Lola elected to begin a full F1 programme without input from an existing team. In the team produced a T95/30 chassis which was tested by Allan McNish, but never raced in F1. Two years later, Lola entered into a financial partnership with MasterCard to form the MasterCard Lola F1 team. However, the construction of its T97/30 chassis was rushed and neither of the team's drivers qualified for the 1997 Australian Grand Prix. MasterCard Lola withdrew from the championship thereafter, meaning that the T93/30 is also the last Lola chassis to compete in an F1 race to date.
In January 2009, the motorsport magazine Autosport ranked the T93/30 in fifth position as part of a "top ten rubbish F1 cars list".
Complete Formula One results.
(key) (Results in bold indicate pole position; results in "italics" indicate fastest lap.) 

</doc>
<doc id="20797128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797128" title="Yorkville Sound">
Yorkville Sound

Yorkville Sound is a manufacturer of musical instruments, audio amplifiers (including the Traynor amplifier line), loudspeakers and related professional sound reinforcement equipment. Based in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, the firm has a global presence as an importer and exporter of audio electronic products.
Yorkville manages its original Traynor brand, its own Yorkville brand and has expanded to include other brands such as Apex, Applied Research and Technology (ART). Yorkville provides North American distribution for Hughes & Kettner guitar amplifiers as well as exclusive distribution for Epiphone guitars, Gibson guitars, Garrison guitars, Ritter bags, beyerdynamic microphones and Gallien-Krueger amplifiers.
History.
Yorkville Sound began in 1963 in the back room of Long & McQuade, a music store on Yonge Street at the edge of the Yorkville neighborhood across the termination of Yorkville Avenue. Peter Traynor was working as the business's repairman and had been customizing amplifiers to save time and costs by using readily available components. Through his experiences doing this, Traynor developed a rugged bass amplifier that was more resistant to the rigors of the road and began renting this new 'Dynabass' amp to customers. 
By the end of 1963, Traynor began selling his Dynabass amps along with matching 15-inch speaker cabinets, as well as public address (PA) speakers based on a reference book of 1930s RCA commercial loudspeaker designs. Traynor approached Jack Long, co-founder of the music store, with the idea of starting Yorkville Sound to sell Traynor-branded bass amplifiers and more. Long and Traynor partnered in the venture, with Long owning two-thirds and Traynor one-third. 
The line of products was sold with Traynor logos on the front and rear nameplates reading "mfg. by Yorkville Sound."
In 1965, Yorkville Sound incorporated as "Yorkville Sound Limited" with Long as President and Traynor as Vice-President. The operation moved to Dundas Street near Parliament in Toronto. In 1966, more products were introduced including the YVM-1 "Voice Master", a portable 45 watt tube amplifier combined with a four-channel microphone mixer. The Voice Master contained 1/4-inch phone jacks for PA speakers, a master volume control, treble, mid-range and bass tone controls and patching points for the TR-1, a spring reverb unit made by Traynor. The portable mixer-amplifier concept was a novel idea that quickly proved popular among musicians, and was the inspiration for the 1967 introduction of the competing "Vocal Master" product line by Shure.
In 1967, Yorkville moved to larger quarters three blocks down Dundas Street, and expanded distribution westward to Vancouver and southward into the United States via Buffalo, New York. In 1969, Yorkville began designing larger concert equipment including eight-, sixteen- and 24-channel mixers with a pair of integral graphic equalizers, an audio snake and heavy folded-horn "W"-style bass bins loaded with 18-inch drivers. The sound contracting business also designed and used wedge-shaped monitor speakers on stage for artists to hear themselves. Concurrently, Yorkville incorporated their Buffalo operation to create a US-based business entity: Yorkville Sound Inc.
In 1970, Philips, the major supplier of the 6CA7 tube used for nearly all of Yorkville's power output circuits, had changed the design of the tube without informing their customers. Because of this change, Yorkville was experiencing a wave of amplifier failures and was faced with the redesign of every amplifier in production. Pete Traynor was contracted to provide sound for a 1970 Toronto concert by the Steve Miller Band but during the performance, the new amplifiers Traynor had brought failed one by one. Pete Traynor caused enough of a commotion with the band's production crew that they carried him to a truck and locked him in the back. Jack Long got him out of the truck and, seeing how stressful it was and how it was not allowing Traynor to focus on the design and manufacturing side of the business, began to shut down the contract sound department, with its final concert date in 1971. Also in 1970, the Canadian dollar ceased to be pegged to the American dollar and US dealers found their Yorkville prices suddenly jump 10% higher, followed quickly by another 10% added due to a short-lived US surtax on imported finished goods.
In 1972, Yorkville expanded operations to Europe, opening offices in the UK and Sweden. In 1976, Peter Traynor left the firm, suffering from a bad back. The Traynor brand would be slowly phased out over the next 17 years until its reintroduction in 2000. Steve Long, son of founder Jack Long, began working full-time at Yorkville Sound in 1981. Steve Long would eventually progress through managerial positions to become company president. 
During the 1970s and 1980s, the company grew. Around 1981–1982, Yorkville Sound was contracted to fabricate loudspeaker enclosures for Martin Audio's North American market, saving Martin Audio the expense of shipping large, heavy cabinets across the Atlantic Ocean. In 1983, Yorkville Sound used their acquired experience in building enclosures to create their own "Sound Crew" line of concert speakers. In 1985, two new product lines appeared with the introduction of the "élite" series of portable loudspeakers with non-user adjustable 'black box' processing and the "Audiopro" line of electronic amplifiers. A thousand-watt subwoofer was brought out in 1986: the SW-1000.
A line of studio monitor speakers was created in 1991. In 1996, Yorkville introduced the "TX" line of concert touring loudspeakers. In 2001, Yorkville contracted with veteran designer Tom Danley to create the "Unity" line of loudspeakers which was introduced in 2003. The Unity design, licensed from Sound Physics Labs, Inc, uses multiple speaker drivers in the same physical horn to create better transient coherence between mid- and high-frequency passbands.

</doc>
<doc id="20797137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797137" title="Farm to Market Road 920">
Farm to Market Road 920

Farm to Market Road 920 or FM 920 is a Texas state road that runs from Bridgeport in Wise County through Boonsville, Poolville, and Peaster south to Weatherford in Parker County. The route was designated in either 1948 or 1949.
Junction list.
Note that the total mileage when listed by junctions does not agree with the total mileage certified by the Texas Department of Transportation because the number given by TxDOT does not include concurrencies.

</doc>
<doc id="20797141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797141" title="Palace Theatre (Columbus, Ohio)">
Palace Theatre (Columbus, Ohio)

The Palace Theatre is a 2,827-seat restored movie palace located at 34 W. Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. It was designed by Thomas W. Lamb and was built in 1926 as a part of the American Insurance Union (A.I.U.) Citadel (now the LeVeque Tower) complex. Today the theater functions as a multi-use performing arts venue. It is owned and operated by CAPA (The Columbus Association for the Performing Arts). The Palace Theater's "house" is considered separate from the Leveque Tower, while the Marquee and lobby are part of the Leveque complex.
History.
The Palace Theatre was designed by Thomas W. Lamb in his signature "Adam" style, reminiscent of the 18th century neo-classical work of the Scottish architects James and Robert Adam. The construction of the theater was personally supervised by vaudeville mogul Edward Albee of the Keith-Albee circuit. It opened in 1926 as the Keith-Albee Palace and featured live vaudeville along with silent feature films, an orchestra and a Wurlitzer theater organ. 
The dressing room tower in the backstage area was designed as a small hotel, complete with a “front desk,” where performers picked up their room keys and mail. Kitchen facilities and a children’s playroom were available. The dressing rooms are named after cities on the vaudeville touring routes. The under stage room includes an animal shower and small sanitary stable, along with a ramp built for hoofed animals to help facilitate their transport to and from the stage during the Vaudeville era.
In 1929, the Palace was renamed the RKO (Radio Keith Orpheum) Palace. The theater was closed as a movie theater by RKO in 1975. It was later renovated and preserved by owner Katherine LeVeque as a home for Opera Columbus and touring Broadway shows. In 1989, the Palace Theatre was purchased by the non-profit theater management company CAPA, which consolidated its administrative functions with those of the Ohio Theatre. The Palace now hosts performances by the Columbus Symphony Orchestra, the Jazz Arts Group, the Broadway Series, and scores of CAPA-sponsored shows.
While the insurance company behind the Citadel complex went bankrupt in the early 1930s, their financial mismanagement did not affect the day to day operations of the RKO Palace Theater.
The Palace's Wurlitzer organ was removed in the 1960s by the Central Ohio Theatre Organ Society and is now installed at Thomas Worthington High School in Worthington, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20797156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797156" title="West Texas Express">
West Texas Express

Santa Fe passenger trains 93 and 96 operated between Amarillo and Lubbock, Texas. The westbound train was called the West Texas Express while its eastbound counterpart was known as the Eastern Express. For much of their careers they were stand-alone trains, operating without connecting cars at either end of the run. During the early part of the 1950s they were motor-trains, the equipment being articulated motor car M-190. In 1955, Train 96 was renumbered 94 and the trains became conventional locomotive-hauled operations. Between 1955 and 1965, Trains 93-94 consisted of a baggage car, one or more lightweight coaches and a Chicago-Lubbock sleeper (either a 10-3-2 or a 6-6-4 car) that interchanged with the San Francisco Chief at Amarillo. Trains 93-94 were discontinued on June 19, 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20797158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797158" title="Pat Maloney">
Pat Maloney

Patrick William Maloney (January 19, 1888 – June 27, 1979) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Maloney played for the New York Highlanders in 1912. In 25 career games, he had a .215 batting average with 17 hits in 79 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Maloney was born in Grosvenor Dale, Connecticut, and died in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20797163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797163" title="Coral Gardens">
Coral Gardens

'Coral Gardens' is the title of the 1978 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Korallengärten', an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. The book was published by Harper Collins in the United States. It is the first of two book collections of underwater photographs, followed by Impressionen unter Wasser (Impressions under Water) in 1990.
Overview.
The book illustrations are the result of photos taken by Riefenstahl during her scuba diving trips in the Indian Ocean in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20797166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797166" title="1999 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1999 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1999 Asian Women's Handball Championship was the 7th Asian Championship, which was taking place from January 24 to January 29, 2000 in Kumamoto, Japan. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2000 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20797212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797212" title="Portuguese Expeditionary Corps">
Portuguese Expeditionary Corps

The Portuguese Expeditionary Corps (CEP, Portuguese: "Corpo Expedicionário Português") was the main military force from Portugal that fought in the Western Front, during World War I. Portuguese neutrality ended in 1916 after the seizure of German merchant ships resulted in Germany declaring war. The expeditionary force was raised soon after and included around 55,000 soldiers.
Background.
At the outbreak of the First World War, Portugal had declared its neutrality. The country remained neutral until 1916, though occasional skirmishes between Portuguese and German colonial troops occurred in Africa. In March 1916, the Portuguese Government seized a number of merchant ships belonging to the Central Powers which were anchored in Lisbon; the German government took this as a hostile act and declared war.
The Government announced it would raise an expeditionary force to fight on the Western Front, with the first units being raised by July. In early 1917, the force was split into two elements:
Initially, CEP was constituted as a single reinforced infantry division, organized according to the Portuguese model, in which divisions were much larger than the British ones. Subsequently, it was decided to reorganize the CEP according to the British model, allowing it to become an army corps of two divisions and corps support troops, just by adding some additional battalions. This new organization would allow it to have sufficient autonomy to be able to take the responsibility for an entire independent sector of the Western Front.
Deployment of the CEP.
The CEP was shipped to France in early 1917, where the first groups received training in trench warfare and were equipped with British small arms. The first units began to deploy in May, and a sector of the frontline was fully held by the CEP by November; by the end of October, just under 60,000 troops had been sent to France.
From the 6 November 1917, CEP took charge of the whole "Portuguese Sector" of the Western Front, with a total 18 km frontage. In accordance with the Ally practice, the Sector included three lines of defense. The 1st Line of Defense included the Front Line (A-Line), the Support Line (B-Line) and the Reserve Line (C-Line). The 2nd Line included the Village Line (brigade headquarters line) and the Corps Line. Finally, the Army Line formed the 3rd Line of Defense.
The Portuguese Sector was divided in four brigade sectors. Each brigade had two battalions in the front (each defending a sub-sector of the brigade sector), one battalion in support and another in reserve. Each of the CEP's two divisions controlled two brigade sectors, having a third brigade in reserve.
Combat service until the Lys.
CEP suffered the first German attack on the 4 June 1917, made against Neuve Chappelle sector. The attack was repelled by the 35th Portuguese Infantry Battalion, which had deployed to the front trenches just two days before. On the night of 12 June, a more intense German attack was carried out against Ferme du Bois and Neuve Chappelle sectors, being repelled by the 2nd, 3rd and 7th infantry battalions. 
On the 14 August, the Germans launched a strong attack against the Portuguese lines. After an intense artillery bombardment, a "Stosstruppen" battalion assaulted the Neuve Chappelle and Fauquissart sectors. In the defense against this attack, 2nd Lieutenant Hernâni Cidade of the 35th Infantry Battalion stood out, being able to capture several German prisoners, including the captain that led the assault. In another German assault on the 14 September, 2nd Lieutenant Gomes Teixeira, of the 7th Infantry Battalion, led a counterattack with his platoon, killing the German commander and other men and capturing four prisoners. Another 2nd Lieutenant, David Neto from the 4th Infantry Battalion, only supported by his orderly, captured an entire German patrol made up of one officer and seven men on the 13 December. For the actions of these officers, the A-Line (Front Line) became known by the Portuguese troops as the "Line of the 2nd Lieutenants".
These actions also made CEP one of the first units of First Army to comply with General Horne's request for the need to capture German prisoners for obtaining intelligence. This originated a commendation to the CEP from the First Army high command.
The First Army command recognized that the front of the Portuguese Sector was too long to be defended by only four brigades and reduced it to 12 km on the 22 December 1917. From then on and until the 6 April 1918, it was constituted, from left to right, by the brigade sectors of Fauquissart, Chapigny, Neuve Chapelle and Ferme du Bois.
Morale was low through the winter of 1917–1918, partly due to bad weather and partly due to a perception among the soldiers that there was no reason for them to be in France. In December 1917, the Portuguese government was brought down; Sidónio Pais was declared to be the new president. The new government called the Portuguese support for the Allies into question and made it easier getting furlough. Many officers used this opportunity. Another factor was that the UK used its whole transport capacity for American troops since April 1917 when the United States declared war to Germany. 
Another major problem was a gradual loss of manpower; by April 1918, 10% of the CEP's strength had become casualties, due to the constant attrition of front-line service, and almost half of the officers were missing. Replacements were not forthcoming, and so units became severely understrength; in order to cope, men were routinely denied leave, and units kept in the frontline for up to six months at a time, further lowering morale.
From January 1918, the German activity intensified. On the 2 March, a strong German attack was made against Chapigny and Neuve Chapele sectors, with a heavy artillery, gas, mortars and machine-gun fire preparation. At 5am, the Germans assaulted and took the Front Line, forcing the 4th Infantry Battalion to retreat to the Support Line. The Portuguese artillery reacted, launching about 1400 grenades against the Front Line. A counterattack made by the 4th Battalion, supported by 12th and 17th battalions, terminated the German attack. In this action, the Portuguese incurred 146 casualties and the Germans over 200.
Despite the difficulties, CEP, not only withstood the violent activity of the Germans, but even took the initiative. On the 9 March, under Captain Ribeiro de Carvalho, the 1st Company of the 21th Infantry Battalion, supported by a detachment of 25 sappers, launched a strong assault against the German lines in the Ferme du Bois sector area. In these assault, the Portuguese forces were able to kill and capture a great number of German soldiers and to demolish several enemy fortified positions, suffering themselves 20 casualties. On the 18 March, a company made up of 100 volunteers from the 14th Infantry Battalion, under the command of Captain Vale d'Andrade, assaulted the German positions on the Neuve Chapelle sector, capturing three prisoners.
CEP continued to have a proactive actitude until the pull back of its 1st Division. Just three days before that happened, on the dawn of the 3 April, a company of the 2nd Infantry Battalion, under Captain Américo Olavo, assaulted the positions of the German 81st Reserve Division in Chapigny sector, occupying its 1st and 2nd lines and demolishing them, before withdrawing under enemy artillery fire.
In April 1918, some cases of indiscipline began to be reported from amongst the men. These culminated in the mutiny of the exhausted 7th Infantry Battalion on the 4 April, the men from the unit refusing to return to the frontline, from where they had left just a few days before. The decision was then taken to pull the CEP out of the frontline and replace it with British units. On 6 April, the 1st Division was pulled back, with the British 55th (West Lancashire) Division extending its lines southwards to fill part of the gap and the 2nd Division taking up the remaining section of the line, now under the operational control of the XI British Corps. The 2nd Division itself, now holding twice the normal divisional frontage, was scheduled to withdraw on 9 April and be replaced by two British divisions. That morning, however, the Germans opposite launched a major attack, which would develop into the Battle of the Lys.
The CEP in the Battle of the Lys.
The morning of 9 April found the CEP's 2nd Division with its 4th Brigade (Minho Brigade) in the frontline at the North, its 6th Brigade at the Center and its 5th Brigade at the South. In a rear position, the 3rd Brigade (left as a reinforcement by the 1st Division) was in reserve.
At about the 4am, the Germans started the Battle of the Lys with a violent bombardment, that lasted about two hours, made by 1700 artillery guns concentrated in front of the Portuguese sector. Despite the tremendous disadvantage, the Portuguese artillery immediately responded to the fire with their 80 guns.
At 7am, eight German divisions (35th Infantry, 42nd Infantry, 1st Bavarian Reserve and 8th Bavarian Reserve in the first wave and 8th Infantry, 117th Infantry, 81st Reserve and 10th "Ersatz" in the second wave) attacked the Portuguese line, with a manpower of around 100,000 men against the 20,000 Portuguese defenders.
The 4th Portuguese Brigade (defending the northern sector, with the 8th and 20th infantry battalions in the front line, the 29th in support and the 3rd in reserve) was attacked by the 42nd German Division. The 8th Battalion, reinforced by the 29th, valiantly resisted in the first line to the assault. By the 8am, the left flank of the Portuguese forces started to be enveloped by the Germans, that penetrated by the gaps opened by the collapse and fall back of the 40th British Division's 119th Brigade. Under the German pressure, the Portuguese retreated to Laventie (4th Brigade's HQ), where they made the last stand, being overran by the 11am.
The 35th German Division assaulted the central sector, defended by the 6th Portuguese Brigade, quickly overruning its battalions in the front line (1st and 2nd battalions).
The southern sector was assaulted by the 1st and 8th Bavarian Reserve divisions. The 8th Bavarian Reserve overruned the 17th Battalion of the Portuguese 5th Brigade in the front line and the 11th Battalion of the 6th Brigade, which was in support. The 5th Brigade's 10th Battalion in the front line and the 4th in support were able to hold and slow the progression of the 1st Bavarian Reserve Division. Finally, the 1st Bavarian Reserve was able to reach the 5th Brigade's HQ in Canse du Raux, overruning it at 1pm, with the brigade commander, Colonel Manuel Martins, being killed in the combat.
By the 10:30am, the Portuguese artillery batteries – which never stopped to fire even after the infantry positions that defended them have been annihilated – started to be overran by the German forces. Most of them were able to resist and continue to fire until 11am.
The bulk of 2nd Division ceased to exist as a fighting formation, retreating in such disarray that the divisional HQ had to relocate twice on 9 April.
The mounted reserve held by XI British Corps was released to support the 3rd Portuguese Brigade in containing the German advance. The 1st King Edward's Horse and the 11th Cyclist Battalion were sent and joined the 13th (5th Brigade) and 15th (3rd Brigade) Portuguese battalions on the south end of the line, which held their ground until the next morning and prevented any further advances to the south or south-west. Here occurred the famous episode of the 15th Portuguese Battalion's soldier Aníbal Milhais (nickname "Soldier Millions") who, armed only with a Lewis gun, single-handedly defeated two German assaults by laying down intense fire, covering his Portuguese and British comrades, despite coming under heavy attack himself. The last group of these units, under the command of Captain Bento Roma of the 13th Battalion, was able to resist the Germans in Lacouture until the 11:45am of the 10 April.
The main gap in the line was filled by the deployment of the British 50th (Northumbrian) Division and 51st (Highland) Division.
It was later calculated that the CEP lost 400 dead and around 6,500 prisoners on 9 April, a third of its forces in the front line.
The verdict after the Lys.
The – overwhelmingly negative – historical verdict on the battle was epitomized by the comment that the Portuguese "ruined Ludendorff and saved their allies by running away"; whilst the German advance was superficially impressive, especially to begin with, it quickly lost momentum and stalled. However, it is likely that the collapse would have happened to any unit, not merely the weakened and demoralized Portuguese, as British troops in a similar position the previous month, in Operation Michael, had been overrun just as quickly. 
The reality is that the British high command transformed the Portuguese in the scapegoat to blame for their own faults, trying to ignore the fact that the CEP collapse was only a small part of the general collapse suffered by the British First and Fifth armies before the German Spring Offensive. There was an attempt to pass the simplistic and dualistic idea that the British units valiantly held the line, while the Portuguese units cowardly fled for the rearguard. The fact that the Portuguese had one third of their men killed or captured – including having all their frontline brigade commanders killed or captured in their HQs – is a simple evidence of the contrary. Had they fled to the rearguard, they could not have been killed or captured by the Germans on the frontline.
Subsequent actions of the CEP.
The remnants of the CEP were withdrawn for rear-area pioneer and security duties, though the 1st Division would later be returned to the front line for a short period. On the 16 June 1918, the 1st Division, complemented with British units, replaced the 14th British Division in the defense of the Liliers-Steenbekque line.
In September 1918, already under the command of General Garcia Rosado, the remnants of the CEP started to be reorganized in order to reenter combat. The objective was to form three brigades, composed of nine infantry battalions, that were to be organized with the remnants of the former CEP's original infantry units. By the end of October, four battalions were already combat capable. These four infantry battalions (I, IV, VIII and IX battalions), together with several artillery, engineers, heavy machine guns and other remaining CEP's units, participated in the Hundred Days Offensive. 
The last Portuguese combat action in World War I happened on the same day of the armistice. On the 11 November 1918, under the command of Captain Barros Bastos, the 4th Company of the IV Infantry Battalion (former 23rd Battalion of the 1st Division) made the last assault against the Germans on the passage of the Scheldt river, Belgium.
By the armistice in 1918, the CEP had lost 2,160 dead, 5,224 wounded and 6,678 prisoners – 14,000 casualties out of an establishment of 60,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20797213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797213" title="Hurt So Bad">
Hurt So Bad

"Hurt So Bad" is a classic 1965 ballad originally recorded by Little Anthony & The Imperials and re-recorded by numerous artists including Linda Ronstadt and The Lettermen.
The Imperials' original version.
Little Anthony & The Imperials' original version was taken from their album, "Goin' out of My Head". It was the follow-up to that album's smash-hit title song, and like that song, also became a Billboard Top 10 hit as well as a Top Five R&B hit. It was also performed by the group on their first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. It was written especially for The Imperials by Teddy Randazzo, a long-time friend of the group, along with Bobby Weinstein and Bobby Hart (Harshman), and was produced by Don Costa for his DCP record label, later absorbed by United Artists Records and re-released on its Veep Records subsidiary. A powerful, dramatic ballad recording, it has become one of The Imperials' best-known songs, and has inspired numerous cover versions by other artists, including hit versions by Linda Ronstadt, The Lettermen, and Jackie DeShannon, along with versions by Alicia Keys, Ramsey Lewis, The Delfonics, David Cassidy, Richard "Groove" Holmes, Grant Green, Willie Bobo, El Chicano, Nancy Wilson, Anne Renée (fr) (rendered in French as "Ça Fait Mal") and others. Philly Devotions hit #10 in 1976 on Billboard's Disco chart. (Joel Whitburn's Hot Dance/Disco Charts 1974-2003)
El Chicano version.
El Chicano released a cover of "Hurt So Bad" on their 1970 debut album "Viva Tirado". It was one of 9 songs on the album, including their first hit single "Viva Tirado".
Linda Ronstadt version.
Linda Ronstadt recorded a cover for her Platinum-certified album "Mad Love", and released the song as a single, with a scorching guitar solo by Danny Kortchmar. It stands as the most successful version ever recorded of the song, which peaked at #8 on the Hot 100 in 1980.
Little Anthony and the other Imperials, Sammy Strain, Ernest Wright and Clarence Collins, reunited in 1992 after a 17 year hiatus, and performed the song as part of a "greatest hits" medley on Dick Clark's "American Bandstand 40th Anniversary Special" and also on two PBS specials: "Rock, Rhythm and Doo-Wop", and "Soul Spectacular: 40 Years of R&B", in 2002 and 2003, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20797229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797229" title="List of the oldest buildings in Virginia">
List of the oldest buildings in Virginia

This article attempts to list the oldest extant buildings in the state of Virginia built by Europeans (English, French) and Native Americans. 

</doc>
<doc id="20797273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797273" title="County of Bregenz">
County of Bregenz

Bregenz is recorded as a county within the Holy Roman Empire between 1043 and 1160.
It was in possession of the "Udalrichinger", who took the titles of counts of Bregenz.
After 1160, Bregenz falls to the counts of Montfort-Bregenz (1160 to 1338), a cadet branch of the counts of Montfort, Montfort-Tettnang-Bregenz (1354 to 1451). After 1451, the title of count of Bregenz is held by the House of Habsburg and Bregenz is incorporated into the duchy of Austria. The nominal title of count of Bregenz was kept as one of the titles of the Austrian emperor until 1918.
Counts of Bregenz (Udalrichinger):

</doc>
<doc id="20797294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797294" title="Tralee GAA">
Tralee GAA

Tralee was a Gaelic Athletic Association Divisional Team from Tralee in County Kerry, Ireland. They won Kerry Senior Football Championship three times in a row in 1925, 1926, and 1927. They also won the Kerry Senior Hurling Championship in 1927.
Honours.
County Championship Winning Captains
Football
Hurling

</doc>
<doc id="20797337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797337" title="Donna Musil">
Donna Musil

Donna Musil is an American documentary filmmaker, writer and activist exploring the subculture of U.S. military brats.
She wrote and directed the award-winning 2006 documentary "Brats: Our Journey Home", a film about growing up the child of a military family and the effect it has on that child's adult life. She is also the founder of Brats Without Borders, a nonprofit organization dedicating to increasing awareness, celebration and support for military brats and other third culture children. 
The feature-length documentary is narrated by singer-songwriter Kris Kristofferson and features interviews with General H. Norman Schwarzkopf, author Mary Edwards Wertsch, psychotherapist Stephanie Donaldson Pressman, and numerous other adult brats, aged 20 to 70. The film has been screened in over 100 locations around the United States, and has to date been screened at 21 film festivals, winning five awards.
Musil is also a journalist and attorney by trade. An expert in the field of military brat studies, Musil conducts extensive Q&A sessions after screenings of her film and speaks on the topic with a variety of audiences, including current and adult brats, military, educational, corporate, and mental health care professionals.
Early life.
Musil was born into a career Army family on April 15, 1960. By the time she was eight, her father, Ltc. Louis F. Musil (deceased), a JAG lawyer and judge, had been away two years of her life, in the Vietnam War. Musil grew up in the very mobile lifestyle of an Army brat, moving frequently and never having a hometown. By the time she was sixteen, Musil had moved twelve times and lived on three different continents, including living in Georgia, Virginia, North Carolina, Korea, Germany, Kentucky, and San Francisco.
Musil attended three different high schools, her Ninth grade was spent at Taegu American High School in Taegu, Korea - her tenth grade at Ft. Knox, Kentucky - and after her father died of cancer two months after her 16th birthday, she finished her third and final year of high school at Columbus High School in Columbus, Georgia (graduating early).
She graduated from the University of Georgia with an A.B. in Journalism in 1981 and a Juris Doctor (Law Degree) in 1985, and is a member of the State Bar of Georgia.
Career.
Musil's career has included journalism, law, documentary film-making and writing. She worked as an on-air radio news director, an attorney with the AFL-CIO and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, and an executive assistant with Sony Pictures and Castle Rock Entertainment, before pursuing a full-time independent writing and filmmaking career in 1994.
She has served on the Board of Directors for Women in Film/Atlanta, and has won writer's fellowships to the Hambidge Center in Georgia, Fundacion Valparaiso in Spain, the Helene Wurlitzer Foundation in Taos, New Mexico, and Centrum Arts in Port Townsend, Washington. The Executive Director of the nonprofit organization Brats Without Borders, Musil currently lives in middle Georgia.
"Brats: Our Journey Home".
"Brats: Our Journey Home" is an award-winning documentary on the subculture of American military brats.
Conceptualization.
The idea for "Brats: Our Journey Home" took root during Musil's impromptu reunion with her Taegu American High School friends in Washington, DC in 1997. She then read all of the research available at the time, including Mary Edwards Wertsch's groundbreaking book "Military Brats: Legacies of Childhood Inside the Fortress", and Stephanie Donaldson Pressman's "The Narcissistic Family", which Musil reports, opened her eyes as to "why I was the way I was." Over the next 5 years, Musil conducted her own independent research, interviewing over 500 military brats of all ages, races, religions, and branches of service, along with other experts in the field, including Wertsch and Pressman.
Reception.
The documentary has to date been invited to 21 film festivals, winning five film awards. It continues to be shown in and near American and Canadian military communities in the U.S, Canada, and also at many locations on or near U.S. military bases overseas. Musil has announced that The Military Channel is planning to air the documentary in the near future.
Brats Without Borders.
Musil is also the founder of Brats Without Borders, a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting awareness of the lives, culture, issues and needs of current and former military brats. In 2008, Brats Without Borders launched the "BRATS Support Network & Discussion Forum", an on-line forum for brats and third culture kids of all ages. Musil continues to amass data on the effects of growing up military.

</doc>
<doc id="20797355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797355" title="1997 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
1997 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 1997 Asian Women's Handball Championship was the 6th Asian Championship, which was taking place from June 4 to June 9, 1997 in Amman, Jordan. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 1997 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20797365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797365" title="Moses Kotane">
Moses Kotane

Moses Mauane Kotane (9 August 190519 May 1978) was a South African politician and activist. Kotane was secretary general of the South African Communist Party from 1939 until his death in 1978.
Biography.
Early life.
Kotane was born in Tamposstad, Transvaal (now North West) to a devout Christian family of Tswana origins. He received little formal schooling prior to entering the workforce. In 1922 at the age of 17, Kotane began his working in Krugersdorp, where he worked in various jobs including as a photographer's assistant, domestic servant, miner, and bakery worker.
Trade unionism and early party politics.
In 1928, Kotane joined the African National Congress but left it, considering it weak and ineffectual. Later that year he joined the African Bakers Union, an affiliate of the new Federation of Non-European Trade Unions then being built by SACP. Kotane joined SACP a year later in 1929, soon becoming a member of the party's politburo. In 1931, he became a full time functionary of SACP. Within the Communist Party, Kotane worked on Umsebenzi, the party's newspaper. As a promising young party member, Kotane was sent to Moscow to study Marxism-Leninism at the International Lenin School. In Moscow, Kotane studied under Endre Sík, 1967 recipient of the Lenin Peace Prize and other Marxist theorists. Returning to South Africa in 1933, Kotane advanced through the Party until the point where he became the party's general secretary in 1939.
Political legacy.
Kotane was a well-respected member of the struggle for majority rule in South Africa by even non-communist leaders. Walter Sisulu credited him as a "giant of the struggle" because of his logical and non-dogmatic approach.
Kotane was also a leading member of the African National Congress at the same time as the SACP. With the African National Congress, Kotane served as Treasurer General from 1963 to 1973 when he was replaced by Thomas Nkobi. Kotane, representing the Communist Party, attended the 1955 Asian-African Conference in Bandung, Indonesia. From 1956 to 1961, Kotane was a defendant in the Treason Trial alongside fellow South African leaders Nelson Mandela, Albert Luthuli, Joe Slovo, Walter Sisulu and 151 others. Despite years of prosecution, none of the defendants, including Kotane, were convicted.
Later life.
Kotane suffered a stroke in 1968. Following the stroke, he went for treatment in the Soviet Union, where he died on 19 May 1978.
Honours.
Kotane was honoured with the Isitwalandwe Medal by the ANC in 1975. A local municipality is named after him in North West Province, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20797383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797383" title="Phenacolimax major">
Phenacolimax major

Phenacolimax major is a European species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae. 
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of Western European countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20797415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797415" title="2009 French Figure Skating Championships">
2009 French Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 French Figure Skating Championships were the French Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating on the senior level for the title of national champion of France. The results of the national championships were one of the criteria used to choose the French teams to the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships and the 2009 European Figure Skating Championships. The junior level synchronized championships were held during this competition; junior and novice level competitions for the other disciplines were held separately.
The 2009 Championships took place between 19 December and 21 December 2008 in Colmar. There was no compulsory dance segment of the ice dancing competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20797421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797421" title="Tyree Scott Freedom School">
Tyree Scott Freedom School

The Tyree Scott Freedom School is a nine-day summer educational program in Seattle, Washington for people aged 15–21, designed to expose them to social justice issues, and teach anti-racist community-organizing skills. Students are able to learn about the history of community organizing in Seattle. The project also facilitates a monthly gathering of anti-racist educators, whose goal is to end institutional racism in the education system.
Freedom School History.
Mississippi Freedom Summer 1964.
During the summer of 1964, thousands of young civil-rights workers traveled to Mississippi and other southern states to register black voters and organize community centers—the Freedom Summer. In addition, they staffed 28 Freedom Schools in Mississippi. Freedom Schools were created as schools of alternative education, to connect black youth and adults to education and community organizing, to develop their leadership, and teach the philosophy of the civil-rights movement. Freedom Schools also taught black history, reading, math, science, foreign languages, art, creative writing, and many other subjects that young people of color were otherwise were denied access to within Mississippi’s vastly inequitable public school system. Organizers aimed to enroll 1,000 students, but they ended up with more than 3,000.
Seattle Public Schools Boycott 1966.
On March 31 and April 1, 1966, about 4,000 mostly African American K-12 students and their families boycotted the Seattle Public School district to protest racial segregation in Seattle schools. Most of the students relocated from their public schools to community Freedom Schools.
The curriculum of the Seattle Freedom Schools included subjects that were not taught in Seattle Public Schools. There was an emphasis on teaching African American history and the history of the civil-rights movement. Freedom Schools also provided “leadership training youth to become a new generation of civil rights leaders,” said Dr. Earl Miller, a Seattle organizer with the NAACP and CORE.
Freedom School Revival 1997-2008.
People's Institute for Survival and Beyond.
"The People’s Institute for Survival and Beyond" was founded in 1980 by two long-time community organizers, Ron Chisom of New Orleans, Louisiana, and Jim Dunn of Yellow Springs, Ohio. The People’s Institute was created to develop more anti-racist, culturally-rooted and effective community organizers. Over the past 26 years, over 100,000 people have gone through the Undoing Racism / Community Organizing workshop created by the People’s Institute. The People’s Institute has built a large collective of anti-racist, multicultural community organizers who do their work with an understanding of history, culture, and the impact of racism on communities.
"The People’s Institute Youth Agenda" is an initiative of the People’s Institute. Its mission is to develop anti-racist, multicultural youth leadership, and to give youth a sense of their own power to organize. In 1997, the People’s Youth Agenda partnered with Black Males United for Change to successfully organize the first People’s Youth Freedom School, modeled after the Freedom Schools of the Civil Rights era. They adapted the People’s Institute Undoing Racism principles and analysis to create a five week summer program for 22 youth. The next year, in 1998, New Orleans youth organizers planned a six week Freedom School curriculum for over 40 youth participants. Each year since that time, the New Orleans Freedom School has continued to grow and develop.
Since that time, similar Freedom Schools have spread out across the country, reaching hundreds of children and youth, and creating a network of anti-racist organizers connected through the principles of the People’s Institute. Freedom Schools have been held in Minneapolis (MN), Atlanta GA), and Philadelphia (PN), with annual Freedom schools taking place in New Orleans (LA), Oakland (CA), Ferrell (PN), Duluth (MN), and Seattle (WA).
Tyree Scott Freedom School in Seattle.
Tyree Scott Freedom School History.
American Friends Service Committee.
Freedom Schools were revived in Seattle during the summer of 2001. In the late 1990s, due to the efforts of the People’s Institute in Seattle, the City of Seattle Undoing Institutional Racism Group, and their allies, there was renewed interest in challenging racial disparities within the education system. Two local groups which emerged from that effort were Youth Undoing Institutional Racism (YUIR) and Taking Care of Kids is Power.
The American Friends Service Committee (AFSC) was among the community organizations that mentored YUIR, which conducted regular sessions with youth on a variety of issues relevant to their lives. The AFSC is an international Quaker peace and justice organization. Its work is based on the Quaker belief in the worth of every person and faith in the power of love to overcome violence and injustice.
YUIR and Taking Care if Kids is Power tackled the lack of multicultural curriculum, and racial disparities in discipline and achievement in the Seattle Public Schools. Youth trained themselves and testified at City Council Hearings and School Board Meetings. Successful city-wide teach-ins organized by scores of parents, teachers and activists were conducted to focus on these issues. Out of these efforts momentum was built, and in collaboration with the People’s Institute, AFSC launched the first Seattle Freedom School in 2001. Dustin Washington, Community Justice Program Director (AFSC), and Katie Wepplo, Program Assistant (AFSC), served as the primary organizers. “We were inspired by the Freedom Schools taking place in Oakland and New Orleans,” Dustin says, “we saw that our young people were not being exposed to the social justice issues that effect their lives and wanted to offer an alternative to the mainstream public and private education experience.”
The 2001 Seattle Freedom School was a 5-day organizing workshop which taught about 20 youth and young adults about racism, sexism, homophobia, and social justice. Organizers worked to develop anti-racist community organizing skills in young people and develop their leadership in a respectful and caring environment.
In 2003, Freedom School was named in honor of the community organizer Tyree Scott, who died that year. For five decades Scott worked as a community organizer in Seattle, fighting discriminatory hiring practices, breaking through racial barriers in the trade unions, starting worker-to-worker programs which linked the struggle of American workers to workers overseas, and co-founding the Northwest Labor and Employment Law Office (LELO). In 1970 the American Friends Service Committee gave Tyree Scott financial support to start a new community-based organization that organized workers of color to fight discrimination in the unions and in the construction trades, called the United Construction Workers Association.
Since the inception of the Tyree Scott Freedom School in 2001, Dustin Washington has worked with other anti-racist community organizers to plan and facilitate the Tyree Scott Freedom School. Freedom School has become a central organizing effort to educate young people about the ways in which oppression and suffering manifests itself in their communities and in their lives, and what they can do to challenge it. The impact of Freedom School on individual participants ranges from profound and life-altering to marginally enlightening. In many cases, the benefits of this form of education will not be immediately apparent, but come about as the individual goes back into his/her own life and starts making connections between their real-life experiences and what they learned in Freedom School.
Freedom School gives young people a sense of their own power to change the world and a deeper understanding of their day-to-day experiences living within a racist society. Students and facilitators who participate in Freedom School often become involved in other aspects of community organizing with a number of different organizations. This also works in reverse, when groups and individuals become familiar with Freedom School through their involvement in other activities they in turn participate and become supporters of Freedom School.
Today Freedom School is facilitated almost entirely by former participants who have taken leadership over its development. Former Freedom School students and facilitators are engaged in anti-racist community organizing at Stanford University, in Philadelphia, PA, in Camden, NJ, at Western Washington University, at the University of Washington, and elsewhere.
Tyree Scott Freedom School Purpose.
There is great need for Freedom School programs. Alternative, community-based education is essential because the mainstream school system continues to fail to meet the needs of students and families of color and does not teach young people about the issues most relevant to their lives. The mission of The Freedom School is to be a community-driven school where powerful and transformative popular education and learning are the norm and not the exception; where the whole person (body, heart, mind and soul) and the whole community are supported and challenged; where undoing racism, social justice, experiencing new worldviews, nonviolence and environmental sustainability are the curricular focus; and where diversity among individuals and communities and the unique developmental journey of each person is honored and celebrated.
Most Tyree Scott Freedom School students are enrolled in the Seattle Public School District, which is the largest public school system in Washington State, having 45,572 students enrolled for the 2008–2009 school year. Of those students 43.0% are White and 57.0% are non-white. 35.8% of students do not live with both parents, 39.2% are eligible for free or reduced-lunch, 23.7% of students are Limited English and Equal English, and 14% of all students received special education services. These numbers are based on enrollment in 12 regular high schools, 10 middle schools, 9 K-8 schools, 58 elementary schools and 15 self-contained alternative schools including special education programs (Seattle Public Schools Homepage).
There is a direct correlation between the breakdown of the education system and the booming criminal justice system. Youth who are expelled from or drop out of school are much more likely to become involved in the juvenile justice system. In prisons across this country African-Americans make up 85% of the prison population, and have a 50% high school drop-out rate. In 2004–2005 the dropout rate for African American high school students in Seattle was almost twice that of white students, 21.1% compared to 11.9%. Underfunded schools, lack of resources, lack of teachers of color, lack of guidance counselors, biased standardized testing, inequities in the tracking system, disparities in discipline, and cultural incompetency all contribute to this brutal reality.
Studies have shown that standardized testing is culturally biased. Factors such as race, class, school, learning environment, and the amount of resources available have great influence on students’ performance on these tests. In the Seattle School District, students take two major standardized assessment tests: the WASL (Washington Assessment of Student Learning) and SAT‘s (Scholastic Aptitude Test). The WASL is administered at the 3rd, 8th, and 10th grade levels, with 10th grade test scores determining eligibility for graduation. In 2006, 3/4 of the state’s African-American population who took the 10th grade WASL failed at least one of the subjects required to graduate. Two-thirds of the Native American population were not on track to earn a high-school diploma. Neither were more than half of Latinos. High-stakes standardized tests are not a solution the breakdown of the education system. They increase the barriers for low income students and students of color to succeed, encourage schools to alter curriculum to match standardized tests, and take resources away from other programs to pay for testing and test prep.
Cultural competence and cultural ways of learning are not highly valued in today’s classroom. Individual merit and competition are. White students and students of color will often have the same disruptive behaviors in class, however white students will be labeled as bored and gifted therefore seen to need advanced placement, while students of color are seen as disruptive, disrespectful and placed into Special Education. Many parents of color don’t have the time or resources to fight these decisions.
The Seattle Public school system tracks students into standardized categories at an early age, and once students are tracked into the lower levels it is difficult to get out of them. By the time they reach high school, all students are tracked into: advanced placement, honors, regular classes, or special education. African-Americans and American Indians are grossly overrepresented in special education programs. American-Indians represent 2.2% of the population however made-up 18.2% of special education students in 2006-2007. African-Americans and Asian-Americans are 22% of the population however in 2006-2007 African-Americans made-up twice that number in special education. Studies show that students of color and poor students who are tracked and marginalized into emotional and behavioral programs receive less instruction and are viewed as the most difficult. Students in special education are suspended and expelled at double the rate of peers.
Next, we will look at discipline as a foot of oppression on students of color. There are three different discipline actions in Seattle Public Schools: short-term less than 10 days, long-term lasts until the end of a semester, and expulsion. Across all ages levels African Americans have the highest rates of disciplinary actions of all types. Compared with white students, African Americans were nearly twice as likely to receive short-term suspensions, and more than twice as likely to receive long-term suspensions. During the 2006-2007 Latino/Chicano-Americans were right behind African Americans with similarly high rates of expulsions. The no-tolerance policy that many schools have adopted can easily lead to the criminalization of trivial classroom behavior. Students are labeled as problem children, and youth with multiple suspensions and/or expulsions, are much more likely to drop out of school, commit a crime, and enter the criminal justice system.
Societal conditioning teaches to focus on the individual and say that it’s the individual student’s fault or the family's fault that a child is failing, without examining any of the deeper systemic reasons that students of color are disproportionately dropping out of the school system. Tyree Scott Freedom School curriculum challenges young people to critically examine these systemic obstacles and work against institutional racism in the education system. Young people discuss disparities in school funding and resources, the lies that they are taught about United States history, the culture of the classrooms, the bias of standardized tests, and the effects of tracking.
Tyree Scott Freedom School Curriculum.
The Tyree Scott Freedom School currently occurs during winter and summer breaks and on several weekends. Curriculum reflects the desire to follow in the footsteps of the Freedom Schools of the 1960s and learn from current Freedom School programs in other cities around the country. Whereas civil rights era Freedom Schools dealt primarily with legalized segregation, Tyree Scott Freedom School focuses on addressing the culture of institutional racism.
Curriculum is based around the Undoing Racism principles of the People’s Institute including: learning from history, sharing culture, developing leadership, maintaining accountability, networking, understanding power and gate keeping, and undoing internalized racial oppression. Participants analyze why people are poor, develop power analyses, define racism, learn principles of organizing, learn African American, Native American, Latino and Asian history, and discuss intersections of racism with sexism and heterosexism (homophobia).
Freedom School students participate in various field trips. An environmental-justice tour of South Seattle exposes the effects of environmental racism to local communities. Youth visit: a Duwamish river Superfund site, Mara Farms community garden, and the former site of Longs Paint Co. in South Park, a factory that local residents (suffering from asthma and other pollution-related health problems) organized to have removed. A tour of the International District (historic Chinatown) visits Danny Woo community garden, the Bulosan Memorial Exhibit, and the Panama Hotel, which provides a unique glimpse at items left behind by Japanese Americans who were interned during WWII and never returned to Seattle to claim their belongings. A tour of El Centro de la Raza exposes youth to the rich local history of Latino organizing, including the peaceful occupation of the Beacon Hill School in 1972. A Black Panther Party tour of the Central District takes youth to the former headquarters of the party, exposes them to the Ten Point Platform, and gives them the opportunity to questions of Aaron Dixon, former Black Panther and founder of the Seattle chapter.
Curriculum also incorporates: understandings of internalized racial oppression developed by the People's Institute, ideas around post-traumatic slavery developed by Dr. Joy Leary, and understandings of cultural racism developed by Dr. Edwin Nichols.
Curriculum is specifically designed to reflect the needs of the participants, young people between the ages of fifteen and twenty-one. 85% of the youth who attend are low-income and are youth of color. Although the majority comes from Seattle, youth from across Washington State often come as well. Freedom School is free to attend and breakfast snacks and lunch are provided each six-hour day. All participants must stay the entire time, because each activity builds on the previous one and an important goal is for the group to develop a common language and understanding around the issues they discuss.
Freedom School curriculum is inclusive and interactive with small breakout groups, physical activities, and lots of discussion time. In mainstream schools children are often not expected to be able to pay attention. Even on longer, less interactive days, facilitators have high expectations of Freedom School participants to continue to pay attention and treat everyone with respect. The young people usually have no difficulty when the activities truly apply to their lives.
Freedom School also presents opportunities for young people to meet with and hold discussions with community and national leaders. In 2006, for example, Freedom School students met in small groups with Seattle City Council members; King County Commissioners; representatives from the foster-care system, and experienced community organizers. This gave the young people a chance to speak truth to power, ask hard questions of community leaders, and utilize the information that they learned through Freedom School.
Tyree Scott Freedom School in the Future.
Tyree Scott Freedom School organizers work towards making Freedom School a year-round, institutionalized alternative school using its own methodology of popular-education-style teaching that will truly engage young people around their experiences. Organizers are working to develop a core of teachers fully equipped as multicultural educators, involve families and community in the education process, and advocate a holistic approach to education which incorporates service learning and a global perspective.
In a community-driven process, Freedom School organizers are developing a curriculum for accreditation by the Washington State Office of Public Instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="20797422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797422" title="George Throckmorton">
George Throckmorton

Sir George Throckmorton of Coughton Court (bef. 1489 – 6 August 1552) was an English politician and a member of Parliament during the reign of Henry VIII. Born by 1489, he was the eldest son of Sir Robert Throckmorton of Coughton Court by Catherine Marrow, daughter of Sir William Marowe or Marrow, Lord Mayor of London.
The Throckmortons took their name from a manor in the parish of Fladbury, Worcestershire, where in the 12th century they were tenants of the Bishop of Worcester. They acquired Coughton, in Warwickshire, by marriage in the early 15th century.
Overview.
Sir George Throckmorton was born in Worcestershire and was to claim when seeking office there that the greater part of his inheritance lay in that shire, but his father seems to have made Coughton Court the family seat and George was to be the first of his line to sit in Parliament as knight of the shire for Warwickshire; his grandfather had done so for Worcestershire. George's father, Robert Throckmorton, soldier, courtier and Councillor to Henry VII, sent his eldest son to the Middle Temple, which George entered on the same day as a Northamptonshire kinsman, Edmund Knightley; before his death in Italy while on pilgrimage to the Holy Land, Sir Robert had seen his son launched at court and in local government and in enjoyment of numerous leases and stewardships.
This early advancement may have owed something to Throckmorton's marriage to a daughter of another courtier, Sir Nicholas Vaux, whose stepson Sir Thomas Parr, comptroller of the Household to Henry VIII, was the uterine brother of Throckmorton's wife, Katherine. Throckmorton served with his father in the French war of 1513 as captain of the Great New Spaniard. Seven years later he was present at the Field of the Cloth of Gold, which he had been in part devised by his father-in-law. Vaux appointed Throckmorton one of his executors and as such in September 1523 he was commissioned to deliver Guisnes to William, first Baron Sandys of the Vyne.
Politics.
During the 1520s, Throckmorton seems to have attached himself to Wolsey, although the first notice of their connection does not suggest a happy relationship. In July 1524, Throckmorton, styled of Olney, Buckinghamshire, was bound in 100 pounds to appear before the Council and to pay whatever fine the Cardinal should impose. The connection may have been made through his uncle Dr. William Throckmorton, a trusted servant of the Cardinal whose name appears on important papers relating to embassies and treaties and who was a master in Chancery by 1528. The younger Throckmorton engaged in some land transactions with Wolsey. Thus when in 1525 Wolsey had license to dissolve several small and decayed monasteries in order to endow his new college at Oxford, one of them, the Buckinghamshire priory of Ravenstone (three miles from Olney), passed on a 100-year lease to Throckmorton for a rent of 100 marks. As Wolsey was seeking further land and Throckmortons a reorganization of his estates - in particular he had his eye on Sir William Gascoigne's manor of Oversley, Warwickshire - he suggested to the Cardinal an exchange of several manors, including Ravenstone, for Oversley and some neighboring manors. The plan did not materialize, but in May 1528, Throckmorton sold Ravenstone to Wolsey at 20 years purchase. He evidently felt that he deserved well of the Cardinal, for in April 1528, on the death of Sir Giles Greville - and curiously, at a time when his own imminent death was rumoured - he asked for Greville's office of comptroller to Princess Mary, and three months later, on the death of Sir William Compton, he sought to become sheriff and custos rotulorum of Worcestershire, steward of the see of Worcester and (as his great-grandfather Sir John Throckmorton had been) under treasurer of England. Although the shrievalty went to Sir Edward Ferrers, later Throckmorton's fellow-knight for Warwickshire, he was successful in respect of the stewardship.
It cannot have been, as he says it was, 'shortly after' receiving this tribute from Sir Thomas More that he discussed the Acts of Annates, Appeals and Supremacy, and the Petrine claims, with Bishop Fisher, who referred him to Nicholas Wilson, once the King's confessor, although it may well have been after the Act of Supremacy (26 Hen. VIII, c.I) that he made his own confession to Richard Reynolds, 'the Angel of Syon', (Throckmorton had at least one other connection with the Bridgettines of Syon Abbey, his kinswoman Clemence Tresham, sister of Sir Thomas, having entered the order by 1518). Both Fisher and Wilson conceded that if he were sure nothing was to be gained by his speaking out in Parliament, 'then I might hold my peace and not offend', but Reynolds added that he could not know beforehand whether others might not follow his example if he should 'stick in the right way'.
Throckmorton also admitted to reporting a conversation he had with Thomas Dingley, a knight of St. John, to his brother-in-law, Sir Thomas Englefield at Serjeants' Inn as well as, he believed, to Sir William Barentyne and Sir William Essex. He had been in the habit of meeting with Barentyne, Essex and other members, including Sir Marmaduke Constable and Sir John Giffard (whose son Thomas Giffard married Throckmorton's sister, Ursula), at the Queen's Head to discuss parliamentary affairs.
Sir George Throckmorton was also associated with Sir Marmaduke Constable in the Parliament of 1529 and is mentioned in the notes under other Sir Marmaduke Constable. The relationship between these Constable's needs to be clarified.
Robert Beale, Clerk of the Privy Council, added a note on his copy of a letter from Thomas Cromwell, 'I have heard that the cause was touching the denouncing of the Queen Catherine dowager first wife to King Henry the 8th'. It is interesting to speculate on the source of Cromwell's (and Beale's) knowledge of the episode.
During the interval of 50 years no less than a dozen of Throckmorton's descendants sat in the Commons, although only one of them, his grandson Job Throckmorton, was a Member in 1586. At the time of Cromwell's intervention, Job Throckmorton was himself in deep trouble for having maligned James VI of Scotland in a speech to the House, a misfortune which could have well have revived the memory of his grandfather's brush with an earlier monarch. There was even one Member in 1586, Sir Francis Knollys, whose career in the Commons had begun in the Parliament of 1529 (to which he had been by-elected by 1533) and who could have remembered the episode.
Religion.
Sir George Throckmorton opposed Henry VIII's break with Rome. Of the King's divorce and pending marriage to Anne Boleyn, Sir George said that the King had 'meddled with both the mother and the sister'. He had to bring his aunt Elizabeth, Abbess of Denny, to live with him when her convent was closed in 1537 under the Dissolution of the Monasteries, making 25 nuns homeless. She brought with her a dole-gate, through which help was given to the poor, and upon which her name is carved. This can still be seen today in the Dining-Room.
He consistently opposed the changes in religion, and although the vast majority of his 19 children and 112 grandchilden were ardent Catholics, there were some who were staunch Protestants, including his sons Clement, who founded a puritan family branch, and Sir Nicholas, who was unfortunate enough to be an avid champion of Protestantism during the reign of Mary I (although it is written that his Protestantism was said to wax and wane). Sir Nicholas was found not guilty on a charge of treason in connection with Thomas Wyatt's rebellion (he was freed, but the jury was arrested), and went on to be a minor player in the court of Queen Elizabeth, bringing her the ring as proof of her sister's death, and acting as an emissary to Mary, Queen of Scots.
Rebellion.
Before 1536 was out, Throckmorton was in worse trouble. He had come to London in Nov to transact legal business and falling in with an old friend, Sir John Clarke, had rashly discussed the demands of the rebels in the North; whereas Throckmorton had only seen the printed answer to the Lincolnshire rebels, Clarke had a manuscript account of Aske's new demands and sent Throckmorton a copy of it.
While on the way to keep an appointment with Sir Anthony Hungerford at Essex's house in Berkshire, Throckmorton met Thomas Vachell who convinced him of the danger of possessing the document, which he thereupon burned at Reading. Passing the night at Englefield, he received a further warning and then went on to Essex's house where he learned the full story of Gunter's foolhardiness. Both he and Essex were soon in the Tower. Cromwell then sat out to collect all possible evidence of their treasonable behavior. For a while both his life and Essex's hung in the balance: on 14 Jan 1537 John Husee reported as much to Viscount Lisle, and one of Throckmorton's family was later to write that his foes 'gaped to joint his neck'.
The charges, however, could not be sustained and Throckmorton was released. Sir Thomas Dingley, whose execution two years later makes him accounted a Catholic martyr, revealed what Throckmorton had told him of the earlier episodes. When Throckmorton was again taken into custody, his wife appealed for advice to her half-brother William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Horton, who may have persuaded him to make a confession.
Later life.
As early as July 1538 his kinsman, Richard Rich, could suggest that he should receive building materials from the dissolved Bordesley Abbey, Worcestershire.
His part in the toppling of Cromwell in 1540 is too obscure, and may have been too small, to be given much weight. The fall of Cromwell did enable Throckmorton to acquire several properties which he had long coveted, including Oversley, and so to continue the consolidation of his estates which had been one of his principal concerns since his succession. He
also built up extensive leasehold interests and acquired several valuable wardships, including that of Richard Archer whose execution for murder gave Throckmorton the opportunity to buy from the crown his most valuable property, Tamworth.
Throckmorton lived to see some of his younger sons occupy high office in the state and others comfortably established. During his lifetime he settled small freehold estates on most of his younger sons and by his will of 20 Jul 1552 he left Kenelm an annuity of £40, (£ as of ),
Nicholas and Clement annuities of £20 each, and Clement a further £400 (£ as of ), for land purchase. The eldest son Robert had control of part of his inheritance, the manors of Sheldon and Solihull, from his second marriage in 1542, and by the will he obtained a full third of the estate and the reversion of two manors after the executors had held them for three years for the payment of debts: the residue was settled on the widow for life. At his death, Throckmorton is said to have had 116 living descendants, including among his grandsons such diverse figures as Job Throckmorton and William Gifford, Archbishop of Rheims and first Peer of France.
Death and legacy.
Throckmorton died on 6 Aug 1552 and was buried in the stately marble tomb which he had prepared for himself in Coughton church. The most impressive monument which he left, however, was the gatehouse of Coughton court. Throckmorton spent most of his life rebuilding the house: in 1535 he wrote to Cromwell that he and his wife had lived in Buckinghamshire for most of the year, ‘for great part of my house here is taken down’. In 1549, when he was planning the windows in the great hall, he asked his son Nicholas to obtain from the heralds the correct tricking of the arms of his ancestors’ wives and his niece by marriage Queen Catherine Parr. The costly recusancy of Robert Throckmorton and his heirs kept down later rebuilding, so that much of the house still stands largely as he left it.
Marriage and Family.
In 1512 Throckmorton married Katherine Vaux, the eldest daughter of Nicholas Vaux, 1st Baron Vaux of Harrowden and Elizabeth FitzHugh, by whom he had eight sons and nine daughters. Through Katherine's mother's first marriage to William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal, Katherine's maternal half-siblings were Sir Thomas Parr, father of Queen consort Catherine Parr; William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Horton; John Parr, esquir; and Anne Parr, Lady Cheney.
Issue:

</doc>
<doc id="20797424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797424" title="Aspidistra nikolaii">
Aspidistra nikolaii

Aspidistra nikolaii is a plant species of the genus "Aspidistra" that was one of the new 21 species of plants and animals recently discovered in the Annamite Range of central Vietnam. It was named after a late Russian botanist named Nicolai Arnautov. It has a dark blue flower that is almost black.

</doc>
<doc id="20797507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797507" title="Lokalavisene Oslo">
Lokalavisene Oslo

Lokalavisene Oslo AS is a Norwegian media company. Owned 100.0% by Edda Media, it publishes the Oslo-based local newspapers "Nordstrands Blad", "Østkantavisa", "Lokalavisen Groruddalen", "Lokalavisen Frogner/St. Hanshaugen", "Nordre Aker Budstikke" and "Ullern Avis Akersposten". The company employs two editors-in-chief, who are responsible for three newspapers each.
Its main competitor is "Aftenposten Aften".

</doc>
<doc id="20797510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797510" title="Dhenve Lake">
Dhenve Lake

Dhenve Lake ( meaning Lake of the Sheeps) is a small mountain lake in the north of Albania. Dhenve lake is situated in the Prokletije range near to the border with Kosovo. Dhenve Lake is shaped perfectly like a circle, and the river that originates from it flows down into the Gashi River.It has an area smaller than 1 hectares.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20797546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797546" title="Heeresfeldbahnlokomotive">
Heeresfeldbahnlokomotive

A Heeresfeldbahnlokomotive is the German term for a special wartime locomotive ("Kriegslokomotive") for employment on military field railways ("Heeresfeldbahnen"), railways usually designed to transport military supplies to the front line.
Preserved.
German "Heeresfeldbahnlokomotiven" preserved in Germany after the Second World War:
in Austria.
Many "Heeresfeldbahnlokomotiven" were left in Austria after the war; as a result many of these locomotives were used by Austrian railway companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20797548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797548" title="Vertex cycle cover">
Vertex cycle cover

In mathematics, a vertex cycle cover (commonly called simply cycle cover) of a graph "G" is a set of cycles which are subgraphs of "G" and contain all vertices of "G". 
If the cycles of the cover have no vertices in common, the cover is called vertex-disjoint or sometimes simply disjoint cycle cover. In this case the set of the cycles constitutes a spanning subgraph of "G". A disjoint cycle cover of an undirected graph (if it exists) can be found in polynomial time by transforming the problem into a problem of finding a perfect matching in a larger graph.
If the cycles of the cover have no edges in common, the cover is called edge-disjoint or simply disjoint cycle cover.
Similar definitions may be introduced for digraphs, in terms of directed cycles.
Properties and applications.
Permanent.
The permanent of a (0,1)-matrix is equal to the number of cycle covers of a directed graph with this adjacency matrix. This fact is used in a simplified proof of the fact that computation of the permanent is #P-complete.
Minimal disjoint cycle covers.
The problems of finding a vertex disjoint and edge disjoint cycle covers with minimal number of cycles are NP-complete. The problems are not in complexity class APX. The variants for digraphs are not in APX either.

</doc>
<doc id="20797550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797550" title="Los Angeles mayoral election, 2009">
Los Angeles mayoral election, 2009

The 2009 election for Mayor of Los Angeles took place on March 3, 2009. Incumbent mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa was re-elected overwhelming and faced no serious opponent. Since Los Angeles holds nonpartisan elections, there was no Democratic or Republican primary. Villaraigosa would have faced a run-off against second place-finisher Walter Moore had he failed to win a majority of the vote.
Villaraigosa won the election despite having generally unfavorable approval ratings. He was credited with winning because more well-known and better-funded candidates, such as developer Rick Caruso, declined to run.

</doc>
<doc id="20797568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797568" title="The Missing (novel series)">
The Missing (novel series)

The Missing is a series of fictional young-adult novels written by Margaret Peterson Haddix about famous children in history who were stolen by futuristic time travelers from their place in time and accidentally sent to the twenty-first century as babies. Being one of the missing children, adopted thirteen year old Jonah, along with his sister Katherine (not adopted), must help return the other missing kids to their rightful places in history and fix time before it is destroyed forever. The first book in the series, "Found", was published on April 22, 2008. The series continued with book titles "Sent", "Sabotaged", "Torn" and "Caught". The sixth book, "Risked", was originally entitled "Kept" and was released September 3, 2013. According to Haddix, the series will finally consist of eight books. The tentative titles for the last two books are "Revealed" and "Redeemed", respectively. 
Found.
In the first book of the series, thirteen-year-old Jonah had always known that he was adopted and had never thought much of it until he began receiving strange messages. When Jonah's friend Chip also learns that he is adopted, Jonah, Chip and Jonah's sister Katherine come to realize that Jonah and Chip are important missing children from history who were transported to the twenty-first century by baby smuggling time travelers. Later, they are unknowingly lured into a cave with all but one of the other 36 missing children in an attempt by the smugglers to take them to future. After they have defeated the smugglers, another time traveler from the future known to them as JB decides to send Chip and another boy, Alex, back to the 1480s, where they were originally taken from. While trying to stop him, Jonah and Katherine are accidentally taken along for the trip as well, leaving it up to them to save their friends and return to the twenty first century. Chip is King Edward V
"Found" was released April 28, 2008.
Sent.
In this book, Jonah, Katherine, Chip, and Chip's real brother, Alex, have one warning of disaster before they are sent back to 1400s to the Tower of London, with the promise that they can return to their home in the twenty-first century if they can repair history. They quickly discover that Chip and Alex's true identities are Edward V and Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York. But before Chip can enjoy being the King of England, they discover that they are virtually prisoners—and that the boys' uncle, King Richard III, wants them dead. Jonah and Katherine must repair time and save Chip and Alex from their certain deaths before it is even possible that they can return home.
And another summary is:
Jonah and Chip barely have time to adjust to the knowledge that they are missing children from history when Chip and another boy, Alex, are hurtled back to their rightful time period. Desperate not to lose their friends, Jonah and Katherine grab on for the ride. When they arrive in London in 1483, Chip and Alex finally learn their true identities: the missing princes from the Tower of London! JB promises that if the kids can set history right, they can return home to their present-day lives.
"Sent" was released August 25, 2009.
Sabotaged.
In this third volume of the series, Jonah and Katherine return Andrea, identified as the missing child Virginia Dare, to 1600, her correct time period from where she was kidnapped. (BTW: Jonah falls in love with Andrea.) During their time journey, the device used for their time travel, called an Elucidator, is lost, causing the children arrive not certain as to where or when they are. They eventually piece together clues to find that their attempt to fix time by sending Andrea back is being thwarted by a man who calls himself Second. Along the way they save the life of Andrea's 16th-century grandfather, John White and meet two of the other missing children, Brendan and Antonio, who were mysteriously sent back to their original time by Second. While on Croatan Island, Andrea changes time itself and is reunited with her grandfather. Second appears and Jonah and Katherine are saved by JB, only to be hurled into another time. <br>
"Sabotaged" was released August 24, 2010.
Torn.
Jonah and Katherine land on the decks of Henry Hudson's ship, called the Discovery, moments before a mutiny in the early 1600s. JB reveals that John Hudson, one of the kids stolen from history and Henry Hudson's son, is missing completely, and Jonah will have to play his part. Jonah and Katherine must survive being on the 17th century boat, with unlikely help from two of the sailors. When they find out that Second has disguised himself as Hudson's first mate and has murdered one of them, Jonah and Katherine escape the boat after a docking and manage to get into the Damaged Time of 1605. They save their friends Brenden, Antonio, Andrea and John White when Jonah rescues everyone from the fire of 1605. It then turns out that Second sent John Hudson to 1605. John Hudson, called Dalton Sullivan in the twenty-first century, was already in 1605, living in England. JB then concludes that Second unraveled time from 1605 to 1611, made his own new, alternate universe and is sealing it off completely from others. JB then sends everyone to the 21st century, where they can live in peace, for a while. <br>
"Torn" was released August 23, 2011.
Caught.
They were in school when time froze and then Jonah and Katherine are transported to Einstein's time, where they must help to save his illegitimate daughter Lieserl, who is known as Emily in the twenty-first century, and keep Einstein from discovering time travel and ruining history. Einstein's wife, Mileva, catches onto them and steals their Elucidator. Jonah and Katherine follow Mileva in order to put Emily in her correct time, 1903. When they get to Mileva's parents' house, they discover that Lieserl is just a baby and is close to death from scarlet fever. However, during Jonah and Katherine's followings, Mileva discovers them and communicates with them, causing a huge disturbance in time. They are all sent, along with Emily, to a place outside of time, called a time hollow. Mileva steals the Elucidator from Jonah. Mileva freezes everyone there using the Elucidator and then watches her whole life and her daughter Emily's life but not all of Emily's life. Then she unfreezes only Jonah and allows him to come with her and save time. Jonah lets Mileva keep the Elucidator when she returns to her time, which allows her to send her demented son, Tete Einstein, to the future as a baby, where he grows up to become a time traveler. Tete is JB.<br>
"Caught" was released September 3, 2012.
Risked.
It’s a paradox: When Jonah and Katherine find themselves on a mission to return Alexei and Anastasia Romanov to history and then save them from the Russian Revolution, they are at a loss. Because in their own time, the bones of Alexei and Anastasia have been positively identified through DNA testing. What hope do they have of saving Alexis and Anastasia’s lives when the twenty-first century has proof of their deaths?
The book was released on September 4 2013.
Revealed.
This seventh installment of "The Missing" series will be released on September 2nd, 2014. <br>
Jonah's true identity as a missing child will be "revealed" in this book.
Redeemed.
The eighth and final book in this series, "Redeemed", should come out in the fall of 2015

</doc>
<doc id="20797590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797590" title="Kevin Paul">
Kevin Paul

Kevin Paul is a South African swimmer who received a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics held in Beijing. He is currently studying a Bachelor of Laws Degree at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University. He obtained a gold medal and smashed a world record in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="20797702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797702" title="Take Me Back (Imperials song)">
Take Me Back (Imperials song)

"Take Me Back," a ballad about a plea for forgiveness, was a 1965 hit song by Little Anthony and the Imperials. It was a "Billboard" Top 20 Pop Hit, peaking at #16, and was a Top 20 R&B Hit as well, peaking at # 15. The song was one of 5 hit singles taken from their 1964 hit album, "Goin' Out Of My Head", and was composed by songwriter Teddy Randazzo, who also wrote several previous Imperials hit singles, including Goin' Out Of My Head and Hurt So Bad, and was produced by Randazzo and Don Costa for Randazzo's DCP Records label in 1964, released as a single in 1965, and later re-released in 1966 on United Artists' Veep Records subsidiary. The Imperials (Little Anthony Gourdine, Sammy Strain, Clarence Collins & Ernest Wright) performed the song in 2003, almost 40 years after they originally recorded it, on the PBS special, "Soul Spectacular: 40 Years of R&B".
Personnel.
Producers.
Teddy Randazzo & Don Costa

</doc>
<doc id="20797706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797706" title="5 (Berryz Kobo album)">
5 (Berryz Kobo album)

5 (FIVE) is the fifth album by the Japanese girl group Berryz Kobo, released on September 10, 2008 in Japan and September 17, 2008 in South Korea. It was released both as a normal edition, with only the CD, and a limited edition, with a DVD included.
This album features three of their previous singles: "Tsukiatteru no ni Kataomoi" (15th), "Dschinghis Khan" (16th), and "Yuke Yuke Monkey Dance" (17th). It reached a peak of #11 on the Oricon weekly chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20797710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797710" title="Pyaar Mein Twist">
Pyaar Mein Twist

"To see the TV show, see Pyaar Mein Twist (TV series)."
Pyaar Mein Twist is a 2005 Indian Bollywood movie directed by Karan Kapoor.
Synopsis.
Jaivir Singh Rathod (Rishi Kapoor) is the chief executive and owner of Telpal Industries, a hugely successful auto firm. Yash is stepping down as CEO, in order to enjoy retirement. He gave the responsibility and authority to run the family business to his son, Rajiv (Vikas Bhalla). When Yash is walking his dogs and crossing at a busy intersection, a car drives through ... nearly running him over. He is irate and berates the woman driver. He calls for a policeman to do something about this menace. This is his first encounter with Sheetal, who was the woman driver. As Sheetal (Dimple Kapadia) drives off with Toshi (Farida Jalal), her sister-in-law, they are both laughing, releasing their tenson at this very close call with the law. She had pointed out to the policeman that it is against the law to walk two dogs at the same time. When they get home, Yash and Sheetal each describe the day's main event to their families. Little do they realize that their paths will cross again ...
They share more in common than either of them realize. Each is totally devoted to their families, putting them first in their lives. Each of them made great sacrifices to keep the families together during tough times, by showing a strong and deep love, which seems occasionally to be taken for granted. Each lost a spouse whom they loved deeply. Sheetal is planning the marriage of her beautiful daughter Ria (Soha Ali Khan) to Sanju (Sammir Dattani), the son of a wealthy upper-class family (or so they view themselves). Sanju's mother, Madhu (Kishori Shahane) is not totally supportive of her son's choice for a wife. She feels he is marrying beneath his social class. She has objections to whatever date they choose for the ceremony. She is creating delays, hoping to break up their plans. Eventually Sanju is willing to defy his mother's authority and states he will elope with Ria unless his mother accepts her. Rajiv feels the pressure of trying to fill his father's shoes in running the family business. He is a well trained and highly educated executive who is insecure. When he is unsure of himself, he questions his father's love and support. It is by pure chance he discovers a family secret which proves once and forevermore his father's true feelings for his son.
Sheetal and Yash meet again but it causes a great deal of misunderstandings. This one event creates havoc and confusion in the lives of both Yash and Sheetal and their children. Yash and Sheetal go out on a date and are seen dancing and dining at a Moroccan restaurant. A gossiping friend of Madhu reports this to her. Madhu uses it as yet another excuse to delay the date for the marriage of her son to Ria. Mr. Singh sees Sheetal leaving Sanju's home. She visited his parents to try to understand the reasons for Madhu's latest tactics. Mr.Singh refers to Sheetal as Mrs. Khurana and explains why. The children of both Sheetal and Yash are irate over their budding friendship. They even suspect it may be a secret love affair, carried on behind their backs. Toshi, Sheetal's sister-in-law has a brain storm of an idea to solve their deteriorating relationship with their children. Sheetal and Yash follow her advice

</doc>
<doc id="20797724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797724" title="Gibbon Conservation Center">
Gibbon Conservation Center

The Gibbon Conservation Center (GCC) is an animal conservation and education center located in Santa Clarita, California. It is dedicated exclusively to the small Asian ape, the gibbon, and houses the most varied group of gibbons in the Western Hemisphere, including representatives of all 4 genera and 5 of the existing 19 species. The average population of the GCC is approximately 40 gibbons, housed in family groups.
The GCC is a registered 501c3 non-profit tax-exempt organization, supported by donations, a small and dedicated staff and many volunteers. The GCC is open to the public for tours on weekends and by special arrangement. Students and anthropology/biology researchers regularly conduct projects and observations at the Gibbon Conservation Center. Information on residents, hours etc. is available at the website: www.gibboncenter.org 
The goals of the GCC include: to help ensure the conservation and survival of all gibbon species in the wild and in captivity; to provide a captive haven for all gibbon species as a complement to protecting them in the wild; to educate the public and add to the knowledge on gibbons for the scientific community, rehabilitation centers, and zoos and to support ongoing field conservation projects.
The current Director of the Gibbon Conservation Center is Gabriella (Gabi) Skollar, who worked with the founder, Alan Mootnick for several years until his passing. 
The GCC was founded by Alan Mootnick (January 3, 1951–November 4, 2011), a native of Encino, California who became a leading authority on gibbons despite having no formal training in the biological sciences. Mootnick acquired his first gibbon (a former pet named Spanky) in 1976, and in 1980 he used money from his home repair and painting business to buy the 10 acre site where the Center now operates.

</doc>
<doc id="20797740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797740" title="Sufi Ruhaniat International">
Sufi Ruhaniat International

"The Sufi Ruhaniat International (SRI) is the Universal Sufi Order established by Murshid Samuel L. Lewis, as a stream within the spiritual lineage of his own teacher, Hazrat Pir-o-Murshid Inayat Khan, with whom he took bayat (initiation) in 1923.
The Ruhaniat is composed of sincere "mureeds" (formally initiated students) who tread the Path of Initiation and Discipleship, seeking the truth of the Inner Life through personal practice and direct experience — just as the disciples of Christ, Buddha, the Divine Mother, Mohammed, and other Illuminated Souls, known and unknown, have done through the ages." "— From the Sufi Ruhaniat International website "
The Sufi Ruhaniat International (SRI) is a stream of Universal Sufism and draws inspiration from traditions of Sufism within and beyond historic Islam. SRI is an initiatic order within the lineage of Hazrat Inayat Khan ("Inayati-Chishtiyya"). Murshid Sufi Ahmed Murad Chishti (Samuel L. Lewis), a disciple of Hazrat Inayat Khan, formally founded the order in 1970. There are centers throughout the United States, Belgium, Canada, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Sufi Ruhaniat International has five primary activities.
Activities.
Esoteric School.
Initiation and progress on the path of discipleship is the central theme of the Sufi Ruhaniat International. The relationship between teacher and student exists for the purpose of providing training that leads to realization of the Divine essence in each human being, and to leading a life of service to God and humanity. Through various centers, classes are offered both to the general public (in accordance with the brother/sisterhood work) and to those interested in the path of initiation. Initiates are expected to maintain a relationship with a spiritual guide. Students are referred to as "mureeds".
Dervish Healing Order.
The Dervish Healing Order serves as that aspect of the Sufi Ruhaniat International which maintains and promotes the vision of health and Divine Healing as presented by Hazrat Inayat Khan. The Dervish Healing Order is an initiatory order. All members have demonstrated their deep involvement in some aspect of healing, either toward self or others. A primary activity is the conduction of the Healing Service of Hazrat Inayat Khan.
Ziraat.
Ziraat is a heart-based approach to gardening and food production outwardly, and to spiritual growth inwardly. The heart, like the earth, is regarded as sacred soil to be prepared for planting. Rocks and roots are removed; last year's stubble is plowed under. New seed is placed in the furrow. Sunshine and rain attend the turning of the seasons, and the ancient cycles of sowing, growth, fruition and harvest are realized in ourselves and in our gardens and farms.
Universal Worship Service.
The Universal Worship Service was created by Hazrat Inayat Khan to promote a deeper understanding and appreciation of the diverse religious traditions of the world: both in the beauty of their distinctions and differences, externally, and in the transformative and healing power of their inner Unity...all coming from the same Source. Conducted by ministers called Cherags (Lamps of the Message), the Service honors nine of world's major religious traditions – the Goddess Tradition, Hinduism, Taoism, Buddhism, Zoroastrianism, the Native Traditions of the world, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. For each tradition, a candle is lit, a selection from the sacred scriptures is read, and a spiritual practice or Dance of Universal Peace is led. Leaders of the Universal Worship Service are referred to as "cherags" and "cheragas".
Dances of Universal Peace.
The Dances of Universal Peace are simple, meditative, joyous, multi-cultural, circle dances that use sacred phrases, chants, music, and movements from the many traditions of the earth to touch the spiritual essence within ourselves and others. Based on the work begun in the late 1960s by Murshid Samuel L. Lewis, they promote peace and integration within individuals and groups worldwide. There are no performers nor audience – new arrivals and old hands form the circle together. The International Network for the Dances of Universal Peace was formed under the auspices of SRI to serve as a network for the many Dance meetings and leaders throughout the world, to publish recordings and instructions for the Dances, and as a resource for the ongoing development of new Dances and for the training of dance leaders. Dance leader certification is available through the affiliated Mentor Teachers Guild.
History.
The Sufi Ruhaniat International was incorporated as the Sufi Islamia Ruhaniat Society by Murshid Samuel L. Lewis in November 1970, shortly before his death in 1971. In 2002 the name was changed to Sufi Ruhaniat International.
Leadership.
Leadership of SRI is provided by a "pir" (spiritual leader) and a council of "murshids" and "murshidas" (senior teachers). Teachers are referred to as "sheiks" and "sheikhas". SRI is not "guru-centered" and maintains a minimal hierarchy required for any effective organization to function. All members are respected for the unique perspectives and abilities they offer.
Other Influences.
Other teachers have informed the Sufi Ruhaniat International's spiritual tradition. Among these are:
Sensei Nyogen Senzaki (1876–1958) was a Rinzai Zen monk and student of Soyen Shaku. He was the Zen teacher of Samuel L. Lewis. His last words were said to be "Remember the Dharma! Remember the Dharma! Remember the Dharma!" 
Ruth St. Denis (1879–1968) was a modern dance pioneer and a major influence on Samuel L. Lewis, who called her "Mata-Ji" (Honored Mother) and referred to her as "my fairy godmother". She was a source of inspiration in Samuel L. Lewis' creation of the Dances of Universal Peace and of the Spiritual Walks.
Joe Miller (1904–1992) was an American mystic best known for his Thursday Morning Walks in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park with his wife Guin during the 1970s and 1980s. Joe was widely respected for his spiritual clarity and Dr. Evans-Wentz, the original translator of the Tibetan Book of the Dead, and other sacred Mahayana texts, considered Joe Miller "the only man he had met in the West who understood the Doctrine of the Clear Light." Joe was a close friend of Samuel L. Lewis who upon his deathbed asked Joe to "Take care of my disciples." Joe provided spiritual guidance to Sam's disciples, and many others, until his death in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20797747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797747" title="Terry Crook">
Terry Crook

Terry Crook 'TC' (birth registered October→December in Outwood, Wakefield) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, '70s and '80s, and coach of the 1980s playing at representative level for Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity, and Bramley, as a , or , i.e. number 1, 3 or 4, or, 2 or 5, and coaching at club level for Dewsbury.
Testimonial match.
Terry Crook's Testimonial match at Wakefield Trinity took place in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20797749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797749" title="Henry L. Roediger III">
Henry L. Roediger III

Henry L. "Roddy" Roediger III (born July 24, 1947) is an American psychology researcher in the area of human learning and memory. He rose to prominence for his work on the psychological aspects of false memories.
Biography.
Born in Roanoke, Virginia and raised in Danville, Virginia, Reodiger received his undergraduate education from Washington and Lee University, graduating magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in 1969. He went on to study at Yale University, receiving his PhD in 1973 with his dissertation “Inhibition in recall from cueing with recall targets”. After receiving his doctorate he joined the faculty at Purdue University, where he stayed for fifteen years (except for two appointments as a visiting assistant professor at the University of Toronto: 1976–1978, and 1981–1982). In 1988 he was appointed as the Lynette S. Autrey Professor of Psychology at Rice University, and in 1996 he moved to Washington University in St Louis where he was the Chair of Psychology until 2004. Since 1998 he has been the James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor of Psychology at Washington University.
Throughout his career, Roediger has become known for his focus on memory accessibility and retrieval – the ways in which we access and recall memories that we have stored. From this standpoint he has developed theories, explored phenomena, and pioneered research techniques. He has supervised over 25 students in postgraduate research, and 9 postdoctoral fellows. Also, he has published over 175 articles and has an h-index of over 40. Alongside his academic work, Roediger oversaw the launch of the journal "Psychological Science in the Public Interest", he has been editor of the journals "Psychonomic Bulletin and Review" and the "Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory and Cognition", and also has been involved in the administration of a number of scientific societies, most notably as the 2003–2004 president of the Association for Psychological Science.
Elections, honours, and awards.
Roediger has been elected as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Psychological Association, the American Psychological Society, and the Canadian Psychological Association. He has also received a number of honours and awards.
The consequences of retrieval.
Roediger was one of the first scholars to see the value of studying how humans retrieve memories. As Roediger started his career the cognitive revolution was in full swing. Human memory researchers had been predominately focusing on memory storage, and were only beginning to look at memory encoding. However, inspired by his graduate advisor at Yale, Robert G. Crowder, Roediger began to see the importance of a retrieval-based approach to memory research. Since his doctoral dissertation, much of Roediger’s research through the 1970s focused on retrieval based inhibition – the idea that retrieving an item reduces the subsequent accessibility of other stored items. This phenomenon is more commonly experienced when we try to remember a list of items and find that we keep thinking of the ones we have already recalled, rather than the ones we still need to remember. Roediger was able to show, under certain conditions, that recall cues can inhibit recall, which seemed inconsistent with previously widely accepted research findings showing that cues aid recall. Close to a decade of research helped to define the situations in which cues can aid recall and the situations in which cues can inhibit recall. In 1978 Roediger concluded that this dissociation occurs because, although some cues can facilitate recall, other cues provide irrelevant information, which hinders recall. 
Most importantly, Roediger showed the world that the accessibility of one memory biases the process of searching for another memory.
Transfer appropriate processing.
The 1980s saw an increase in research on implicit memory – memories that we have without being aware of them. The norm among researchers in this area was to test implicit memory using some task that required the subject to unintentionally remember previously learned information, such as completing a word fragment (E_E_ _ A _ T to ELEPHANT) or an anagram (PNLEHETA to ELEPHANT), as compared with testing for memories that we are aware of (explicit memory) using direct instructions to remember. These researchers found that the intentionally learned information was better remembered in an intentional remembering test, and unintentionally learned information was better remembered in an unintentional remembering test.
Roediger, however, approached this phenomenon from a more retrieval-based standpoint. Rather than looking at intentionality of learning, he looked to the conditions in which the information was to be recalled. He saw that unintentional learning seemed to be driven by bottom-up processes (using small details from the stimulus to build meaning) and that intentional learning seemed to be driven by top-down processes (using pre-existing concepts to make sense of a stimulus). He predicted that information learned in a bottom-up manner (e.g. reading a word) would be better recalled in a bottom-up test (e.g. completing a word fragment), and information learned in a top-down manner (e.g. generating a mental image) would be better remembered in a top-down test (e.g. recalling a list of words).
Roediger hypothesised that the more that the processes used in retrieval matched those used in encoding, the better memory performance would be, and called this framework ‘transfer-appropriate processing’. In a number of experiments Roediger and his colleagues showed that, rather than the intentionality when remembering, it was in fact the overlap between the conditions in which learning and remembering occurred that aided memory.
Neurophysiological studies have provided further evidence suggesting that transfer appropriate processes play a crucial role in memory. Studies using electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging have shown that the overlap in brain activity between encoding and retrieval facilitates memory performance.
The theory of transfer appropriate processing has since been adapted by numerous scientists to further study a number of different problems.
Scientists have used transfer appropriate processing to better understand how humans that speak more than two languages might organise their different lexica, which has important implications for those trying to learn a new language as well as for potentially better understanding language disorders. Transfer appropriate processing also had a notable impact on the field of marketing, by providing a more comprehensive understanding of consumer memory. A focus on retrieval as the goal of advertising, and a better understanding of how interference can impact marketing communications, left a lasting impression on advertising practice.
Transfer appropriate processing theory has also been shown to be particularly valuable in exploring the organisation of memory, the workings of prospective memory – remembering to carry out previously planned actions, and in exploring how people learn to read fluently.
False memories.
Roediger is perhaps most widely known for his research in the area of false memory, looking at why and how people develop memories of events that never happened to them. 
Throughout the 1990s, he and his colleagues took the methodology from a relatively unknown study by James Deese from 1959 and worked to develop it into one of the most widely used tools in human memory research; the DRM Paradigm. In a typical DRM experiment, a subject listens to a list of related words, for example; Thread, Pin, Eye, Sewing, Sharp, Point, Prick, Thimble, Haystack, Torn, Hurt, Injection, Syringe, Cloth, Knitting, and is then tested on their memory for this list. Typically, subjects will recall or recognise an associated, but unpresented lure word (Needle). Roediger and McDermott asked people whether they actually remembered hearing this unpresented word, or if they merely felt like they had heard it. Interestingly, participants often reported actually remembering hearing the word, illustrating memory for an event that never occurred. 
Naturally, Roediger’s approach to explaining this phenomenon was through retrieval processes. He thought that perhaps recalling list items would increase the availability of the lure word to a level where it became so available that it was mistaken for a presented word. However, retrieval processes alone were not enough to explain the findings – in a number of studies Roediger and his colleagues showed that a warning about developing a false memory had no effect if it was presented before retrieval, but could reduce false memories if presented before the encoding phase, suggesting an important role being played by the encoding process. Further work led Roediger and his research team to acknowledge both encoding and retrieval processes in explaining this phenomenon.
Although a wealth of research was conducted on the DRM paradigm, Roediger’s interest in false memory went further still. His research into other false memory procedures helped further the field of research on imagination inflation – the idea that imagining an event can make later believe that it really happened. Also, research into the social environment around creating memories helped to shed light on how other people’s memories can become part of our own, a process Roediger and colleagues called 'Social Contagion'.
Cognitive psychology and education.
Roediger’s most recent interests have involved applying knowledge from cognitive psychology research to the realm of education. Although many teachers feel that using standardized tests stifles creativity and takes away from time that could be better utilised in teaching, Roediger's studies indicate that the demands that testing places on recall significantly enhance learning compared to untested situations. His work suggests that a ratio of 3–4 "tests" (uses of the learned information without recourse to reference material) to each study session (learning of new information) may be most effective.
Roediger’s early research on testing effects and hypermnesia on final-exam results showed that subjects who receive two tests on newly learned material out-perform subjects tested only once, even if no feedback is given on any of the tests. This effect persists even if the group that is only tested once is given a second opportunity to study the material. Roediger explains this effect in terms of enhanced retrievability, claiming that testing provides practice at retrieving memories, making the memory itself stronger.
Roediger and his colleagues have also studied the form of test which is most effective. They report that short answer questions produce stronger testing-enhancements of learning compared to multiple-choice testing. Further research is being conducted to discover the optimal timing between tests and the best media for conducting tests.

</doc>
<doc id="20797750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797750" title="Tunworth">
Tunworth

Tunworth is a hamlet and civil parish in Hampshire.
Geography.
Location.
Tunworth is located in North East Hampshire. Tunworth is located approximately from Basingstoke, the nearest major town. There are numerous villages nearby, such as
All distances were determined using Google Maps, and are therefore by road rather than direct.
Physical geography.
The village is spread across several hills, known as the Tunworth Downs. These are caused by the same geological processes as the North Downs. The highest point in Tunworth is around 420 ft (130m)
Buildings.
The little downland church of All Saints, Tunworth, is part of the benefice of Upton Grey. The church is 12th century. The church has Norman origins, though the only real sign of this, after the Victorian restoration, is a window on the north (far) side of the church. A notable grave in the churchyard is that of Colonel Julian Berry, son of the 1st Viscount Camrose of Hackwood Park.
Amenities.
Tunworth has one amenity, a bench, placed at the village high point. In 2012, an oak was planted by the bench to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II. There was a school in Tunworth, but this was closed down in the 1950s. Most children now attend either a Basingstoke School or Long Sutton School.
Economy.
The economy of Tunworth is mainly based in the service industry. The land around Tunworth is cultivated, meaning that there is some agriculture. In the past, successful race horses have been bred in Tunworth. A large proportion of Tunworth residents do not work, as Tunworth has a significant amount of older people.
Land ownership.
Most the land around Tunworth is either owned by the Herriard Estate, or by Hackwood Park. This land is rented to various farmers and is also used for pheasant shooting. Some property is owned by the Herriard Estate as well, and is rented out.

</doc>
<doc id="20797753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797753" title="Biosurvey">
Biosurvey

A biosurvey, or biological survey, is a scientific study of organisms to assess the condition of an ecological resource, such as a water body.
Overview.
Biosurveys are used by government agencies responsible for management of public lands, environmental planning and/or environmental regulation to assess ecological resources, such as rivers, streams, lakes and wetlands. They involve collection and analysis of animal and/or plant samples which serve as bioindicators. The studies may be conducted by professional scientists or volunteer organizations. They are conducted according to published procedures to ensure consistency in data collection and analysis, and to compare findings to established metrics.
Biosurveys typically use metrics such as species composition and richness (e.g. number of species, extent of pollution-tolerant species), and ecological factors (number of individuals, proportion of predators, presence of disease). Biosurveys may identify pollution problems that are difficult or expensive to detect using chemical testing procedures. 
A biosurvey may be used to generate an index of biological integrity (IBI), a scoring system for an ecological resource.
Water resource biosurveys.
Protocols for conducting biosurveys of water resources have been published by state government agencies and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Agencies use these protocols to implement the Clean Water Act. Similar protocols have been published by volunteer organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20797765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797765" title="Société Franco-Belge">
Société Franco-Belge

The “Société Franco-Belge” was a French/Belgian engineering firm that specialised in the construction of railway vehicles and their components and accessories. The company originated in 1959 as the Belgian firm "Compagnie Belge pour la Construction de Machines et de Matériels de Chemins de Fer" founded by Charles Evrard; the company expanded its share capital in 1881 forming a new firm "Société Anonyme Franco-Belge pour la Construction de Machines et de Matériel de Chemins de Fer " and constructed a factory in Raismes (Valenciennes) in the Département Nord in France.
In 1927, the company split into a Belgian (Société Anglo-Franco-Belge SAFB) and a French company (Société Franco-Belge).
The company’s factories were occupied during World War I, during which period it was used as a sawmill, and during World War II, during which period it manufactured Kriegslokomotives.
SAFB merged with the Ateliers Germain in 1964; the company closed in 1968 due to lack of work.
The "Franco-Belge" (based in Raismes) was acquired by Alstom in 1982, as of 2012 the factory Alstom Petite-Forêt, Valenciennes operates as an Alstom subsidiary, specialising in metros, trams, and double deck trains, A test track "Centre d'Essais Ferroviaire" is located west of the Raismes factory.
History.
In 1859, Charles Evrard acquired "Parmentier Freres et Cie." based in La Croyère, (La Louvière, Belgium) and merged it with the "Aleliers Charles Evrard" (of Brussels, Belgium) to form the "Compagnie Belge pour la Construction de Machines et de Matériels de Chemins de Fer" (1862), with a capital of 1 million francs. Charles Evrard was the company’s director. At the Exposition Universelle (1867) in Paris, the company exhibited a locomotive, passenger coaches, an iron goods wagon, and a steam rail crane.
In 1881, the plant in Brussels was closed and the factory’s equipment was transferred, reducing pollution and other inconveniences caused to the populace of Brussels.
A new company, the "Société Anonyme Franco-Belge pour la Construction de Machines et de Matériel de Chemins de Fer", was created in 1881, including all the assets of the 'Compangie Belge' (representing 60% of the share capital); the company was capitalised to 8 million francs, the "Banque Franco-Egyptienne" invested in the new enterprise. In 1882 a new factory was established in Raismes in the north of France, allowing the company to circumvent protectionism in the French market; initially the factory at Raismes in France assembled machines using components manufactured across the border in Belgium. All types of railway rolling stock were built by the company. Charles Evrard died in 1896.
In 1911, the company was renamed "Société Franco Belge de Matérial de Chemins de Fer". The company manufactured a wide variety of rolling stock (locomotives, carriages, specialised freight wagons) for clients, including the Belgian railways, private French railways, as well as exporting to Spain, Portugal, and other European countries; China, Turkey, and Indochina; as well as to African and South American countries.
Up to 1914, the company board was dominated by Belgians; after 1914, the company became majority owned by French interests, mainly from Paris. At this time the company had a capacity of around 50 locomotives and over 1,500 carriages and wagons per year; during German occupation during World War I, the plant in Raismes was ordered to carry out repair work, but this was resisted by the plant management - the factory was used under occupation as a sawmill.
Post WWI, the French and Belgian activities were separated into independent companies in 1927 with the Croyere site forming the company ""Société Anglo-Franco-Belge"" (SAFB or AFB), which received English investment and specialised in equipment for metal and wooden fabrications for transportation equipment. The French operations of the company remained as "Franco-Belge".
Société Anglo-Franco-Belge (1927-64).
In 1939, SAFB two acquired two metal working factories were absorbed, in Seneffe and Godarville (Chapelle-lez-Herlaimont), both in Hainaut, Belgium. During occupation, the company manufactured over 100 locomotives for the Deutsche Reichsbahn, as well as carrying out repair work. The company director Gilbert Bostsarron became involved in the French resistance network, and arranged allied attacks on the factory; his network was discovered by axis forces resulting in his being arrested and shot in 1944.
Post war the company experienced financial problems, in part due to loss of overseas export customers to American companies. In the 1950s, the company manufactured Electro-Motive Diesel engined diesel locomotives for the railways of Belgium (SNCB class 52, class 52 and class 54), and Luxembourg (CLF class 800 and class 1600). The company also supplied the Israel Railways with its first diesel locomotives in 1952 with an EMD-powered Bo'Bo' design.
In 1964, the company merged with the road and rail vehicle manufacturing company "S.A. des Ateliers Germain" based in Monceau-sur-Sambre to form the "Etablissements Germain-Anglo".
By 1967, the new company was on the verge of collapse with an empty order book—the staff were given notice of the closure which instigated a strike and sit in at the factory. The situation became one of national interest, with the workers receiving support from trade unions across the country; the prime minister, Paul Vanden Boeynants, visited the factory to seek a resolution. On 1 June 1967, the workers returned to work, after several mitigation measures had been instigated, including short term transfer of staff to other rolling stock manufacturing companies, and large orders given to the metal fabrication plant. Despite this, in February 1968, the company "Germain-Anglo" ceased operation.
In 1969, the site of the plant in La Croyère was acquired by developer "Société Frabelmar" and a hypermarket of , plus leisure facilities, was built, and opened in December 1970.
Société Franco-Belge (1927-81).
Amongst other production in the 1930s, the "Franco Belge" in Raismes manufactured Beyer Peacock designed 4-6-2+2-6-4 high speed ( achieved) 'garratt' locomotives for Algeria, and also carriages for an imperial train built for Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia. The association as sub-contractor to Beyer Peacock continued to the 1950s. Over 80 Indian Railways WG class 2-8-2 locomotives were produced in the early 1950s before production capacity at the Chittaranjan Locomotive Works, India, was built up.
During the 1970s, several hundred Corail coaches were built for the SNCF. In the late 1970s, the company won an order for aluminium metro railcars for MARTA in Atlanta, USA.
In 1982, the company, then known as "Soferval-franco-belge" (Société ferroviaire du Valenciennes), was acquired by Alstom after a period of poor management and financial problems.
Alstom Valenciennes.
Under Alstom's ownership, the site at Raismes has been known as "Alstom Petite-Forêt", "Alstom Valenciennes", or "Alstom Valenciennes Petite-Forêt" (VPF).
The factory site is adjacent to a rail test track, established at the beginning of the 21st century.; the "Centre d'Essais Ferroviaire", which is 61% owned by Alstom (2012). The test track, completed in 1999, includes 2.75 km suitable for testing at 100 km/h, a loop 1.85 km long for endurance testing at 80 km/h, and an 'S' shaped loop for testing trains with automatic control system (driverlesss). The industrial site at Raismes also houses several other engineering companies.
At the beginning of the 21st century, the plant’s future was uncertain; by 2009, the situation had reversed—the factory had contracts for production till 2016, and employed 1350 people. Contracts included metros and trains for RATP and RER (Paris), obtained as part of consortia including Bombardier Transportation. The RER contract was worth €917million, with a value to Alstom of €640million. Within the Alstom group, the plant specialised in the design and production of metro trains, trams, and double-decker trains.

</doc>
<doc id="20797769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797769" title="2009 Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts">
2009 Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts

The 2009 Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts will be the 2009 edition of the Ontario provincial women's curling tournament. It will be held January 26-February 1 at the Oakville Curling Club in Oakville, Ontario. The winning team will represent Ontario at the 2009 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Victoria, British Columbia.
Results.
Draw 1.
January 26, 1400
Draw 2.
January 26, 1915
Draw 3.
January 27, 1400
Draw 4.
January 27, 1900
Draw 5.
January 28, 1400
Draw 6.
January 28, 1900
Draw 7.
January 29, 1400
Draw 8.
January 29, 1900
Draw 9.
January 30, 1400
Tie breakers.
January 30, 1900
January 31, 0900
Playoffs.
3 vs. 4.
January 31, 1400
1 vs. 2.
January 31, 1400
Semi-final.
January 31, 1900
Final.
February 1, 1400 
Qualification.
The tournament will consist of ten teams. Since there is no Northern Ontario team at the Scotties, the provincial tournament must consist of the entire province of Ontario. The provincial finals will consist of four teams from Northern Ontario and six from Southern Ontario. The four Northern Ontario teams qualify from one playdown, while the six Southern Ontario teams qualify from a series of zone and regional playdowns. Two teams qualify from each of the two Southern Ontario regions, while two teams come from a provincial "last chance" qualification tournament. The two regions consist of eight zones where two teams from which qualify for the regional tournaments.
Southern Ontario Zones.
Teams in bold advanced to regionals. Teams underlined opted to play in the challenge round.
Zone 1.
December 7, Navan Curling Club (Navan)
Teams:
Zone 2.
December 20-21, Rideau Curling Club (Ottawa)
Teams:
Zone 3.
December 20-21, Carleton Place Curling Club (Carleton Place)
Teams:
Zone 4.
Originally scheduled for December 19-21, Royal Kingston Curling Club (Kingston)
Teams:
Zone 5.
December 6, Bobcaygeon Curling Club (Bobcaygeon)
Teams:
Zone 6.
December 6-7, Annandale Country Club (Ajax)
Teams:
Zone 7.
December 20-21, Richmond Hill Curling Club (Richmond Hill)
Teams:
Zone 8.
December 20-21, Mississaugua Golf & Country Club (Mississauga)
Teams:
Zone 9.
December 6, Markdale Golf & Curling Club (Markdale)
Teams:
Zone 10.
December 20, Penetanguishene Curling Club (Penetanguishene)
Teams:
Zone 11.
Originally scheduled December 5-7, Southampton Curling Club (Southampton)
Teams:
Zone 12.
December 6-7, Westmount Golf & Country Club (Kitchener) 
Teams:
Zone 13.
December 20-21, Burlington Golf & Country Club (Burlington)
Teams:
Zone 14.
December 6, Teeswater Curling Club (Teeswater)
Teams:
Zone 15.
Originally scheduled December 19-21, Stratford Country Club (Stratford)
Teams:
Zone 16.
December 5-7, Forest Curling & Social Club (Forest)
Teams:
Southern Ontario Regions.
All on January 9-11 weekend
Region 1&2 (Zones 1-8).
Land O'Lakes Curling Club, Marmora
Region 3&4 (Zones 9-16).
Norwich District Curling Club, Norwich
Southern Ontario Challenge Round.
The challenge round will be held January 16-19 at the Bradford & District Curling Club in Bradford to determine the last two spots.
Northern Ontario Region.
The Northern Ontario playdown will be held January 7-11 at the Port Arthur Curling Club in Thunder Bay.
Teams:
B-side play in: Mayrand def. Wojtowich 
C side Qualifier #1
C side qualifier 2

</doc>
<doc id="20797776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797776" title="Cycle cover">
Cycle cover

In graph theory and combinatorial optimization, cycle cover may have the following meanings
Other possible meanings include:

</doc>
<doc id="20797791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797791" title="Stanley High School (New Brunswick)">
Stanley High School (New Brunswick)

Stanley High School, also known as Stanley Regional, is a combined middle and high school in Stanley, New Brunswick, Canada. It educates students from Stanley and surrounding areas. Approximately 300 students attend the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20797830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797830" title="1910–11 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1910–11 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1910-11 campaign was Town's first ever season in the Football League. After coming through the election process to enter Division 2, Town finished their first season in professional football in 13th place.
Review.
On June 13, 1910, Town managed to get elected into the Football League only 2 years after being formed. Their first match against Bradford Park Avenue resulted in a 1-0 win thanks to Henry Hamilton's goal. The season saw Town manage to hold their own in Division 2 and finished in 13th place with 34 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20797876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797876" title="Edge cycle cover">
Edge cycle cover

In mathematics, an edge cycle cover (sometimes called simply cycle cover) of a graph is a set of cycles which are subgraphs of "G" and contain all edges of "G". 
If the cycles of the cover have no vertices in common, the cover is called vertex-disjoint or sometimes simply disjoint cycle cover. In this case the set of the cycles constitutes a spanning subgraph of "G".
If the cycles of the cover have no edges in common, the cover is called edge-disjoint or simply disjoint cycle cover.
Properties and applications.
Minimum-Weight Cycle Cover.
For a weighted graph, the Minimum-Weight Cycle Cover Problem (MWCCP) is the problem to find a cycle cover with minimal sum of weights of edges in all cycles of the cover.
For bridgeless planar graphs the MWCCP can be solved in polynomial time. 
Double cycle cover.
The cycle double cover conjecture is an open problem in graph theory stating that in every bridgeless graph there exists a set of cycles that together cover every edge of the graph twice.

</doc>
<doc id="20797880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797880" title="List of plateaus in British Columbia">
List of plateaus in British Columbia

This is a list of plateau and plateau-like landforms in British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20797911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797911" title="A320 (disambiguation)">
A320 (disambiguation)

A320 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20797923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797923" title="Eleanor of Sicily">
Eleanor of Sicily

Eleanor of Sicily (1325–1375) was Queen Consort of Aragon (1349–1375). She was the daughter of Peter II of Sicily and Elisabeth of Carinthia. She was the third wife of Peter IV of Aragon.
Early life and family.
Eleanor was the second of eight children, all of them living to adulthood apart from a brother and sister, John and Violante. Eleanor's siblings included: Frederick III the Simple, Euphemia, Constance (both regents of Sicily), Beatrice, wife of Rupert II, Elector Palatine, Louis of Sicily and Blanche, Countess of Ampurias. 
Eleanor's paternal grandparents were Frederick III of Sicily and Eleanor of Anjou, daughter of Charles II of Naples and Maria of Hungary. Eleanor's maternal grandparents were Otto III of Carinthia and his wife Euphemia of Legnica, daughter of Henry V, Duke of Legnica and Elisabeth of Kalisz.
Marriage.
Eleanor married in Valencia on 27 August 1349 to Peter IV of Aragon, on the condition that he renounce all rights to any Sicilian Crown. He was twice-widowed, had two surviving daughters: Constance and Joanna but no surviving sons.
Eleanor became a powerful influence at the Aragonese court, replacing Bernardo de Cabrera as Peter's chief adviser.
Eleanor's brother Frederick III the Simple, married Constance of Aragon (Eleanor's stepdaughter). Frederick and Constance had a daughter, Maria of Sicily but no sons. Then in 1357 Frederick tried to give Eleanor the rights to the succession of Sicily and the rights of the duchies of Athens and Neopatria in return for military help from her husband in Sicily, a proposal which was refused.
Eleanor and Peter had four children:
In 1373 Eleanor's eldest son John married Martha of Armagnac, a calm and conciliatory woman. Eleanor treated Martha as her own daughter.
Upon a royal stay at her home in Empordà, Eleanor made Sibila of Fortia her lady-in-waiting. This led to an eventful future for the girl.
In Lérida on 20 April 1375, Eleanor died leaving her husband a widower and her three surviving children. Her husband remarried to Sibila, a girl that was over thirty years his junior. Most of the family, including Eleanor's children, came into conflict with Sibila.

</doc>
<doc id="20797926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797926" title="Independent Companies, New Mexico Volunteer Militia Infantry">
Independent Companies, New Mexico Volunteer Militia Infantry

The Independent Companies of New Mexico Militia were units of infantry raised within the New Mexico Territory to serve a three-month term of service for the Union Army during the American Civil War, from November 1861 to February 1862. They were organized for use within the territory, in defense against Indian attacks and invasion by the Texas Rangers.
Militia Companies.
Perea's Battalion of Militia.
Organized in November and December 1861 for the defenses of New Mexico, the four companies were raised and financially supported by Lt Col Francisco Perea. Stationed at Albuquerque, the battalion was engaged in several campaigns against the Navajo. It was mustered out on 28 February 1862.
Alarid's Company.
Under the command of Gaspar Ortiz y Alarid, it was organized in Santa Fe, New Mexico on 10 December 1861, and served until its mustering out on 28 February 1862.
Gonzales' Company.
Organized at Fort Craig, it was mustered on 23 November 1861 and served until 28 February 1862. It was under the command of Nestor Gonzales.
Mora County Militia.
This company was raised in Mora, New Mexico, and was led by Jose Ignacio Martinez. It served from 14 November 1861 to 28 February 1862. It was reorganized as Company A of the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Militia Infantry, where it served another three months.
Tafolla's Company.
This was the company of Luis Tafolla, and was organized at Fort Craig. They served from 20 November 1861 to 28 February 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="20797935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797935" title="Instinto Coletivo Ao Vivo">
Instinto Coletivo Ao Vivo

Instinto Coletivo Ao Vivo () is the fourth album by Brazilian band O Rappa and their first Live album. It was produced by Tom Capone and O Rappa except "Ninguém Regula A América" which features and is also produced by Sepultura and "Instinto Coletivo" which features and is also mixed by Asian Dub Foundation. It is distributed through Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20797941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797941" title="The People of Kau">
The People of Kau

'The People of Kau' is the title of the 1976 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Die Nuba von Kau ', an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. The book was an international bestseller and is a follow-up to her earlier successful 1973 book "Die Nuba".
Synopsis.
This is a photographic monograph on the life of the people of Kau. Leni Riefenstahl spent 16 weeks with the Nuba of Kau in 1975. These people, known as the "South East Nuba", live only 100 miles away from the Mesakin Nuba. Yet, they speak another language, follow different customs, and are very different in character and temperament. The knife-fights, dances of love and elaborately painted faces and bodies are photographed in the book.
Reception.
The book was well received both commercially and critically. The photographs were recently republished along with those of "The Last of the Nuba" and "Vanishing Africa" in the 2002 book, "Africa" by Leni Riefentstahl. The collection garnered positive reviews;
"A big, black Mercedez-Benz of a book... Ideology aside, the pictures are hard to resist, combining all the voyeuristic pleasures of National Geographic-style anthropology with an unequivocal appreciation of the innate grace and symmetry of the human form... Riefenstahl`s photographs preserve a mythic vision of this Eden before the fall, a romantic lost world, captured in images as powerfully seductive as the artist herself." "V Magazine"
"A magnificent collection and a fitting celebration of this formidable artist's 100th birthday." 
"The Times Higher Education Supplement"
"an imposing collection". "Newsweek"
Documentary.
Together with her other published photographs of the Nuba, several photographs from the book were showcased in the 1993 documentary, "The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl". For the first time, Riefenstahl's extensive moving footage of the Nuba was also shown to the public for the first time in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20797953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797953" title="Limax ecarinatus">
Limax ecarinatus

Limax ecarinatus (also known as Limacus maculatus when the subgenus "Limacus" is elevated to the generic level), is a large species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.
This species is synanthropic. It is most likely to be confused with "Limax flavus", which it somewhat resembles.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:
See also.
"Limax maculatus" Nunneley, 1837 is a synonym for "Limax maximus".

</doc>
<doc id="20797955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797955" title="Richard I (disambiguation)">
Richard I (disambiguation)

Richard I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20797997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20797997" title="Naeba Ski Resort">
Naeba Ski Resort

Naeba Ski Resort composes Mt. Naeba Ski Resort with Kagura Ski Areas by combining both areas with Doragondola. On the opposite mountain across Asagai town, a small Asagai Area accommodates mainly family skiers.
The resort is 40 minutes from Echigo-Yuzawa Station on the Joetsu Shinkansen by non-stop express bus. This station is approximately from Tokyo.
Skiing.
The maximum slope is 32° on three slalom 'burns' (from the German 'Bahn'); the longest run is and the vertical drop is .
In addition to the extensive skiing at Naeba itself (two gondolas, 33 ski lifts), there is a third gondola 'Dragondola' connecting the resort to the ski area, which in turn connects to the and ski areas.
Naeba hosted World Cup races in the 1970s.
Other attractions.
In the summer, the Naeba ski resort is home to Fuji Rock Festival.
In February, (a.k.a. 'Yuming') holds a series of late-night concerts in the hotel's Blizzardium ballroom / an exhibition space.

</doc>
<doc id="20798004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798004" title="Hannah">
Hannah

Hannah or Hanna may refer to:
Places.
In the United States: 

</doc>
<doc id="20798013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798013" title="Continental Airlines Flight 1404">
Continental Airlines Flight 1404

Continental Airlines Flight 1404 was a Continental Airlines flight from Denver International Airport in Denver, Colorado, United States to George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas. On the evening of December 20, 2008, the flight crashed while taking off from Denver resulting in 2 critical injuries, 36 non-critical injuries and a hull loss of the Boeing 737-524 aircraft.
Incident.
On Saturday, December 20, 2008 at approximately 18:18 (06:18PM) local time, after being cleared for takeoff on runway 34R at Denver International Airport, the Boeing 737-524 aircraft veered off the side of the runway before taxiway WC (less than from the threshold), skidded across the taxiway and a service road and crashed in a ravine several hundred yards from the runway. The plane caught fire at some point during the sequence. 
Despite early confusion as to the whereabouts of Flight 1404, firefighters were on scene relatively quickly, as the aircraft came to rest near one of the airport's four fire houses. When they arrived, most of the right side of the plane was on fire while passengers were climbing out of the left side, being assisted by flight attendants and one off-duty Continental Airlines pilot in the passenger compartment, the latter making several trips in and out of the wreckage to ensure everyone was safely out of the aircraft.
The aircraft sustained severe damage. The fuselage was cracked just behind the wings, the number 1 engine and main landing gear were sheared off, and the nose gear collapsed. The fire caused overhead luggage compartments to melt onto seats. 
The crash is noted as the most serious incident in DIA's history. The aircraft was subsequently written off.
Injuries.
Of the 110 passengers and 5 crew on board, some 38 sustained injuries including broken bones, though everyone on board survived. Two injuries were critical, though both passengers' conditions were upgraded that evening. By the following morning, fewer than seven people remained hospitalized.
The captain was among the critically injured. He was hospitalized with serious back injuries and bone fractures.
Investigation.
The aircraft's black boxes were recovered from the wreckage in usable condition. The cockpit voice recorder did not reveal any apparent problem until 41 seconds after the aircraft's brakes were released, just before takeoff. At that point a bumping or rattling sound can be heard, and the crew aborted the takeoff four seconds later. Both recorders stopped working six seconds after that (before the plane came to a stop). At one point during the sequence, the plane's speed reached .
When interviewed, the first officer told investigators that he was unaware of any problem until the plane was traveling between , when it moved away from the runway's centerline and made a "sudden left turn". He indicated that the captain, who was too badly injured to interview with officials when the investigation began, was flying at the time. Both the captain and first officer had clean safety records when the crash occurred and were experienced pilots.
Wheel marks left on the ground as well as initial reports from passengers and firefighters indicate that the plane was airborne, briefly. It is unclear at which point during the sequence the fire started. There was no snow or ice on the runway, however there were crosswinds at the time.
The flight crew that flew the aircraft to Denver prior to the incident flight was also on board, though not on duty, and reported having no difficulties with the plane during their previous flight. It suffered an engine failure and subsequent emergency landing in 1995, following which both engines were replaced, but was otherwise undamaged in that incident.
Initial reports indicated that the plane could have suffered a landing gear malfunction that might have resulted in a wheel lockup during the takeoff roll, leading to the runway excursion. NTSB officials said that when the takeoff began, the aircraft's engines appeared to be functioning properly, its tires were inflated, and the brakes did not appear as if they had failed or otherwise malfunctioned, concluding that the landing gear did not cause any problems.
On July 17, 2009 it was announced that focus had shifted to a possible large gust of wind or a patch of ice. The pilot of the aircraft stated that: "My speculation is that we either got a big, nasty gust of wind or that, with the controls we had in, we hit some ice." The winds were reported at about from the northwest with gusts up to nearly just before the airliner began its takeoff roll northward down a north-south runway. The 737 has a crosswind limitation for takeoff of on a dry runway.
According to an article published on July 18, 2009, in the Denver Post, Flight 1404 had been equipped with "winglets," curved, upswept structures added to the tips of wings, in November 2008. The article states that "Continental's B-737 flight manual 'limitations section' showed a crosswind limit of 33 knots for a dry runway...But NTSB added that the manufacturer and installer of winglets that were on the airplane had published 'a maximum demonstrated crosswind component of 22 knots for winglet-equipped B-737-500s.'"
On July 13, 2010 the NTSB published that the probable cause of this accident was the captain's cessation of right rudder input, which was needed to maintain directional control of the airplane, about 4 seconds before the excursion, when the airplane encountered a strong and gusty crosswind that exceeded the captain's training and experience.

</doc>
<doc id="20798014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798014" title="Bobby Mitchell (1970s outfielder)">
Bobby Mitchell (1970s outfielder)

Robert Vance Mitchell (born October 22, 1943) is a retired American professional baseball player. The Norristown, Pennsylvania, native was an outfielder and designated hitter who appeared in 273 Major League Baseball games played between and for the New York Yankees and Milwaukee Brewers. He also played for the Nippon Ham Fighters of Nippon Professional Baseball from 1976 through 1979.
Mitchell threw and batted right-handed; he stood tall and weighed . He was originally signed by the Boston Red Sox in and selected by the Yankees in the Rule 5 Draft. He had 143 career MLB hits in 609 at bats, with 29 doubles, six triples and 14 stolen bases.

</doc>
<doc id="20798016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798016" title="Secondary flux">
Secondary flux

A secondary flux is a ceramic flux (such as calcium, barium, magnesium or zinc oxide) which does not act as a good flux (i.e., lower the melting point of the mixture) alone, but is effective when used in combination with other fluxes. They also tend to act as "anti-fluxes" at lower temperatures, and may produce matt or opaque glazes under those conditions. For example, calcium oxide is generally used with sodium or potassium and by itself has little fluxing effect at pyrometric cone 6 but does act as a flux at cone 8.
A primary flux is a metal ion such as sodium which acts as a flux at all temperatures. 

</doc>
<doc id="20798021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798021" title="Tawfik (given name)">
Tawfik (given name)

Tawfik () is an Arabic name given to males. The Hebrew equivalent for male given name is () Tovik or Tuvik. Both names are derived from the ancient Semitic root T-F-K meaning "good", "success", "God is good with you", "reconciliation", "good fortune" or "fortunate". It is also possible to be used as a surname. It has a lot of spelling variations some of them are Toufic, Toufik, Toufick, Tofik, Tofic, Tofick, Tovik, Tovic, Tovick, Touvik, Toviq, Tufic, Tufik, Tufick, Tuvik, Tuvic, Tuvick, Tuviq, Taufic, Taofik, Taofeeq, Taofeek, Taofiq, Taufik, Taufiq, Taufick, Tawfiq, Tawfik, Tawfic, Tawfick, Tevfik, Tewfik, Teufik, Taufeeq, Tawfeeq, Tofig, Tofiq and Tefik. The name is similar in meaning to "Tobias".

</doc>
<doc id="20798032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798032" title="Carolyn Rovee-Collier">
Carolyn Rovee-Collier

Carolyn Rovee-Collier is a Professor of Psychology at Rutgers University. She is a pioneer and an internationally-renowned expert in cognitive development. She is also recognized as the founder of infant long-term memory research. Her research focuses on learning and memory in pre-verbal infants. In her research, she uses operant and deferred imitation procedures to study latent learning (how new information is integrated with old information), and how memory retrieval affects future retention. Rovee-Collier has authored 200 articles and chapters and a 2001 book (with Hayne and Colombo), "The development of implicit and explicit memory", and has received recognition for her research accomplishments from various organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20798036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798036" title="Aleksandr Berkutov">
Aleksandr Berkutov

Aleksandr Nikolaevich Berkutov (; May 21, 1933 – November 7, 2012) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Zubchaninovka, Samara Oblast. In 1956 he and his partner Yuri Tyukalov won the gold medal in the double sculls event. Fours years later he won the silver medal with Yuri Tyukalov in the double sculls competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20798038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798038" title="East Atlantic Flyway">
East Atlantic Flyway

The East Atlantic Flyway is a migration route used by about 90 million birds annually, passing from their breeding areas in United States Canada, Greenland, Iceland, Siberia and northern Europe to wintering areas in western Europe and on to southern Africa. It is one of the eight major flyways used by waders and shorebirds. The migrants follow a great circle route, which is shorter although more challenging.
Wetlands International has identified key sites on the flyway in the project Wings Over Wetlands.
Important key sites on the flyway include:
The flyway attracted attention in the 2000s when birds using the route were found to have been carrying H5n1 (bird flu).

</doc>
<doc id="20798057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798057" title="Line of succession to the Japanese throne">
Line of succession to the Japanese throne

The line of succession to the Japanese throne is the list of all people who may become Emperor of Japan.
Line of succession.
The following is the order of succession to the Japanese throne : 
Succession rules.
Article 2 of the Constitution of Japan provides that "The Imperial Throne shall be dynastic and succeeded to in accordance with the Imperial Household Law passed by the Diet." "The Imperial Household Law of 1947" enacted by the 92nd and last session of the Imperial Diet, retained the exclusion on female dynasts found in the 1889 law. The government of Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida hastily cobbled together the legislation to bring the Imperial House in compliance with the American-written Constitution of Japan that went into effect in May 1947. In an effort to control the size of the imperial family, the law stipulates that only legitimate male descendants in the male line can be dynasts; that "naishinnō" (imperial princesses) and "joō" (princesses) lose their status as imperial family-members if they marry outside the imperial family; that "shinnō" (imperial princes), other than the crown prince, "ō" (princes), unmarried imperial princesses and princesses, and the widows of imperial princes and princes may, upon their own request or in the event of special circumstances, renounce their membership in the imperial family with approval of the Imperial House Council; and that the Emperor and other members of the imperial family may not adopt children.
Succession crisis.
Before September 2006, there was a potential succession crisis since no male child had been born into the imperial family since Prince Akishino in 1965. Following the birth of Princess Aiko, there was some public debate about amending the Imperial House Law to allow female descendants of an emperor and their descendants to succeed to the throne. In January 2005, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi appointed a special panel of judges, university professors, and civil servants to study changes to the Imperial House Law and to make recommendations to the government.
On January 24, 2005, the Japanese government announced that it would consider allowing the Crown Prince and Crown Princess to adopt a male child, in order to avoid a possible succession disputes. Adoption from other male-line branches of the Imperial Line is an age-old imperial Japanese tradition for dynastic purposes, prohibited only in modern times by Western influence. The child would presumably be adopted from one of the former imperial branches which lost imperial status after World War II. However, a government-appointed panel of experts submitted a report on October 25, 2005, recommending that the imperial succession law be amended to permit absolute primogeniture.
The late Prince Tomohito of Mikasa opposed the introduction of absolute primogeniture, as have several Japanese lawmakers.

</doc>
<doc id="20798078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798078" title="Office de Radiodiffusion et Télévision du Bénin">
Office de Radiodiffusion et Télévision du Bénin

Office de Radiodiffusion et Télévision du Bénin (ORTB) is a mainstream terrestrial television channel and radio operator in Benin. It has its headquarters in Cotonou.

</doc>
<doc id="20798082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798082" title="Igor Buldakov">
Igor Buldakov

Igor Vasilevich Buldakov (, August 26, 1930 – April 30, 1979) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he and his partner Viktor Ivanov won the silver medal in the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20798088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798088" title="RTÉ Sports Team of the Year Award">
RTÉ Sports Team of the Year Award

The RTÉ Sports Team of the Year Award is given on an annual basis to the sporting team or partnership considered to have made the most substantative contribution to sport in that year.
List of winners.
!Year
!Winner
!Sport
!Achievement
Shortlists.
The winner is in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="20798095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798095" title="The Williams Brothers">
The Williams Brothers

The Williams Brothers were a singing quartet that performed extensively on radio, movies, nightclubs, and television from 1938 through the 1990s.
History.
The four "Williams Brothers"—Bob, Don, Dick and Andy Williams—formed a singing quartet in the mid-1930s in Wall Lake, Iowa. Their father, Jay Williams, managed and promoted the group. They entertained on radio stations, first at WHO in Des Moines, Iowa, and later at WLS in Chicago and WLW in Cincinnati, before they moved to Los Angeles in 1943, where they were under contract with the MGM film studio. The Williams Brothers appeared in "Janie" (1944), "Kansas City Kitty" (1944), "Ladies' Man" (1947), and "Something in the Wind" (1947).
They also appeared with Bing Crosby on the hit record "Swinging on a Star" (1944). This led to a nightclub act with entertainer Kay Thompson from 1947 to 1951. The act was staged by MGM choreographer, Robert Alton. They toured night-clubs and cabarets in the United States and internationally with great success and appeared on radio and television establishing a loyal cult following with their jazz-based harmonies and flamboyant performance style. The act broke up in 1951 and the brothers went separate ways, appearing annually on The Andy Williams Show from 1962 through the 1990s.
Tribute.
Liza Minnelli has paid tribute to the "Kay Thompson and the Williams Brothers" act in The South Bank Show (2008). In her 2008 tour, Minnelli devoted much of the performance to recreating the act, using Thompson's trademark music. The success of this tribute led to Minnelli's return to Broadway in December 2008. "Liza's At The Palace!" opened at New York's legendary Palace Theatre, an affectionate salute to her godmother, Kay Thompson. Supported by a quartet of dynamic singer/dancers standing in for the original Williams Brothers, Liza performed musical hits (with the original vocal arrangements) from the famous act, including such numbers as “I Love a Violin,” “Clap Yo' Hands,” “Jubilee Time”, and “Hello Hello”. The show won a Tony Award, and was subsequently released on a double CD- preserving the nightclub material in a state-of-the-art recording.
Second generation.
Twin brothers Andrew Williams and David Williams (born February 22, 1959), from Henderson, Nevada, recorded as The Williams Brothers in the 1990s, and made the Billboard Hot 100 with their song "Can't Cry Hard Enough" in 1992. As potential teen idols, they had also made the Hot 100 in 1974, billed as "Andy and David Williams", with the #92 entry "What's Your Name"; this followed an appearance in "The Partridge Family", and features in the of-the-day teen magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="20798113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798113" title="Viktor Nikolayevich Ivanov">
Viktor Nikolayevich Ivanov

Viktor Nikolaevich Ivanov (, born December 21, 1930) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he and his partner Igor Buldakov won the silver medal in the coxless pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20798116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798116" title="The Nubians of Plutonia">
The Nubians of Plutonia

The Nubians of Plutonia is an album recorded by Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra c.1958 - 1959 and released c.1966 on his own Saturn label. Originally released in a blank sleeve under the title Lady With The Stockings, the album had gained its current title, and sleeve by Richard Pedreguera, by 1969. In common with most releases by Sun Ra at the time, the record was printed in extremely limited numbers and primarily available at concerts and mail-order. The record was reissued by Impulse! in 1974, and on CD by Evidence in 1993, backed with the contemporaneous album "Angels and Demons at Play".
"The Nubians of Plutonia... evidence an Arkestra moving into ever looser, more abstract ground. The percussion becomes more varied and moves ever closer to the foreground. 'The Golden Lady' seduces with a swaying groove created by a combination of simple parts: hi-hat, cow bell, wood blocks, rolling floor toms and bass. Ra then sets up a dark melodic theme, and then the Arkestra proceeds to weave a series of jaunty, blues-tinged solos into the fabric of the groove. 'Nubia', 'Africa' and 'Aiethopia' continue this excursion into more mystical, rhythm-based territory. The Arkestra utilizes the same ominous, simmering percussion beds, now augmented by more exotic instruments like Pat Patrick's 'space lute', which gives a playfully sinister sound to 'Africa'... This powerful, multi-faceted music is a great place to start if you are just beginning to travel with Sun Ra, or a great way to continue the journey." Mathew Wuethrich 
Track listing.
12" Vinyl.
All songs were written by Sun Ra.
Side A:
Side B:
Musicians.
Sun Ra - Piano, Wurlitzer Electric Piano
Lucious Randolph - Trumpet
Nate Pryor - Trombone
James Spaulding - Alto Sax
Marshall Allen - Alto Sax
John Gilmore - Tenor Sax, Percussion
Pat Patrick - Baritone Sax, Percussion
Charles Davis - Baritone Sax
Ronnie Boykins - Bass
Robert Barry - Drums
Jim Herndon - Percussion
On 'Watusa', William Fielder replaced Lucious Randolph on Trumpet.
Recorded in rehearsal, Chicago, either 1958 or 1959. Lucious Randolph recalled recording "Aiethopia" in a club with bad acoustics; “the mike was on the other end.”
See also.
Sun Ra Discography

</doc>
<doc id="20798135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798135" title="Veten">
Veten

Veten is a mountain in the city of Bergen, Norway. At 486 metres above sea level, it is the highest mountain in Åsane borough, and the ninth highest in Bergen. The name is an archaic word for "beacon" in Norwegian.

</doc>
<doc id="20798171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798171" title="New Zealand general election, 2011">
New Zealand general election, 2011

The 2011 New Zealand general election on Saturday 26 November 2011 determined the membership of the 50th New Zealand Parliament.
One hundred and twenty-one MPs were elected to the House of Representatives of New Zealand, 70 from single-member electorates, including one overhang seat, and 51 from party lists. New Zealand since 1996 has used the Mixed Member Proportional (MMP) voting system, giving voters two votes: one for a political party and the other for their local electorate MP. A referendum on the voting system was held at the same time as the election, with voters voting by majority to keep the MMP system.
A total of 3,070,847 people were registered to vote in the election, with over 2.2 million votes cast and a turnout of 74.21% – the lowest turnout since 1887. The incumbent National Party, led by John Key, gained the plurality with 47.3% of the party vote and 59 seats, two seats short of holding a majority. The opposing Labour Party, led by Phil Goff, lost ground winning 27.5% of the vote and 34 seats, while the Green Party won 11.1% of the vote and 14 seats – the biggest share of the party vote for a minor party since 1996. New Zealand First, having won no seats in 2008 due to its failure to either reach the 5% threshold or win an electorate, made a comeback with 6.6% of the vote entitling them to eight seats.
National's confidence and supply partners in the 49th Parliament meanwhile suffered losses. ACT New Zealand won less than a third of the party vote it received in 2008, reducing from five seats to one. The Māori Party was reduced from five seats to three, as the party vote split between the Māori Party and former Māori Party MP Hone Harawira's Mana Party. United Future lost party votes, but retained their one seat in Parliament.
Following the election, National reentered into confidence and supply agreements with ACT and United Future on 5 December 2011, and with the Māori Party on 11 December 2011, to form a minority government with a seven-seat majority (64 seats to 57) and give the Fifth National Government a second term in office.
Background.
Election date and other key dates.
The election date was set as Saturday 26 November 2011, as predicted by the media. Breaking with tradition, Prime Minister John Key announced the election date in February. Traditionally, the election date is a closely guarded secret, announced as late as possible. The date follows the tradition of holding the general election on the last Saturday of November unless the schedule is interrupted by a snap election or to circumvent holding a by-election.
The Governor General must issue writs for an election within seven days of the expiration or dissolution of Parliament. Under section 17 of the Constitution Act 1986, Parliament expires three years "from the day fixed for the return of the writs issued for the last preceding general election of members of the House of Representatives, and no longer." The writs for the previous general election were returnable on 27 November 2008. As a result, the 49th Parliament would have expired, if not dissolved earlier, on 27 November 2011. As that day was a Sunday, the last available working day was 25 November 2011. Consequently, the last day for issuance of writs of election was 2 December 2011. Except in some circumstances (such a recount or the death/incapacitation of an electorate candidate), the writs must be returned within 50 days of their issuance with the last possible working day being 20 January 2012. Because polling day must be a Saturday, the last possible polling date for the election was 7 January 2012, allowing time for the counting of special votes. The Christmas/New Year holiday period made the last realistic date for the election Saturday 10 December 2011. The Rugby World Cup 2011 was hosted by New Zealand between 9 September and 23 October 2011, and ruled out all the possible election dates in this period. This left two possible windows for the general election: on or before 2 September and 29 October to 10 December.
Key dates of the election were:
However, as the recount of the Waitakere was not completed in time for the writ to be returned on 15 December, the return of the writ was delayed to 17 December 2011.
49th Parliament, 2008–2011.
Following the 2008 general election, National Party leader and Prime Minister John Key announced a confidence and supply agreement with ACT, the Māori Party and United Future to form the Fifth National Government. These arrangements gave the National-led government a majority of 16 seats, with 69 on confidence-and-supply in the 122-seat Parliament.
Labour, Greens and the Progressives are all in opposition, although only the Labour and Progressive parties formally constitute the formal Opposition; the Greens have a minor agreement with the government but are not committed to "confidence and supply" support.
At the 2008 election, the National Party had 58 seats, the Labour Party 43 seats, Green Party 9 seats, ACT and Māori Party five each, and Progressive and United Future one each. During the Parliament session, two members defected from their parties – Chris Carter was expelled from Labour in August 2010, and Hone Harawira left the Māori Party in February 2011. Carter continued as an independent, while Harawira resigned from parliament to recontest his Te Tai Tokerau electorate in a by-election under his newly formed Mana Party. Two MPs resigned from Parliament before the end of the session, John Carter of National and Chris Carter, but as they resigned within 6 months of an election, their seats remained vacant.
At the dissolution of the 49th parliament on 20 October 2011, National held 57 seats, Labour 42 seats, Green 9 seats, ACT 5 seats, Māori 4 seats, and Progressive, United Future and Mana one each.
Marginal seats in 2008.
At the 2008 election, the following seats were won by a majority of less than 1000 votes:
MPs retiring in 2011.
Nineteen MPs, including all five ACT MPs and the sole Progressive MP, intended to retire at the end of the 49th Parliament. One of the ACT MPs, John Boscawen, contested Tāmaki, but did not expect to win and was not on the party list. National MP Allan Peachey died three weeks before the election.
Electorate boundaries.
Electorates in the election were the same as at the 2008 election.
Electorates and their boundaries in New Zealand are reviewed every five years after the Census of Population and Dwellings. The last review took place in 2007, following the 2006 census. The next review is not due until 2014, following the 2013 census (the 2011 census was cancelled due to the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake).
Election procedures.
On 17 September 2010, Justice Minister Simon Power announced the government was introducing legislation making this the first election where voters would be able to re-enrol completely on-line. Enrolments on-line beforehand still required the election form to be printed, signed, and sent by post.
Voters in the Christchurch region were encouraged to cast their votes before election day if they had doubt about being able to get to a polling booth on election day or to avoid long queues, as many traditional polling booths are unavailable due to the earthquakes. Nineteen advance voting stations were made available, with three of them campervans, which are usually only used in rural areas of New Zealand. The Christchurch Central electorate, for example, has 33 polling stations in 2011 compared to 45 in 2008.
Contesting parties and candidates.
At the close of nominations, 544 individuals had been nominated to contest the election, down from 682 at the 2008 election. Of those, 91 were list-only, 73 were electorate-only (43 from registered parties, 17 independents, and 13 from non-registered parties), and 380 contested both list and electorate.
Political parties registered with the Electoral Commission on Writ Day can contest the general election as a party, allowing it to submit a party list to contend the party vote, and have a party election expenses limit in addition to individual candidate limits. At Writ Day, sixteen political parties were registered to contend the general election. At the close of nominations, thirteen registered parties had put forward a party list to the Commission to contest the party vote, down from nineteen in 2008.
The Kiwi Party, the New Citizen Party and the Progressive Party were registered, but did not contend the election under their own banners. The Kiwi Party and the New Citizen Party stood candidates for the Conservative Party.
In addition to the registered parties and their candidates, thirteen candidates from nine non-registered parties contested electorates. The Human Rights Party contested Auckland Central, the Communist League Manukau East and Mount Roskill, the Nga Iwi Morehu Movement contested Hauraki-Waikato and Te Tai Hauauru, the Pirate Party contested Hamilton East and Wellington Central, the Sovereignty Party contested Clutha-Southland and Te Tai Hauauru, Economic Euthenics contested Wigram, New Economics contested Wellington Central, Restore All Things In Christ contested Dunedin South, and the Youth Party contested West Coast-Tasman.
Seventeen independent candidates also contested the electorates in thirteen electorates: Christchurch Central, Coromandel, Epsom (two), Hamilton West (two), New Plymouth, Ōtaki, Rangitikei (two), Rongotai, Tāmaki (two), Tauranga, Waitaki, Wellington Central, and Ikaroa-Rawhiti
Campaigning.
Epsom and the Tea Tape scandal.
On 11 November, National Party leader John Key met with John Banks, the ACT candidate for Epsom, over a cup of tea at a cafe in Newmarket to send a signal to Epsom voters about voting tactically. The National Party passively campaigned for Epsom voters to give their electorate vote to ACT while giving their party vote to National. This would allow ACT to bypass the 5% party vote threshold and enter Parliament by winning an electorate seat, thereby providing a coalition partner for National. However, in October and November 2011, polls of the Epsom electorate vote taken by various companies showed that the National candidate for Epsom, Paul Goldsmith, was leading in the polls and likely to win the seat. During the meeting, the two politicians' discussion was recorded by a device left on the table in a black pouch. The recording tapes were leaked to "The Herald on Sunday" newspaper, and subsequently created a media frenzy over the content of the unreleased tapes.
Debates.
TVNZ held three party leaders' debates: two between the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition, and one between the leaders of the smaller parties. TV3 hosted a single debate between the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
Pre-election coalition preferences.
The National Party ruled out working with New Zealand First's Winston Peters after the election. ACT confirmed it would work with National after the elections.
The Labour Party leader Phil Goff ruled out a coalition agreement with Hone Harawira's new Mana Party, but left open the possibility of reaching an agreement with New Zealand First.
In the 16 November minor parties debate, leaders from the minor parties stated their preferences:
Media bias.
A Massey University study released in November 2012 suggested newspaper coverage was favourable towards National and John Key. In the month leading up to the election, the big four newspapers in New Zealand – "The New Zealand Herald", "The Herald on Sunday", "The Dominion Post" and "The Sunday Star-Times" – printed 72 percent more photos of Key than his opponent, Phil Goff, and devoted twice as many column inches of text coverage.
Opinion polling.
The nature of the Mixed Member Proportional voting system, whereby the share of seats in Parliament a party gets is determined by its share of the nationwide party vote, means aside from normal polling bias and error, opinion polling in New Zealand is fairly accurate in predicting the outcome of an election compared with other countries.
Opinion polls were undertaken periodically since the 2008 election by MediaWorks New Zealand (3 News Reid Research), The New Zealand Herald (Herald Digipoll), Roy Morgan Research, and Television New Zealand ("One News" Colmar Brunton), with polls having also being conducted by Fairfax Media (Fairfax Media Research International) since July 2011. The graph on the right shows the collated results of all five polls for parties that have polled above the 5% electoral threshold.
After the 2008 election, National gained in popularity, and since 2009 has regularly polled in the 50-55% range, peaking at 55% in August 2009 and October 2011, before falling to 51% in the week before the election. Labour and Green meanwhile kept steady after the election at 31-34% and 7-8% respectively until July 2011, when Labour started to lose support, falling to just 26% before the election. The majority of Labour's loss was the Green's gain, rising to 13% in the same period. No other party peaked on average above 5% in the period.
Results.
Electorate results.
Prior to the election, the National Party held the majority of the electorate seats with 41. Labour held 20 seats, Māori held four seats, and ACT, Mana, Progressive, United Future and an ex-Labour independent held one seat each.
After the election, National gained one seat to hold 42 seats, Labour gained three seats to hold 23 electorates, Māori lost one seat to hold three, and ACT, Mana, and United Future held steady with one seat each. A National or Labour candidate took second place in all the general electorates except Rodney, where it was Conservative Party leader Colin Craig.
In eleven electorates, the incumbents did not seek re-election, and new MPs were elected. In Coromandel, North Shore, Northland, Rangitikei, Rodney and Tāmaki, the seats were passed from incumbent National MPs to new National MPs; in Epsom, the seat was passed from the incumbent ACT MP to the new ACT MP; and in Dunedin North and Manurewa, the seats were passed from incumbent Labour MPs to new Labour MPs. Labour also won Te Atatu from the retiring ex-Labour independent, and Wigram from the retiring Progressive MP.
Of the 59 seats where the incumbent sought re-election, four changed hands. In West Coast-Tasman, Labour's Damien O'Connor regained the seat from National's Chris Auchinvole, who defeated him for the seat in 2008. In Waimakariri, National's Kate Wilkinson defeated Labour MP Clayton Cosgrove, and in Te Tai Tonga, Labour's Rino Tirikatene defeated Maori Party MP Rahui Katene. Christchurch Central on election night ended with incumbent Labour MP Brendon Burns and National's Nicky Wagner tied on 10,493 votes each, and on official counts, swung to Nicky Wagner with a 45-vote majority, increasing to 47 votes on a judicial recount. Despite losing their electorate seats, Chris Auchinvole and Clayton Cosgrove were re-elected into parliament via the party list.
On election night, Waitakere was won by incumbent National MP Paula Bennett with a 349-vote majority over Labour's Carmel Sepuloni. On official counts, it swung to Sepuloni with a majority of 11 votes, and Bennett subsequently requested a judicial recount, and on the recount, the seat swung back to Bennett with a majority of nine votes. Bennett was declared elected, and Sepuloni was not returned via the party list due to her list ranking, being replaced in the Labour caucus with Raymond Huo.
Five electorates returned with the winner having a majority of less than one thousand – Waitakere (9), Christchurch Central (47), Waimakariri (642), (717) and Tāmaki Makaurau (936).
! Electorate !! colspan=2 | Incumbent !! colspan=2 | Winner !! Majority !! colspan=2 | Runner-up
List results.
The election was notable for the entry in Parliament of New Zealand's first ever profoundly deaf MP, Mojo Mathers, number 14 on the Green Party's list.
Changes in MPs.
In total, 25 new MPs were elected to Parliament, and three former MPs returned.
New MPs:
Scott Simpson,
Maggie Barry,
Mike Sabin,
Ian McKelvie,
Mark Mitchell,
Simon O'Connor,
Alfred Ngaro,
Jian Yang,
Paul Goldsmith,
David Clark,
Rino Tirikatene,
Megan Woods,
Andrew Little,
Eugenie Sage,
Jan Logie,
Steffan Browning,
Denise Roche,
Holly Walker,
Julie Anne Genter,
Tracey Martin,
Andrew Williams,
Richard Prosser,
Denis O'Rourke,
Asenati Taylor,
Brendan Horan
Returning MPs:
John Banks,
Winston Peters,
Barbara Stewart
Defeated MPs:
Paul Quinn,
Steve Chadwick,
Stuart Nash,
Kelvin Davis,
Carmel Sepuloni,
Rick Barker,
Rahui Katene
Defeated MPs who later returned during the 50th Parliament
Aaron Gilmore,
Carol Beaumont
Election expenses.
The Electoral Commission released party electoral expense returns on 21 March 2012, stating how much each party spent on campaigning between 26 August and 25 November 2011. Candidate only expenses were excluded.
Of note in the party expenses was the $1.88 million spent by the Conservative Party, spending more than but gaining less than one-tenth of the votes of the Labour Party. Translated into dollars spent per party vote gained, the Conservatives spent $31.71 per vote, compared to Labour's $2.91 and National's $2.19.
Post-election events.
Changes in party leadership.
For the ACT party the mediocre election results on 26 November 2011 (1.1% of the party vote, with no list MPs, 1 electorate MP) resulted in Don Brash tendering his resignation as leader, stating that he took full responsibility for the party's poor performance.
On 29 November the leader of the Labour party Phil Goff and the deputy leader Annette King tendered their resignations to a meeting of the caucus, effective on Tuesday 13 December 2011. After a fortnight-long leadership campaign and election, David Shearer, with deputy Grant Robertson, won Labour caucus support over the ticket of David Cunliffe and Nanaia Mahuta.

</doc>
<doc id="20798180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798180" title="Vladimir Petrov (rower)">
Vladimir Petrov (rower)

Vladimir Viktorovich Petrov (, born April 27, 1932) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow.
In 1956 he was the coxswain of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event. He was also the coxswain of the Soviet boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20798224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798224" title="Prairie Valley School Division">
Prairie Valley School Division

Prairie Valley School Division No. 208 comprises 38 schools in 30 communities. Prairie Valley SD belongs to Region 4, Regina along with Holy Trinity R.C.S.S.D No. 22, Prairie South School Division No. 210, Regina School Division No. 4, and Regina R.C.S.S.D No. 81 
Amalgamation.
Aspen Grove SD #144 amalgamated in 2006 with Prairie Valley School Division No. 208.

</doc>
<doc id="20798268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798268" title="Bench of Counts of Westphalia">
Bench of Counts of Westphalia

The Bench of Counts of Westphalia was one of the four comital benches of the Reichstag in the Holy Roman Empire. Collectively, the Counts exercised one vote. Territories which belonged to the Bench before 1582 (the date from which admission to the Reichstag was administered by strict rules) are known as "Old Counts," and those added afterwards are known as "New Counts," in a manner exercised similarly by the College of Princes. A state could have the right to vote in the bench if they ruled an Imperial Estate with a right to vote in the Bench, or if they ruled a significant immediate territory which a right to vote in the Bench.

</doc>
<doc id="20798269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798269" title="Let It Snow (disambiguation)">
Let It Snow (disambiguation)

Let It Snow often refers to "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!", a popular Christmas song recorded by multiple artists.
Let It Snow may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20798272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798272" title="Valentin Boreyko">
Valentin Boreyko

Valentin Vasilevich Boreyko (; October 27, 1933 – December 27, 2012) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leningrad.
In 1960 he and his partner Oleg Golovanov won the gold medal in the coxless pairs event.
Fours years later he and Oleg Golovanov were eliminated in the repechage of the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20798309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798309" title="Oleg Golovanov">
Oleg Golovanov

Oleg Sergeevich Golovanov (, born December 15, 1934) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leningrad.
In 1960 he and his partner Valentin Boreyko won the gold medal in the coxless pairs event.
Fours years later he and Valentin Boreyko were eliminated in the repechage of the coxless pairs competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20798327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798327" title="MV Pelikan">
MV Pelikan

Pelikan was a 3,264 ton refrigerated cargo ship which was built in 1934. She was seized by the United Kingdom and renamed Empire Alde in 1945. In 1946, she was renamed "Pelikan". In 1947 she was renamed Pacuare, she was scrapped in 1958.
History.
"Pelikan" was built by Bremer Vulkan Schiff- und Maschinenbau, Bremen as yard number 712 and launched in 1934, being completed in January 1935. She was owned by the Afrikanische Frucht-Cie AG and managed by F Laeisz, Hamburg. In 1940, ownership passed to the Kriegsmarine although Lloyds Register continued to show "Pelikan" as a merchant ship. In 1945, "Pelikan" was seized at Brunsbüttel and ownership passed to the Ministry of War Transport and renamed "Empire Alde", under the management of the Southern Railway and later Kaye, Sons & Co. In 1946, "Empire Alde" was sold to Elders & Fyffes Ltd, regaining her original name of "Pelikan" before being renamed "Pacuare" in 1947. She was to serve until 1959, when she was sent to Troon for scrapping, arriving on 22 September.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Pelikan" used the Code Letters DJNP until 1945. "Empire Alde", "Pelican" and "Pacuare" used the UK Official Number 181664 from 1945-59

</doc>
<doc id="20798370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798370" title="Yuko Munakata">
Yuko Munakata

Yuko Munakata is a Professor of Psychology at the University of Colorado. She has specialized in developmental cognitive neuroscience, taking a connectionist approach to cognitive development. Her research investigates the processing mechanisms underlying cognitive development, using converging evidence from behavior, computational modeling, and cognitive neuroscience. She also focuses on understanding the prevalence of task-dependent behaviors during the first years of life. Munakata received a B.A. in symbolic systems from Stanford University in 1991; a Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 1996, where her advisor was James McClelland; and completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1996-1997. She worked at the University of Denver from 1997–2001, and joined the faculty of the University of Colorado in 2002, but continues to work at DU as an adjunct professor of psychology. Munakata is a member of the Institute of Cognitive Sciences and the Center for Neuroscience at CU.

</doc>
<doc id="20798387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798387" title="Medicine Hat Police Service">
Medicine Hat Police Service

Medicine Hat Police Service is the municipal police force for the City of Medicine Hat, Alberta. Currently headed by Chief Andy McGrogan when Chief Gordon Earl suddenly died in office.
MHPS is the first police force in Canada to receive a Police Service Banner and first in Alberta to be granted a National Municipal Police Service Badge by the Canadian Heraldic Authority. 

</doc>
<doc id="20798390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798390" title="Rytis Daukantas">
Rytis Daukantas

Rytis Daukantas (born 1980) is a Lithuanian architect and editorial cartoonist. His cartoons appear in Delfi.lt and The Wall Street Journal Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20798405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798405" title="Cord lock">
Cord lock

A plastic cord lock (also known as cord fastener, plastic stopper or cord toggle) attaches to drawstrings and tightens without the use of knots. Cord locks allow mountaineers to fasten clothing and camping equipment quickly in cold conditions when the fingers are encased in heavy gloves. They consist generally of three parts: a barrel, a toggle (plunger), and a spring. Squeezed together, tension is released and the cord lock can move freely up and down the cords. Released, the tension is engaged and the cord lock stays in place. They come in many sizes and shapes to suit to any purpose, including plastic cord lock, mini size cord lock, no spring cord lock, with spring cord lock, with rim cord lock.
Cord fasteners are used in many different applications to retain one or more cord segments or drawstrings in a tightened condition and to release such cord segments when desired. For example, cord locks are used in connection with garments that include drawstrings, such as hooded jackets and sweatshirts. Such fasteners are also used on various types of bags such as laundry bags and other storage bags that utilize cords to temporarily close an open end. They are also used in window blinds. They vary in size depending on the particular application, from long.
The original cord lock was invented by Mark J. Krauss in 1986. Cord locks are usually purchased from a haberdashery.

</doc>
<doc id="20798414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798414" title="Antanas Bagdonavičius">
Antanas Bagdonavičius

Antanas Bagdonavičius (born 15 June 1938) is a retired Lithuanian rower. He competed for the Soviet Union at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in the coxed pairs in 1960 (with Zigmas Jukna) finishing in fifth and third place in the eights in 1964 and 1968, respectively. Between 1961 and 1967 he won three gold and four silver medals at European and world championships.
In 1963 Bagdonavičius graduated from the Physics Department of Vilnius University. He retired from competitions around late 1960s, and since 1970 worked as a rowing coach, referee and functionary in Vilnius. He was noted for his calm behavior in any stressing situation.

</doc>
<doc id="20798415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798415" title="The Last of the Nuba">
The Last of the Nuba

'The Last of the Nuba' is the English-language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 1973 'Die Nuba', an illustrations book published a year later in the United States. The book was an international bestseller and was followed-up by the successful 1976 book "Die Nuba von Kau".
Overview.
From 1962 until 1977 Riefenstahl had been living as the first white woman with a special permission issued by the Sudanese government in the remote valleys of the central Sudan among the Nuba tribe. She studied their way of life and recorded it on film and in pictures. These picture documents hold a unique anthropological, ethnological, and cultural-historical importance due to the circumstances through which the Nuba's historical way of life is approaching its irreversible end, primarily through the advance of civilization.
Reception.
The book performed well both critically and commercially. It is generally accepted that Riefenstahl's photography of the Nuban tribe rehabilitated her career as an artist.
"Newsweek" called the book "the year's most compelling picture book in any category" one that is "deeply romantic - but never romanticized" and is "monumentally moving". Eudora Welty continued this praise in the "New York Times" citing its "absorbing beauty" and "cumulative power". Jonas Mekas wrote that her photographs "can cut through your heart" and declared "She is a monument. She is a mountain. She is a genius."
Although shortly after its 1974 release in America, the critic Susan Sontag scrutinized the "fascist aesthetics" of the works in her widely read essay "Fascinating Fascism". Writing in the "New York Review of Books" in 1975 "The fascist dramaturgy centers on the orgiastic transactions between mighty forces and their puppets," . She continued "Its choreography alternates between ceaseless motion and a congealed, static, 'virile' posing." Sontag writes that the collection was the "final, necessary step in Riefenstahl's rehabilitation. It is the final rewrite of the past; or, for her partisans, the definitive confirmation that she was always a beauty-freak rather than a horrid propagandist" and that it was "certainly the most ravishing book of photographs published anywhere in recent years."
The Art Director's Club of Germany awarded Leni a gold medal for the best photographic achievement of 1975.
Africa collection.
The photographs were republished along with those of "The People of Kau" and "Vanishing Africa" in the 2002 book, "Africa" by Leni Riefenstahl. The collection garnered positive reviews;
"A big, black Mercedez-Benz of a book... Ideology aside, the pictures are hard to resist, combining all the voyeuristic pleasures of National Geographic-style anthropology with an unequivocal appreciation of the innate grace and symmetry of the human form... Riefenstahl`s photographs preserve a mythic vision of this Eden before the fall, a romantic lost world, captured in images as powerfully seductive as the artist herself." "V Magazine"
"A magnificent collection and a fitting celebration of this formidable artist's 100th birthday." 
"The Times Higher Education Supplement"
"an imposing collection". "Newsweek"
Documentary.
Together with her other published photographs of the Nuba, several photographs from the book were showcased in the 1993 documentary, "The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl". For the first time, Riefenstahl's extensive moving footage of the Nuba was also shown to the public in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20798429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798429" title="Anthony Forde">
Anthony Forde

Anthony Forde (born July 6, 1962) is a Barbadian darts player.
Forde won the 2004 Caribbean and South American Masters which earned him a place in the 2005 PDC World Darts Championship where he lost in the first round to John Verwey. He won the tournament again in 2007, which earned him a place in the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship. He defeated Japan's Akihiro Nagakawa in the preliminary round and faced reigning champion Raymond van Barneveld in the first round where he lost 3-0.
Forde was denied a third visit to the World Championship after losing in the final of the 2009 Caribbean and South American Masters to 2003 champion Norman Madhoo of Guyana.

</doc>
<doc id="20798446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798446" title="Barclay, Texas">
Barclay, Texas

Barclay is an unincorporated community in southwest Falls County, Texas, United States. Barclay, the southernmost community in Falls County, is located on Farm-to-market road 413. The population was 58 in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20798457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798457" title="Zigmas Jukna">
Zigmas Jukna

Zigmas Pranciškus Jukna (13 July 1935 – 7 October 1980) was a Lithuanian rower. He competed for the Soviet Union at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics, and finished in second, fifth and third place in the coxed pairs, eights and eights events, respectively. Between 1961 and 1969 he won three gold and five silver medals at European and world championships. Starting from 1971 he worked as a judge with the International Rowing Federation.
In 1962 Jukna graduated from the Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences. He was married to Irena Jukna, also a competitive rower; they had a son. In the late 1970s Jukna was diagnosed with a brain tumor and died in 1980 after two operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20798489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798489" title="Mandy (comics)">
Mandy (comics)

Mandy was a British comic for girls, published weekly by D. C. Thomson & Co. from 21 January 1967 (#1) to 11 May 1991 (#1,269), with annuals appearing from 1972 until 2007.
From 1991 until the 30 December 1995 issue, it was published as a merged comic with "Judy". The two then merged with "Bunty" before ceasing publication completely in 2001.
Mandy's content, like many other girls comics from the time, appeared primarily in picture-story format. The majority of the stories were serialized, with typically 2-3 pages of a particular story appearing in each issue, and most stories lasting for 8-12 instalments. Some recurring theme elements of "Mandy" stories were:
Stories were generally moralistic in tone, with long-suffering heroines finally achieving happiness, while villainous relatives or girls who were liars, cheats and bullies received their comeuppance.
Two of the longest-running and most popular picture stories, which also featured in almost every annual, were "Angel" and "Valda". "Angel" centred around Angela Hamilton, a young, wealthy Victorian girl who discovers she has only a year to live and decides to devote her remaining time to caring for orphaned and unwanted children in the slums of the East End of London. "Valda" stories are set in many different times and places and follow the adventures of a girl with extraordinary abilities and apparently indefinite lifespan. Valda, who draws her physical strength from energy or light passing through a mysterious 'Crystal of Life' that she carries, travels the world coming to the aid of the oppressed and those threatened by dark or supernatural forces.
Mandy also ran text stories, usually serialized in the same manner as the picture-stories, of which the most popular was "The Guardian Tree". This followed the trials and tribulations of the Shaw family, when the five children are orphaned in Victorian times. The children, under the leadership of the eldest sister, Rose, escape the dreaded poorhouse by living on the moors in a cave beneath the roots of a vast tree they christen the "Guardian Tree", which appears to have mysterious and benevolent powers. The most popular text stories were often reworked and published as picture stories, including "The Guardian Tree" and "The Sad Star."

</doc>
<doc id="20798500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798500" title="Peloroplites">
Peloroplites

Peloroplites (from Greek "pelor" "monster", and "hoplites", "armoured soldier") is a genus of nodosaurid armored dinosaur from Lower Cretaceous rocks of Utah. It is known from a partial skull and partial postcranial remains from the base of the Mussentuchit Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation, deposited during the Aptian-Albian boundary, about 104.46 to 98.37 million years ago, and was found in Emery County, Utah. It was named in 2008 by Kenneth Carpenter and colleagues.
"Peloroplites" was about 5 to 5.5 meters (16 to 18 ft) long, comparable to its approximate contemporary "Sauropelta". It is one of the largest known nodosaurids, and came from a time when ankylosaurians in general were attaining large sizes.
Description.
"Peloroplites" is based on CEUM 26331, a partial skull, with numerous postcranial bones recovered from the same quarry. These specimens were designated paratypes. The type species is "P. cedrimontanus", in reference to the Cedar Mountain Formation.
The skull was about 56 centimeters (22 in) long, and 35.5 centimeters (14 in) wide between the eyes. It lacked beak teeth, and had only modest horn-like projections. The top of the skull was only slightly domed, and the only preserved upper cheek tooth was large and similar to teeth assigned to "Priconodon", another large nodosaurid from about the same time. The lower jaws are represented by their rear halves, and were heavily built.
Of the postcranial skeleton, bones from all areas of the body are represented, except the hind foot. Six fused vertebrae supported the hip, as in "Silvisaurus". The ilia, the largest bones of the hip, appear to have been flared out unusually, at 55° compared to the ~30° or ~40° degrees of other nodosaurids, but this could be a preservational accident. Unlike most other nodosaurids, the ulna was long and straight, and the major ankle bone (the astragalus) was not fused to the shin.
Paleobiology and paleoecology.
"Peloroplites" was found in mudstone, in a quarry that also produced fossils of a turtle, a pterosaur, four individuals of a new brachiosaurid sauropod, the basal ankylosaurid "Cedarpelta", and an iguanodont ornithopod. Ankylosaurians attained large sizes at the Aptian-Albian boundary; both "Peloroplites" and "Cedarpelta" are comparable in size to "Sauropelta", a nodosaurid from about the same time but known from the Cloverly Formation of Wyoming and Montana. In fact, isolated bones from older levels of the Cedar Mountain Formation, assigned to "Sauropelta", may actually pertain to "Peloroplites".
Ankylosaurians are usually interpreted as low-browsing quadrupedal herbivores. The large teeth and robust jaws of "Peloroplites" suggest that it was consuming tougher forage than other ankylosaurians.

</doc>
<doc id="20798513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798513" title="Harvard Forest">
Harvard Forest

Harvard Forest is an ecological research area of owned and managed by Harvard University and located in Petersham, Massachusetts. The property, in operation since 1907, includes one of North America's oldest managed forests, educational and research facilities, a museum, and recreation trails. Harvard Forest is open to the public.
Research and education.
Harvard University conducts forest biology and conservation research on the property, including two major programs: the Long Term Ecological Research LTER program, funded by the National Science Foundation and established in 1988 to investigate New England's natural ecosystem; and the National Institute of Global Environmental Change program established and funded by the United States Department of Energy and emphasizing the study of physical and biological processes in relation to climate change. Harvard Forest is also slated to be the northeastern core site of the National Ecological Observatory Network. A number of smaller research programs are also conducted in Harvard Forest.
The Fisher Museum.
The Fisher Museum, open on weekends, offers exhibits on current research as well as twenty-three model dioramas portraying the history, conservation and management of New England woodlands. A sixty-seat lecture hall is located in the museum.
Harvard Forest staff and students conduct educational programs and guided natural history tours for adults and children. Self-guided interpretive trails are located on the property, as well as several miles of primitive roads and trails, open to the public for non motorized recreation including hiking, wildlife observation, mountain biking, cross country skiing, hunting (in season) and similar passive pursuits. Camping, fires, and motorized vehicles are not allowed. An observation tower is located on the forest's Prospect Hill Tract.
The Fisher Museum and primary trailhead are located on Massachusetts Route 32 north of Petersham center.
Harvard Forest is part of an area of over of protected open space including several properties owned by The Trustees of Reservations, state forest land, and the Massachusetts Audubon Society's Rutland Brook Sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="20798541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798541" title="Chandy">
Chandy

Chandy may refer to:
People

</doc>
<doc id="20798545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798545" title="Charlie Mullen">
Charlie Mullen

Charles George Mullen (March 15, 1889 – June 6, 1963) was a Major League Baseball first baseman. From 1910 to 1911, Mullen played for the Chicago White Sox, who kept him at first base almost exclusively throughout his two seasons with the team. After a three-year absence, Mullen came back to the major leagues for play for the New York Yankees from 1914 to 1916. He had 183 hits in 741 at bats and 87 RBIs. 
Mullen died in Seattle, Washington. He is interred at Evergreen Washelli Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20798567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798567" title="Emmitsburg Historic District">
Emmitsburg Historic District

The Emmitsburg Historic District is a national historic district in Emmitsburg, Frederick County, Maryland. The district is predominantly residential and includes most of the older area of the town extending along Main Street and Seton Avenue. Also included are several commercial buildings and churches interspersed among the dwellings. The buildings are primarily two-story sided log or brick, dating from the late 18th to the mid 19th centuries. Some later 19th century buildings in this area include some large Italianate-influenced buildings forming the northeast and southeast corners of the main square; an area destroyed by fire in 1863. Settlement began in the region during the 1730s, bringing Protestant Germans and Scotch-Irish from Pennsylvania, as well as English Catholics from Tidewater Maryland.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20798580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798580" title="Igor Rudakov">
Igor Rudakov

Igor Aleksandrovich Rudakov (, born October 8, 1934) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leningrad.
In 1960 he was the coxswain of the Soviet boat which won the silver medal in the coxed pairs event. He was also the cox of the Soviet boat which finished fourth in the coxed fours competition.
Fours years later he finished fourth as coxswain with the Soviet boat in the coxed pairs competition.
At the 1968 Games he helped the Soviet boat as cox to qualify for the final of the coxed pairs event. But the team did not compete in the race.
His last Olympic appearance was at the Munich Games in 1972. He coxed the Soviet boat in the coxed fours competition when the finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="20798596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798596" title="Ecce Homo (church)">
Ecce Homo (church)

Ecce Homo Church is a Roman Catholic church on Via Dolorosa in Jerusalem, along the path that according to tradition Jesus walked, carrying his cross, on the way to his crucifixion. The church is now part of the Convent of the Sisters of Zion.
The Latin words Ecce Homo (i.e. "Behold the Man") are attributed to Pontius Pilate in the Gospel of John , when he presented a scourged Jesus Christ, bound and crowned with thorns, to a hostile crowd. The New Testament also says that Jesus was dressed in fake royal attire, to mock the claim that he was "King of the Jews."
The church contains one arch of a Roman gateway, which has a further arch crossing the Via Dolorosa outside. There was originally a third arch to the gateway, on the other side of the street; in the sixteenth century, it was incorporated into a monastery for Uzbek dervishes in the Order of the Golden Chain, but this was later demolished, taking the arch with it. 
Traditionally, the arch was said to have been part of the gate of Herod's Antonia Fortress, which itself was alleged to be the location of Jesus' trial by Pontius Pilate; the traditional conclusion was that the arch was the location of Pontius Pilate's "Ecce Homo" speech, reported by the Bible. However, due to archaeological investigation, it is now known that the arch is a triple-arched gateway, built by Hadrian, as an entrance to the eastern Forum of Aelia Capitolina; the site of the forum was previously a large open-air pool of water (the "Strouthion Pool").

</doc>
<doc id="20798604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798604" title="Partners Group">
Partners Group

Partners Group AG () is a global private markets management firm with over EUR 30 billion in investment programs under management in private equity, private debt, private real estate and private infrastructure. The firm manages a broad range of funds, structured products and customized portfolios for an international clientele of institutional investors, private banks and other financial institutions.
Founded in 1996, the firm is based in Zug, Switzerland with offices in London, New York, San Francisco, Singapore, São Paulo, Guernsey, Paris, Luxembourg, Munich, Dubai, Beijing, Seoul, Tokyo and Sydney. Partners Group is a joint stock company under Swiss law, listed on the Swiss Exchange since its 2006 initial public offering (minority floating). As of today, the majority of the shares is held by all employees and partners. Founding partners are Alfred Gantner, Marcel Erni and Urs Wietlisbach.
As of 30 November 2011, Partners Group has been included in the MSCI Switzerland Index after having been included in mid-September in the Swiss Small & Mid Cap Index (SMIM Index) which tracks the 50 biggest listed companies in Switzerland.
Investment approach.
Partners Group makes direct investments in equity and debt of privately held companies, real estate objects and infrastructure projects. Additionally, the firm invests in existing assets on the secondary market and primary partnership investments across all sectors, industries and regions.
The investment approach is based on a combination of direct, secondary and primary investments in private equity, private real estate and private infrastructure. Investing in this manner allows the firm to provide broadly diversified portfolios to institutional clients across private markets and sectors.
Partners Group markets various investment funds to clients with customized geographic focus (Asia-Pacific, emerging markets, European growth, US venture, etc.), investment style (direct investment funds, secondary funds, etc.) and liquidity terms (limited partnerships, SICAVs, SICARs, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="20798605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798605" title="Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences">
Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences

The Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences is an academic journal published by the New York Academy of Sciences. It is one of the oldest science journals still being published, having been founded in 1823. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.364, ranking it 6th out of 56 journals in the category "Multidisciplinary sciences".

</doc>
<doc id="20798606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798606" title="Blazo-Leavitt House">
Blazo-Leavitt House

The Blazo-Leavitt House is a large two-story, white-clapboard mansion built in Parsonsfield, Maine, in 1812.
History.
The Blazo-Leavitt House is a large two-story white-clapboard mansion built in Parsonsfield, Maine, in 1812 by William Blazo, uncle to prominent Parsonsfield lawyer Robert Tibbetts Blazo. Oral tradition holds that Robert T. Blazo, as a young man of fifteen in 1812, and later aged twenty in 1817, had helped with the construction of his uncle's house. This story seems credible because Robert had been bound out to his uncle William when Robert's father (William's brother) Daniel Blazo fell from a beam at a barn raising in 1802 and broke his neck. Later, ownership of the house passed to the nephew, Robert T. Blazo. The house next was passed on to Robert Blazo's two daughters, Susan Blazo Leavitt and Emily Blazo Browne. Emily's daughter Maude Browne left no descendants, and the house eventually passed into the hands of Susan Blazo Leavitt's son, Robert Greenleaf Leavitt, his wife Ida Ruggli Leavitt, and his three children Russell Greenleaf Leavitt, Robert Keith Leavitt, and Constance Ruggli Leavitt Hanson. Thus it is called the Blazo-Leavitt house. Designed by architect Thomas Eaton, according to both family tradition and affirmed by a Maine preservationist, the home is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Blazo-Leavitt house has five large brick chimneys and ten fireplaces. The home also boasts elaborately carved and pillared entrances with leaded glass fans and sidelights, panelled doors, and small-paned windows. A complete description of the interior of the house is described in a long narrative poem entitled "Flora Visits Parsonsfield" by Mary Freeman, a resident of the house for thirty years and great, great granddaughter of Robert and Mary Blazo. The main ell of the home was built in 1812, the main part of house being constructed five years later in 1817. William Blazo was son of Amos Blazo, who in turn was son of William Blazo of Bordeaux, France, who emigrated to America sometimes before 1727, settling first in Greenland, New Hampshire, and later in Epsom. Amos Blazo is recorded in the History of Parsonsfield as having been North Parsonsfield's first settler, clearing the fields at "Blazo's Corner" in March 1778. Amos Blazo had five sons, four of whom settled on nearby farms. It was Amos's son William who built the Blazo House, later selling it to his nephew, and Amos's grandson, Robert Tibbetts Blazo.
Robert Tibbetts Blazo had begun his career as a schoolmaster. One of his pupils was fifteen year old Mary Freeman of Sandwich, New Hampshire, who would become his bride eight years later. Before the marriage Robert Blazo practiced law for a time in Moultonborough, New Hampshire, but eventually the couple settled in Parsonsfield where Blazo practiced law, and was for many decades Justice of the Peace and Post Master. The couple had four children: Susan, Daniel, Charles and Emily. Descendants of Daniel still reside in the Daniel Blazo house directly across from the Blazo-Leavitt house at Blazo's Corner.
All four Blazo children attended Parsonsfield Seminary, to which their father had conveyed the land and helped establish. Here Susan Blazo met John Greenfield Leavitt, a fellow student from Buckfield, Maine, who had come to Parsonfield to prepare for Waterville College (today's Colby College). The couple married, and moved into the Blazo house with her parents; they had one child, Robert Greenleaf Leavitt. Emily Blazo married Howard Hiram Browne, and they too took up residence in the house; they had one child, Maude Browne, who later became a portrait artist. 
Because Maude Browne was unable to have children, eventually ownership of the house came to the Leavitts and to their son Robert Greenleaf Leavitt, a well-known Harvard-educated botanist and educator. After Robert G. Leavitt's death in 1942, Robert's wife Ida and their children, and grandchildren, and great grandchildren, continued living in it every summer. Robert Greenleaf Leavitt's daughter, Constance Leavitt Hanson, with great regret, sold the house in 1973.
The Blazo and Leavitt family have been associated with Parsonsfield Seminary, which is located directly across the road from the house. Robert Tibbetts Blazo, second owner of the Blazo-Leavitt House, conveyed land on which Seminary was built and helped found the Seminary.
The Blazo-Leavitt house faces south, and its western side faces Green Mountain, an isolated mountain in Effingham, New Hampshire and part of the foothills of the White Mountains. Nearby is the Leavitt Plantation Forest (connected with another branch of the Leavitt family), an tract that is the largest contiguous block of forest land south of Sebago Lake. Leavitt Plantation Forest covers 20 percent of Parsonsfield's land. With the support of The Nature Conservancy, the State of Maine has purchased a permanent conservation easement to ensure sustainable forest practices and public pedestrian access for recreation. The easement also prohibits development activity on the property. The land remains as working commercial forest.
Inquiries into family history as well as history of the house in more detail may be addressed to Mary Freeman, at 11 Ataraxian Access, Monoe, Maine 04951. She is the last member of the Blazo-Leavitt family to have resided in the house for a considerable period of time (1943-1973) and holds the repository, along with her Blazo cousin Jean Stanley, of all the relics, letters, and other contents of their Blazo ancestors.

</doc>
<doc id="20798628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798628" title="Igor Akhremchik">
Igor Akhremchik

Igor Vladimirovich Akhremchik (, October 18, 1933 – 1990) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leningrad.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20798637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798637" title="Bertie McConnell">
Bertie McConnell

Robert Dodd McConnell, known as Bertie McConnell (born 1921) is a former Army officer and politician in Northern Ireland.
McConnell was born in Bangor, County Down, and served in the British Army in World War II. During the war, he lost his sight.
In 1958, McConnell was elected to Bangor Borough Council, serving until 1973. He was elected at the Northern Ireland general election, 1969, as an independent Unionist Member of Parliament for Bangor. Despite being an independent, he was a supporter of Ulster Unionist Party Prime Minister Terence O'Neill.
McConnell joined the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland alongside Phelim O'Neill and Tom Gormley in early 1972. He was elected to North Down Borough Council in 1973, and to the Northern Ireland Assembly for North Down. He held this seat on the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention in 1975, and served as the President of the Alliance Party in 1976.
McConnell stood down from his council seat in 1981 and took no further role in active politics.

</doc>
<doc id="20798654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798654" title="Yuri Bachurov">
Yuri Bachurov

Yuri Kuzmich Bachurov (, born October 14, 1933) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ivanovo.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20798658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798658" title="Teodor Komogovinski">
Teodor Komogovinski

Saint and Holy Martyr Theodore of Komogovo (, Teodor Komogovinski; 18th century) is a Serbian Orthodox saint (holy martyr), who served as a monk in the monasteries of Komogovina and Mostanica. When the Ottomans burned Moštanica, they killed many monks, including Teodor whom they burnt alive after he refused to renounce his Christian faith, as well as a large number of Serbs from surrounding villages. He is remembered on Theodore's Saturday (on the first Saturday of Great Lent).
Life.
Teodor Sladić (Теодор Сладић) was born in a village in Kukuruzari (modern Croatia) into a humble Serb family named Sladić. As a young man he accompanied a monk from the Serbian Orthodox Komogovina monastery (which is near his birthplace in Kukuruzari) to Moštanica monastery near Kozarska Dubica (modern Bosnia and Herzegovina). He undertook an austere life both at Komogovina and Moštanica. When the Ottomans burned Moštanica, they killed many monks, as well as a large number of local Serbs from the surrounding villages.
Ascetic Theodor was ordered to give up his belief in Jesus Christ, but he refused. The Turks burned him alive. His body burned, but with God's miracle, his right hand has been kept, and has been exempted both from the fire and degradation. This was the first sign of the holiness of this martyr.
Holy relic.
The saved hand was moved to Komogovina monastery, where it was by the beginning of the World War II. During the war it was moved many times, and by the end of the World War II it was found at St. Nicholas Church in Karlovac, where it remained until 1955 when it was returned to Kostajnica for safety reasons. During holidays and prayer days, the Holy hand was carried over to Komogovina so that faithful people could bow to this martyr.
Legacy and commemoration.
The Holy Assembly of Bishops of the Serbian Orthodox Church on 20 May 1966 under AS number 28, record 44 took a decision: 
"Insert into the list of all Serbs holy martyrs for faith and St. Theodor (Sladić) martyr from Komogovina, therewith to be mentioned on the day of Theodor's Saturday."
He is remembered on Theodore's Saturday (Тодорова субота), which falls on the first Saturday of Great Lent.

</doc>
<doc id="20798665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798665" title="Frederick Historic District">
Frederick Historic District

The Frederick Historic District is a national historic district in Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland. The district encompasses the core of the city and contains a variety of residential, commercial, ecclesiastical, and industrial buildings dating from the late 18th century to 1941. Notable are larger detached dwellings in the Queen Anne and American Foursquare architectural styles of the late 19th and early 20th centuries The churches reflect high style architecture ranging from Gothic and Greek Revival to Richardsonian Romanesque and Colonial Revival. The east side of the district includes the industrial buildings.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, with a boundary increase in 1988.
External links.
All of the following are located in Frederick, Frederick County, MD:

</doc>
<doc id="20798680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798680" title="Valentin Morkovkin">
Valentin Morkovkin

Valentin Ivanovich Morkovkin (, September 20, 1933 – 1999) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nizhny Novgorod.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20798690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798690" title="Shirley Field">
Shirley Field

Shirley Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20798701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798701" title="Miloslav Navrátil">
Miloslav Navrátil

Miloslav Navrátil is a Czech darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Navratil won the 2007 PDC World East European Qualifying Event beating fellow countryman Petr Tous in the final. It earned him a place in the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship. He defeated Filipino Rizal Barellano 5-0 in the preliminary round and faced Andy Jenkins in the first round, eventually losing 3-2. He earned £4,000 for his efforts, but since then he has only managed to earn £325 over nine tournaments. He failed to qualify for the inaugural European Darts Championship and also failed to qualify for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20798704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798704" title="Dustbin Baby (film)">
Dustbin Baby (film)

Dustbin Baby is a BBC television film directed by Juliet May, based on Jacqueline Wilson's 2001 novel of the same name. It was first broadcast on BBC One on 21 December 2008. The film stars Dakota Blue Richards as April, a troubled teenager who was abandoned in a dustbin as an infant, and Juliet Stevenson as Marion Bean, April's adoptive mother. David Haig stars as Elliot, Marion's friend and colleague. The screenplay was written by Helen Blakeman, and the film was produced by Kindle Entertainment. "Dustbin Baby" deals with themes including maternal bonding, bullying, and youth crime. The story revolves around April running away on her fourteenth birthday, while Marion searches for her. April's life is recounted in flashbacks as she meets people and visits places that are significant to her.
Both Wilson and critics responded positively to the film, with Wilson saying she thought it was the best film adaptation of any of her works. It was released on DVD on 12 January 2009. "Dustbin Baby" was awarded the International Emmy in the Children and Young People category at the 2009 ceremony. Helen Blakeman won a Children's BAFTA for the screenplay, while the film itself was shortlisted for a Children's BAFTA in the Drama category and shortlisted for the Kids' Vote award. The film was also awarded the 2010 KidScreen Award for Best One-off, Special, or TV movie aimed at a Family Audience and the KidScreen Award for Best Acting.
Plot.
On April's fourteenth birthday, Marion, her adoptive mother, gives her earrings, not the mobile phone she wanted. They argue, and April leaves for school. After lying to her friends, claiming she has a phone and is going to the dentist's, April chooses to play truant. While at work at a stately home, Marion hears that April has not arrived at school. She talks to her friend and colleague Elliot, who unsuccessfully tries to dissuade her from leaving. April visits the home of Pat Williams, who cared for her as a baby. Pat remembers April and gives her a newspaper cutting telling the story of her discovery as a baby in a dustbin behind a pizza parlour. In a flashback, a young April is seen living with Janet and Daniel Johnson. The Johnsons' relationship is an abusive one, leading to Janet's suicide. Meanwhile, Marion goes to April's school, where she talks to April's friends, and realises that they were lied to. April then leaves Pat's home, and travels alone to Janet's grave. Marion continues to search, and, in a shopping centre, meets Elliot, who has joined her. April then visits the now abandoned Sunnyholme Children's Home, where she lived when she was younger. In a flashback, an eight-year old April lives at the Sunnyholme. Cared for by a woman named Mo, April befriends an older girl called Gina and is introduced to Pearl, a girl of her age. Pearl behaves in front of Mo, but actually bullies April. Gina wakes April one night to involve her in a burglary, and, later, Pearl attacks April, holding her head under water, and then tears up April's beloved paper dolls. April confronts Pearl, who she pushes down a flight of stairs, and is reprimanded by Mo. A voice-over from 14-year-old April says Gina was then "moved on", and, eventually, April is also moved on.
The flashback jumps forward to April's time at Fairdale Residential School. She befriends Poppy, who has Asperger syndrome. In the present, Marion buys a mobile phone for April. Back at Fairdale, April is being taught by Miss Bean (Marion). A piece of work on family trees leads to the pair fighting. At night, April tries to escape the school to find Gina, but is caught by Marion, who sends her back. Marion reads April's records, and, having learnt of her history, apologises for the family tree incident. Banned from going out on a Saturday with her peers, April is instead taken to the stately home by Marion. A present-day Marion goes alone to her house, to find that there are no messages on the phone. The younger Marion introduces April to Elliot as they continue to visit the home. The present-day Marion goes to April's room, and looks in April's box, which contains mementos from different times in her life. The younger April and Marion walk through the home's garden, and Marion tells April she is leaving Fairdale. April becomes angry, thinking that Marion, like others before her, is now going to leave her life. Marion invites April to move in with her, and she accepts. When shown around her new bedroom, April's first concern is to have somewhere to put her box. The present April considers returning to Marion, but realises there is another place she wants to visit. It occurs to Marion where April will be going, and she drives away from her house. April goes to the street where she was found as a baby, and stands among the bins. Marion opens April's mobile and rings Reno's, the pizza parlour. April then notices a phone number on the side of a dustbin. Marion asks for directions to the pizza parlour, while April dials the number she found. It is not her mother who answers, as she hoped, but Frankie, the pizza boy who found her. She meets Frankie in the pizza parlour, and Marion arrives. April explains who Frankie is, and Marion gives April her new phone. The three sit down together. A voice-over from April says that, though she will probably never know her real mother, she has a mother in Marion, and this is just the beginning.
Production.
The film's screenplay was based on Jaqueline Wilson's 2001 novel "Dustbin Baby", and was written by Helen Blakeman, who had previously worked on "Pleasureland". "Dustbin Baby" was co-commissioned by CBBC and BBC One, and was produced by Kindle Entertainment, a production company specialising in children's television. According to "The Guardian", the film was billed as "a key part of BBC1's Christmas family line-up". Blakeman said that when she had read the novel, she "knew it was something had to write". The film's executive producers were Anne Brogan and Melanie Stokes for Kindle, with Sue Nott as executive producer for CBBC. The producer was Julia Ouston. Director Juliet May, at the time of filming, had 14-year-old twins, and so found "the fact that the lead, April, is 14 years old ... very interesting" as she felt she could "kind of understand 14-year-old children".
Though the "gritty realism" of Wilson's novels was different to Dakota Blue Richards's first role as Lyra Belacqua in "The Golden Compass", she was happy to take on the character of April. She said she "can really relate to the characters" in Wilson's novels, but found that April was "a really different person" to her. Wilson, who had previously seen Richards in "The Golden Compass", was "over the moon to hear she was going to be in "Dustbin Baby". Richards was to play the 14-year-old April, but other actresses were required to play younger versions of the character. Lucy Hutchinson, who was five at the time of filming, played the youngest April. Director Juliet May described her as "one of the most remarkable five year olds I have ever met", saying that "it's like she's not acting at all". Alex Hewitt was selected to play the "middle April". May described her as having "utter truth in her acting". Though ten years old, Hewett plays April at eight.
Juliet Stevenson said she was attracted to the part of Marion as "it's very boring playing versions of yourself", and because she did at the time have a 14-year-old daughter. David Haig filmed "Dustbin Baby", along with three other television appearances that summer, to earn money to help support his family while he appeared in the play "Loot". He described his role as a "snug cameo with a purpose". "Dustbin Baby" was filmed over summer 2008 in London and the surrounding areas, with scenes at Hatfield House and in Barnet. Before the completion of the filming, Wilson was quoted as saying she was "thrilled at the prospect of "Dustbin Baby" being brought to life by such a talented cast and production team. I am looking forward to seeing the end result immensely."
The BBC purposefully searched for an actress with Asperger syndrome to play the part of Poppy. Lizzy Clark auditioned for the part after her mother saw an advert on an autism website. Clark was selected to play Poppy, and the role in "Dustbin Baby" was her first experience of professional acting. Clark was the first actress with Asperger syndrome to portray a fictional character with the condition. Clark, who has since campaigned with her mother against characters with conditions such as Asperger syndrome being played by actors without the condition, said "My Asperger's made some things on the film set difficult at first, like dealing with the sudden noise of the storyboard, but I was soon so focused on acting that I didn't notice anything else."
Themes.
Blakeman said that she read the book in a single sitting, before "crying her eyes out". The film includes the themes of bullying, youth crime, domestic violence, unwanted pregnancy, and teenage angst. For Blakeman, April's "heartbreaking journey in searching for her real mum is also about being brave enough to let love in." Tom Sutcliffe, writing for "The Independent", spoke of the limits of taboo themes in family dramas, and said the film's "account of a life lived in care couldn't have had swearing, or casual drug use, and when a shadow fell over a child's bed at night, it wasn't the care-home manager coming to exercise some horrible droit de seigneur, as it might have been in an adult drama". The film also addressed the theme of Asperger syndrome through the character of Poppy. The BBC claimed that Clark, who has the condition herself, was able to offer "a unique take" on the role. Steveson summarised the themes of the film, saying that "At the centre of the story, Marion finds out that she loves this girl. And that is an amazing liberation when you discover someone more important to you than you are. That is what is incredible about becoming a parent – you care about your child more than you care about yourself."
On "Behind the Bin", a making-of documentary about "Dustbin Baby", Wilson said that "lots and lots of people will identify with" the central theme of adoption, as at fourteen "you start to look at your mum and dad and think 'I'm nothing like them', and everyone seems to have fantasies about that they were adopted or something, and so I think that it's a typical teenage thing that you question who you are". Richards says that she likes the idea that April "went on a journey to try and find herself" as "a lot of people age try and do that because a lot of people get to the point where they're not really sure who they are any more". Richards also discusses the motif of April's paper dolls, saying that April can relate to them as in different places, she is "still the same person", but that she is "coloured in differently by different people and different surroundings". Alexandra Hewett, who played the Young April, described the dolls as April's "only real friends".
Stevenson described the character of Marion as "cranky, stubborn and lonely", saying that living alone has made her "become quite idiotic and eccentric". When the character of April arrives, Stevenson explains that "Marion has to go from nought to 80 in terms of parenting. There are lots of reasons she wouldn't get it right" which leads on to the guilt and anxiety that Marion suffers when April runs away. Stevenson compared her own difficulties of parenting to Marion's, saying "it is easier for me than someone like Marion because I have had 14 years experience". Richards spoke of the character of April, saying that "the residential schools and children's homes were completely different from my life. doesn't feel connected to anybody and she struggles to know who she is".
Reception.
Wilson, after seeing an early screening of "Dustbin Baby", said that it was the best film adaptation of any of her works. Haig said that the film was his favourite of his summer projects, saying "it was a terrific story and very touchingly done. I think Juliet Stevenson was very funny and moving in it". Critics also responded positively. In an article in "The Times" David Chater awarded the programme the TV choice of the day, describing it as "tremendous", and "the wonderful surprise of Christmas". The film was described in "The Telegraph" as a "rare treat", as it is "something that teenagers and parents can watch together". This view was shared by producer Anne Brogan, who said that the film was something "that parents and children will enjoy watching while giving them much to talk about". Tom Sutcliffe, writing for "The Independent", said Stevenson was "good as a woman who was far more comfortable in the past than the present", and that "her performance was more than matched by that of Dakota Blue Richards as April, mostly banked-down and wary but prone to sudden wild flashes of anger". He criticised some of the "implausibilities", saying that the plot was, at times, "a lot kinder than the world might have been", but said that "it still made you well up with its final reconciliation" with emotion that had been "honestly earned". Euan Ferguson, in an article in "The Guardian", said that the film "hooked and haunted", and added that Stevenson played Marion like "a kind of updated" Jean Brodie. During its initial run on BBC One, "Dustbin Baby" was watched by 2.3 million viewers, giving it a 15.4% share of the audience.
Accolades.
In 2009, "Dustbin Baby" was one of four works of children's television shortlisted for the International Emmy Award in the children and young people category at the 37th International Emmy Awards. The other nominations were "Lharn Poo Koo E-Joo" (produced by Workpoint Entertainment), "The Little Emperor's Christmas" (produced by Rede Globo), and "Mille" (produced by the Danish Broadcasting Corporation). The film was one of nine nominations for the UK, which had more than any other nation. The film won the award, making it one of six International Emmys for the UK, and one of three for the BBC, in 2009. "Dustbin Baby" was also shortlisted for the British Academy Children's Awards in the drama category, along with "The Sarah Jane Adventures" (also by the BBC), S4C's "Rhestr Nadolig Wil", and the online show following boyband US5. The ceremony was held on 29 November at The London Hilton on Park Lane and hosted by Dick and Dom. "Dustbin Baby" lost out to "Rhestr Nadolig Wil". Blakeman was shortlisted for the British Academy Children's Award for best writer, thanks to her screenplay for "Dustbin Baby", and won. The film was also entered into the BAFTA Kids' Vote in the television category. Children aged between seven and fourteen were able to vote for their favourite television show from a choice also featuring "Blue Peter", "Dani's House", "Newsround", "Prank Patrol", "The Sarah Jane Adventures", "Hannah Montana", "Phineas & Ferb", "iCarly", and "SpongeBob SquarePants". The Kids' Vote was won by "Hannah Montana".
In February 2010, "Dustbin Baby" was awarded the 2010 KidScreen Award for best one-off, special, or TV movie aimed at a family audience. The film also won the Creative Talent award for best acting. These were two of five prizes won by CBBC at the inaugural KidScreen Awards, and Joe Godwin, the BBC Children's director, said "I'm truly delighted that CBBC programmes are being recognised globally for being original and inspiring to children everywhere ... It's especially satisfying to win awards for really distinctive and hard-hitting factual and drama, which has always been, and always will be, a unique and central part of what BBC Children's does."
Home media release.
"Dustbin Baby" was released on DVD in January 2009 by ITV DVD. It was rated PG by the British Board of Film Classification, due to "mild threat, violence and one sex reference", and was marketed with the tagline "April is about to lift the lid on her past". The DVD included a 24-minute making-of feature, "Behind the Bin: The Making of Dustbin Baby", containing interviews with Jacqueline Wilson and production staff and cast.

</doc>
<doc id="20798712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798712" title="Anatoly Tarabrin">
Anatoly Tarabrin

Anatoly Pyotrovich Tarabrin (, August 1, 1934 – February 11, 2008) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vitebskaya oblast. In 1960 he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20798723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798723" title="Marcus Beresford (bishop)">
Marcus Beresford (bishop)

Marcus Gervais Beresford DD, DCL, PC (14 February 1801 – 26 December 1885) was the Church of Ireland Bishop of Kilmore, Elphin and Ardagh from 1854 to 1862 and Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland from 1862 until his death.
Early life.
Beresford was born in 1801 at the Custom House, Dublin, then the town house of his grandfather, John Beresford, a unionist Member of Parliament, and was a great-grandson of Marcus Beresford, 1st Earl of Tyrone. He was the second son of George Beresford, Bishop of Kilmore and later of Kilmore and Ardagh, and of his wife Frances, a daughter of Gervais Parker Bushe and also a niece of Henry Grattan. Beresford belonged to a family "connected for generations with the highest dignity and power in the civil and ecclesiastical administration of Ireland" 
Educated at Dr Tate's school at Richmond and at Trinity College, Cambridge, he took the degree of Bachelor of Arts in 1824 then graduated MA in 1828 and DD in 1840. He was later awarded the degree of Doctor of Civil Laws by Oxford in 1864.
Career.
In 1824, Beresford was ordained deacon and in 1825 priest, and was quickly appointed Rector of Kildallon, County Cavan, a parish in his father's diocese of Kilmore. Three years later, he was preferred to the vicarages of Drung and Larah in the same diocese, benefices which he held until 1839 when he became archdeacon of Ardagh when Ardagh was united with Kilmore. His father was succeeded by Bishop Leslie, but on Leslie's death in 1854 Beresford followed in his father's footsteps as bishop of Kilmore and Ardagh and was consecrated in Armagh Cathedral on 24 September 1854.
In 1862, following the death of his cousin Lord John George Beresford, Beresford was translated to succeed him as Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland, holding also the see of Clogher. As Archbishop, Beresford was appointed to the Privy Council of Ireland and also sometimes acted as a lord justice for the government of Ireland in the absence of the Viceroy.
In the Church, Beresford gained the reputation of being a statesmanlike presence during the storms which were caused by William Ewart Gladstone's measures to bring about disestablishment of the Church of Ireland, playing a large part in the negotiations this called for, and then afterwards had the hard task of reconstituting the church.
Beresford died at Armagh on 26 December 1885 and was entombed there in St Patrick's Cathedral.
Wives and children.
On 25 October 1824 Beresford married Mary, a daughter of Henry L'Estrange of Moystown and the widow of R. E. Digby of Geashill. They had two sons and three daughters: Charlotte Henrietta Beresford (died 1884), Mary Emily Beresford (died 1858), George De la Poer Beresford (1831–1906) and Major Henry Marcus Beresford (1835–1895).
Beresford's first wife died in 1845, and on 6 June 1850 he married secondly Elizabeth, daughter of James Trail-Kennedy of Annadale, County Down and the widow of Robert George Bonford of Rahenstown, County Meath.

</doc>
<doc id="20798739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798739" title="Catriona MacDonald">
Catriona MacDonald

Catriona MacDonald is a musician and teacher from Shetland and is considered to be one of the world's leading traditional fiddle players.
Background.
MacDonald started studying fiddle with Dr Tom Anderson MBE in 1981 at age 11 (she considers herself to be a late starter), was a founding member of Shetland's Young Heritage and won the Shetland Young Fiddler of the Year competition in 1983. In 1992 MacDonald won the "BBC Radio Two Young Tradition Award" and went on to study voice for four years at the Royal College of Music in London. After graduating she moved to the borders area of Scotland to focus on her professional fiddle playing.
MacDonald is an active teacher with a passion for sharing her knowledge of traditional fiddle techniques and vernacular. She now teaches on the BMus Folk degree at Newcastle University and has worked as a tutor on Scottish Music Degree at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow, and the Universities of Limerick and Stirling. Catriona regularly tutors at a variety of summer schools and residential courses including "Burwell Bash", "Shetland Fiddle Frenzy", "Folkworks" and "Blazin' in Beauly" (Blazin' Fiddles' own summer school)
As well as her own band, MacDonald plays with Scottish fiddle band Blazin' Fiddles, the female fiddle band String Sisters and folk big band The Unusual Suspects.
Discography.
Awards.
1992 BBC Radio Two Young Tradition Award for Best Musician in Britain
Polls 2001 "Top 5 World Music Albums of the Year" fRoots Magazine 2001
"Top 10 Folk Albums of the Year 2000"
MOJO Magazine 2001 (Folk Album of the Month, April 2000)
MOJO Magazine 2001 Recognised artist "Album of the Year and Musician of the Year"
BBC2 Folk Awards 2001 (Included in the released compilation cd The Folk Awards on Topic records)
"Scottish Folk Album of the Year" CD NOW
Scottish Traditional Music Awards'
2004 Live Band (Blazin Fiddles)
2005 Album of the Year (Blazin Fiddles)

</doc>
<doc id="20798785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798785" title="Amy Astley">
Amy Astley

Amy Astley is the editor-in-chief of "Teen Vogue", which launched in January 2003. She was named to edit the new magazine in June 2002 by Anna Wintour, editor-in-chief of "Vogue" and editorial director of "Teen Vogue".
Career.
Astley joined "Vogue" in 1993 and became Beauty Director the following year; she also wrote for the magazine. Prior to "Vogue", Astley was an Associate Editor at House & Garden for four years, after beginning as a decorating assistant in her early 20's. Astley was also the editor of "Teen Vogue"'s four test issues, which were published from 2000–2002.
"Teen Vogue" under Astley's direction.
The American Society of Magazine Editors nominated "Teen Vogue" for a 2003 General Excellence Award in the 250,000-500,000 circulation category. In addition, "Teen Vogue" was named "Adweek" magazine's 2004 Startup of the Year. "Teen Vogue"'s circulation rate base increased to 900,000 with the October 2006 issue from its previous level of 850,000. The magazine is produced in the new Euro magazine size (6-3/4" x 9-1/8"). Speaking to Forbes on her ten year vision for Teen Vogue, Astley hopes to master digital domination, saying "We have to keep inspiring, surprising, entertaining and leading our audience on every platform from print to YouTube to the newest, latest innovation."
Personal life.
A graduate of East Lansing High School, Astley holds a BA in English from the College of Arts and Letters at Michigan State University, where she was a member of the Honors College. She lives in Manhattan with her husband and their two children. Amy cites Anna Wintour as her professional mentor whom she admires greatly saying, "She is not a talker, she is a doer – and I watch and learn! She never rests – she is always growing and expanding her brand, and adapting to the times." 

</doc>
<doc id="20798806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798806" title="Guangdong International Building">
Guangdong International Building

The Guangdong International Building or Guangdong International Hotel is a 63-storey, skyscraper in Guangzhou, China. The tower was completed in 1990. It was tallest building in Guangzhou until the completion of CITIC Plaza in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20798817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798817" title="Cadera">
Cadera

Cadera is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. The town has a station along the Bernina Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20798826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798826" title="Kawdy Plateau">
Kawdy Plateau

The Kawdy Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, located between the Nahlin and Tuya Rivers. It includes the granitic Atsutla Range and Nazcha Hills and the volcanic Kawdy Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20798835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798835" title="Para Olvidarte De Mí">
Para Olvidarte De Mí

Para Olvidarte de Mí (English: "To Forget About Me") is the sixth and final studio album by Mexican pop band RBD, a group that gained popularity from Televisa's teenage-oriented series "Rebelde". EMI is set to release the album on March 10, 2009 in Mexico, March 17, 2009 in various parts of the world such as Spain and March 24, 2009 in the US. The album is preceded by the first single "Para Olvidarte De Mí".
Album information.
The group announced in October 2008, that "Para Olvidarte de Mí" is slated to be RBD's last studio album, as the group is splitting. The first single from the album, likewise named "Para Olvidarte de Mí", leaked onto the Internet on January 26, 2009. The whole album was leaked onto the internet March 1, 2009. With this promising to RBD's best it is sure to sell" stating Pedro Damian, saying that they had the disc well guarded in EMI Asia. 
According to reports, Dulce María wrote two songs that are on the album.
Singles.
Para Olvidarte de Mí.
"Para Olvidarte De Mí" is a melancholic song. The letter of idols, a request to the fans: "we never forget." It is the first single of this CD, as its producer, Pedro Damián, still aims to launch two more - "Adiós" and "Camino Al Sol". The video of "Para Olvidarte De Mí" was exhibited for the first time in the television network Televisa, and is a kind of making of and behind the trajectory of the group, which eventually stir the fans, to remember the moments spent together.

</doc>
<doc id="20798845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798845" title="Boris Dubrovsky">
Boris Dubrovsky

Boris Yakovlevich Dubrovsky (, born 8 October 1939) is a retired Russian rower who had his best achievements in the double sculls, partnering with Oleg Tyurin. In this event, they won Olympic gold in 1964 and four medals at European and world championships in 1962–1965.
Biography.
Dubrovsky was born to teachers Yakov Vasilievich Dubrovsky (1903–?) and Natalya Timofeevna Kuvaeva (1909–?) and has a sister Masha (born 1941). He has a PhD in theoretical physics, and from 1967 to 2003 taught calculus in a univerisity. There he met his wife, Evgeniya Aleksandrovna, a mathematician. They have a son, Timofei (born 1964), who moved to the United States in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20798847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798847" title="Sant'Antonio (Poschiavo)">
Sant'Antonio (Poschiavo)

Sant'Antonio is a town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It belongs to the municipality of Poschiavo.

</doc>
<doc id="20798851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798851" title="Very Annie Mary">
Very Annie Mary

Very Annie Mary is a 2001 comedy film and musical from the United Kingdom, written and directed by Sara Sugarman and starring Rachel Griffiths and Jonathan Pryce. It is a coming-of-age tale, set in south Wales, about a woman in her 30s who lives with her verbally abusive father. It was filmed on location in Bridgend and at Workingman's Institute and Memorial Hall, Newbridge, Wales.
Plot.
After her father suffers a stroke, a woman is forced to take care of him but uses the circumstances to emancipate herself and find the courage to sing once again.
Music.
The film features the following songs:
Production.
The film was shot in summer 1999, with filming taking place in the Garw Valley in Bridgend, Wales, posing as the fictional village of "Ogw" (a play on the name of the Ogmore Valley's Welsh name of Ogwr). It was scheduled to be presented at the 2000 Sundance Film Festival and the Dinard Festival of British Cinema but failed to show at either event.
Reception.
"Variety" magazine called it a "half-klutzy, half-engaging eccentric comedy...bolstered by good turns from leads Rachel Griffiths and Jonathan Pryce" but "falling prey to a general disorganization in tone and structure. "The Guardian" called it "a broad comedy with a very derivative Monty-ish plot, but likeable and good-natured." "The New York Times" called the film "alternately mushy and farcical" with an "undertone of satire" that keeps the film from "choking on its own cuteness"; it "churns up a few genuinely funny bits" including a climax "that is almost worth waiting for."

</doc>
<doc id="20798854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798854" title="Handles (novel)">
Handles (novel)

Handles is a realistic children's novel by Jan Mark, first published in 1983 by Kestrel Books of Harmondsworth, London, with illustrations by David Parkins. Set in the Norfolk countryside, it features a city girl on holiday, who loves motorcycles. Nicholas Tucker calls it "a happy, optimistic work"; Erica escapes "mean-minded relatives" for the "anarchic motorbike-repair outfit in a nearby town".
Mark and "Handles" won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. Thus she became the third writer with two such honors (of seven through 2012), having won the 1976 Medal for her debut novel "Thunder and Lightnings". Also set in the Norfolk countryside, it features two boys who love aeroplanes.
Atheneum Books published the first U.S. edition in 1985, retaining the Parkins illustrations.
Title.
"Handles" in this book are names with a special significance, a symbol of self-discovery or growing into oneself. The title also plays on the "handles" by which a motorcycle is steered, a symbol of control.
Plot introduction.
Erica Timperley, a city girl who loves motorcycles, is bored with her holiday in Norfolk where her Uncle and Aunt grow acres of vegetables. Then she sees a cat with false teeth and discovers Mercury Motor Cycles, an unusual motorcycle repair shop down an alley. There she meets the enigmatic young man "Elsie" Wainwright, who allows her the honour of helping out in the workshop. Apart from beginning to learn the trade, Erica learns a whole new arcane vocabulary and meets an array of curious characters including Bunny and Bill Birdcycle. Eventually she gets a "handle" of her own, and by the end of the summer is determined to become a mechanic.
Literary significance and reception.
The realism of "Handles" has been particularly commended.
From "Reading for Enjoyment: 12–15:" "This is a richly comic tale ... Jan Mark knows how young people think and talk."
From the "New York Times" review: "Jan Mark stretches the range of children's books ... she provides for young people the combination of fine prose and strong realism generally reserved for adults."
In Tucker's obituary view more than twenty years later, "Handles" was a "happy, optimistic work" in which the heroine found in the motorbike-repair shop "the company and interests she had always longed for". This was in marked contrast to three of Mark's earlier works, young-adult science-fiction novels set in "a hopeless future", which some critics regarded as "too gloomy for a young audience".

</doc>
<doc id="20798861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798861" title="Rizal Barellano">
Rizal Barellano

Rizal Barellano is a Filipino darts player.
Barellano reached the quarter finals of the 2006 WDF Asis-Pacific Cup, winning group C2 and eventually lost to Malaysian Amin Abdul Ghani who won the tournament. Barellano won the national qualifier to earn himself a place in the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship where he lost in the preliminary round 5-0 to Miloslav Navrátil.

</doc>
<doc id="20798871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798871" title="Malcolm Renfrew">
Malcolm Renfrew

Malcolm MacKenzie Renfrew (October 12, 1910 – October 12, 2013) was an American polymer chemist, inventor, and professor emeritus at the University of Idaho in Moscow, Idaho. Renfrew Hall, the university's chemistry building, was named for him in 1985.
He is noted for his contribution to the development of Teflon, including the first paper on the subject. In 1946 he spoke on behalf of DuPont at the ACS meeting at which Teflon was announced.
Early life.
The son of an accountant, Renfrew was born October 12, 1910, in Spokane, Washington, and moved with his family at age 12 to Potlatch, Idaho, in 1923. He graduated from Potlatch High School in 1928 and attended the University of Idaho in nearby Moscow, where he joined the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity and wrote for "The Argonaut", the student newspaper. Originally interested in journalism, he switched his major to chemistry and graduated with a B.S. in 1932 and an M.S. in 1934. He then traveled to the Midwest to continue his studies and earned a Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1938.
Career.
After gaining his doctorate, Renfrew worked for DuPont in New Jersey, where he produced a number of patents on polymethyl methacrylate, including one on photopolymerization, material for tooth repair, as well as epoxy resins and the first method of synthesis of poly(tetrafluoroethylene) in a form which was suitable for the commercial production of Teflon.
After further industrial experience with General Mills Company in Minneapolis and Spencer Kellogg & Sons in Buffalo, he returned west in 1959 to his alma mater to head the UI Department of Physical Science. This was split into separate departments of physics and chemistry in 1967, with Renfrew as the Head of Chemistry, a position he retained until 1973; he retired in 1976 and became professor emeritus.
Honors.
In 1976 he was made a Fellow of the American Chemical Society. Well known for his research, Renfrew has been praised for his work on chemical safety and as an educator, both recognized in the ACS 1985 Chemical Health and Safety Award for "his publications and column on Chemical Safety in the Journal of Chemical Education". In 2006 he received the Distinguished Science Communicator award.
Renfrew was also an artist: an exhibition of his paintings was held in Moscow City Hall in November–December 2010. His 100th birthday, October 12, 2010, was declared as "Malcolm M. Renfrew Day" in the State of Idaho by Governor Butch Otter.<br>Part of the celebration was the rededication of Renfrew Hall, the chemistry building named for him a quarter century earlier. Opened in 1965 as the Physical Sciences Building ("Phy-Sci"), it was renamed "Renfrew Hall" in October 1985 for his 75th birthday.
Personal.
Shortly after gaining his doctorate, he married Carol Joy Campbell (September 19, 1913 – January 12, 2010), on June 26, 1938. A member of Kappa Alpha Theta, she was a 1935 B.S. economics graduate of the University of Idaho from Rosalia, Washington; at the time of her death at age 96, they had been married for over 71 years.
Renfrew was an Elder of the Presbyterian Church and played the trombone. He was a member of the Idaho Vandals Non-Marching Pep Band and the Hog Heaven Big Band. "("Hog Heaven" was an early name for Moscow.)"
Renfrew died on October 12th, 2013, his 103rd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20798872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798872" title="Oleg Tyurin">
Oleg Tyurin

Oleg Grigorevich Tyurin (, 29 June 1937 – 3 March 2010) was a Russian rower who had his best achievements in the double sculls, partnering with Boris Dubrovsky. In this event, they won Olympic gold in 1964 and four medals at European and world championships in 1962–1965. 
Tyurin was born and raised in Saint Petersburg, but was invited to train in Moscow and join Dubrovsky in double sculls. After retiring from competitions he returned to St. Petersburg where he worked as a rowing coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20798877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798877" title="Raviche">
Raviche

Raviche is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. Raviche is near to San Carlo.

</doc>
<doc id="20798881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798881" title="Minarcin">
Minarcin

Minarcin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20798892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798892" title="True Norwegian Black Metal (film series)">
True Norwegian Black Metal (film series)

True Norwegian Black Metal is a 2007 5-part documentary produced by VBS/"Vice Magazine". The documentary mainly covers some aspects of the life of black metal vocalist Gaahl - renowned for his work with Gorgoroth.
Synopsis.
The documentary mainly covers some aspects of the life of black metal vocalist Gaahl - renowned for his work with Gorgoroth and Trelldom.
Production.
It was produced by Peter Beste for "Vice". Principal photography took place in January 2007 over a ten-day period in various parts of Norway including Bergen, Oslo, Espedal, and Dale. The documentary is hosted by Vice-Scandinavia correspondent Ivar Berglin who also served as translator.
During production in January 2007, it was reported that Gaahl was under investigation by Norwegian Police for his comments in "" (2005), which had been broadcast on Norway's Lydverket NRK 1 on January 24, 2007, where he said 'church burnings are things that I support one-hundred percent, and they should have been done much more and will be done much more in the future'.
Reception.
In April 2007, the 5-part series entitled "True Norwegian Black Metal" aired on VBS.tv.
The documentary was criticized by "Rock'nBalls" for misreporting information, as well as introducing the misconception that Gaahl spends most of his time in seclusion, when in actuality he lived in a flat in Bergen, often socializing in bars. Gaahl himself described the story about his tenure at school and a schoolmate who allegedly committed suicide as being 'five different stories rolled into one fictional story', in that the memory of producer Rob Semmer was incorrectly mixing up several anecdotes.

</doc>
<doc id="20798896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798896" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Chesapeake, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chesapeake, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Chesapeake, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20798900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798900" title="Bob Sullivan (journalist)">
Bob Sullivan (journalist)

Bob Sullivan (born 1968 in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey) is an award winning American online journalist, author and one of the founding members of msnbc.com. Sullivan is the author of two New York Times Best Sellers entitled "Stop Getting Ripped Off" and "Gotcha Capitalism." Sullivan is an indepdendent journalist at BobSullivan.net and an author. Formerly, he was senior writer, technology correspondent and author of the popular blog, "The Red Tape Chronicles," at msnbc.com, where he focused on technology crime and consumer fraud. He also regularly appears on air on MSNBC, CNBC's On the Money, NBC Nightly News, the Today show, and various local NBC affiliates.
Education.
Sullivan received his B.A. in History from Fairfield University in 1990, where he was class valedictorian. He received an M.A. in Journalism from the Missouri School of Journalism in 1996.
Career.
Sullivan has been reporting on computer crime, electronic financial fraud, privacy, and the Internet Underground and has written more than 100 articles on the subjects since 1996.
Sullivan was the first to report to Americans that the FBI had developed a computer program, called Magic Lantern, designed to obtain public encryption keys on November 20, 2001. He was also the first to describe the data theft at ChoicePoint, the first of what would become an avalanche of stories about stolen and lost personal information on February 18, 2005.
Sullivan won the prestigious Society of Professional Journalists Public Service Award in 2002 for his series of articles on online fraud. He received the Carnegie Mellon University CyLab CyberSecurity Journalism Award in 2003 for his online cybersecurity reporting.

</doc>
<doc id="20798934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798934" title="W. Alton Jones Foundation">
W. Alton Jones Foundation

The W. Alton Jones Foundation was a charitable foundation, and a sponsor of environmental causes. It was originally involved in sponsoring the arts, particularly theatre. 
The foundation was started in 1944 by W. Alton "Pete" Jones, an oil executive and chairman of the board of Cities Service Company. In 2001, the Charlottesville, Virginia-based 56-year-old W. Alton Jones Foundation suddenly dissolved. The $400 million endowment was split into three separate Foundations, the Blue Moon Fund run by Patricia Jones Edgerton (daughter of W. Alton Jones) and her daughter Diane Edgerton Miller, the Oak Hill Foundation run by son William Edgerton, and the Edgerton Foundation run by son Brad Edgerton.

</doc>
<doc id="20798940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798940" title="Alf Barbagallo">
Alf Barbagallo

Alf Barbagallo (born 1942) is a former racing car driver and businessman in Perth, Western Australia.
Barbagallo won six Western Australian Sprintcar Championships, in 1967-68, 1972-73, 1973-74, 1977-78, 1978-79 and 1981-82. He finished second in 1965-66, 1979-80 and 1982-83.
Wanneroo Raceway’s name was changed to Barbagallo Raceway in 1992 due to Barbagallo’s sponsorship.
Barbagallo sells luxury motor vehicles and boats and employs more than 140 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20798961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798961" title="Suddha">
Suddha

Suddha can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20798964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798964" title="Metro Plaza">
Metro Plaza

Metro Plaza is a two complex of towers in Guangzhou, China. Metro Plaza I is with 52 storeys, and China Mayors Tower is with 28 storeys. Construction of the complex was completed in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20798972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798972" title="New Market Historic District (New Market, Maryland)">
New Market Historic District (New Market, Maryland)

The New Market Historic District is a national historic district in New Market, Frederick County, Maryland. The district encompasses the town located along what was originally the National Pike (now MD 144). About 90 percent of the buildings in the historic district date from the 19th century and include Federal-style buildings and Greek Revival buildings, with a number of Victorian buildings, a larger example being the Ramsburg House.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20798975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798975" title="Alan Bolton">
Alan Bolton

Alan Bolton is a New Zealand darts player.
Bolton won the 2007 New Zealand National Championships and won himself a place in the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship. He was beaten 5-0 in the Preliminary Round by Erwin Extercatte.

</doc>
<doc id="20798980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20798980" title="Sicoli">
Sicoli

Sicoli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20799022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799022" title="Wissam Tarif">
Wissam Tarif

Wissam Kassem Tarif (born 10 April 1975) has played a key role in the field of pro-Democracy and Human Rights work in Syria and Lebanon, as both an intellectual and activist. Currently Director of an influential Middle East human rights organisation, he continues to advocate open democracy and works on both a regional and international level to this end, focusing on the situation in Syria, Iran and Saudi Arabia in particular.
The early years and South America.
Born in Lebanon's picturesque Beka'a Valley city of Zahlé, (; also transliterated Zahlah or Zahleh) Mr Tarif and his family come from the small mountain town of al-Karaoun on the banks of Lake Litani in the same region. Known in Lebanon for their courage when faced with the occupation of their town (notably, the family was the first to have their home blown up by the invading army), their reputation for independent thinking in a country constitutionally constructed on sectarian interests, is well-established.
"When, at 12 years old, my friend Jude was run over by a military tank, I was splattered by his flesh. I can still taste the burning skin whenever I remember it. It was something that changed my life, made me aware of the importance of being human, being a person," Tarif recalls.
Having grown up with the sounds, smells and tragedy of continuous conflict all his life, at the age of 13, Wissam Tarif was sent by his family to South America (Paraguay and Argentina), where he joined elder brothers who had been sent ahead of him. From a very early age, though, he assumed and adopted a strong sense of responsibility towards himself and others.
Back in Beirut and then Syria.
Immersing himself in civil society institutions in Beirut, Mr Tarif started by working for Greenpeace where he began to get a feel for the region's concerns at grass roots level, making his initial appearance on the opinion and analysis pages of well-known and respected Middle East newspapers and magazines, such as An-Nahar. Coming, as he did, to the attention of numerous politicians and leading intellectuals in Lebanon (as was the case with the redoubtable Samir Kassir, with whom a warm friendship grew), Mr Tarif soon became an integral part of intellectual life in Beirut. Anxious, however, to continue contributing to democracy and human rights values in the region, he eventually moved to Damascus, Syria, where he founded a cultural centre.
Parallel to this, Mr Tarif became a prime mover of the Opposition forces in Syria, working closely with well-known artist, political dissident, prisoner of conscience and human rights leader Kamal Labwani, (sent to jail in Syria on a 15-year term for his advocacy of democracy) to found the Liberal Democratic Union. Tarif worked to support and promote the values of a movement known as the Damascus Spring, which blossomed following the coming to power of the new President of Syria, Bashaar al-Assad. Sadly, the hope of those early days was soon smashed with the tightening of the Syrian regime's grip on power which led to the imprisonment of the majority of voices claiming freedom and democracy.
Working for democracy.
Since then, Wissam Tarif has led a continuous campaign for the democratisation of Syria, Lebanon and the Middle East. Appreciated for his in-depth political and strategic published analyses, he has made a reputation not only among the diplomatic and political communities in Lebanon and Syria, but amongst intellectuals, communicators and thinkers.
Interrogated 17 times by the Syrian security police during his time in Syria, there have been various attempts on his life. Undeterred, he continues to campaign as Director of the Middle East human rights organisation,the Foundation for the Defense of Prisoners of Conscience (FDPOC).
The Foundation for the Defense of Prisoners of Conscience (FDPOC) and INSAN.
FDPOC (now superseded by the Europe-based NGO INSAN "INSAN")worked in Syria, Iran and Saudi Arabia in particular. It received daily monitoring reports from grass roots activists within its countries of focus, in order to ensure that the rest of the world heard about the violations of human rights the authorities preferred to keep silent.
The organisation and its Board of Trustees were also active at an international level.
Wissam Tarif, however, argued for a wider, more global vision for the Organisation, as a result of which FDPOC took a strategic decision in 2009: to maintain its activists and workers in situ in the Middle East but to shift its centre of operations to the European Union in order to not only increase its operational effectiveness, but to ensure a framework of freedom which would better enable it to ensure human rights in the region were better and more immediately projected. The new organisation,under the name of 'INSAN' (www.insanintl.com) is a fully registered NGO with its headquarters in Spain. INSAN thus builds on the previous work done by FDPOC but,at the same time, expands upon it. INSAN's work, while focussing on human rights, also covers the broader fields of democracy and development issues across not only the Middle East but also throughout North Africa (MENA). It was in this wider context (and to facilitate its activist and campaigning work), that the Organisation's offices were transferred to Spain, which is strategically situated to service the logistic and campaigning needs of this already growing but well-established Organisation. This is especially the case with an eye to INSAN's centre of operations in the MENA region and to the closeness of influential EU institutions and politicians in Brussels.
Wissam Tarif is currently Executive Director of INSAN.

</doc>
<doc id="20799031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799031" title="New Market Historic District">
New Market Historic District

New Market Historic District may refer to one of several places listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="20799043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799043" title="Iain Peebles, Lord Bannatyne">
Iain Peebles, Lord Bannatyne

Iain Alexander Scott Peebles, Lord Bannatyne is a Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of the High Court of Justiciary and Court of Session in Scotland.
Career.
After studying at the School of Law of the University of Strathclyde, Peebles was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1979, and appointed Queens' Counsel in 1993. He was appointed as a temporary Sheriff in 1991, a full-time Sheriff in 1995, and began sitting as a commercial sheriff in 1999. He was appointed a temporary High Court judge in 2003, serving until his elevation to the Bench in 2008. He was a member of the Sheriff Courts Rules Council from 2001 to 2007, and joint-chairman of the IT Committee of the Sheriff and Court of Session Rules Council.
The Bench.
On 5 November 2008, the Scottish Executive announced he had been appointed to the Outer House of the Court of Session as Lord Bannatyne, filling the vacancy which had arisen from the death of Lord Johnston in June that year. His appointment came at the same time as those of Paul Cullen, Lord Pentland and Valerie Stacey, Lady Stacey. The men's decisions to adopt titles other than their own surnames drew comment in the press as straying from tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="20799055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799055" title="Gottfried Kottmann">
Gottfried Kottmann

Gottfried Kottmann (October 15, 1932 – November 6, 1964) was a Swiss bobsledder and rower who competed from the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the single sculls event at Tokyo in 1964.
Kottmann won a bronze medal in the four-man bobsleigh event at the 1960 FIBT World Championships in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
He drowned in the Rhine River while taking part in a military exercise.

</doc>
<doc id="20799070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799070" title="Fantasticon">
Fantasticon

Fantasticon is the national Danish science fiction convention since 2004. Held at various locations in Copenhagen. Fantasticon was also the name of a monthly comic book convention series that began in Michigan, USA in 1976. The following data does not describe that USA convention series.
Guests of Honour.
2004: (No GoH, but guests included H. H. Løyche.)
2005: Christopher Priest, William J. Maryson (1950–2011), Imants Belogrïvs, Dave Lally, Harry Harrison.
2006: (No GoH, but guests included Lene Kaaberbøl and Josefine Ottesen)
2007: (No Fantasticon this year, GoHs at Eurocon 2007 Copenhagen: Anne McCaffrey, Stephen Baxter, Zoran Živković, David A. Hardy, Niels Dalgaard)
2008: Norman Spinrad, Erwin Neutzsky-Wulff
2009: Charles Stross, Gwyneth Jones
2010: Catherine Asaro, Per Vadmand, Ea Philippa, Kaspar Colling Nielsen, Rikke Schubart
2011: A. Silvestri, Henrik Harksen
2012: Alastair Reynolds, Ellen Datlow
Dates.
2004: 7 – 8 February
2005: 22 – 24 April
2006: 21 – 22 October
2008: 26 – 27 April
2009: 29 – 30 August
2010: 18–19 September
2011: 5 November
2012: 1–3 June

</doc>
<doc id="20799079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799079" title="Rosa Barba">
Rosa Barba

Rosa Barba (born 1972, Agrigento, Italy) is a Berlin-based visual artist. Barba is known for using the medium of celluloid and its materiality to create cinematic film installations, sculptures and publications. She exhibits in galleries and museums internationally.
Life and career.
Rosa Barba started working with photography at an early age when she inherited a camera. She very soon began experimenting with moving images using super 8 film. During her studies at the Academy of Media Arts in Cologne (1995–2000) she made her first 16 mm film "Panzano" (2000) in which three characters struggle to assign parts among themselves.
Barba has travelled and taken part in several residencies; the two year residency program at Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten in Amsterdam (2003-2004), Production in Residence, Baltic Arts Center Visby (2006), Villa Aurora, Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, USA (2007) and IASPIS Stockholm (2007-2008) among others.
She is part of a group of artists that addresses the importance of film and analogue in the digital age along with other contemporary practitioners such as Matthew Buckingham, Tacita Dean, Luke Fowler, Ben Rivers etc.
Artistic collaborations include "Handed Over" (2008) with David Maljkovic and several projects with her main partner in sound Jan St Werner from the duo Mouse on Mars.
In January 2013, Rosa Barba was awarded the "Marta Herford prize" by the Museum Marta Herford in Germany.
Work.
Rosa Barba's work considers the situations of cinema, whether it be the physical characteristics of celluloid, light, projector and sound, the structures or narrative, or its often improbable people, places or stories. Barba takes a sculptural approach to film, often taking apart its elements to create new mobile objects or directing the camera at objects and landscapes with a particular attention to form.
Film.
Barba's films develop from situations that form societies and landscapes. She investigates environments and weaves stories of place and people into fictitious narratives that open up new possibilities for interpretation. For example, in the film "Outwardly From Earth's Center" that was produced on the Swedish island Gotland during the winter 2006 as a Production in Residence project for the Baltic Arts Center in Sweden, Barba collaborated with the local inhabitants, who also performed in the film, to create narratives and form characters as the filming progressed.
"Outwardly From Earth's Center" is constructed around a fictitious society on a drifting island in danger of disappearing. Gotska Sandön drifts approximately one meter per year and the depiction of the small society trying to stop the movement develops into a surrealistic atmosphere that slowly but surely replaces the experience of what one might consider a beautiful documentary with a more abstract and somewhat absurd picture of people's struggle and vulnerability.
Sculpture & Installation.
Barba creates filmic sculptures and installations that take apart the physical and conceptual elements of cinema to create new objects. For example, the piece "Boundaries of Consumption" (2012) features a 16 mm projector directed at film cans with silver globes balancing while the film runs through, projecting an image on the wall that changes colour and appearance over time. Barba's filmic sculptures are often moving, speaking and acting as protagonists in an exhibition space.
In 2010 Rosa Barba won the Nam June Paik Award, exhibiting her installation "Coro Spezzato, The Future Lasts One Day" (2009) at Museum Kunstpalast. Coro Spezzato was originally exhibited at the 53rd Venice Biennale 2009. The piece is based on Venetian polychoral singing styles invented during the Renaissance and composed of five 16 mm projectors instead of church choirs. Words are projected on the gallery walls echoing a chorus as a solo and a duet. "It was about melodies you couldn't hear but which your brain started to create unconsciously... When I heard the sound, it created a melodic fantasma like an audio trompe l'oeil" writes Budde.
This echoes the words of artist and curator Ian White when he notes that Barba's works involves a "subtle interrogation into and co-option of industrial cinema-as-subject via various kinds of what might be understood as 'stagings'—of 'the local', the non-actor, gesture, genre, information, expertise and authority, the mundane—removals from a social realism within which they were observed and which qualifies them as components of the work, to be framed, redesigned, represented. The effect of which contests and recasts truth and fiction, myth and reality, metaphor and material to a disorientating degree that ultimately extends into a conceptual practice that also recasts the viewer's own staging as an act of radical and exhilarating reversal—from being the receiver of an image (a subject of control) to being in and amongst its engine rooms, looking out."
Publication.
"Printed Cinema" won the artist book award 2006 at the Ontario Association of Art Galleries and is a series of printed matter that is published alongside Barba's film projects since 2004. They attempt to reveal and unravel the cinematic organism and stressing the ephemeral nature of the image's surface through printed matter.
"Vertiginous Mapping" is a web based project supported by the Dia Art Foundation that draws upon a collection of film, images, text, and audio that was compiled during a residency in Sweden 2008.
Exhibitions.
Selected solo shows:

</doc>
<doc id="20799084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799084" title="Mykola Prystay">
Mykola Prystay

Mykola Prystay () (born November 26, 1954 in the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast) is a retired Soviet football player and current Ukrainian coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20799099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799099" title="Ashfaque Sayed">
Ashfaque Sayed

Ashfaque Sayed is an Indian darts player.
Sayed's first major tournament came in the 2005 WDF World Cup, losing in the first round 4-1 to Brazilian Artue Valle. He then played in the 2006 WDF Asia-Pacific Cup, losing all three group games in group D2. Sayed won the 2007 India National Championships to qualify for the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship, losing in the preliminary round 5-0 to China's Shi Yongsheng.

</doc>
<doc id="20799106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799106" title="A Good Fight">
A Good Fight

A Good Fight (commonly abbreviated to AGF) is an American Rock Band from Fayetteville, Arkansas. The current members are Eddie Love, Rizz, Jon Woods, Christian Sanchez, and Eddie "Dump Truck" Mekelburg. The band's first album, "The City Could Be Ours By Morning", was released in February 2008. Their second album, "A Good Fight", was released May 1, 2010. The band is currently in the studio, recording their third release (their second full length album), "The Kids Keep Asking for More".
Background.
A Good Fight was named "Best New Band" at the 2007 Northwest Arkansas Music Awards. At the 2012 Northwest Arkansas Music Awards, they won the "Best Rock Band" category. "Alternative Press" magazine described the band as having "mature, punk-infused vocals and catchy choral arrangements balance between genres—but that's part of what gives the band personality".
The band was also named "Best Band of the Year" in 2007 by "Celebrate Magazine". The "Fayetteville Free Weekly" predicted that A Good Fight will be "the first Northwest Arkansas band to land on MTV".
MTV.
Within just months of their first concert, the band won a nationwide MTV contest in which 4000 bands competed to have their music played during an MTV reality show. Over a half a million votes were cast and A Good Fight received an overwhelming number of them for the music video for their debut single "The Drama". The video appeared during the season finale of "A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila" and several episodes of "Made". Their music video for "The Drama" was also featured on MTV and an after party was held minutes after they were announced the winners of the contest.
Discography.
Track listing.
"The City Could be Ours by Morning".
1. "Dejavu In A Suitcase"<br>2. "The Drama"<br>3. "White Flag"<br>4. "Waiting Room"<br>5. "Sayonara"<br>6. "History"<br>7. "Town.House.Fire"
"A Good Fight".
1. "The Captain"<br>2. "Kill Me, What a Love"<br>3. "Rips Like a Motor"<br>4. "Ordinary"<br>5. "Every Other Moment" featuring Amyh Hart from Fayetteville, AR band, Dreamfast<br>6. "Someone to Call"<br>7. "Emergency"<br>8. "Because of the Times"<br>9. "The Only One"<br>10. "Sparks Were Flying"<br>11. "I'll Take it From Here"<br>12. "All Day, All Night" featuring Colin Hardaway, "Organic Hip-Hop"

</doc>
<doc id="20799110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799110" title="Carter-Campbell of Possil">
Carter-Campbell of Possil

<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
Carter-Campbell of Possil or Campbell of Possil is a branch of the Scottish clan Clan Campbell.
History.
Campbell of Possil.
This family is descended from Sir Colin Campbell of Glenorchy, Earls of Breadalbane (see that title). Sir Colin was the second son of Duncan Campbell, 1st Lord Campbell who was Uncle and Guardian of Colin 1st Earl of Argyll in 1453 (see Campbell Dukes of Argyll). See Burke's Landed Gentry of Great Britain 19th edition volume I, The Kingdom of Scotland. See also Campbell Barons Colgrain and Campbell of Inverneill in this volume.
The family is a branch of the Campbells of Kinloch, an off shoot of the Campbells of Murthlie, who sprang from a younger son of Campbell of Lawers (see Burke's Peerage and Gentry).
Carter of Castle Martin.
This family: Boyle Carter and Shaen Carter are descended from Carter of Shaen Manor, County Mayo and the Carters of Robertstown, County Meath (see Burke's Irish Landed Gentry).
Motto.
Fac et Spera
Translated from its Latin as "Do and Hope"
Notable bearers.
Notable members of the Clan and bearers of this coat of arms and the Armorial Bearings shown below:
Union of the two Families.
This was the union of two land owning families, the Carters of the Castle Martin estate, County Kildare, Ireland and the Campbells of the Possil estate, Lanarkshire, Scotland. Colonel Thomas Tupper Carter (Lord Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, Argyllshire and grandson of the Rt. Hon Thomas Carter Master of the Rolls and son of Admiral John Carter R.N.) married Miss Emily Georgina Campbell of Possil IV (granddaughter of Colonel Alexander Campbell of Possil) in 1864. Their matrimonal home was the Fascadale estate, Ardrishaig, Argyllshire. Miss Emily Georgina Campbell of Possil IV who owned the Possil estate also wished to retain her surname and Colonel Thomas Tupper Carter therefore added the name of Campbell to his surname in 1864.
Tartans.
The tartans attributed to the family:
Clan Campbell of Possil Family Mausoleum.
The family mausoleum is situated in the Parkland within the grounds of Torosay Castle. Those family members buried there include:
Torosay Castle, Isle of Mull.
John Campbell of Possil (nicknamed "The Dragoon") who was the son of Colonel Alexander Campbell of Possil, employed architect, David Bryce, and built the castle on the Isle of Mull on the Torosay estate after acquiring it from his father in 1858.
The armorial bearings of the Campbells of Possil and the Crest, as shown above, are carved in stone and displayed on each elevation of the castle walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20799111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799111" title="Pavel Hofmann">
Pavel Hofmann

Pavel Hofmann (born January 29, 1938) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the coxed fours event.
Four years later he and his partner Vladimír Andrs won the bronze medal in the double sculls competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20799130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799130" title="Vladimír Andrs">
Vladimír Andrs

Vladimír Andrs (born May 12, 1937) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he and his partner Pavel Hofmann won the bronze medal in the double sculls event.

</doc>
<doc id="20799147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799147" title="Westmorland General Hospital">
Westmorland General Hospital

Westmorland General Hospital is a hospital near Oxenholme in Kendal, Cumbria. It is part of the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust.
Hospital Radio Station.
Bay Trust Radio broadcasts to Kendal, Lancaster and Barrow-in-Furness (FGH). It boasts the most advanced Hospital Radio Studios in the North West.

</doc>
<doc id="20799170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799170" title="Teem Plaza">
Teem Plaza

Teem Plaza is a twin tower complex in Guangzhou, China that consists of 45-storey, Teem Tower, a 38-storey Sheraton hotel, and a shopping mall. Construction of Teem Plaza was completed in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20799178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799178" title="The Wensleydale School">
The Wensleydale School

The Wensleydale School and Sixth Form is a coeducational comprehensive school situated on Richmond Road, Leyburn, North Yorkshire, England.
The Wensleydale School opened in 1959, and became the community school for the whole of Wensleydale and beyond in 1971. In 2006 it became a specialist school in science and gained a Healthy Schools award. In 2008 the School opened a new post-16 centre.
The School is attended by approximately 500 pupils aged from 11 to 18 years. The majority of pupils join from eight local primary schools although intake can be from a wider area.

</doc>
<doc id="20799181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799181" title="Valle de la Serena">
Valle de la Serena

Valle de la Serena is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,457 (2007) and an area of 121.4 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20799190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799190" title="Line 13">
Line 13

Line 13 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20799198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799198" title="Line 14">
Line 14

Line 14 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20799211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799211" title="Rosenman &amp; Colin">
Rosenman &amp; Colin

Rosenman & Colin LLP was a New York City-based law firm that practiced from 1912 to 2002, at which point the firm merged with Chicago-based Katten Muchin Zavis to form Katten Muchin Rosenman. The firm previously practiced under the name Rosenman, Colin, Freund, Lewis & Cohen. 
Rosenman & Colin numbered some 275 attorneys when it merged with Katten Muchin Zavis in 2002, with offices in New York, Washington, DC, and Charlotte, North Carolina. 
Rosenman & Colin was well known for its estate and trust planning and administration, real estate, intellectual property and litigation practices. These practice areas have been influential in all aspects of New York City's legal arenas over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20799224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799224" title="Line 12">
Line 12

Line 12 can refer to the following :

</doc>
<doc id="20799225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799225" title="Jimmy Durante's Way of Life...">
Jimmy Durante's Way of Life...

"Jimmy Durante's Way of Life..." is a 1965 studio album by Jimmy Durante, arranged by Gordon Jenkins. 

</doc>
<doc id="20799277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799277" title="Line 15">
Line 15

Line 15 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20799299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799299" title="Northwest Passage (TV series)">
Northwest Passage (TV series)

Northwest Passage is a 26-episode half-hour adventure television series produced by Metro Goldwyn Mayer about Major Robert Rogers during the time of the French and Indian War (1756–1763). The show derived its title and the main characters Rogers, Towne, and Marriner from the 1937 novel of the same name by Kenneth Roberts, and from the 1940 MGM feature film based on the novel. The scope of the novel was much broader than that of the series, and the second half of the book included an historically based attempt by Rogers to find a water route through North America as a "passage" to the Pacific Ocean. This attempt, lending its name to the novel and used by Roberts as a metaphor for the questing human spirit, is referenced in the first episode.
One of the earlier series telecast in color, "Northwest Passage" aired new episodes on NBC from September 14, 1958, to March 13, 1959. Keith Larsen (1924–2006) played the lead role (originally that of Spencer Tracy in the film); Buddy Ebsen (1908–2003), later the star of CBS's "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "Barnaby Jones", appeared as Sergeant Hunk Marriner (originally played in the film by Walter Brennan, who at the time of this series was starring in the TV series "The Real McCoys"), and Don Burnett co-starred as Ensign Langdon Towne (originally played by Robert Young, at the time of this series starring in "Father Knows Best").
Rogers formed a volunteer group, Rogers' Rangers, determined to fight with the British against the French and their Indian allies in what later became northern New York State. The series premiere entitled "Fight at the River" featured 24-year-old Denny Scott Miller as Ranger Cooper. He was later Duke Shannon on the Western "Wagon Train" and the military husband in NBC's "Mona McCluskey".
Selected episodes.
"Northwest Passage", a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Production, aired at 7:30 Eastern on Sunday opposite the first half-hour of "Maverick", the popular western series on ABC, and the alternating cycle of "Bachelor Father" and "The Jack Benny Program" on CBS. The program continued in reruns until September 8, 1959.
Prior to "Northwest Passage", Larsen had appeared in the title role on CBS's western series "Brave Eagle", with Kim Winona (1930–1978) as Morning Star.
Movies from series episodes.
From 1959 to 1961, MGM theatrically released three movies which consisted of three edited and combined episodes of the "Northwest Passage" television series. The first was "Frontier Rangers" (1959) (runtime: 84 minutes), containing the episodes "The Gunsmith," "The Bound Women," and "The Vulture." The second movie was "Mission of Danger" (1959) (79 min), which contained "The Red Coat," "Break Out," and "Secret of the Cliff." The last was "Fury River" (1961), which had "Fight at the River," "Stab in the Back," and "Surprise Attack." (74 min).

</doc>
<doc id="20799304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799304" title="Mount Airy Historic District (Mount Airy, Maryland)">
Mount Airy Historic District (Mount Airy, Maryland)

The Mount Airy Historic District is a national historic district in Mount Airy, located in Carroll and Frederick County, Maryland. The district comprises a cohesive group of commercial, residential, and ecclesiastical buildings dating from the late 19th through early 20th centuries. The brick Baltimore and Ohio Railroad station, constructed in 1882, represents the town's origin as an early transportation center for the region, which dates back as early as 1838. A group of early-20th century commercial structures represent the rebuilding of Mount Airy's downtown after a series of fires between 1903 and 1926. The residential areas are characterized by houses illustrating vernacular forms and popular stylistic influences of the late 19th and early 20th century. Three churches are located within the district.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20799335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799335" title="James A. Thompson">
James A. Thompson

James A. Thompson is an American politician from the state of Texas. He is currently the mayor of Sugar Land, Texas.
Personal life.
James Thompson attended Bellaire High School in Houston. He graduated from Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches, Texas. He has served on the Board of Regents there since 2005. 
He married his wife, Gay, in 1970. They have three children: Michael, Tara, and Meredith. He has lived in Sugar Land with his family since 1978.
Political career.
Thompson was a board member of Fort Bend Municipal Utility District #12. He then served 15 years on the Fort Bend County Commissioner’s Court to Fort Bend Levee Improvement District #2. Thompson served nine years on the Sugar Land City Council, from 1996 to 2005, both as a District and At-Large council member. 
During his political career, Thompson was assisted in projects for the expansion of Highway 59, improving local roads in Sugar Land, the creation of the Sugar Land Town Square, improving the Sugar Land Regional Airport; expanding the Sugar Land park system (creating the Imperial, Oyster Creek, and Eldridge parks), and acquiring land for the Brazos River Corridor.
Thompson currently serves as mayor of Sugar Land, Texas. He was elected mayor of Sugar Land in 2008 after former mayor David G. Wallace stepped down from his office. The election was held on the June 21, 2008. 7,852 people voted in the election and Thompson won with a margin of over 1600.

</doc>
<doc id="20799353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799353" title="Life Mel Honey">
Life Mel Honey

Life Mel Honey is a brand of honey produced by Zuf Globus Laboratories Ltd, Kiryat Shmona, Israel. It was developed by Alexander Goroshit, who started his research in the Soviet Union. According to its manufacturer, Life Mel is made by honey bees fed on a diet which includes herbs such as Siberian Ginseng, "Echinacea" and "Uncaria tomentosa".
The product was the subject of news coverage in December 2007 when the London-based Harrods department store billed it as the world’s most expensive honey, selling at £42 per 120 g pot, with added claims that celebrities Sienna Miller and Kylie Minogue purchased the item. Former "Casualty" star Rebekah Gibbs, who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008, has also mentioned taking the honey in a video diary for "The Mirror".
Therapeutic claims.
Occasional anecdotal reports from single patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy have claimed benefits from taking Life Mel Honey. However, Life Mel Honey's therapeutic value has only been the subject of a single clinical study to date. This enrolled 30 cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy who had all previously experienced severe neutropenia (abnormally low numbers of neutrophils, a type of white blood cell) as an adverse effect of chemotherapy. Patients were given Life Mel Honey (5 g daily for five days) at the start of each of their subsequent courses of chemotherapy. Twelve patients (40%) did not develop severe neutropenia after the honey treatments, a statistically significant improvement, and no adverse effects were associated with the honey. The authors concluded that treatment with Life Mel Honey was "a very inexpensive, safe, and effective method of preventing chemotherapy-induced pancytopenia." 
According to an article in "The Guardian"'s Science Blog, however, the small size of the study and the absence of any control group make the results hard to interpret; the article concludes that the positive results could simply be due to the placebo effect. The blog article also quotes Eitan Friedman, one of the study's authors, as saying:
As far as I am concerned this was just a preliminary study that was not adequately controlled lacked any statistical power to detect any meaningful benefits ... Having my name attached to the publicity brochures and websites sponsored by Life Mel and claiming that I support this specific product is a false and inaccurate representation of the truth.
British clinical oncologist Karol Sikora was quoted in the "Daily Mail" as considering "it's plausible that there are natural factors that stimulate bone marrow cells," but stated that "the research far is not great."

</doc>
<doc id="20799357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799357" title="Cedar Springs, Texas">
Cedar Springs, Texas

Cedar Springs is an unincorporated community in west Falls County, Texas, United States. It is located on Farm-to-market road #2027.

</doc>
<doc id="20799370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799370" title="La Parisienne (fresco)">
La Parisienne (fresco)

La Parisienne also known as the Minoan Lady, is part of the Camp Stool Fresco, which was probably painted on the wall of the Sanctuary Hall on the Piano Nobile at the palace of Knossos. The sacral knot worn at the back of the neck seems to indicate that she is a priestess or even a goddess.
The archaeological research in Minoan palaces, cemeteries and settlements has brought to light a multitude of objects related to beautification. 
It seems that there were beautification areas in the palaces of Knossos, Zakros and Pylos. These beauty objects were used during the whole Aegean Bronze Age. By using these objects, the Minoan ladies highlighted the red lips and the white of the face. In the fresco of the Parisienne, the use of the black colour for emphasizing the form of the eyes and red for the lips can clearly be seen.
It dates from the Neopalatial period, ca. 1400 B.C., and is currently in the Herakleion Archaeological Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20799374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799374" title="Peter Joseph Elvenich">
Peter Joseph Elvenich

Peter Joseph Elvenich (January 29, 1796 – June 16, 1886) was a German Catholic theologian and philosopher born in Embken, a village that today is part of Nideggen, North Rhine-Westphalia. He was a principal supporter and defender of Hermesianism, a theological belief system based on the teachings of Georg Hermes (1775–1831).
He studied theology and philosophy in Münster and Bonn, and in 1821 became a schoolteacher in Koblenz. During the following year he became a lecturer at the University of Bonn, where in 1826 he became an associate professor of philosophy. In 1829 he attained a full professorship at the University of Breslau, where in 1837 he took on additional duties as librarian.
Following the papal decrees of September 26, 1835 and January 7, 1836, of which Pope Gregory XVI condemned writings issued by Georg Hermes, Elvenich, along with Johann Wilhelm Joseph Braun (1801-1863), traveled to Rome in order to the convince the Pope to revise the decrees of condemnation. Their efforts were in vain, and several years later the condemnation was reiterated by Pope Pius IX. In 1843 Elvenich was removed from his post in Breslau at the request of Johannes von Geissel, coadjutor to the Archbishop of Cologne. After the Vatican Council of 1870, he became a member of the Old Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20799379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799379" title="McKinstry's Mills Historic District">
McKinstry's Mills Historic District

The McKinstry's Mills Historic District is a national historic district in Union Bridge, located in Carroll and Frederick County, Maryland. The district comprises the entirety of the settlement of McKinstry's Mills, a hamlet consisting of six separate properties that were owned and developed in the 19th century by the McKinstry family, local millers. At the center is a -story grist mill constructed in 1844. Also included are the McKinstry homestead, built between 1825 and 1835; the residence of miller Samuel McKinstry, dated 1849; a store building of 1850; and two other small houses and a variety of outbuildings. There is also a 1908 Warren pony truss bridge.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20799387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799387" title="Alex Dyson">
Alex Dyson

Alex Dyson (born 22 June 1988) is an Australian radio presenter who, along with co-host Matt Okine presents the breakfast show on Australian youth radio station Triple J.
Dyson grew up in Warrnambool and began his radio career on local community station 3WAY FM. Dyson and former co-host Tom Ballard began presenting "mid-dawn" shifts for Australian youth radio station in 2007. They made their transition to weekend radio in late 2008, taking over from Sam Simmons. 
On 23 November 2009, Triple J announced that Tom Ballard and Dyson would take over as hosts of the 2010 Breakfast show.
World record attempt.
In December 2008, live on Triple J radio, Dyson attempted to break the Guinness world record for the most Ferrero Rocher chocolates eaten in one minute, which stood at seven. 
Battle of the Bits winner.
On Wednesday, 29 July 2011 Alex Dyson won the International Battle of the Bits, a competition held by now finished 'Omelette & Finster show' of KLT (Commercial Rock station in Michigan). The competition consists of contestants writing parody songs. Dyso did a parody using Eminem's song "Lose Yourself" 
The Australian Triple J team also won the Christmas Battle of the Bits with KLT.

</doc>
<doc id="20799396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799396" title="USC&amp;GS Pioneer (1918)">
USC&amp;GS Pioneer (1918)

USC&GS "Pioneer" was a survey ship that served in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1922 to 1941. She was the first ship of the Coast and Geodetic Survey to bear the name.
Construction and United States Navy service.
"Pioneer" was laid down as the United States Navy minesweeper USS "Osprey" (Minesweeper No. 29) by Gas Engine and Power Company at Morris Heights, New York, on 14 November 1917. She was launched on either 14 November 1918 or 19 November 1918 and was commissioned on 7 January 1919.
"Osprey" assisted in sweeping the North Sea Mine Barrage in 1919. She spent 1920 in ordinary at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and was redesignated AM-29 that year. She was decommissioned at Portsmouth on 12 December 1920.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey career.
In 1922 "Osprey" steamed to Boston, Massachusetts, where she was transferred to the U.S. Department of Commerce on 7 April 1922. She entered service in the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey that year as the survey ship "Pioneer". "Pioneer" and survey ships USC&GS "Discoverer"—formerly the U.S. Navy minesweeper USS "Auk" (AM-38)—and USC&GS "Guide"—formerly the U.S. Navy minesweeper USS "Flamingo" (AM-32)—were collectively known in the Coast and Geodetic Survey as the "Bird Boats" because of their former Navy names. "Pioneer" spent her Coast and Geodetic Survey career on duties on the United States West Coast and in the Territory of Alaska.
In 1934 personnel aboard "Pioneer" developed a deep sea hydrophone in connection with the Survey's work developing radio acoustic ranging, a system in which a small TNT bomb timed to explode at about feet, the explosion's sound wave is registered by a hydrophone aboard and hydrophones at two or more known shore locations that then send a radio signal of arrival time back to the vessel for range calculation, to better establish positions beyond shore signal visibility. "Pioneer" personnel successfully used the hydrophone to a depth of off the coast of southern California in the work establishing the velocity and path of sound in the sea.
Tragedy struck "Pioneer" on 11 October 1928 when a member of her crew -- Seaman Earl Forsberg—fell overboard and drowned during a survey of Heceta Bank off the coast of Oregon.
During her career, "Pioneer" occasionally rendered assistance to mariners in distress and assisted civil authorities ashore. On 28 November 1934, she sighted a yacht flying a distress signal; closing to investigate, she found that the yacht had a disabled engine and took it in tow off Point Vicente, California. On 20 December 1935, she was pierside at Long Beach, California, California, when a fire broke out on the pier; her crew contained the fire until the local fire department arrived on the scene.
Return to U.S. Navy service.
In 1941, "Pioneer" was transferred back to the U.S. Navy, which commissioned her as the salvage ship USS "Crusader" (ARS-2). "Crusader" operated from the Panama Canal Zone throughout World War II. She was decommissioned in 1947 and sold in 1952.
Commemoration.
Two underwater geographic features of the Pacific Ocean, Pioneer Seamount and Pioneer Canyon, are named for "Pioneer".

</doc>
<doc id="20799426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799426" title="Christmas in Hollis">
Christmas in Hollis

"Christmas in Hollis" is a single by Run–D.M.C. that was included on two 1987 Christmas compilation albums featuring various artists: "A Very Special Christmas" (A&M 3911) and "Christmas Rap" (Profile 1247). A&M Records originally released the song as a single in 1987 off of the "A Very Special Christmas" album. The track was produced by the group along with Rick Rubin, and has become very popular during the holiday season. It reached number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart in 2000, 13 years after it was first released.
The track samples Clarence Carter's 1968 holiday song "Back Door Santa", "Frosty the Snowman", "Jingle Bells", and "Joy to the World".

</doc>
<doc id="20799429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799429" title="Murtagh Morgan">
Murtagh Morgan

Murtagh Morgan (fl. 1925–1981) was a trade unionist and Irish republican politician.
Morgan lived in Belfast and had a Roman Catholic background. In the 1920s, he became a republican labour activist in the Northern Ireland Labour Party (NILP), claiming to act in the spirit of James Connolly. By 1925, he had become the President of the Belfast section of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union. By the 1930s, he was Chairman of the union, and was active on Belfast Trades Council. He supported the Republican Congress initiative, started in 1934. During this period, he was close to the Socialist Party of Northern Ireland faction of the NILP.
At some point Morgan left the NILP, and at the Northern Ireland general election, 1953, he was elected as the Irish Labour Party MP for Belfast Dock. He stood down at the 1958 general election, and Gerry Fitt stood as the group's candidate.
Morgan nominated Albert Price as in independent Irish republican candidate for Belfast West at the February 1974 UK general election He was also named as a possible Republican Labour Party candidates in Belfast North, but in the event the party disbanded and did not stand any candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20799434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799434" title="Flock House">
Flock House

Flock House was an agricultural and farm training school in Bulls, Rangitikei District, New Zealand from 1924 until 1987.
From 1924 to 1937 sons of British seamen that had been killed or wounded during World War I were brought over, trained at Flock House, and placed on farms in New Zealand, to start a new life. From 1937 to 1987 New Zealand nationals were trained at the school.
The complex was used by private owners since 1987 as a conference facility.
The building.
Flock House is located at 1427 Parewanui Road, Parewanui, 14 km out of Bulls. The homestead was built by Russell & Bignell Ltd. in 1908, as a three-storey residence for Lyn McKelvie, and is now under the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. The building has an 'L' shaped plan, and early elements of the Arts and Crafts style that became popular in New Zealand in the 1930s. McKelvie was the owner of an estate of over . The property, including the Homestead, was sold in 1923 to the Fund, that would use it as an agricultural training farm from then on.
History of the school.
Following the First World War, Edward Newman, Member of Parliament for Rangitikei, proposed that sheep farmers in New Zealand should acknowledge a "debt" to the British Royal and Mercantile Navy. These seamen had kept the shipping lanes open enabling New Zealand's wool-clip to be sent to England. The New Zealand Farmers Union established the "New Zealand Sheep Owners Acknowledgement of Debt to British Seamen Fund", from farmers' wool-clip earnings and from 1921 funds were distributed to dependents in England.
By 1924, the Fund purchased Flock House Farm in Bulls, Rangitikei, with the intention of bringing dependents to New Zealand, teaching them the basics of farming at Flock House, then placing them on farms around New Zealand. Between 1924 and 1937 a total of over 600 dependents were brought over, trained and placed on farms.
In 1937 the Government negotiated the purchase of the farm and re-focused training towards New Zealand nationals.
From 1969 to 1983 the Principal of Flock House was J.J. Stewart (the rugby coach).
In 1988 the facility was closed. By that time, more than 3,000 students had been successfully trained.
In early 2010 the site was used to host Campus A Low Hum, an alternative music festival over Wellington Anniversary Weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="20799438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799438" title="Howard E. Bigelow">
Howard E. Bigelow

Howard E. Bigelow (1923–1987) was an American mycologist, born in 1923 in Greenfield, Massachusetts and died in 1987. He was wed to mycologist Margaret Elizabeth Barr-Bigelow in 1956.
He studied at Oberlin College from 1941 to 1943. He left college to fight in the American army. He returned to Oberlin after the war and obtained his Bachelor of Arts in 1949 and his Master of Arts in 1951. He studied botany at the University of Michigan under the guidance of Alexander Hanchett Smith (1904–1986) and received his doctorate in 1956. He is the author of works on the fungi of the "Clitocybe" and "Tricholomataceae" genera.

</doc>
<doc id="20799456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799456" title="Jan Francisci">
Jan Francisci

Jan Francisci (14 June 169127 April 1758) was an organist and composer born in Neusohl, Kingdom of Hungary (now Banská Bystrica, Slovakia). In 1709, he succeeded his father as cantor there before going to Vienna in 1722. He visited J.S. Bach in Leipzig in 1725. He worked as a church musician in (Pressburg) (now Bratislava) until 1735, when he returned to Neusohl. He remained there until his death, except for the years 1743–1748.

</doc>
<doc id="20799460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799460" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Chesterfield County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chesterfield County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Chesterfield County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20799473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799473" title="The Newcastle Programme">
The Newcastle Programme

The Newcastle Programme was a statement of policies passed by the representatives of the English and Welsh Liberal Associations meeting at the annual conference of the National Liberal Federation (NLF) in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1891. The centrepiece of the Newcastle Programme was the primacy of Irish Home Rule, but associated with it were a raft of other reforms, in particular: land reform; reform of the Lords; shorter parliaments; district and parish councils; registration reform and abolition of plural voting; local veto on drink sales; employers' liability for workers' accidents and Scottish and Welsh disestablishment.
The Newcastle Programme was therefore important for two reasons; first, it gave the Liberal party a Radical agenda on which to fight the next general election and second, the detailed 'shopping list' of policies it adopted was innovatory in British politics, setting a precedent for modern political parties. Today ordinary members of all major political parties participate in policy development and the parties present the electorate with a programme or manifesto for government, agreed or endorsed in some way by their members. 
Liberal campaigning.
The Liberal Party's leading pioneer of organised campaigning had been Joseph Chamberlain. In 1885, he put forward the Radical Programme, unauthorised by the party leadership, as an election manifesto for using the constructive power of the state but Liberal leader William Ewart Gladstone subverted Chamberlain's efforts, co-opting the NLF for mainstream Liberalism. By adopting Home Rule for Ireland as his banner, Gladstone trumped the Radical Programme, driving Chamberlain out of the party to form the Liberal Unionists. In the great schism of 1886 over Home Rule, the NLF deserted Chamberlain to remain loyal to Gladstone.
Home Rule.
Between 1886 and 1891, Home Rule dominated Liberal policy debates but two events damaged their Irish allies. In 1887, "The Times" published letters, implicating Charles Stewart Parnell, the Irish Home Rule party leader, in the Phoenix Park murders of a government minister and a civil servant, although a high profile government inquiry later discovered the letters to be forgeries. In 1890, the divorce of Katharine O'Shea, which identified Parnell as Mrs O'Shea's lover, split the Irish party and scandalised nonconformist Liberals. The split in the Irish Home Rule party in 1890 weakened the likelihood of a successful Home Rule Bill. At the 1891 meeting of the NLF in Newcastle upon Tyne Gladstone reaffirmed the primacy of Home Rule, but associated it with reforms on the mainland by adopting various proposals of the NLF Council, in particular: land reform; reform of the Lords; shorter parliaments; district and parish councils; registration reform and abolition of plural voting; local veto on drink sales; employers' liability for workers' accidents; Scottish and Welsh disestablishment. The Newcastle programme was to be the solution to these dilemmas, a manifesto for British government. 
National Liberal Federation.
Each year the National Liberal Federation met for debate in what may be seen as the forerunner of today's political party conferences. The NLF developed a process by which it passed an omnibus resolution incorporating all the policies that had been agreed in debate. In the autumn of 1891, the Federation met in Newcastle upon Tyne. In addition to Home Rule, the policies, which were crowded onto the omnibus, may be divided into three main areas: rural, religious and electoral reform. On 2 October 1891, Gladstone spoke to the NLF and for the first time, a Liberal Party leader had lent support to a programme proposed by the party's grass roots. However one historian has argued that the Radicals inside the Liberal Party lacked the leadership to ensure their programme was truly implemented. Michael Bentley suggests that while Gladstone and the Liberal leadership was obliged to listen to the opinion of such a significant section of the party, they were able to slide along without making form commitments and to pick and choose from the 'rag-bag' of policies that made up the Newcastle Programme, prioritising those they wanted and forgetting those they disliked. One of Gladstone's biographers also supports this assessment. Roy Jenkins asserts that Gladstone's only real interest now lay in Irish Home Rule but he allowed John Morley and William Vernon Harcourt to cobble together the Newcastle Programme which he describes as 'a capacious ragbag ...weak on theme'. According to Jenkins, Gladstone had neither the time not energy to oppose the NLF programme and decided to swallow it whole just to ensure the party remained wedded to Home Rule as its principal policy. Gladstone's endorsement of the Newcastle Programme did have one important outcome. A few weeks later, on 25 November, Lord Hartington, the leader of the Liberal Unionist Party, announced that there was no longer any hope of re-union with the Gladstonian Liberals.
The failure to implement the Newcastle Programme.
The Liberal Party won the 1892 election, although its majority relied on Irish Nationalist support, and the results were far from the sort of endorsement from the electorate that Gladstone hoped. The new government was unable to enact much of the Newcastle Programme, even those parts of which Gladstone did approve, because of implacable opposition from the Conservative dominated House of Lords. According to one historian of the Liberal Party, the Conservative leader Lord Salisbury justified their rejection of the Liberal measures including, crucially, Home Rule, on the basis that the Liberal victory in 1892 had rested on the votes of 150 electors in eight constituencies collected by offering many different policy bribes. Of the Newcastle Programme, the government's principal achievements were employers liability, parish councils and William Vernon Harcourt's 1894 budget, which introduced graduated death duties. Gladstone resigned as prime minister in 1894 and was replaced with Lord Rosebery who poured scorn on the Newcastle Programme as the 'flyblown phylacteries of obsolete policies'. When the government's efforts to bring in temperance reform and Welsh disestablishment also failed, Rosebery's disunited cabinet were almost anxious for an excuse to resign.
The Conservatives won the 1895 general election ushering in ten years of Tory government. The Radical policy inheritance of the Newcastle Programme would have to wait for the reforming governments of Henry Campbell-Bannerman and H. H. Asquith before being cashed in.

</doc>
<doc id="20799483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799483" title="Edward Newman (New Zealand politician)">
Edward Newman (New Zealand politician)

Edward Newman (1859–1946) was a Reform Party Member of Parliament and a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council in the early 20th century.
Political career.
He represented Manawatu from 1908, then Rangitikei from 1911, then Manawatu again from 1919. He retired in 1922. He was appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council on 1 June 1923 and served one term until 31 May 1930.
In the 1923 New Year Honours, Newman was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George. In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
Flock House.
Newman played an active role in establishing Flock House. He wanted the farmers of New Zealand to acknowledge the efforts of the British seamen who kept the sea lanes open during World War I. He established a fund so that the sons of British seamen who had been killed or wounded could be trained in NZ to start a new life, in conjunction with the Sheepfarmers' Association of New Zealand.
A property was purchased in 1924, and Flock House remained an agricultural training facility until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20799498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799498" title="Kopa Riddim">
Kopa Riddim

Riddim Driven: Kopa, also known as Kopa Riddim, is an album produced by Black Chiney that was released on May 10, 2005, as part of VP Records' "Riddim Driven" series.
The sound system Black Chiney evolved from founding member Supa Dups' reggae/hip-hop mix-CD project, and was established after Supa Dups teamed up with Bobby Chin, who was a selector in Tampa, Florida's Poison Dart sound system in 1999. In 2001, with the advice of Bounty Killer they quit Poison Dart to start their own sound Black Chiney. After several years of touring all over the world, Supa Dups decided to produce his own riddim.

</doc>
<doc id="20799542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799542" title="Pez (musician)">
Pez (musician)

Pez (born Perry Chapman) is a hip hop MC from Melbourne, Australia. He attended Kew High School in Melbourne's eastern suburbs. His debut album, "A Mind of My Own" peaked at #19 on the ARIA Urban albums chart.
Biography.
Pez's debut album, "A Mind of My Own", was produced by Matik,(DEKAH1) with contributions from members of TZU, The Cat Empire and Blue King Brown. It was released on 4 October 2008 by Soulmate Records (distributed by Inertia) and peaked at #19 on the ARIA Urban albums chart and #8 on the AIR albums chart. The single "The Festival Song" peaked at #14 on the ARIA Australian Singles charts and #1 on the AIR singles chart.
Pez appeared for the first time in a Triple J Hottest 100 with one entry in the 2008 countdown; "The Festival Song" at number 7.
Pez has appeared onstage alongside US hip-hop stars Atmosphere, Mix Master Mike, Peanut Butter Wolf, Vanilla Ice, Lupe Fiasco, Brother Ali, Akrobatik, and Australian artists 360, Seth Sentry, Illy, TZU, Muph & Plutonic, Drapht, Bliss n Eso, Illzilla and Many more.
On 11 May 2009, "These Days 2009", a reworked version of album track "These Days" featuring vocals by Hailey Cramer (Blue King Brown), aired on Triple J for the first time. A special edition of "A Mind of My Own" was released on 6 June 2009 with two new songs: "These Days 2009" and "Ain't Got Time" (Automatik Remix) featuring Dukes of Windsor and Seth Sentry; two videos: 'The Making of "These Days 2009"' and "The Festival Song" as well as new cover art.
At the fourth annual AIR Awards held on 22 November 2009 Pez won 'Best Independent Hip Hop/Urban Album' for "A Mind of My Own".
In August 2011, Pez was featured on the Tom Ugly single 'I Was Somebody Else'. He was also featured on the Illy single 'Where Ya Been' released in July 2012.
Pez stated in a recent freestyle that he has been diagnosed with Graves' disease. Pez also stated on Facebook in late 2011 that he was working on a new album and mixtape and was hoping to have it/them released before Christmas, however this did not eventuate.
He announced on his Facebook page that he had established his own record label, "Easy Records". The first release on the label was the iTunes single "Perfect Couple, Pt. 2" by Fozzey & VanC.
On 4 December 2012, Pez's new single 'The Game' premiered on Triple J. It was later announced on a SoundCloud page where the single could be heard that it will be released by Soulmate Records on iTunes on December 14, 2012.
Discography.
Solo.
Sickcunt INC (2008)
Singles.
Heavenly

</doc>
<doc id="20799571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799571" title="Norman Spack">
Norman Spack

Dr. Norman P. Spack is an American pediatric endocrinologist at Children's Hospital Boston, where he co-founded the hospital's Gender Management Service (GeMS) clinic in February 2007. He is an internationally known specialist in treatment for intersexed and transgender youth, and is one of the only doctors in the world who prescribes hormone replacement therapy to minors.
Spack has been consulted to discuss trans medical issues, often specifically pediatric in focus, in media outlets such as 20/20, "Time", "The Atlantic", and National Public Radio. He wrote the foreword of the 2008 book "The Transgender Child: A Handbook for Families and Professionals".

</doc>
<doc id="20799587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799587" title="United States presidential election in Mississippi, 2008">
United States presidential election in Mississippi, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 6 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Mississippi was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 13.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Although the state has the largest African American percentage in the country, Mississippi remains a safe red state at the presidential level, having voted Republican every election year since 1980. While there was comparably high African American turnout compared to previous elections in Mississippi, it was not enough to overcome the state's strong Republican leanings.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll, each with at least 50% of the vote with the exception of the one of them. The final 3 polls average gave the Republican a lead of 51% to 39%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,386,749 in the state. Barack Obama raised $768,981.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $238,401. McCain and his interest groups spent $139,999. The McCain ticket visited three times. Obama's ticket visited the state once.
Analysis.
The last Democratic presidential nominee to win Mississippi was Jimmy Carter in 1976. Due to its status as a safe red state, little campaigning took place in Mississippi by either of the two major party candidates.
Mississippi is one of the most racially polarized states when it comes to voting for president. African Americans uniformly vote Democratic while Caucasians vote Republican nearly as uniformly. In 2004, 14% of Caucasians voted for John Kerry and 10% of African Americans voted for Bush, according to exit polling. In 2008, Barack Obama was able to improve on Kerry's performance by six percent, mainly due to the higher African American turnout. Obama's main support was in the Black Belt, the western delta counties next to the Mississippi River. In contrast, McCain's margins came from the regions bordering the Gulf Coast and the northeast Appalachian area. Voting became even more polarized: nine in ten whites voted Republican, and nearly all blacks voted Democratic in Mississippi, according to exit polls. As expected, McCain carried the Magnolia State by a comfortable 13.18-point margin over Obama. McCain's margin of victory, however, was less than that of George W. Bush's 19.69-point margin of victory over John Kerry in 2004.
Mississippi was also the only state to list the official candidates of the Reform Party on their ballot.
At the same time, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Thad Cochran was reelected with 61.44% of the vote over Democrat Erik Fleming who received 38.56%. Appointed U.S. Senator Roger Wicker stood for election as well in 2008 against former Democratic Governor Ronnie Musgrove. The race was expected to be much closer than expected but the Republicans ran ads accusing Musgrove of supporting gay rights, not a popular position in conservative Mississippi. Wicker defeated Musgrove by almost 10 points, 54.96%-45.04%.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried three of the state’s four congressional districts, including two districts held by Democrats. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Mississippi cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Mississippi is allocated 6 electors because it has 4 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 6 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 6 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 6 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20799589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799589" title="Marek Gazdzicki">
Marek Gazdzicki

Marek Gazdzicki (born 9 June 1956) is a Polish high-energy nuclear physicist, and the initiator and spokesperson of the NA61/SHINE experiment at the CERN Super Proton Synchrotron (SPS).
He, along with Mark I. Gorenstein, predicted the threshold energy of the quark-gluon plasma production (the so-called "onset of deconfinement") in high energy nucleus-nucleus collisions. These predictions have been confirmed by the NA49 experiment at the CERN SPS within the energy scan programme which was started by him and Peter Seyboth.
Biography.
Gazdzicki was born on 9 June 1956 in Warsaw, Poland, as the son of Teresa and Jerzy Gazdzicki. Living with his parents and his younger brother Pawel in Warsaw, he went to primary school in 1964 and graduated from high school in 1976. He studied physics at the Warsaw University from 1976 to 1980. After completing his first scientific degree, he married Maria Magdalena Klink, a computer scientist, who graduated from the Warsaw University of Technology.
In the time from 1981 to 1984 he moved to Russia, where he became a researcher at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna. Back in Poland, he received his PhD in Physics, and became a lecturer at the Warsaw University in the time from 1989 to 1992. Additionally, he worked as a researcher at the University of Heidelberg (1986–1988) and at the University of Frankfurt/Main.
Since 1992 he has been continuing studies as a Scientific Associate at the University of Frankfurt/M and from 2000 to 2001 at CERN, in Geneva, Switzerland. Since 2003, he holds a professorship at the Jan Kochanowski University in Kielce, Poland, and works as researcher and outside lecturer at the University of Frankfurt/Main. In 2004 he became spokesperson of the Virtual Institute of the Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres: "Physics of Strongly Interacting Matter at High Densities" and in 2007 spokesperson of the NA61/SHINE experiment at the CERN SPS.
Marek Gazdzicki currently lives with his wife and three children in the area of Frankfurt/M, Germany.
Research.
The most significant subjects investigated by Gazdzicki are:
Selected achievements of Gazdzicki's work are described as follows:
1980-1986: Nucleus-nucleus interactions at 4.5"A" GeV (Dubna and Warsaw)
Starting in 1980, Gazdzicki participated in the SKM200 experiment at the Dubna Synchrophasotron, focusing on the investigation of hadron production in (He-Mg)+(Li-Pb) collisions at 4.5"A" GeV using a streamer chamber. The main results – which constituted the basis for his PhD thesis – were the first measurements of strange hadron production in relativistic nucleus–nucleus collisions and a first observation of strange hadron yield enhancement in central "A"+"A" collisions.
1986-1992: Collisions of light nuclei at 200"A" GeV (Frankfurt/Main, Heidelberg and Warsaw)
Subsequently, (1986–1992) he took part in the NA35 experiment at the CERN SPS, where he studied hadron production in (, )+(S-Pb) collisions at 200"A" GeV using a large volume streamer chamber. Here, a first observation of the enhancement of strange hadron production in "A"+"A" collisions at the SPS energies constituted the cardinal outcome of this experiment.
1992-1996: Pb+Pb collisions at 158"A" GeV (CERN and Frankfurt/Main)
In 1992, Gazdzicki began working on the NA49 experiment, which was based on time projection chambers, the time of flight detectors and calorimeters. The study of central Pb+Pb collisions at the top SPS energy confirmed the main result from the study of S+S interactions: the enhancement of strange hadron production in nucleus–nucleus collisions.
1994-1999: Predictions of the threshold for quark-gluon plasma production (Frankfurt/Main)
Gazdzicki’s further work (1994–1999) was focused on the compilation, analysis and the interpretation of experimental results on system size and energy dependence of pion and strangeness production in A+A collisions, as well as the development of statistical models of strong interactions. Based upon these testings, Gazdzicki observed the anomaly in energy dependence of pion and strange hadron yields in A+A collisions.
Furthermore, he suggested that this anomaly is due to the transition to deconfinement matter occurring between top AGS (15"A" GeV) and top SPS (158"A" GeV) energies. Lastly, along with Mark Gorenstein, he formulated the statistical model of the early stage which is a basis for the quantitative description of the observed effects, and further predictions concerning the threshold for the quark-gluon plasma production.
1997-2007: Evidence for the threshold at the low SPS energies (CERN and Frankfurt/Main)
Based upon these results in 1997 Gazdzicki, together with Peter Seyboth, initiated the energy scan with Pb+Pb collisions at the CERN SPS which was performed by NA49 from 1998 to 2002. The main results of this programme are: the observation of the onset of the steepening of energy dependence of pion yield at about 30"A" GeV ("kink"), the observation of the non-monotonic energy dependence of positively charged kaon to pion ratio with the maximum located close to 30"A" GeV ("horn"), and the observation of the anomaly in energy dependence of the transverse mass spectra of kaons ("step") located in the SPS energy range. These observations serve as evidence for the onset of deconfinement at the CERN SPS energies.
Since 1992: Event-by-event fluctuations (Warsaw, Frankfurt/Main and CERN)
In 1992 he started along with his collaborators the work on the development of statistical methods for the study of event-by-event fluctuations, as well as the study of physics of event-by-event fluctuations in A+A collisions. The most important results are the introduction of the commonly used measure of event-by-event fluctuations, and the cumulative variable for the correlation/fluctuation study, as well as the study of fluctuations and statistical models with conserved quantities.
Since 1998: Quarkonium production and high "p"T phenomena (CERN and Frankfurt/Main)
Since 1998, Gazdzicki, together with Mark Gorenstein, has been aiming at the compilation and interpretation of the data on the production of high (transverse) mass mesons, and at the development of the statistical model of strong interactions for high (transverse) mass domain. As a result, they discovered the independence of the to the pion ratio of the system size in "A"+"A" collisions at 158"A" GeV. Moreover, they formulated the hypothesis of the statistical production of mesons, and they found the "m"T power-law scaling in high "m"T domain in proton-proton interactions at high energies. Conclusively, the statistical interpretation of the scaling was formulated.
Since 2003: NA61/SHINE experiment at the CERN SPS (Frankfurt/Main and Kielce)
Motivated by the discovery of the threshold of the quark-gluon plasma production in 2003 Gazdzicki initiated and became spokesperson of the NA61/SHINE experiment. The principal goals of this experiment are: the search of the critical point of strongly interacting matter, the study of the properties of the onset of deconfinement in nucleus-nucleus collisions and precision measurements of hadron production in nuclear interactions for neutrino (T2K) and cosmic-ray (Pierre Auger Observatory and KASCADE) experiments.

</doc>
<doc id="20799607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799607" title="Litterbug (band)">
Litterbug (band)

litterbug is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 1999 in Vancouver by Marc Simao and Janie Cranfield.
Overview.
Formed in Vancouver in 1999, litterbug has had numerous line up changes, while maintaining its two original members. In 2002, the band released its debut album "pablo" on its own record label monkey-bar-records gaining positive reviews. A second full-length album "kaiser" and EP "hollis" followed in 2004. In 2004, litterbug recorded "oh, you are so beautiful" for a CBC Radio 3 session, which appears on the New Music Canada compilation New Music Canada, Vol. 1. litterbug has appeared on two other CJSR compilations: "Ralph Nader Was Here" released in 2003, and "Get Out of Your Basement" released in 2007.
Both Marc and Janie moved the band to Vancouver, British Columbia in late 2005, and in the Fall of 2006, Spencer Rose and Amelia Mori joined the band to work on new material. litterbug released "zero hour" in 2009. Amelia left for medical school in Australia and Spencer left, both in 2009. Stewart Lampe and Mouki Butt joined the band. Litterbug is working on new material for a followup to "zero hour".
Style.
Some commentators have compared litterbug's style to artists such as Yo La Tengo, Half Japanese, The Feelies, Danielson Family, and The Velvet Underground. Marc Simao of litterbug also credits punk pioneers like Jonathan Richman and Patti Smith. 
Comprising both musical neophytes and veterans since litterbug's inception, band members have contributed to songs using a wide range of instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="20799616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799616" title="HAW-1">
HAW-1

HAW-1 (Hawaii No. 1) was the first submarine telephone cable laid between Hawaii and the mainland United States. HAW-1 was laid in 1957, and consisted of two cables, (one transmitting in each direction), each carrying 36 channels, with an individual length of 2,625 Nmi (4,862 km) each. The cable originates in Hanauma Bay, Oahu, Hawaii and lands at Point Arena, California. 
Manufactured by Submarine Cables Ltd. (2,030 nm) and Simplex Wire & Cable Co. (2,380 nm), the 1957 telephone cable from California to Hawaii was commissioned by AT&T and the Hawaiian Telephone Company, and was laid by HMTS "Monarch" and CS "Ocean Layer".
Monarch commenced laying the cable from Point Arena (San Francisco) on 11 July 1957, and after laying 1900 miles met in mid-ocean with Ocean Layer, which put down the remaining 665 miles of cable into Hanauma Bay on Oahu. The first message through the cable was sent on 3 August 1957, and the ships then laid the eastbound cable, completing the installation in the Autumn of 1957.
The cable used for HAW-1 was of the same type as used for TAT-1, the first telephone cable across the Atlantic Ocean, which had been laid the previous year, and also for the 1956 USA to Alaska telephone cable. At that time, the repeaters worked in only one direction, therefore two cables were needed for each route. The Hawaii No. 1 cable provided the first direct operator dialing between Hawaii and the mainland and was retired in 1989 after 32 years of service, then being replaced with more advanced Fiber Optic cable technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20799662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799662" title="Toon Greebe">
Toon Greebe

Toon Greebe (born 25 September 1988 in Den Bosch) is a Dutch darts player. He plays on the PDC circuit.
Career.
Greebe reached the quarter finals of the 2007 Dutch Open. He beat Spain's Carlos Rodriguez in the last 32 stage and then defeated Stephen Bunting in the last 16, eventually losing to fellow Dutchman Edwin Max. Greebe then began playing in PDC tournaments, reaching the third round of the 2007 US Open, losing 3-1 in sets to Phil Taylor. He then suffered a first round exit in the 2007 UK Open, losing to Steve Cusick.
Greebe qualified for the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship, losing in the first round 3-2 in sets to Peter Manley. Afterwards, Greebe began playing for the BDO/WDF again, reaching the quarter finals in the 2008 Isle of Man Open. But in August 2008, he once more played in the PDC Pro Tour, reaching the second round of the PDC German Players Championship, beating Erwin Extercatte before losing to Mark Dudbridge.
Greebe joined the PDC Pro Tour full-time shortly afterwards and he slowly climbed up the order of merit since with numerous last 16 placings as well as a quarter-final place in the PDPA Players Championship in Nuland and Wales. Greebe also dropped five stone in weight which received much praise from fellow players and commentators, in particular Rod Harrington who has stated for years that darts players need to keep fit and in shape to compete.
Greebe qualified for the 2010 PDC World Darts Championship through the European Order of Merit but lost in the first round to John Part.
Greebe then left the PDPA due to sponsorship issues and rejoined the BDO circuit. In his first tournament since returning to the BDO, Greebe reached the final of the Welsh Open having beaten Scott Waites, Scott Mitchell, Joey ten Berge, Phill Nixon and Mark Barilli before losing to Paul Jennings. He then reached the quarter finals of the Swiss Open and the semi-finals of the England Open.

</doc>
<doc id="20799693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799693" title="Konsum">
Konsum

Konsum is a name used by several consumer cooperatives, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20799696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799696" title="Azapetine">
Azapetine

Azapetine is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799700" title="Anatoly Sass">
Anatoly Sass

Anatoly Fomich Sass (, born December 22, 1935) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow.
In 1964 he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which finished seventh in the coxless fours event.
Four years later he and his partner Aleksandr Timoshinin won the gold medal in the double sculls event.

</doc>
<doc id="20799737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799737" title="Cinepazide">
Cinepazide

Cinepazide is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799738" title="Nolan Reimold">
Nolan Reimold

Nolan Gallagher Reimold (born October 12, 1983) is an American professional baseball designated hitter and outfielder with the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball.
Early life.
Reimold was born to John and Mary Reimold on October 12, 1983 in Greenville, Pennsylvania. He attended Kennedy Catholic High School in Hermitage, Pennsylvania. In addition to baseball, he was also on the basketball team in a traditional football-heavy stronghold of Western Pennsylvania.
Reimold attended Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio, the same as former Bowie Baysox teammate Jeff Hundley and Milwaukee Brewers relief pitcher Burke Badenhop. Reimold currently holds the career records at Bowling Green State for home runs and runs batted in (RBI). Reimold was an all Mid-American Conference outfielder in 2004, and a 3rd-team All American as a designated hitter in 2005.
He was named National Hitter of the Week on March 28, 2005. He led the Mid-American Conference (MAC) in home runs (20), RBIs (60), total bases (137), on-base percentage (.496), and slugging percentage (.770) throughout the 2005 regular season, only to be second in batting (.360) behind fellow Falcon teammate, Andy Hudak.
Career.
Reimold was drafted as the Orioles' 2nd round pick (61st overall) in the 2005 MLB Draft. He became the fourth highest Falcon ever drafted and just the third Falcon drafted in the top two rounds. He also became first Falcon ever to be named All-America by three different outlets in one season which were the NCBWA Second Team, ABCA Third Team, "Baseball America" Third Team. After signing, he played for the Aberdeen IronBirds and Frederick Keys, and was a New York–Penn League all-star for the IronBirds. He continued to play with the Frederick Keys for the 2006 season, and was the MVP for the Carolina League's all-star game. He started the 2007 season with the Bowie Baysox but was sidelined shortly thereafter with an oblique strain. After a brief rehab stint with the Gulf Coast Orioles, Reimold returned to the Baysox to finish the rest of the season.
2008.
He continued playing for the Bowie Baysox for the 2008 season, and was named an Eastern League post-season all-star. In game two of Bowie's match-up with the Akron Aeros in the first round of the Eastern League playoffs, Reimold hit three home runs for the first time in his career en route to finishing 4-for-5 with eight RBIs.
Reimold played for the Surprise Rafters in the Arizona Fall League during the 2008 Winter Baseball season. Baseball America named him the 5th-best prospect in the Orioles' farm system for the 2009 season.
2009.
He reported to the Norfolk Tides, the Orioles' Triple-A team to begin the 2009 season, and was recalled to the major league club on May 14 collecting his first major league hit that night off Ron Mahay, then would collect his first major league RBI and double, both off Royals pitcher Kyle Davies on May 16. Reimold hit his first career home run on May 20, 2009 against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium off Mariano Rivera. On May 27, 2009 Reimold hit his first walk off home run against the Toronto Blue Jays in the 11th inning to give the Orioles a 12–10 victory.
Nolan won the American League Rookie of the Month award for June 2009.
On September 18, the O's decided to shut down Reimold for the rest of the season due to a case of fraying in his left Achilles tendon.
The surgery was successful to repair the Achilles, but the rehab was never complete until late in the 2010 year, causing many of his future issues.
2010.
Reimold started the season with the Baltimore Orioles as the starting left fielder. After a slow start in his first 83 at-bats, Reimold was demoted back to Norfolk on May 12, 2010, where the coaching staff has been retooling him to play first base. Since that time, the Orioles have released their starting first baseman Garrett Atkins, which may allow Reimold to rejoin the Orioles after the All-Star Break.
2011.
Nolan had a successful 2011 campaign with most of his playing time in left field after Luke Scott tore his labrum and Félix Pie was sent down to the minor leagues. In the season's last game vs. Boston (9/28), he had the game-tying hit (doubling in Chris Davis) and then the game-winning run, forcing the Red Sox out of the playoffs.
2012.
Reimold started the 2012 season strong playing in left field, hitting .313 with five home runs and 10 RBIs in his first 16 games, but was plagued by injuries including a herniated disk that put him on the disabled list after April 30. He has not played a game since then and was moved to the 60-day disabled list on June 12. On June 22, it was announced Reimold would undergo surgery to repair the disk in his neck. The surgery is expected to end his season.
2013.
Reimold struggled in 2013, dealing with more injuries and batting .195 with five home runs and 12 RBIs in 40 games. In order to fix the procedure performed the previous June, he was once again forced to undergo season-ending corrective surgery after limited playing time.
After the season, Reimold signed a one-year contract with the Orioles, promising him just over $1 million for the 2014 season while avoiding arbitration.
Personal life.
Nolan married the former Jennifer Corace and they have two daughters. 
Reimold has an older brother, John, who played for the Bowling Green State University men's basketball team, and currently plays professionally in Luxembourg. Reimold's younger brother, Shamus, is studying to be an Ophthalmologist. He currently attends Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine in Erie, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20799761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799761" title="Cetiedil">
Cetiedil

Cetiedil is a vasodilator and an anti-sickling agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20799762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799762" title="Aleksandr Timoshinin">
Aleksandr Timoshinin

Aleksandr Ivanovich Timoshinin (, born May 20, 1948 in Moscow) is a Russian rower, born in Moscow, who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
In 1968 he and his partner Anatoly Sass won the gold medal in the double sculls event.
Four years later he won his second gold medal this time with his partner Gennadi Korshikov in the double sculls competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20799772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799772" title="Tax court">
Tax court

Tax courts are courts of limited jurisdiction that deal with tax issues. 

</doc>
<doc id="20799775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799775" title="Visnadine">
Visnadine

Visnadine (or visnadin) is a natural vasodilator. It was first isolated from bishop's weed ("Ammi visnaga"), a plant indigenous to the Mediterranean region which has been used for centuries in Egypt as a spasmolytic.

</doc>
<doc id="20799784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799784" title="John Eyre Sloane">
John Eyre Sloane

John Eyre Sloane (September 16, 1886 - July 17, 1970) was an airplane manufacturer. He established one of the first airplane manufacturing plants in Long Island City, New York in 1912.
Biography.
He was born on September 16, 1886. He married Madeleine Edison and they had two children, Thomas Edison Sloane and John Edison Sloane. He died in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20799786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799786" title="Butalamine">
Butalamine

Butalamine is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799808" title="Sulcotidil">
Sulcotidil

Sulcotidil (or suloctidil) is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799817" title="Aleksandr Martyshkin">
Aleksandr Martyshkin

Aleksandr Georgievich Martyshkin (, born August 26, 1943) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the Soviet boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Soviet boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20799821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799821" title="Mount Timpanogos Wilderness">
Mount Timpanogos Wilderness

Mount Timpanogos Wilderness is a wilderness area protecting Mount Timpanogos and the surrounding area. It is located in the front range of the Wasatch Mountain Range, between American Fork Canyon on the north and Provo Canyon on the south, within the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah. The wilderness area receives fairly heavy use due to its proximity to the heavily populated cities of Provo and Salt Lake City. It is bordered on the north by Lone Peak Wilderness.
Flora and fauna.
Below the tree line on Mount Timpanogos are vast forests of aspen, Douglas fir, subalpine fir, limber pine, Gambel oak, maple, and chokecherry. Common flowers in the wilderness include forget-me-not, alpine buttercup, bluebell, arnica, larkspur, yarrow, sulfur buckwheat, geranium, and columbine.
Some common wildlife found in Mount Timpanogos Wilderness include Rocky Mountain goat in the Emerald Lake region, as well as mule deer, elk, moose, mountain lion, black bear, and several species of raptor.
Recreation.
Due to its close proximity to Salt Lake City and Provo, Mount Timpanogos Wilderness sees a relatively large number of visitors. The most common recreational activity in the wilderness is hiking. There are approximately of trails from two trailheads: Timpooneke and Aspen Grove. Both lead to the summit of Mount Timpanogos at .
B-25 crash site.
On March 9, 1955, a U.S. Air Force B-25 crashed on the east side of Mount Timpanogos. Bound for March Air Force Base in Riverside, California, the pilot was apparently disoriented by poor weather conditions. Three crewmembers and two passengers died in the crash. A 1-mile trail to the crash site leaves the main Timpooneke trail at the lip of Timpanogos Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20799824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799824" title="Vinburnine">
Vinburnine

Vinburnine (or eburnamonine, "Vincamone") is a vasodilator. Vincamone is a vinca alkaloid and a metabolite of vincamine.

</doc>
<doc id="20799837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799837" title="Cyclandelate">
Cyclandelate

Cyclandelate is a vasodilator used in the treatment of claudication, arteriosclerosis and Raynaud's disease. It is also used to treat nighttime leg cramps, and has been investigated for its effect against migraine. It is orally administered.

</doc>
<doc id="20799854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799854" title="Etofylline nicotinate">
Etofylline nicotinate

Etofylline nicotinate is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799861" title="Xantinol nicotinate">
Xantinol nicotinate

Xantinol nicotinate (or xanthinol niacinate) is a vasodilator. It is a combination of xanthinol and niacin (nicotinic acid).
References.
It is a compound of xanthine and nicotinic acid, both of which are vasodilators. It increases blood flow in many vascular beds andhas been promoted for cerebrovascular disorders and PVDs, but therapeutic benefits are insignificant.

</doc>
<doc id="20799863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799863" title="Vytautas Briedis">
Vytautas Briedis

Julius Vytautas Briedis (born 27 August 1940) is a retired Lithuanian rower who specialized in the eights. In this event he won three silver medals at the European and world championships of 1962–1964 and finished fifth and third at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics, respectively.
Briedis started training in rowing in 1955. Between 1959 and 1962 he worked as electrician and welder. In 1968 he graduated from the Vilnius branch of the Kaunas University of Technology and between 1969 and 1976 worked as an engineer. After that he coached rowing, first at "Dynamo Vilnius" and then at the national level. Since 1990 he acted a sports functionary.

</doc>
<doc id="20799876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799876" title="Pentifylline">
Pentifylline

Pentifylline (marketed as Cosaldon) is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799884" title="Ciclonicate">
Ciclonicate

Ciclonicate is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="20799888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799888" title="93 Park">
93 Park

93 Park or 93rd Street Park "(Parque de la calle 93, commonly known as Parque de la 93)" is a Commercial and recreation park located over the 93 Street in the north of Bogota, Colombia. Is one of Bogota's most popular shopping, night clubs and restaurant areas. The park and its surroundings are commonly known as "Zona Rosa" (Pink Zone) a Spanish slang term for an upscale neighborhood or zone.
History.
The park emerged as a result of the immense growth and expansion of Bogota toward the northern municipalities of the savannah, in this case the township Chapinero. After the expansion of Bogota north into Chapinero, this area became the center of nightlife and entertainment in the city.
In the beginning of the 21st century, the park became the most popular park north of Bogota, where the season's most popular park in December, when thousands of Bogota residents go to the huge Christmas tree and Christmas lighting around the park. The park is well visited by foreigners at all times of the year.
Location.
The park is a center of nightlife in Bogota, located in the district of Chapinero where clubs, restaurants, shops, art galleries, auctions, design centers are abundant.
The park is managed by neighbors and by local mayor and has one of the most advanced design centers and most prestigious of South America in their vicinity, the ever-popular "Centro de Diseño Portobelo" or Design Center Portobelo.
Places of interest.
The most notable are the park's design center portobelo, Café Renault, Gato Negro Restaurant, Juan Valdez Café, the Christmas tree, water park, the beautiful gardens, nightclubs in the surrounding area, gourmet restaurants and department stores. It is one of the most visited places in the entire area of northern Bogota, Colombia.
Accessibility.
The park can be accessed by the 15 Avenue and the 11 Avenue, also on the highway north and easily by the 7th Av.

</doc>
<doc id="20799895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799895" title="With My Song">
With My Song

With My Song is a 1980 album by Debby Boone and her second studio album of that year. It was also her first to feature Christian music.
Production credits.
Producer
Arranger
Engineers
Mastering
Remixing
Overdubs
Rhythm Track
Bass
Drums
Guitar (Acoustic)
Guitar (Electric)
Harp
Horn
Oboe
Piano
Percussion
Synthesizer
Background Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="20799898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799898" title="Inositol nicotinate">
Inositol nicotinate

Inositol nicotinate is a vasodilator.
Inositol Nicotinate is given the term Inositol hexaniacinate, as well as "No-Flush Niacin". "Flushing", in physiology, is a broad term that essentially means that epidermal tissues have become reddened, such as when the skin is irritated from the histamine responses related to an allergic reaction, or from recent physical exercise, or even from anger or embarrassment. The reaction has been related to well over 200 causes. This form of niacin is supposed to reduce or prevent flushing by being broken down into the metabolites Niacin (aka Nicotinic acid) and Inositol at a slower rate.

</doc>
<doc id="20799900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799900" title="The Golden Age (American Music Club album)">
The Golden Age (American Music Club album)

The Golden Age is the 9th studio album released by San Francisco-based sadcore and slowcore band American Music Club. The album is the band's second after a 10 year hiatus that ended in 2004. The album is an effort by the band to experiment more in their music. The album was produced by Dave Trumfio, who has also worked for bands such as Wilco and My Morning Jacket.
Critical reception.
The album was released to generally positive critical reviews with a score of 80 (out of 100) on Metacritic.
Recording.
The album was recorded over two months at Kingsize Studios in Los Angeles with Dave Trumfio, who also recorded Wilco's "Summerteeth" album. Frontman Mark Eitzel began writing the songs that appear on the Golden Age in 2005, though recording didn't begin until 2007.
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="20799905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799905" title="United States presidential election in Tennessee, 2008">
United States presidential election in Tennessee, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Tennessee took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Tennessee was won by Republican nominee John McCain by 15.06 percentage points. Prior to the election, 17 news organizations considered Tennessee a win for McCain. Early polling in Tennessee gave a solid edge to McCain over Democrat Barack Obama by up to a 20-point margin. The expected "landslide" by McCain in Tennessee meant there was little campaigning there. Most news organizations immediately called Tennessee for McCain as soon as all the polls in the state closed. McCain even improved upon George W. Bush's performance in 2004, a much better year nationally for the Republicans.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll, and each by a double digit margin of victory. The final 3 polls averaged McCain leading 55% to 40%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $2,941,065 in the state. Barack Obama raised $3,481,341.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $518,659. The Republican ticket spent just $3,526. Obama visited the state once, going to Nashville. McCain visited the state twice, visiting Nashville and Blountville.
Analysis.
Despite narrowly voting for Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1996 when native son Al Gore was on the ticket as Vice President, the state has steadily been trending Republican since then. George W. Bush narrowly carried the state in 2000 over Tennessee native Gore and easily won in 2004 over John Kerry. The state was one of five states that swung even more Republican in 2008 with John McCain soundly defeating Barack Obama in the Volunteer State.
McCain won both East Tennessee and Middle Tennessee by landslide margins. Historically, East Tennessee, which is a part of Appalachia, has voted Republican ever since the party was founded; however, Middle Tennessee has Democratic roots based on liberal economic policies, most famously Franklin D. Roosevelt's Tennessee Valley Authority. Middle Tennessee voted strongly for Bill Clinton of neighboring Arkansas, but Middle Tennessee native Al Gore narrowly lost the region in 2000—a loss that ultimately cost him Tennessee, and the election. In contrast, it was one of the few regions in the country which voted more Republican than in 2004. This is largely due to a growing social conservative trend in the region, particularly in the Nashville suburbs; some of the most politically active churches in the state are located there.
On the other hand, Barack Obama did improve relatively well upon John Kerry's performances in the traditionally Democratic cities of Nashville and Memphis. In the former, support amongst progressive whites led to a 3-2 victory for Obama in Davidson County. In Memphis, heavy African American turnout ensured him the largest margin in the state in Shelby County, although far from enough to outweigh his losses everywhere else in the state. McCain, however, carried the third- and fourth- most populated cities of Chattanooga in Hamilton County as well as Knoxville in Knox County.
During the same election, at the state level, Republicans picked up four seats in the Tennessee House of Representatives and three seats in the Tennessee Senate to obtain control of both chambers of the state legislature for the first time since Reconstruction.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain swept the state and carried seven of the state's nine congressional districts, including three districts held by Democrats. Barack Obama carried the state's two congressional districts anchored by the two largest cities of Memphis and Nashville.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Tennessee cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Tennessee is allocated 11 electors because it has 9 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 11 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 11 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 11 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20799914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799914" title="Bicycle Gaff Deck">
Bicycle Gaff Deck

The Bicycle Gaff Deck is a deck of specially designed playing cards for use - along with a standard deck of Bicycle brand cards - in the performance of illusion or sleight-of-hand effects. There are many different versions of the deck, made by different companies in the magic/illusion industry. The different versions have different sets of 'gaff' cards (see below for examples), which can be used to create different effects. The cards in a gaff deck have a normal back, but the cards are changed (visually) in some way. Some examples include:
These cards are usually used with a normal deck (with the same back). The magician chooses a few cards and usually has them handy (e.g. in his pocket) and performs other magic tricks with the normal deck of cards. Then, he uses one or more of the gaff cards to perform magic tricks which seem to be beyond what most people would expect from card magic tricks - an effect which is enhanced as the audience knows that the deck is a normal deck of cards with which the previous tricks were performed.

</doc>
<doc id="20799916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20799916" title="Bamethan">
Bamethan

Bamethan is a vasodilator.

</doc>
