<doc id="20806558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806558" title="List of people from Trafford">
List of people from Trafford

This is a list of people from Trafford, a metropolitan borough in North West England. This list includes people from the towns of Altrincham, Sale, Stretford and Urmston, and the smaller villages that make up Trafford. This list is arranged alphabetically by surname:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20806570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806570" title="PAC International">
PAC International

PAC International, Inc. manufactures a complete line of acoustical noise control products for use in residential (single-family housing and multiple-family housing) and commercial building construction. 
The company introduced the first rubber isolator, the RSIC-1 (Resilient Sound Isolation Clip) product in 2000. Resilient Sound Isolation Clips are manufactured in the United States and sold throughout the Americas. RSIC-1 was engineered to provide noise control and be both cost effective and environmentally friendly. 
PAC International’s noise control products help buildings exceed the International Building Code requirements for both fire and sound. The RSIC-1 product is the "only" noise control product classified by Underwriters Laboratories (UL) for both fire and sound; and RSIC-1 is UL Classified for use in over 75 fire resistive design assemblies.
RSIC Family of Products.
RSIC and RSIC-1 are registered trademarks of PAC International, Inc. RSIC has become the brand name for a family of Resilient Sound Isolation Clip products that are used extensively in residential and commercial building construction.
History.
PAC International, Inc. is a privately held corporation that began over 20 years ago. The company is now headquartered in Nevada. 
PAC International is a company that strives to “give back” to society by exemplifying social responsibility practices, including manufacturing products in the United States and having RSIC-1 products assembled within the local community. Product assembly is performed by adults with intellectual disabilities working through Opportunity Village, a non-profit community rehabilitation organization.
Management.
Carmen Gernhart, President
Elzo Gernhart, Vice President
Mike Gernhart, Sales Technical Director

</doc>
<doc id="20806574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806574" title="St. Mary Street/High Street">
St. Mary Street/High Street

St. Mary Street ("Heol Eglwys Fair") and High Street ("Heol Fawr") are major commercial streets in the Castle Quarter of Cardiff city centre, Wales, which form a major north–south thoroughfare in the centre. High Street begins at the junction of Castle Street on the A4161 and ends at the junction of Church Street and Quay Street, from where St. Mary Street begins until the roundabout at Callaghan Square on the A4160.
History.
St. Mary Street is named after the 11th-century church of St Mary's, which was the largest in Cardiff until it was destroyed by the Bristol Channel floods of 1607. 
Today the stretch of road is the home of a number of bars, night clubs and restaurants as well as branches of many major banks. Also fronting onto the street is Howells department store, which stretches from just after Cardiff Market to the corner of Wharton Street. 
As of August 2007 the street was closed to private vehicles and only buses and taxis are allowed access to the whole street. The street is usually closed to all traffic on Friday and Saturday nights, to allow the efflux from night clubs and pubs located in that part of the street to clear. The Prince Of Wales (a J D Wetherspoon establishment) is a particular problem, both due to its high capacity, and its main frontage onto Wood Street (which stays open). At the northern end of the street is Castle Street, site of Cardiff Castle. To the south is Cardiff Central station.

</doc>
<doc id="20806575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806575" title="Getting Near to Baby">
Getting Near to Baby

Getting Near to Baby is a children's novel written by Audrey Couloumbis that was awarded a Newbery Honor in 2000.
In the novel, the characters Willa Jo and Little Sister are dealing with their grief after the death of their baby sister after she was given carnie water. Their mother is unable to handle her own feelings of sadness while caring for the two girls, and sends them to stay with her sister, Patty. Aunt Patty has no children, and her household is full of rules. 
When Willa Jo and Little Sister climb up on Aunt Patty's roof to watch the sun rise, then decide not to come down for a while, Patty realizes that she hasn't been fulfilling the girls' emotional needs. Willa Jo reflects on her memory during her time at her Aunt Patty's house, like meeting Liz, the Piggly-Wiggly pickle, and much more.
A theatrical version of "Getting Near to Baby" was written by Y York and premiered by People's Light and Theatre Company (Malvern, Pennsylvania) in 2008. The play has subsequently been produced at ChildsPlay (Tempe, Arizona) and Seattle Children's Theatre, and Riverwalk Theater'

</doc>
<doc id="20806611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806611" title="David Baboulene">
David Baboulene

David Baboulene, is an English story consultant, author of humorous travel books, Children's Illustrated stories and academic works on story principles. He has had four film production deals in Hollywood and the UK. His books have been translated into several languages and published in Europe, South America, Korea and China.
Life.
David Baboulene was born in Kenley, London, England. He was educated at Oxted County School but dropped out at the age of 16 to undertake an apprenticeship in the British Merchant Navy. His experiences from his work on cargo ships are documented in his books 'Ocean Boulevard'
and 'Jumping Shipsz', which recount his adventures around the world.
Baboulene's first book, 'The Blue Road', was published by Summersdale Publishers in 2002, and relaunched in 2007 with the new title "Ocean Boulevard.
In 2003, Baboulene won the Euroscript Film Story competition - a Europe-wide competition sponsored by the European Film Commission - for his first novel 'Mere Mortals'. The first prize was to work with a professional scriptwriter to develop the story into a full screenplay. Since that success, Baboulene has had four movie deals - two in Hollywood and two in the UK.
David's first children's book 'Kepple the Kite'
Baboulene has also written a practical academic work on Story Theory — 'The Story Book'— (published in November 2010),
Baboulene delivers seminars on story principles for training and script development organisations. He also works as a story consultant for film, theatre, publishing and business organisations.
He appeared on BBC Radio 4 "Excess Baggage" with Sandi Toksvig in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20806638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806638" title="Patricia Crowther">
Patricia Crowther

Patricia Crowther may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20806643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806643" title="Ted Hanney">
Ted Hanney

Edward Terrance "Ted" Hanney (19 January 1889 – 30 November 1964) was an English football player. 
Hanney was part of the gold medal winning British team in the 1912 Olympic football competition in Stockholm. Due to an injury he acquired in the quarterfinal match, which Britain won 7-0 against Hungary, he missed the 4-2 victory over Denmark in the final.
He commenced his career with Wokingham Town FC before moving to Reading FC. In 1913 he turned professional and switched for a fee of ₤ 1.250 to Manchester City FC, for which he scored ten goals in 68 matches. Later he played two seasons for Coventry City FC. After this he returned to Reading FC, where he finished his career in the third division.
From 1924 later he coached VfB Stuttgart, winning the regional championship of Württemberg-Baden 1927, the first title of the club. 1927/28 he coached FC Wacker München, taking the club to the semi-finals of the German Championship. 
After returning to England he became a publican.

</doc>
<doc id="20806653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806653" title="Dopamine dysregulation syndrome">
Dopamine dysregulation syndrome

Dopamine dysregulation syndrome (DDS), sometimes known as hedonistic homeostatic dysregulation in Parkinson's disease, is a dysfunction of the reward system in subjects with Parkinson's disease (PD) due to a long exposure to dopamine replacement therapy (DRT). It is characterized by self-control problems such as addiction to medication, gambling, or hypersexuality.
Causes.
Parkinson's disease is a common neurological disorder characterized by a degeneration of dopamine neurons in the substantia nigra and a loss of dopamine in the putamen. It is described as a motor disease, but it also produces cognitive and behavioral symptoms. The most common treatment is dopamine replacement therapy, which consists in the administration of levodopa (L-Dopa) or dopamine agonists (such as pramipexole or ropinirole) to patients. Dopamine replacement therapy is well known to improve motor symptoms but its effects in cognitive and behavioral symptoms are more complex. Dopamine has been related to the normal learning of stimuli with behavioral and motivational significance, attention, and most importantly the reward system. In accordance with the role of dopamine in reward processing, addictive drugs stimulate dopamine release. Although the exact mechanism has yet to be elucidated; the role of dopamine in the reward system and addiction has been proposed as the origin of DDS. Models of addiction have been used to explain how dopamine replacement therapy produces DDS. One of these models of addiction proposes that over the usage course of a drug there is a habituation to the rewarding that it produces at the initial stages. This habituation is thought to be dopamine mediated. With long-term administration of L-dopa the reward system gets used to it and needs higher quantities. As the user increases drug intake there is a destruction of dopaminergic receptors in the striatum which acts in addition to an impairment in goal-direction mental functions to produce an enhancement of sensitization to dopamine therapy. The behavioral and mood symptoms of the syndrome are produced by the dopamine overdose.
Signs and symptoms.
The most common symptom is craving for dopaminergic medication. However other behavioral symptoms can appear independently of craving or co-occur with it. Craving is an intense impulse of the subject to obtain medication even in the absence of symptoms that indicate its intake. To fulfill this need the person will self-administer extra doses. When self-administration is not possible, aggressive outbursts or the use of strategies such as symptom simulation or bribery to access additional medication can also appear.
Hypomania, manifesting with feelings of euphoria, omnipotence, or grandiosity, are prone to appear in those moments when medication effects are maximum; while dysphoria, characterized by sadness, psychomotor slowing, fatigue or apathy; are typical with DRT withdrawal. Different impulse control disorders have been described including gambling, compulsive shopping, eating disorders and hypersexuality. Behavioral disturbances; most commonly aggressive tendencies are the norm. Psychosis is also common. Another possible symptom is punding, repetition of complex motor behaviors such as collecting or arranging objects.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis of the syndrome is clinical since there are no laboratory tests to confirm it. For diagnosis a person with documented responsiveness to medication has to increase medication intake beyond dosage needed to relieve their parkinsonian symptoms in a pathological addiction-like pattern. A current mood disorder (depression, anxiety, hypomanic state or euphoria), behavioral disorder (excessive gambling, shopping or sexual tendency, aggression, or social isolation) or an altered perception about the effect of medication also have to be present. A questionnaire on the typical symptoms of DDS has also been developed and can help in the diagnosis process.
Prevention.
The main prevention measure proposed is the prescription of the lowest possible dose of dopamine replacement therapy to individuals at risk. The minimization of the use of dopamine agonists, and of short duration formulations of L-Dopa can also decrease risk of the syndrome.
Management.
First choice management measure consists in the enforcement of a dopaminergic drug dosage reduction. If this decrease is maintained, dysregulation syndrome features soon decrease. Cessation of dopamine agonists therapy may also be of use. Some behavioral characteristics may respond to psychotherapy; and social support is important to control risk factors. In some cases antipsychotic drugs may also be of use in the presence of psychosis, aggression, gambling or hypersexuality.
Epidemiology.
DDS is not common among PD patients. Prevalence may be around 4%. Its prevalence is higher among males with an early onset of the disease. Previous substance abuse such as heavy drinking or drug intake seems to be the main risk factor along with a history of affective disorder.
History.
PD was first formally described in 1817, however L-dopa did not enter clinical practice until almost 1970. In these initial works there were already reports of neuropsychiatric complications. During the following decades cases featuring DDS symptoms in relation to dopamine therapy such as hypersexuality, gambling or punding, appeared. DDS was first described as a syndrome in the year 2000. Three years later the first review articles on the syndrome were written, showing an increasing awareness of the DDS importance. Diagnostic criteria were proposed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20806657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806657" title="Karl-Heinz Wiesemann">
Karl-Heinz Wiesemann

Karl-Heinz Wiesemann (b. August 1, 1960) is the 96th Bishop of Speyer. 
Wiesemann was born in Herford, North Rhine-Westphalia in the archdiocese of Paderborn. He became a chaplain on the 10th of October 1985 in Rome. He later served as a priest in Bösperde, a suburb of Menden and provost of St. Petrus and Andreas in Brilon. 
In 2002 Pope Pope John Paul II named him Auxiliary bishop, which he was ordained on the 8th of September 2002 in Paderborn cathedral. 
On the 19th of December 2007, Pope Benedict XVI named him the successor to bishop Anton Schlembach. He ascended to the office on March 2nd, 2008 in the Speyer cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20806675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806675" title="Herman D. Stein">
Herman D. Stein

Herman D. Stein, DSW (August 13, 1917 – October 2, 2009) was Dean of the Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences and University Professor Emeritus at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, OH. A pioneer of social work profession, he excelled as an educator, scholar, internationalist, university administrator, and leader in a variety of professional associations in his long career, spanning more than sixty years. He was twice a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University. 
Career.
After earning his doctorate at Columbia University, Stein taught at the Columbia University School of Social Work for fourteen years. He later was a professor at Smith College School for Social Work, Harvard School of Public Health, and the University of Hawaii. He lectured at several other universities in the United States and across the world. 
In his career, Stein served as a Senior Advisor to the Executive Director of UNICEF for more than 20 years, where he helped shape and build the organization. He was instrumental in expanding the operations of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (AJJDC) beyond Europe and served in several capacities with the organization. His commitment to AJJDC lasted for more than 60 years until the day of his death. 
Moving to Cleveland to become the dean of the Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences at Case Western University, Stein served during the turbulent years of the 1960s and continued teaching as a full professor. 
Stein published extensively in social work literature. He was the author of several books and more than a hundred journal articles mainly in the fields of social work practice, social administration, international social work, and social work education. In professional organizations, Stein served as the President of the International Association of Schools of Social Work from 1968 to 1976 and the President of the Council on Social Work Education (CSWE) from 1968 to 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20806677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806677" title="Éva Erdős">
Éva Erdős

Éva Erdős (born July 28, 1964 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team. She played four matches and scored six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806690" title="Beáta Hoffmann">
Beáta Hoffmann

Beáta Hoffmann (born June 22, 1967 in Győr) is a former Hungarian handball goalkeeper, World Championship silver medalist and Olympic bronze medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20806706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806706" title="Felix Przedwojewski">
Felix Przedwojewski

Felix Przedwojewski was an Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Unterscharführer Felix Przedwojewski was a Sturmgeschütz commander in 2nd Battery, 3rd SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion "Totenkopf", when he was awarded the Knight's Cross after his 45th kill, in December 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20806709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806709" title="Eszter Mátéfi">
Eszter Mátéfi

Eszter Mátéfi (born Eszter László; 14 February 1966 in Band, Romania) is a handball coach and former handball player who works as the head coach of the handball academy in Dunaújváros.
Career.
Mátéfi, an ethnic Hungarian from Transylvania, began her career by CSS Târgu Mureş, from where she also made to the Romanian national selection and later became the captain of the team. Her best results with Romania were a fourth place in the 1989 World Championship and a fifth place on the World event three years earlier. 
Following the cessation of her club, the left back moved to Hungary in January 1992, having signed by Debrecen. From 1993 to 1997 Mátéfi played for Győri ETO KC. In 1995 she obtained the Hungarian citizenship thus became eligible to get picked for the Hungarian national team, and Mátéfi won the silver medal right on her first major tournament, the 1995 World Championship. A year later on the Olympic Games in Atlanta she collected the bronze medal. Mátéfi spent her the final years of her active career by Dunaferr, with them she achieved her biggest successes on club level: beside the domestic double in 1998 and 1999 she first won the EHF Cup title (1998), then triumphed in the EHF Champions Leaguge (1999).
Mátéfi received her coaching diploma yet in 1998 and after retiring from professional handball in 1999 she began to train the youth sides of Dunaferr. Later she was promoted to assistant coach and also had spells by the Hungarian national team in younger age categories. She got her first head coaching job in 2007 from Békéscsabai Előre NKSE. The team, that climbed back to the top-tier division just in 2006, performed under the guidance of Mátéfi superbly and reached the fourth place in the Hungarian championship both in 2009 and 2010, in this way winning the right to take part in the EHF Cup. 
In the summer of 2009 she was appointed as the head coach of the Hungarian women's national team, replacing Vilmos Imre in the position. Mátéfi remained in charge both by her club and the national team until November 2010, when Beáta Bohus took the coaching seat of Békéscsaba to help her to be able to concentrate fully on her international duties. However, during the reign of Mátéfi the Hungarian team slightly underperformed, finishing ninth on the 2009 World Championship and tenth on the 2010 European Championship. Hungary eventually got knocked out by Germany in the 2011 World Championship qualifying play-offs, thereupon Mátéfi resigned in June 2011.
Mátéfi returned to coaching in November 2011, when she was named the head coach of the recently established handball academy in Dunaújváros.

</doc>
<doc id="20806711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806711" title="Dol, Medvode">
Dol, Medvode

Dol is a small village in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="20806736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806736" title="Center on the Administration of Criminal Law">
Center on the Administration of Criminal Law

The Center on the Administration of Criminal Law is a think-tank dedicated to the promotion of good government and prosecution practices in criminal matters. Its work has been the subject of a feature story in the Associated Press.
History and mission.
The Center was established in June 2008 at New York University School of Law. The Center is apolitical and seeks to apply its experience and expertise in criminal justice matters, as well as its empirical research, to improve the administration of criminal justice. The Center analyzes important issues in criminal law or having implications for the administration of criminal law. In particular, the Center focuses on the exercise of power and discretion by prosecutors. 
The Center accomplishes its mission in three areas: academia, litigation, and participating in public policy and media debates. The Center is the first organization dedicated to defining good government practices in criminal prosecutions through this multi-pronged strategy.
Academia.
The Center's academic component gathers empirical research, publishes scholarship, and organizes and hosts conferences and symposia.
Annual conference.
In addition to hosting various conferences and events throughout the year, the Center hosts one annual major conference on criminal prosecution, choosing a different substantive or procedural focus each year:
Litigation.
The Center's litigation component uses the Center's research, experience, and expertise to litigate criminal cases or cases having implications for the administration of criminal law, particularly in cases in which the exercise of power and discretion by prosecutors raises substantive legal issues. A core element of the Center's litigation practice is the filing of amicus briefs. The Center litigates cases in all courts, federal and state, and at all levels, including in the Supreme Court of the United States. In fact, in November 2008, the Supreme Court granted certiorari in the first case in which the Center filed a brief after its founding, Abuelhawa v. United States.
Cases.
Representative cases the Center has participated in as "amicus curiae" include:
"Abuelhawa v. United States" -- Supreme Court of the United States—The Center filed an amicus brief on the merits on behalf of the defendant. The case involved whether a prosecutor should charge a defendant with a felony for using a cell phone to buy drugs solely for personal use under a statute targeting the use of a "communications device" to "facilitat" a narcotics distribution. The Center previously had filed an amicus brief in support of a petition for writ of certiorari and the Supreme Court granted certiorari on November 14, 2008. On May 26, 2009, in a unanimous opinion, the Court agreed with the Center that the defendant should prevail. The Court rested its decision in part on statutory history and Justice Department charging policy, both subjects of the Center's brief. 
"Colon v. New York" -- Court of Appeals, State of New York—In this case, the Center filed an amicus brief proposing a new, clearer test for determining when a tacit agreement exists between a prosecutor and a cooperating witness to provide benefits to the witness in exchange for testifying against a defendant. On November 19, 2009, the Court sided with the Center in a unanimous opinion. 
"Pottawattamie County v. McGhee" -- Supreme Court of the United States—The Center filed an amicus brief on behalf of the respondents, who spent nearly 20 years in prison after prosecutors fabricated evidence to frame them for a crime they did not commit. The Center's brief argued that, like law enforcement agents, prosecutors should receive qualified rather than absolute immunity for unconstitutional actions they take in their investigative capacity. The case was argued on November 4, 2009. During the argument, Justice Sotomayor questioned the Deputy Solicitor General regarding studies that were cited in the Center's brief and that show that, as a matter of routine, prosecutors are not sanctioned for improper conduct. 
"Carachuri-Rosendo v. Holder" -- Supreme Court of the United States—In this case, the Center filed an amicus brief on behalf of the petitioner, addressing whether immigration courts can treat second or subsequent misdemeanor convictions as recidivist felonies despite a state prosecutor's choice to decline felony charges and the fact that the individual was not actually convicted as a recidivist. in support of a petition for writ of certiorari. The Center's brief argued that circuit court decisions allowing such treatment improperly interfere with the basic exercise of prosecutorial discretion, undermine state interests in the proper and equitable administration of criminal justice, and can lead to a violation of the right to a jury trial. The Center had previously written an amicus brief in support of the petition for writ of certiorari and the Supreme Court granted certiorari on December 14, 2009. On June 14, 2010, in a unanimous opinion, the Court sided with the Center. The Court rested its decision in part on Justice Department charging policy, a subject first and most extensively discussed in the case in the Center's brief. 
"United States v. Stevens" -- Supreme Court of the United States-The Center filed an amicus brief in support of the United States in its prosecution of a defendant convicted at trial of selling videos of pit bulls engaging in heinous, violent dogfights and attacks on other animals. Sitting en banc, and over a three-judge dissent, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit found the applicable statute to be facially unconstitutional under the First Amendment. The Center's brief argued that the lower court erred in its holding because the applicable statute reaches only what amounts to crime-scene photographs and videos that are exploited for commercial gain and lack any serious artistic or other value. The case was argued on October 7, 2009. On April 20, 2010, the Court ruled for the defendant. In his dissenting opinion, Justice Alito cited and quoted the Center's brief.
Public policy.
The Center's public policy and media component seeks to improve public dialogue on criminal justice matters in various ways, including testifying before public officials.
Congressional testimony.
The Center's Faculty Director, Professor Rachel Barkow, testified before the United States Senate Judiciary Committee regarding the implications of the Supreme Court's decision in "Blakely v. United States." She also testified before the United States Sentencing Commission and made recommendations for reforming the federal sentencing system. Professor Barkow recommended that the Commission keep the current advisory Guidelines framework, reconsider the use of acquitted conduct to increase sentences, reevaluate its decision to set drug trafficking guideline ranges around the mandatory minimums set by Congress, and prioritize its empirical research and data analysis in setting the agenda for itself and Congress, particularly by engaging in fiscal-cost and racial-impact forecasting of changes in sentencing law, evidence-based research about what works and what does not in fighting crime and curbing recidivism, and studying the relationship between prosecutorial practices and federal sentencing outcomes. 
The Center's Executive Director, Anthony Barkow, testified before the United States House of Representatives Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law regarding proposed legislation that would prohibit former federal prosecutors from serving as or for corporate monitors in matters that they investigated or prosecuted when in government service.
Media.
The Center addresses public policy via the publishing of op-ed pieces, including pieces in "The Washington Post", "The Boston Herald", "Forbes", and on CNN.com. In addition, Executive Director Anthony Barkow has been interviewed numerous times on various criminal law matters in print, television, and on the radio including appearances on NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams and BBC World News.

</doc>
<doc id="20806743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806743" title="Domkol subdivision">
Domkol subdivision

Domkol subdivision is a subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India, was founded on 14 December 1999. It consists of Dhulian municipality and four community development blocks: Domkol, Raninagar–I, Raninagar–II and Jalangi. The four blocks contain 38 gram panchayats and one census town. The subdivision has its headquarters at Domkol. 
Area.
Apart from the Dhulian municipality, the subdivision contains one census town and rural areas of 38 gram panchayats under four community development blocks: Domkol, Raninagar–I, Raninagar–II and Jalangi. The only census town is: Harharia Chak.
Blocks.
Domkal block.
Rural area under Domkal block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Ajimganjgola, Garaimari, Juginda, Sarangpur, Bhagirathpur, Garibpur, Juranpur, Dhulauri, Ghoramara, Madhurkul, Domkal, Jitpur and Raipur. There is no urban area under this block. Domkol police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Domkol.
Raninagar–I block.
Rural area under Raninagar–I block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Herampur, Islampurchak, Paharpur, Hurshi, Lochanpur and Tenkaraipur Balumati. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Harharia Chak. Islampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Goas.
Raninagar–II block.
Rural area under Raninagar–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Kalinagar–I, Katlamari–II, Rajapur, Kalinagar–II, Malibari–I, Raninagar–I, Katlamari–I, Malibari–II and Raninagar–II. There is no urban area under this block. Raninagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Raninagar.
Jalangi block.
Rural area under Jalangi block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Choapara, Ghoshpara, Khayramari, Sahebnagar, Debipur, Jalangi, Sadikhanderah, Faridpur, Katabari and Sagarpara. There is no urban area under this block. Jalangi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sahebrampur.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Dhulian municipality will be part of the Samserganj assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Raninagar–I block, the Dhulauri gram panchayat under the Domkol block, and five gram panchayats under the Raninagar–II block, viz. Kalinagar–I, Kalinagar–II, Malibari–I, Malibari–II and Raninagar–I, will constitute the Raninagar assembly constituency. The other twelve gram panchayats under the Domkol block will form the Domkal assembly constituency. The Jalangi block and four gram panchayats under the Raninagar–II block, viz. Katlamari–II, Rajapur, Katlamari–I and Raninagar–II, will form the Jalangi assembly constituency. Samserganj assembly constituency will be part of the Maldaha Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas Domkal, Jalangi and Raninagar constituencies will be part of the Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20806755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806755" title="Dragočajna">
Dragočajna

Dragočajna (; in older sources also "Dragočajn", or "Dragotschain") is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The settlement was first attested in 1455 as "Dragotschein". The name is derived from "*Dragočajina", based on the Slavic personal name "Dragoča(jь)", and thus originally meant 'Dragoča's settlement'. The settlement was known as "Dragotschein" or "Dragotschain" in German in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="20806769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806769" title="Kings and Queens (Killing Joke song)">
Kings and Queens (Killing Joke song)

"Kings and Queens" is Killing Joke's third single from their fifth studio album, "Night Time". It was originally released on 21 March 1985 under E'G Records as a 12" and 7" single in the UK, and a 7" single under Polydor in the Netherlands. It was produced by Chris Kimsey. The 12" single featured "Kings and Queens (A Right Royal Mix)" as an A-side, and both "The Madding Crowd (remixed by Killing Joke)" and "Kings and Queens" were featured as B-sides. E’G Record’s 7" single and Polydor's 7" single exempted "Kings and Queens (A Right Royal Mix)" and instead featured "Kings and Queens" as the A-side, and "The Madding Crowd (remixed by Killing Joke)" as the B-side. E'G Records also released a remix of "Kings and Queens" as a 12" vinyl. "Kings and Queens (Knaves Mix)" was featured as an A-side and featured the same B-sides as the 12" single of "Kings and Queens".
Reception.
Although "Kings and Queens" was overshadowed by the success of Killing Joke's previous single, "Love Like Blood", it did reach number fifty-eight in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20806778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806778" title="Auguszta Mátyás">
Auguszta Mátyás

Auguszta Mátyás (born January 17, 1968 in Nagykanizsa) is a Hungarian handball player and Olympic medalist, who currently plays for Hungarian second division side Nagykanizsai Izzó SE.

</doc>
<doc id="20806800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806800" title="Golo Brdo, Medvode">
Golo Brdo, Medvode

Golo Brdo () is a settlement northwest of Ljubljana in Slovenia. It lies within the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region.

</doc>
<doc id="20806819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806819" title="Pantellerite">
Pantellerite

Pantellerite is a peralkaline rhyolite. It has a higher iron and lower aluminium composition than comendite. It is named after Pantelleria, a volcanic island in the Strait of Sicily and the type location for this rock. On Pantelleria the rock is usually found as a vitrophyre containing phenocrysts of anorthoclase or sanidine. Quartz is found only in the most strongly peralkaline rocks. Mafic minerals may include aegirine, fayalite, aenigmatite, ilmenite, and sodic amphibole (often arfvedsonite or ferrorichterite). 

</doc>
<doc id="20806827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806827" title="Beatrix Tóth">
Beatrix Tóth

Beatrix Tóth (born March 10, 1967 in Szabadszállás) is a former Hungarian handball player who was member of the Hungarian team, that won the bronze medal on the 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20806833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806833" title="Rock 'n' Roll za kućni savet">
Rock 'n' Roll za kućni savet

"Rock 'n' Roll za kućni savet" is a single from influential Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba from their 1979 album "Kost u grlu".
B-side features the song "Valentino iz restorana".

</doc>
<doc id="20806838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806838" title="Jerzy">
Jerzy

Jerzy () is the Polish version of the masculine given name George. The most common nickname for "Jerzy" is "Jurek" (pronounced: "Yurek").

</doc>
<doc id="20806842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806842" title="Anikó Meksz">
Anikó Meksz

Anikó Meksz (born June 18, 1965 in Szekszárd) is a former Hungarian handball goalkeeper who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team.

</doc>
<doc id="20806843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806843" title="Bolton Rural District">
Bolton Rural District

Bolton was a short-lived rural district in the administrative county of Lancashire. It was created by the Local Government Act 1894 and comprised an area surrounding the County Borough of Bolton, and was abolished when the borough was extended in 1898.
The rural district was the successor to the Bolton Rural Sanitary District, which had been created in 1872. Whereas Bolton RSD was governed by a sanitary authority consisting of the local poor law guardians, the rural district was administered by the directly elected Bolton Rural District Council.
Parishes.
The district consisted of seventeen civil parishes:
Abolition.
The district was abolished under the Bolton, Turton and Westhoughton Extension Act. Its area was distributed between the county borough and the urban districts of Turton and Westhoughton as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20806844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806844" title="Alduin I of Angoulême">
Alduin I of Angoulême

Alduin (or Hildouin) I (died 27 March 916) was the Count of Angoulême from 886.
He was the son of Wulgrin I, Count of Angoulême, whom he succeeded on 3 May 886. Like his father, he was charged with defending parts of Aquitaine against the Viking invaders.
Alduin's wife is unknown, but with her he had a son:

</doc>
<doc id="20806856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806856" title="Helga Németh">
Helga Németh

Helga Németh (born August 7, 1973 in Nagykanizsa) is a Hungarian handball player who has won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team on the 1996 Summer Olympics. She played all five matches and scored 18 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806861" title="Hungary–Sweden relations">
Hungary–Sweden relations

Hungary–Sweden relations are foreign relations between Hungary and Sweden. Sweden has an embassy in Budapest. Diplomacy relations between the two countries started on December 28, 1945. These relations developed to a higher ambassador level. In Stockholm there is a Hungarian embassy.
History.
Raoul Wallenberg between July and December 1944 issued protective passports and housed Jews, saving tens of thousands of Jewish lives in Hungary from the Swedish embassy.
The King of Sweden visited in October 1996. Björn von Sydow, who was the Swedish defence minister in Göran Persson's government between 1997 and 2002 took a formal visit in Budapest in 1996. 
Anna Lindh, the Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs, was murdered in Stockholm, and the Hungarian Ministry for Foreign Affairs's honored her with a memorial on May 28, 2004 in Budapest's City Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="20806862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806862" title="Robert Eyssen">
Robert Eyssen


</doc>
<doc id="20806864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806864" title="Anna Szántó">
Anna Szántó

Anna Szántó (born November 24, 1966 in Mátészalka) is a former Hungarian handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, where she collected the bronze medal with the Hungarian team. She played four matches and scored seven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806870" title="Alfred Titschkus">
Alfred Titschkus

Alfred Titschkus was an Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Alfred Titschkus was a Vehicle commander in the 3rd SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion, SS Division "Totenkopf" when he was awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1944 while serving on the Eastern Front.

</doc>
<doc id="20806873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806873" title="Zadnji voz za Čačak">
Zadnji voz za Čačak

"Zadnji voz za Čačak" (trans. "Last train to Čačak") is a single by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba, from their 1987 album "Ujed za dušu". The song is a cover of The Monkees' "Last Train to Clarksville".
B-side features the song "Lud sto posto" ("100% Crazy").
The single was not available in the shops, but given as a gift with an issue of "Politika Ekspres"
References.
"Zadnji voz za Čačak" at Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="20806878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806878" title="Katalin Szilágyi">
Katalin Szilágyi

Katalin Szilágyi (born November 16, 1965 in Nyíregyháza) is a former Hungarian handball player who has won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. She played all five matches and scored 13 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806889" title="Isaiah Rynders">
Isaiah Rynders

Captain Isaiah Rynders (1804-January 3, 1885) was an American businessman, sportsman, underworld figure and political organizer for Tammany Hall. Founder of the "Empire Club", a powerful political organization in New York during the mid-19th century, his "sluggers" committed voter intimidation and election fraud on behalf of Tammany Hall throughout the 1840s and 1850s.
He held considerable influence in Tammany Hall for twenty-five years and was credited for delivering New York to James K. Polk and securing his election as President of the United States. He was similarly successful in the presidential elections of Franklin Pierce and James Buchanan, the latter appointing him U.S. Marshal of the Southern District of New York. Although Rynders Street (now part of Centre Street) is sometimes said to have been named in his honor, the street name was in use as early as 1794, prior to his birth.
Although nominally loyal to Tammany for the majority of his career, his "Empire Cub" heading the fight against the nativist Know Nothing movement for over a decade, Rynders aligned himself with the Know Nothings for a brief period during the 1850s. This eventually brought him into conflict with his former protégé John Morrissey who would eventually replace him as political boss of the Sixth Ward.
Biography.
Born to a German-American father and an Irish Protestant mother, Rynders first appeared in New York City during the mid-1830s, after a brief career as a professional gambler and pistol-and-knife fighter on the Mississippi River, and soon became involved in local politics. An enthusiastic supporter of Tammany Hall, he established himself as one of the most politically skilled organizers in the city. He was said to have ""sometimes permitted his love of the Irish and hatred for the English to upset his judgment"", however he also recognized the value of using the numerous street gangs for Tammany Hall. Owner of at least half a dozen green-groceries in Paradise Square, he was able to win the predominantly Irish-American gangs to the cause of Tammany Hall and organize them into a voting block. He later established a network of saloons and gambling parlors which supported his political club and generated revenue for Tammany Hall.
He originally operated from "Sweeney's House of Refreshment", an Ann Street tavern popular with volunteer firefighters, before founding the "Empire Club" in 1843. The Park Row clubhouse quickly became the political hub of the Sixth Ward and, through a heavy campaign of voter intimidation and election fraud, he was credited for securing the presidency of Democratic candidate James K. Polk during the United States presidential election of 1844. It was also the headquarters from which he directed his lieutenants such as Dirty Face Jack, Country McCleester, Edward Z.C. Judson, Paudeen McLaughlin, Jim Turner, Lew Baker and John Morrissey against the Know Nothings and their Bowery supporters which included the Atlantic Guards and the Bowery Boys. Rynders was also alleged to have been involved in instigating the Astor Place Riot in 1849 and later made trips to Philadelphia, Baltimore and New Orleans where he advised local Democratic leaders on Tammany-style machine politics.
By the end of the decade, he was considered to be the de facto leader of the Five Points street gangs and was often requested by authorities to use his influence to cease rioting and gang-related violence which the police were unable to stop. He was a particularly important figure in civil disturbances against abolitionists during the period encountering such people as Frederick Douglass and Abby Gibbons. On one occasion, Wendell Phillips was stopped from speaking at the Broadway Tabernacle when Rynders publicly threatened that he and his men would ""wreck the building and mob the audience"". Henry Ward Beecher invited Phillips to speak at Plymouth Church and, when a mob led by Rynders followed Phillips, he and his followers were met by a group of well-armed men who defended the building. It was during this meeting that Phillips not only spoke out against slavery but also of the corruption of Tammany Hall.
Rynders was involved in the successful presidential elections of Franklin Pierce and James Buchanan, during the presidential elections of 1852 and 1856 respectively, and was appointed by Buchanan as U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of New York in 1857. On June 9, 1854, Rynders married 20-year-old Phoebe Shotwell, the last surviving child of real estate mogul John Shotwell and Phoebe Byron, in Washington, DC. For a brief time during this period, he renamed his political organization the "Americus Club" and switched his allegiances to the Know Nothings causing a deep rift between him and his Irish supporters, most notably his protégé John Morrissey. This decision would lead to his downfall as the political boss of the Sixth Ward when, during the Dead Rabbits Riot in 1857, he was attacked and pelted with rocks while attempting to persuade the warring gangsters to cease fighting. His reputation suffered considerably after this point and Morrissey eventually replaced Rynders as head of the Sixth Ward.
Rynders remained in politics, attending the 1860 Democratic National Convention as a regular member of the New York delegation and, while a U.S. Marshal, he was in attendance at the execution and Albert W. Hicks and was the arresting officer who took Nathaniel Gordon into custody that same year. In early-1861, he was ordered by Chairman Morris to find William Hepburn Russell and return him to Washington, D.C. but telegraphed the capitol on March 2 that he was unable to locate him. Rynders reported that he had heard rumors that Russell was residing in Philadelphia but that he did not believe the report. He was among several Tammany political leaders who opposed the American Civil War, going so far as to support Mayor Fernando Wood's proposal to take New York City out of the Union, and later fought the federal government over conscription prior to the New York Draft Riots in 1863.
Rynders was portrayed in the historical novel "The Furies" (1976) by John Jakes and "Lucrecia Mott" (1999) by Dorothy Sterling.

</doc>
<doc id="20806906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806906" title="Dan Noble">
Dan Noble

Dan Noble, also known as Daniel Dyson, (1846-?) was an English gentleman burglar, confidence man, sneak thief and pickpocket active in the United States during the mid-to late 19th century. One of the most notorious criminals in New York City, he was involved in several major robberies in the post-American Civil War era. Among his exploits included the daylight robbery of the Royal Insurance Company in 1866 and was an alleged participant in the theft of $1,000,000 from industrialist Rufus L. Lord arraigned by George Leonidas Leslie in 1876.
Biography.
Early life and criminal career.
Dan Noble was born in England and immigrated to the United States in 1857, when not yet properly into his teens. His parents followed shortly after and his father opened a on the corner of Twenty-Fourth Street and Ninth Avenue. It soon became a popular spot for thieves, burglars and other underworld figures, where Noble became closely associated with the "Long Doctor", "Big" Jack Connolly and Johnny Murphy under whose tutelage he was encouraged to enter the trade himself. In his first attempt at burglary however, he was caught trying to rob a house on East Twenty-Third Street, and had in his possession nippers, a jimmy and a skeleton key. Although these were the tools used by an experienced thief, it was later found that the 15-year-old Noble had borrowed the tools from an elderly thief who was boarding with his father. Because of his youth and lack of a criminal record, as well as some outside influence, the charges against him were dropped. 
Noble continued to be involved in burglary, but eventually became a butcher as he reached adulthood. Although he was successful in this trade, he was drawn back into crime after becoming acquainted with a group of "till-tappers", Jimmy Price and brothers Fred, Scott and George Newton, whom he later joined. After a time learning under them, he returned to burglary and also pickpocketing. He felt more comfortable as a pickpocket apparently believing the activity to require less skill and provided lower risk for arrest. He typically targeted young women, as well as men on occasion. "He considered it required less skill, less adroitness, and less nerve to slip his fingers into a woman's pocket, and secure the contents, than to jump into a basement and scurry off with whatever he could catch."".
Despite his success, he was arrested twice in a two-year period while in the pocket picking line. He was released on these two occasions but was sentenced to six months at Blackwell's Island. Shortly after his release, he became partners with Hettie Thompson, sister of the infamous Maria Thompson, and they traveled together throughout the country. 
He later headed a group of sneak thieves including Jimmy Griffin, Frank Knapp and Jack Tierney, whose activities he planned and financed. Though primarily based in New York City, they were also active in other major cities across the country. One of the most celebrated thieves in the city at this time, he was once invited to an underworld gathering hosted by saloonkeeper Mush Riley. It was at this banquet that the guest were treated to a mystery main course which Riley later revealed to be a Newfoundland dog. He operated with a great deal of cooperation from the New York Police Department, reportedly having as many as 30 police officers on his payroll, until his eventual arrest.
Encounter with Allen Pinkerton.
Noble ran a faro house on Broadway during the American Civil War, as well a faro bank with Charles Brockway. It was during this time that he fell pray to a practical joke by Allen Pinkerton, famed detective and founder of the Pinkerton Detective Agency. Pinkerton, then head of the US Secret Service, was originally in New York visiting Colonel Thomas Key. On the day of his arrival, he checked into the St. Nicholas late in the afternoon and planned to meet with Key at the Fifth Avenue Hotel later that evening. He intended to return to Washington, DC that same night or early the next morning however, while wandering around the rotunda and public rooms of the hotel Pinkerton was approached by two men. Instantly recognizing the two as confidence men, their old con games well-known to the veteran detective, Pinkerton played along allowing the men to lure him to Noble's faro house nearby. He convinced the men that he was an army contractor, in town to buy a thousand cavalry horses, and implied that he was carrying a considerable sum. Upon gaining entry into the gambling resort, and armed with a pistol concealed in his pocket, he bided his time as the two "steerers" as well as other gamblers encouraged him to play. He eventually announced that was leaving, claiming that he did not understand the games, to which the dealers protested including Noble. Inviting the confidence man to have a drink with him at the bar, causing some surprise and confusion among the patrons. Noble hesitantly agreed, however he soon became suspicious demanding to know his identity. Pinkerton obliged Noble by identifying he and others in the room as gamblers, swindlers and other criminals. When Noble then asked if Pinkerton was after him or anyone else, Pinkerton replied he had not and casually dismissed himself to the astonishment of the crowd.
Robbery of the Royal Insurance Company.
On December 10, 1866, the Broadway office of the Liverpool and London-based Royal Insurance Company was robbed of over a quarter of a million dollars in bonds. The day of the robbery, a meeting of the American company directors was to take place at noon. At half-past 10:00 am, a tin box containing $25,000 in government bonds and negotiable securities was brought to the firm's office from the Merchants' Bank. Although deposited and kept in its vaults for safekeeping, it was customary at these meetings for the board of directors to use or inspect the box for any change in stock. The box was placed in the vault opening from the back room of the office of company agent Anthony B. McDonald. The inner iron door of the safe was closed but not locked.
At around 11:20 am, two well-dressed men respectable looking men entered the building expressing an interest in life insurance and were shown into McDonnell's office. One of the men, described as ""a young man about 30 years of age and having the appearance of an able commercial traveler on a fine salary"", took a seat on the opposite side of the table of McDonald and immediately began speaking to him about terms of life insurance policies. He then explained that he and several others were preparing to go down the Mississippi River to New Orleans on business for their respective companies and were interested on obtaining life insurance during their extended trip to the South. The young man continued further by stating that he and his group were as yet undecided whether they should take a "traveler's risk" or purchase insurance. He himself was in favor of getting life insurance as he claimed to be a married man. His companion also commented occasionally and supported his claim that the young man had been appointed the group's spokesman and would negotiate the terms of the policies. While the young man and the agent continued speaking, the second man excused himself and left the room for a few moments.
The vault was situated to one side and to the rear of McDonald's office. The agent was, at this time, engrossed in tables and statements which he displayed for the young man and from which he calculated from a table of risks so as to satisfy the inquiries of his potential client. Meanwhile, the second man spent a few moments and walked the halls examining various portraits and other ornaments hanging on the walls. He returned to the office where he casually informed his friend that he would have to leave or would miss an important appointment. Agreeing to meet him later during the day, the second man wished the men a good day and left the office. A few minutes later, the young man concluded his business with the agent, thanking him for his kindness and attention, and promised to call him after consulting his friends.
The meeting was held as scheduled and at the time the directors were to examine the box, it was found to be missing. An alarm was quickly raised and police quickly deduced that the two gentlemen served to distract McDonald while sneak thieves infiltrated the office and stole the tin box. These men were under the employ of Noble who somehow found out about the meeting and was believed to have planned the operation. He and Jack Tierney waited outside in a horse-drawn carriage, either to take off with the box or to provide the thieves to escape if they were caught, while the two salesmen Frank Knapp and Jimmy Griffin posed as the salesmen who spoke to McDonald. Knapp stayed in the office with McDonald, purposely taking a seat in which McDonald's back was to the vault, while Griffin excused himself then slipped back into the office where he took the box from the vault. He returned to the office, with the box hidden under his overcoat, and said he had to go out for a few minutes. Griffin met Noble and Tierney outside to delivering the box then returned to the office where he made his excuses and left the building with Knapp following soon after.
Later years.
Noble and his partners went into hiding immediately following the robbery. Knapp and Griffin fled to Canada on the advice of Noble, however there was a falling out between the men when their shares amounted to $27,000 each. This was a meager sum considering the heist netted over a quarter of a million dollars. The argument between Noble and his partners eventually led to his arrest, conviction and brief imprisonment. The insurance company eventually recovered $55,000 bonds, on payment of a premium or reward of 15%.
Noble eluded authorities for over four years until his arrest and conviction in Oswego, New York in February 1871. His wealth, by this time, had all been used up during his time on the run and his trial. Noble was sentenced to ten years imprisonment at Sing Sing but escaped after serving less than a year. According to an alternate version by George W. Walling, former police chief of the New York Police Department, Noble was sentenced to five years imprisonment for a burglary in Elmira, New York when he became acquainted with Jimmy Hope and James Brady while in Auburn State Prison and eventually escaped with them. He fled to England soon after where he was largely associated with "sporting swells". He visited France for a brief time, on the Paris Bourse in 1873, he was caught attempting to rob a broker's office and sentenced to five years penal servitude. Released after serving his sentence, he was liberated in time to attend the Paris Exposition in the summer of 1878.
He eventually moved back to England where he was eventually convicted for forgery, arrested after attempting to use bank notes printed by forger George Engles at a London bank, and sentenced to twenty years imprisonment. He served roughly half of his term, his health failing in his old age, and died in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20806913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806913" title="Minuscule 40">
Minuscule 40

Minuscule 40 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A155 (Von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains almost complete text of the four Gospels on 312 parchment leaves (), with only two lacunae (Luke 21:21-23:32; John 20:25-21:25).
The text is written in 1 column per page (11.9 by 10.7 cm), biblical text in 18 lines per page, text of commentary in 48 lines per page (24.6 by 17.4 cm). The initial letters in red; iota subscriptum.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 233, the last section in 16:8), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, prolegomena, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, and a commentary (Victor's in Mark).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V. 
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
Formerly it belonged to the Stavronikita monastery on the Athos (as codex 34). It was examined and described by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin Gr. 22) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20806914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806914" title="Brockway Area Junior/Senior High School">
Brockway Area Junior/Senior High School

Brockway Area Junior and Senior High School are the only intermediate and secondary schools in the Brockway Area School District. The junior and senior high school facilities are located in Brockway, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 490 pupils in grades 7th through 12th, with 186 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced price lunch. The school employed 40 teachers yielding a student teacher ratio of 12:1.
Graduation Rate.
In 2011, the graduation rate was 92%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4 year cohort graduation rate. Brockway Junior Senior High School's rate was 92% for 2010.
Academics.
In 2010 and 2011, Brockway Area Junior Senior HIgh School achieved AYP status.
11th Grade Reading
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College Remediation Rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 18% of the Brockway Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
Brockway Senior High School offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
Graduation requirements.
Brockway Area School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 24 credits to graduate including: Math - 4 credits, English 4 credits, social studies 3 credits, science 4 credits, Arts and Humanities 2 credits, Health and Physical Education 2 credits and electives 6 credits.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Beginning with the Class of 2015, students will be required to have 4 science credits At Brockway the stduents must complete 4 out of 5 choices: participate in at least 2 Career Activities; Complete a Career Interest Survey; Complete a Formal Resume; Participate in two community volunteer projects, activities or organizations and participate in two job shadowing experiences.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, for the graduating class of 2016, students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, English Composition, and Literature for which the Keystone Exams serve as the final course exams. Students’ Keystone Exam scores shall count for at least one-third of the final course grade. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
SAT Scores.
From January to June 2011, 45 Brockway students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 491. The Math average score was 512. The Writing average score was 466. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Eighth grade.
PSSA Results: 
8th Grade Reading
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
Seventh Grade.
7th Grade Reading
7th Grade Math:
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. The Brockway Area School District did not apply to participate in 2006-07 or in 2007-08. The Brockway Area Junior Senior High School received $83,715 in 2008-09. In Jefferson County, the highest award, $807,235, was given to Punxsutawney Area School District. The highest funding state wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
High School Athletics.
Brockway Area participates in PIAA District IX.

</doc>
<doc id="20806934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806934" title="C.V. France">
C.V. France

Charles V. France (30 June 1868, Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire – 13 April 1949, Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire), usually credited as C. V. France, was a British actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20806951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806951" title="Judit Simics">
Judit Simics

Judit Simics (later Zsemberi, born September 28, 1967 in Mohács) is a former Hungarian handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, where she won the silver medal with the Hungarian team. She played on six matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20806963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806963" title="Mississauga Model flying club">
Mississauga Model flying club

The MMFC, or Mississauga Model Flying Club [http://www.mmfc.net/index.htm] is a remote controlled airplane and helicopter flying club located in Mississauga, Ontario. It started in 1968, and is operational to this day. The field is located at highway 401 and Mississauga road, in Totoredaca Park. It shares the land with a dog park.
Glow fuel is used in most of the models. There are also battery powered and jet aircraft. They operate on any of the Radio frequency displayed on the Canadian frequency chart mainly 72 mHz and 2.4 GHz spread spectrum. The club mainly flies Radio-controlled aircraft, including helicopters and airplanes. Recently, there has been a track added for radio controlled cars. MMFC now has a brand new website. MMFC is part of the Model Aeronautics Association of Canada [http://www.maac.ca/, and offers the wings program for teaching people how to fly.

</doc>
<doc id="20806968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806968" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! chapters">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! chapters

The "Yu-Gi-Oh!" manga is written and illustrated by Kazuki Takahashi. It was originally serialized in Japan in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" from Shueisha from 1996's issue 42 to 2004. The plot follows the story of a boy named Yugi Mutou who is given the ancient Millennium Puzzle, and awakes an alter-ego within his body, who helps him with any problem he is having using various games.
Shueisha collected the chapters in "tankōbon" format; the first volume was released on March 4, 1997, and the last volume (volume 38) was released on June 4, 2004. Shueisha republished the manga in twenty-two volumes from April 18, 2007 to March 18, 2008. In the United States, Viz Media serialized 14 volumes worth of the manga in "Shonen Jump" from December 3, 2002 to December 4, 2007. They also released the manga in volumes, but divided in three series. The first series, "Yu-Gi-Oh!", includes the first seven volumes, and were released from June 4, 2003 to December 7, 2004. "Yu-Gi-Oh!: Duelist" includes volumes 8-31, and "Yu-Gi-Oh!: Millenium World", the volumes 32-38. Both series started publication in 2005, and while the last volume from "Duelist" was released on December 4, 2007, "Millenium World" ended on February 5, 2008. Chapter 60, originally the last chapter of volume 7, was moved to the beginning of the first volume of "Yu-Gi-Oh!: Duelist" (originally volume 8). 
"Yu-Gi-Oh!" was also adapted to two anime series with the first being created by Toei Animation under the same name and the second by Nihon Ad Systems subtitled "Duel Monsters" (the subtitle was removed for its international release).

</doc>
<doc id="20806974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806974" title="Joan Abellan i Mula">
Joan Abellan i Mula

Joan Abellan i Mula (born 1946 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Catalan playwright and essayist.
Abellan i Mula is a professor of theater arts at the Institut del Teatre de Barcelona (Barcelona Institute of Theater), and author of several plays. Additionally, Abellan i Mula has published numerous essays on the topic of theater arts. In 1989 he won the Prudenci Bertarna prize for the novel "La dona sense attributs" ("The woman without qualities"), written with J. Melendres. He has also translated Bertolt Brecht into the Catalan language, and has produced scripts for television. He has contributed to the magazine "Pipirijaina", and published several articles in "Estudis Escènics" (Stage Studies).

</doc>
<doc id="20806977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806977" title="Gaël (given name)">
Gaël (given name)

Gaël (feminine Gaëlle) is a French (Breton) given name. 
Its etymology is uncertain, it may be related to the ethnonym "Gael" (Goidel); alternatively, it may be a variant of the name Gwenhael (name of a 6th-century Breton saint).
While the popularltiy of the masculine name "Gaël" has been consistently at about rank 100 in France during the 2000s, the feminine name was at rank 100 in 2000 but has declined in popularity since, dropping below rank 400 by 2010.
The masculine name "Gael" in the United States rose steeply in popularity during the 2000s; below rank 1,000 before 2002, it rose to rank 146 in 2012. 
"Gael" also sees some use as a feminine given name in the United States, as a variant of Gail, Gayle (short form of Abigail).
People called Gaël (Gael).
Men:
Women:

</doc>
<doc id="20806998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20806998" title="Phil Hawkins">
Phil Hawkins

Phil Hawkins (born December 26, 1984) is an award-winning commercials, television and independent film director from Manchester, United Kingdom. His work in feature film includes "The Women Of Troy" (2006) and Philip Pullman's "The Butterfly Tattoo" (2008). He is also known for appearing in the Fox/DreamWorks reality television show "On The Lot".
Biography.
Hawkins directed his first short film when he was 13 and it has been through the experience of writing, directing and editing his own films for the past ten years, that he has honed his skills as a filmmaker. As well as his numerous film projects, his work in many professional theatres as director and writer provided an invaluable insight into working with and directing actors.
After writing and directing a short film for BBC Manchester, Hawkins joined the commercials production company The Gate Films as a house director. His first commercial won a Roses Advertising Award in 2005 and his work since has won over ten advertising awards.
His first feature "The Women Of Troy" won Best Director at the New York Independent Film Festival in 2006 and is on sale internationally on DVD. In late 2006, Hawkins was signed by the Dutch production company Dynamic Entertainment to direct the film version of Philip Pullman's novel The Butterfly Tattoo, the author of The Golden Compass. The independent film won three awards at international festivals including Best Director at the New York Independent Film Festival in 2008 - the second time Hawkins has won the same award.
"On The Lot".
In 2007, Hawkins was the only filmmaker from the UK selected to appear on Fox/DreamWorks reality television show "On The Lot" for filmmakers. He was selected by to appear on the show after watching his short film 'Commandeered'. Phil was controversially voted off the show to the surprise of the show's critics. For his work, Steven Spielberg called him "one of the best new and upcoming directors". Carrie Fisher (Actress "Star Wars" and writer) said his work "was the most visual they have seen" whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was "a big fan". Since the show, Phil has signed up to US based manager Seth Lockhart for features development.
External links.
(1) PHILM - The work of director, Phil Hawkins
(2) The Butterfly Tattoo - Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="20807013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807013" title="Valerie Taylor (actress)">
Valerie Taylor (actress)

Valerie Taylor (born 10 November 1902, Fulham, London - 24 October 1988, London) was an English actress. She was married to the actor Hugh Sinclair.

</doc>
<doc id="20807017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807017" title="O Silêncio Q Precede O Esporro">
O Silêncio Q Precede O Esporro

O Silêncio Q Precede O Esporro () is the fifth album by Brazilian band O Rappa. It was produced by Tom Capone and O Rappa. It is distributed through Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20807021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807021" title="Goričane">
Goričane

Goričane () is a settlement northwest of Ljubljana in Slovenia. It lies on the right bank of the Sora River, just before its confluence with the Sava River, in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region.
Goričane Manor.
Goričane Manor (, ), is a large 17th-century manor house in the settlement. It was built using materials from Goričane Castle, which stood just above the site and of which only a few foundation stones are visible. Goričane Castle was owned by the Ljubljana Diocese and, when it fell into ruin, Bishop Oton Buckheim (1606–1664) made the decision to build the manor. Construction took place from 1641 to 1644
In 1934 the manor was the site of a regional conference of the Communist Party of Slovenia, which Josip Broz Tito took part in under the pseudonym Rudi. The manor remained the property of the Ljubljana Diocese until the end of the Second World War, when it was nationalized. It was initially used as residential apartments, but renovation began in 1962 to use the structure for museum purposes. In 1964 the Museum of Non-European Cultures (a branch of the Slovene Ethnographic Museum) was set up in the building.
After Slovenia's independence in 1991, the Ljubljana Archdiocese launched a denationalization suit to have the property returned to it. This was initially denied in 1995. The mansion was used as a museum and exhibition venue until 2001, but it and its surrounding estate were returned by the government to the Archdiocese of Ljubljana. The manor is currently managed by the Parish of Preska. The manor has been undergoing restoration since 2004 and is currently closed to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20807057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807057" title="Teji Bachchan">
Teji Bachchan

Teji Bachchan (; ) (12 August 1914 – 21 December 2007), the wife of Hindi poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan and mother of Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan, was a social activist. She was also known to be a confidant of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Biography.
Born into a Khatri Sikh Punjabi family in Faisalabad, Punjab, British India, she was the daughter of Sardar Khajaan Singh, a barrister at Faisalabad.
She met Harivansh, then an English teacher, at the Allahabad University while she was teaching Psychology at Khoob Chand Degree College, Lahore, Pakistan. The couple got married in Allahbad in 1941.
Bachchan became a home maker and lover of stage. During his lifetime, Harivansh remained completely engrossed in his muse, leaving his wife to handle all family matters. Even in social engagements, the poet willingly played second fiddle to his gregarious wife.
The Bachchans had two sons: Amitabh Bachchan and Ajitabh Bachchan. Amitabh is a Bollywood actor and his wife Jaya Bachchan is also film actress and Member of Parliament.
The Bachchans were a part of India’s literary circuit and high society. The couple sang at events.
Teji played Lady Macbeth in her husband’s Hindi adaptation of "Macbeth". They also played a cameo appearance in Yash Chopra’s "Kabhi Kabhie".
She was also appointed as one of the Directors of the Film Finance Corporation in 1973. The Film Finance Corporation of India (and its successor National Film Development Corporation of India), a Government of India undertaking's main objective was to finance the production of purposeful films of good quality with a view to improving the general standards of the medium.
Teji Bachchan was in the Lilavati Hospital for almost the whole of 2007 and she was shifted to the ICU in November 2007 after her condition became worse. She died at the age of 93 on 21 December 2007 after prolonged illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20807062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807062" title="Max Elbin">
Max Elbin

Carl Maxwell "Max" Elbin (May 20, 1920 – December 12, 2008) was an American golf professional who served a three-year term as president of the Professional Golfers' Association of America during a time when professional tournament golfers split away to form the PGA Tour.
Elbin started out as a caddy at the Cumberland Country Club in Cumberland, Maryland, where he developed his golfing skills and won the club's Caddie Championship as a teenager. While at the practice green preparing to compete in the 1939 Bedford Springs Open at the Bedford Springs Hotel, he met Lew Worsham, the pro at the Burning Tree Club in Bethesda, Maryland. Worsham hired Elbin in 1940 as his assistant at Burning Tree for $19 per week. During the winter, Elbin worked at the Indian Creek Club in Miami Beach, Florida for $25 per week.
During World War II, Elbin joined the United States Army Air Corps in 1942, serving as crew chief on a B-29 Superfortress that saw action over New Guinea, the Philippines and Tokyo.
After the war, both Elbin and Worsham returned to Burning Tree. Worsham left the club for a career as a professional golfer, ultimately winning the 1947 U.S. Open over Sam Snead. Elbin took Worsham's position as pro at age 26 after making a deal over a handshake. As the pro at Burning Tree, he played with six U.S. Presidents: Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush.
In 1965, Elbin was selected to serve a three-year term as the 15th president of the Professional Golfers' Association of America. At the time, the touring professional golfers felt that their concerns were not being met. Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer led the movement to create a separate organization that became known as the PGA Tour. The operating agreement signed between the PGA of America and the professional golfers divided the various events, with the PGA Tour taking the World Series of Golf and the PGA of America taking control of the Ryder Cup, then a sparsely attended competition that became one golf's most popular events by the time of Elbin's death.
Elbin died at age 88 at his home in Bethesda, Maryland due to heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20807089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807089" title="Swen Swenson">
Swen Swenson

Swen Swenson (1932–1993) was a Broadway dancer and singer. Born in Inwood, Iowa, Swenson was trained by dancer Mira Rostova and at the School of American Ballet.
Openly gay, he had featured and co-starring roles on Broadway in such musicals such as "Wildcat" with Lucille Ball, "Little Me" (for which he received a Tony Award nomination), "Annie", "No, No Nanette", "I Remember Mama" and the 1981 revival of "Can-Can". He appeared in movies and on television variety shows, including "Your Show of Shows" and "The Ed Sullivan Show".
Swenson died in 1993 of AIDS-related illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20807125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807125" title="Cho Eun-Hee">
Cho Eun-Hee

Cho Eun-Hee (born May 20, 1972) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which who the silver medal. She played one match as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20807139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807139" title="Warren Parry">
Warren Parry

Warren Parry (born 9 January 1964) is a New Zealand darts player. He is not a full-time professional and works as a slaughterman.
Career.
Parry reached the final of the 1999 WDF World Cup Men's Singles event, beating Marko Kantele in the last 16, Andy Fordham in the quarter finals and fellow New Zealander Herbie Nathan in the semis before losing to Raymond van Barneveld. Parry then went on the win the 2000 WDF Asia-Pacific Cup. Despite losing his opening group game to Australia's Tony David, Parry won his next two group games to secure qualification for the knockout stage. He defeated Malaysia's Tengku Hadzali Shah, who beat David in the quarter finals, to win the trophy. During that time, Warren won the New Zealand Open back to back in 1999 and 2000. He went on to win it again in 2005.
Parry won the 2005 Oceanic Masters beating Russell Stewart in the final. This earned him a place in the 2006 PDC World Darts Championship in the Circus Tavern in Purfleet. He lost in the first round 3-0 to Mark Walsh. Parry reached the final of the 2006 WDF Asia-Pacific Cup and won the 2007 New Zealand Masters.
Also in 2007, Parry claimed his second Oceanic Masters title and made his second appearance in the PDC World Championship in 2008 which moved from the Circus Tavern to the larger Alexandra Palace. He was drawn against Alex Roy in the first round, narrowly losing three sets to two.
Since then, Parry has played in PDC events. He lost in the semi-finals of Viva Las Vegas NZ, where the winner earned himself a chance to qualify for the Las Vegas Desert Classic but eventually failed to qualify for the actual event.
Parry won the 2009 Oceanic Masters and won a spot in the 2010 PDC World Darts Championship for the third time. He played five-time world champion Raymond van Barneveld in the first round was beaten 3–0.
In 2013 Parry won the Southland Masters by defeating Stephen Padget 5–2 in the final. Later in the year he won the DartPlayers New Zealand Qualifier for the inaugural Sydney Darts Masters, a tournament which formed the new World Series of Darts. He faced Paul Nicholson in the first round and lost 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="20807142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807142" title="Berkeley, New South Wales">
Berkeley, New South Wales

Berkeley is a suburb of Wollongong, New South Wales. The suburb is located in Wollongong's southern suburbs, on the northern shore of Lake Illawarra.
Historically a farming community situated between the hills and Lake Illawarra, Berkeley became one of the Illawarra's solutions to a public housing shortage in the early years. Subsequently several public housing developments were established and most of these are still in existence today in certain parts of the suburb. To date approximately close to one in four dwellings consist of public housing owned by Housing NSW. The suburb has however enjoyed significant growth in the last two decades, with younger working families moving into the district in search of new homes. Berkeley's distance from Wollongong and vast space at the time identified it as an attractive option to new families and today much of the farmland are occupied by housing estates marketed as Regency Heights. The Berkeley of today houses a rich mix of Wollongong's community, different from that typically associated with the area in the 1980s.
The suburb is home to a small shopping precinct that contains a supermarket, petrol station, pub, post office,community swimming pool and The Berkeley Life Centre Church located in Kelly street. A Community Centre provides a meeting place for local residents. By the lake there are stretches of parkland and several jetties which provide locals with lakeside recreation options. The Easts Group owns and operates the local Berkeley Sports and Social Club located just outside of the shopping precinct. Fred Finch Park is home to baseball fields and both indoor and outdoor basketball courts, acting as a hub for sports in the local area.
Several of the early streets in Berkeley are named after the original farm owners of the district.
There are currently two primary schools in the area, the Berkeley Public School and Berkeley West Public School. Berkeley South Public School was closed at the end of the 2009 school year due to low attendance and students were reassigned between the other two primary schools. Berkeley is also home to a public high school, the Illawarra Sports High School. Originally known as Berkeley High School, the school changed its name in 1998 in line with becoming a sports orientated school.
Public transport is provided by Premier Illawarra, a bus company contracted by the New South Wales Ministry of Transport to provide services to most of the Illawarra region.
Due to a history of drug abuse problems in Berkeley and the surrounding suburbs, the area houses several specialist drug & alcohol treatment centres, which includes the Wollongong Crisis Centre and Kedesh House. The Lake Illawarra Local Area Command provides police response to the suburb with NSW Ambulance Service providing response from its Warrawong Station. The church offers many programs such as the Alpha course and celebrate recovery for people with addictions.

</doc>
<doc id="20807161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807161" title="Kim Cheong-Sim">
Kim Cheong-Sim

Kim Cheong-Sim (born February 8, 1976) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which who the silver medal. She played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20807165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807165" title="Digoxin toxicity">
Digoxin toxicity

Digoxin toxicity is a poisoning that occurs when excess doses of digoxin (from foxglove plants of the genus "Digitalis") are consumed acutely or over an extended period. The classic features of digoxin toxicity are nonspecific: fatigue, blurred vision, change in color vision (e.g. "yellow vision"), anorexia, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, headache, dizziness, confusion, delirium. It is also associated with characteristic cardiac arrhythmias.
Classification.
Digoxin toxicity is often divided into acute or chronic. The therapeutic level for digoxin is 0.5-2 ng/mL. Low serum potassium increases the risk of digoxin toxicity and cardiac dysrhythmias. The classic arrhythmia is a paroxysmal atrial tachycardia with block. Digoxin toxicity occurs because it is very easy to overdose. Overdose commonly occurs because its therapeutic effect works only within a very narrow window.
Signs and symptoms.
The symptoms of poisoning can include drowsiness, nausea/vomiting, loss of appetite (anorexia), diarrhea, disturbed color vision (yellow or green halos around objects), confusion, dizziness, agitation, and/or depression. Cardiac effects can include changes in heart rate and a variety of cardiac dysrhythmias. Hypokalemia is a characteristic sign of digoxin poisoning.
Investigations.
ECG.
Characteristic EKG changes include bradycardia (the most frequent vital sign abnormality in toxicity), a prolonged PR interval. An accelerated junctional rhythm or bidirectional ventricular tachycardia suggests digoxin toxicity until proven otherwise.
Serum digoxin concentration.
A serum digoxin concentration of 0.5-0.9 ng/mL was associated with reduced mortality and hospitalisations in the DIG (Digoxin Investigation Group) trial. It is therefore recommended that digoxin concentration be maintained in approximately this range if it is used in heart failure.
Treatment.
The primary treatment of digoxin toxicity is digoxin immune Fab, made up of anti-digoxin immunoglobulin fragments. The dose depends on the serum digoxin concentration and the weight of the patient.
Other treatment that may be tried to treat life-threatening arrhythmias, until digoxin Immune Fab is acquired are magnesium, phenytoin, and lidocaine. Atropine, catecholamines (isoprenaline or salbutamol), and/or temporary cardiac pacing may also used in cases of bradyarrhythmias.

</doc>
<doc id="20807166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807166" title="Colin Keith-Johnston">
Colin Keith-Johnston

Colin Keith-Johnston (8 October 1896 - 3 January 1980) was a British actor.
Keith-Johnston was born in London. As well as film appearances, he appeared onstage as Stanhope in the first production of "Journey's End" in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20807194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807194" title="Taylor High School (Kokomo, Indiana)">
Taylor High School (Kokomo, Indiana)

"For other schools with similar names, see Taylor High School" 
Taylor High School is a high school located near Center, Indiana and is a part of Taylor Community School Corporation. 
The current administration consists of Chris Smith (Superintendent), Eric Hartman (Principal), and Matthew Boles (Assistant Principal).

</doc>
<doc id="20807205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807205" title="Kim Eun-Mi">
Kim Eun-Mi

Kim Eun-Mi (born December 17, 1975) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which who the silver medal. She played all five matches and scored 16 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20807219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807219" title="Kim Jeong-Mi">
Kim Jeong-Mi

Kim Jeong-Mi (born February 7, 1975) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which won the silver medal. She played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20807237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807237" title="John Romer (politician)">
John Romer (politician)

John Romer was the former officiating governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 17 January 1831 to 21 March 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="20807238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807238" title="Kim Mi-Sim">
Kim Mi-Sim

Kim Mi-Sim (born November 6, 1970) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which who the silver medal. She played all five matches and scored 13 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20807242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807242" title="Three Guys Named Mike">
Three Guys Named Mike

Three Guys Named Mike is a 1951 American black-and-white film by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Charles Walters. In 1979, the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
Described as a "lighthearted and lightweight story" by Turner Classic Movies, "Three Guys Named Mike" chronicles the story of a flight attendant (known in the 1950s as an "airline hostess" or a "stewardess") and three men.
Production.
The credits state that the film was "based on the story by Ruth Brooks Flippen, from suggestions made by Ethel 'Pug' Wells" (later, Davies). Contemporary publicity states that Wells was a flight attendant for American Airlines; she appeared in a bit part in one scene, playing herself. She is also credited as "Technical Advisor." Since Jane Wyman, the lead actress, had a high stature, her colleagues consisted of one of MGM's leading actors and two up-and-coming actors. American Airlines provided advertising in the film and allowed the producers of the film to use American Airlines aircraft for no charge; during that time aircraft were considered to be expensive props in films. Some early scenes in the film portrayed the training given at the American Airlines school for flight attendants. Sidney Sheldon wrote the screenplay.
Reception.
The film earned an estimated $1,707,000 at the US/Canadian box office and $523,000 elsewhere, resulting in a profit to MGM of $577,000.
Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" criticized the film, stating that "for services rendered in the advertising line, that company should award her a gold star (its advertising is all over the film), but if she's still hostessing, it should keep an eye on her. We suspect she spends too much time reading those leather-bound slick magazines rather than attending to the business of serving her real-life passengers" in relation to the glamorized portrayal of airline travel. Turner Classic Movies stated that many "more plebian" critics gave a positive reception to the film while "highbrow critics" such as Crowther gave a negative reception. "Turner Classic Movies" stated that the film "remains a quaintly entertaining time capsule of an era when "stewardesses" became "kiwis" (i.e., non-flying birds) when they got married."

</doc>
<doc id="20807254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807254" title="Uncial 0310">
Uncial 0310

Uncial 0310 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small texts of the Epistle to Titus 2:15-3:6; 3:6-7, on a fragment of the one parchment leaf. The original size of the leaf is unknown.
It is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page (survived only 6 lines), in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th-century.
It is currently housed at the Cambridge University Library (Or. 161699 Π X) in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20807258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807258" title="Tom Martin (writer)">
Tom Martin (writer)

Thomas Paul "Tom" Martin (born July 29, 1964, Chicago, Illinois) is an American television writer. He grew up in Southern California and attended Rolling Hills High School and Indio High School. He graduated from University of California, Irvine in 1987 with degrees in Economics and Political Science. While at UC Irvine he ran on the Track and Cross Country teams. He has written for "Saturday Night Live" (as a guest writer), "The Simpsons", "The Naked Truth", "Just Shoot Me!", "Still Standing", "Clone High", and is a former standup comedian. He is currently the head writer on the animated PBS show "WordGirl".
__TOC__
Writing credits.
"The Simpsons" episodes.
Martin contributed writing to the following "The Simpsons" episodes:
"The Muppets' Wizard of Oz".
Martin adapted the film from the original novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20807260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807260" title="Christmas with The Chipmunks (2008 album)">
Christmas with The Chipmunks (2008 album)

Christmas with The Chipmunks is a Christmas music album by Alvin and the Chipmunks, released in 2008. The songs in this collection were culled from two separate volumes released by Liberty Records: "Christmas with The Chipmunks" and "Christmas with The Chipmunks, Vol. 2".

</doc>
<doc id="20807261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807261" title="Kim Rang">
Kim Rang

Kim Rang (born October 9, 1974) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which who the silver medal. She played all five matches and scored 14 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20807269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807269" title="John Geekie">
John Geekie

John Geekie was the British governor of Bombay from 15 November 1742 to 26 November 1742, during the rule of the Honourable East India Company. 

</doc>
<doc id="20807283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807283" title="Juliette Compton">
Juliette Compton

Juliette Compton (May 3, 1899 – March 19, 1989) was an American actress whose career began in the silent film era and concluded with "That Hamilton Woman" in 1941.
Born in Columbus, Georgia, she started off with a season in the Ziegfeld Follies and then stages appearances in London where she also acted in British films. 
Compton married James Bartram in 1931. They separated in 1936 and finally divorced in 1942. She died in Pasadena, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20807308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807308" title="Piano Trio (Chopin)">
Piano Trio (Chopin)

The Trio for Piano, Violin and Cello, Op. 8, is a composition in G minor composed by Frédéric Chopin. It has four movements:
The piece has established itself as a core member of the piano trio repertoire. In a letter from August 1830, Chopin speculates whether he should have written the violin line for viola, believing that the viola's timbre would "accord better with the cello". Emanuel Ax is of the opinion that it is perhaps fortunate that Chopin scored the work for a standard piano trio, since so few trios with viola exist.
A typical performance lasts approximately 25 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20807313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807313" title="Cass High School (Indiana)">
Cass High School (Indiana)

Lewis Cass Jr. / Sr. High School is a high school located in Walton, Indiana, and is a part of the Southeastern School Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20807348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807348" title="Gogoyoko">
Gogoyoko

gogoyoko.com is an online music store and social networking music website where artists can sell directly to their fans. The site offers free streaming of all tracks, which is subsidized with advertisements in the music store. The focus of the site is on independent music both from independent artists and labels and distributors working in the independent music sector. The aim of the site is to have artists paid fairly for the sale and distribution their music on the Internet, without having to go through a record label or digital aggregators.
Gogoyoko is known as a "forward-thinking" company due to their focus on artists' rights and the concept of "Fair Play in Music", which is term that gogoyoko uses to describe its business model and as a general slogan for its activities in organizing concerts for charity and to promote grassroots musical movements. gogoyoko partners with other companies with a focus on artists' rights and fair business models in the music industry.
History.
Gogoyoko was founded in Reykjavík, Iceland, in December 2007 by musicians Haukur Magnússon and Pétur Úlfur Einarsson. Reynir Harðarson, one of the founders of CCP Games and the original art director of the massively multiplayer online game Eve Online, is also a founding member of the company and one of its owners. Their headquarters are located in the downtown Reykjavík area.
On November 15, 2008, gogoyoko launched its Alpha test mode. On May 1, 2009, it launched its Beta version. The Beta version became open for everybody in Iceland, where the company is based. On October 1, 2009, the site launched in Scandinavia. For those located outside of Iceland and Scandinavia an invitation to the page was needed.
Fair Play.
Gogoyoko claims to provide artists and record labels with a greater control of their work in the digital age and a ""ground-breaking revenue split"" when selling their digital music online. A 10% transaction cost is charged by the company for music sales of downloaded music and the artists receive the rest of the revenue from sales after applicable sales taxes and royalties are paid by gogoyoko. The company also shares 40% of advertisement revenues made from their website with artists and copyright holders of the music, which is based pro rata on how much each artist (or label) streams on the site.
gogoyoko uses the slogan ""Fair play in music"" and that it is ""made by artists for artists"". gogoyoko is not the only formation in the music scene to use the term "fair play". The recently established Featured Artists' Coalition, which members include Radiohead, Kate Nash, Iron Maiden and Kaiser Chiefs, has issued a whole campaign based on the "fair play" concept.
"We want all artists to have more control of their music and a much fairer share of the profits it generates in the digital age. We speak with one voice to help artists strike a new bargain with record companies, digital distributors and others, and are campaigning for specific changes."
Ralph Simon, CEO of the Mobilium Advisory Group and co-founder of the Zomba group and Jive Records, made notice of gogoyoko after his visit to Iceland in October 2008 in an article on his MidemNet blog, Hot Topics in Iceland at You Are in Control Conference.
Music shop.
Artists and record labels are able to sell their music on gogoyoko through a customized music store and a widget player that can be embedded to other websites, such as a blog. Artists and labels decide the price of songs and albums, although they are not able to give songs away for free due to Icelandic copyright law. Artists and labels are able to monitor sales and streams of their music in real time a music manager tool on the site. Payout to artists and labels is made every three months by bank transfer.
The music catalog that is available on the gogoyoko site is a combination of music uploaded by individuals and music from large independent distributors, such as Phonofile, Paradise Distribution, AWAL and Kudos Digital.
Social networking.
Apart from being a music store, gogoyoko is also a social network platform where music fans, music professionals, artists and record labels can make an online profile and interact, similar to MySpace but with a focus only on music. Users are able to rate and review albums in the store, which makes that content more visible to other users through the site's recommendation engine. The focus of the site on independent and grassroots music movements means that the recommendations that the site makes to users are substantially less mainstream than those made on other sites that sell music like Amazon MP3 and iTunes. Users can also "scrobble" their listening history to Last.fm.
According to the website, users can discover new music and dig ""deep into music based on your taste, genres, countries, release dates etc." and find music shows in their hometown or elsewhere. The site was founded in Iceland and has a very high representation of the independent and underground music of that country and other Nordic countries.
Charity.
gogoyoko pledges to donate 10% of all advertisement revenues to charity and environmental organizations. Artists and record labels can also choose to donate a portion of their earnings to the gogoyoko's partner charities. Other registered users and browsers are able to donate directly through the site.
gogoyoko is partnered with five major charities: UNICEF (Iceland), Médecins Sans Frontières, Refugees United, Witness, and the Icelandic Spinal Cord Institute. As part of their involvement with the grassroots movement in Iceland, they also organize concerts with up-and-coming artists and for special charity project. Their partnership with UNICEF (Iceland) and an Icelandic music venue raised 250.000 Icelandic kronur (approximately 2100 USD) in January 2010 for the Haitian Relief Fund.<ref name="gogoyoko/Unicef concert"/>

</doc>
<doc id="20807368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807368" title="Betty Lawford">
Betty Lawford

Betty Lawford (1910–20, November 1960, New York) was an English actress. She was briefly married to the American actor-director Monta Bell. She was a cousin of the actor Peter Lawford.

</doc>
<doc id="20807372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807372" title="Calochortus persistens">
Calochortus persistens

Calochortus persistens is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Siskiyou mariposa lily. It is native to northern California and southern Oregon, where it is known from a few populations on two peaks of the Klamath Mountains straddling the state border. The plant grows at about nine sites scattered on the Gunsight-Humbug Ridge in Siskiyou County, California, and in one population of just a few individuals on Bald Mountain near Ashland in Jackson County, Oregon. It grows on rocky slopes in acidic soils and talus. This is a perennial herb producing an unbranching stem around 10 centimeters tall. There is generally one basal leaf about 20 centimeters long which persists in flowering, and one smaller leaf higher up on the stem. The inflorescence is a pair of erect, bell-shaped flowers with pinkish-purple sepals and petals 3.5 to 4 centimeter in length. The petals have bright yellow hairs near the bases. The fruit is a winged capsule about a centimeter long.
Threats to this rare species include invasive species, wildfire suppression, and construction and maintenance of roads and radio towers. The non-native noxious weed dyer's woad ("Isatis tinctoria") directly competes with the mariposa lily by monopolizing water and nutrients and producing allelopathic substances which inhibit its germination. Fire suppression efforts at the California sites have resulted in overgrowth of native trees and shrubs such as Oregon-grape ("Mahonia aquifolium") and curl-leaf mountain mahogany ("Cercocarpus ledifolius"), which shade out small wildflowers such as mariposa lilies. 

</doc>
<doc id="20807375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807375" title="Iraqi Legal Database">
Iraqi Legal Database

The Iraqi Legal Database (ILD) is the first comprehensive and electronic legal database to be created in the Arab region. The project to create the ILD was launched in 2004 by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), through its Programme on Governance in the Arab Region (POGAR), and is being implemented in coordination with the Higher Judicial Council.
The objective behind the project is to make the entire corpus of Iraqi law available to judges, lawyers, academics, lawmakers, and all other individuals or institutions that rely on legal knowledge in a single, freely accessible source. In keeping with this objective, the ILD was published online in September 2008, and makes available to users 27,433 legal texts altogether, including 7,136 laws, 4,265 ministerial instructions, 3,268 regulations, 5,029 declarations, etc., which is to say every single Iraqi legal text that has been passed since 1917. The ILD is entirely free-of-charge and does not require users to subscribe in any way. The Iraq Country Office of the United Nations Development Programme is the source of most of the funding for the ILD. 
The ILD is available only in Arabic. Iraqi law was not translated into any other language in a systematic manner, and so therefore legal researchers and other jurists that are interested in Iraqi law must carry out their research in Arabic. Non-Arabic speaking researchers who are interested in learning more about the ILD’s features may download the following powerpoint presentation which illustrates (and translates into English) the ILD’s various functions.
History.
The project was originally designed to be implemented in three phases:

</doc>
<doc id="20807397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807397" title="Baden IV c">
Baden IV c

The steam locomotives of Baden Class IV c were passenger locomotives operated by Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway in the former south German state of Baden. 
History.
As part of the procurement of 2-4-0 locomotives in the early 1870s, a total of eight batches of Class IV c engines were ordered. These locomotives were used above all on lines with steep inclines in the Black Forest and the Odenwald. As a result several engines were equipped with a Riggenbach counter-pressure brake.
Design features.
Then dimensions of these engines were largely the same as those of the Class IV b. However the double frame was dropped and replaced by a simple plate frame. The engine had a very short wheelbase and as a result good curve-running performance. In addition the carrying axle had a side play of 10 mm. It was returned to its centre position by sloping bearing surfaces ("geneigte Doppelflächen"). The grate area of the firebox turned out to be very small; as a result its steam generation was not particularly satisfactory. Trials with ribbed tubes did not produce any improvements. The large steam dome sat on the rear boiler section. 
The outside wet-steam engine had inside valves and drove the first coupled axle. The wheels were sprung with leaf springs located over the top, that were linked by a compensating lever between the coupled wheels.
The vehicles were equipped with tenders of classes 2 T 8 or 2 T 6.67. Several locomotives were equipped with rearward-facing driver's cabs on tenders. This enabled them to work routes without a turntable.

</doc>
<doc id="20807405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807405" title="Hamilton Heights High School">
Hamilton Heights High School

Hamilton Heights High School Hamilton Heights High School was founded in 1965 with the consolidation of Jackson Central Eagles (1943-1965) and the Walnut Grove Wolves (1906–65). Jackson Central was itself formed from the consolidation of the Arcadia Dragons (1906–43), the Atlanta Cardinals (1906–07, 1908–43), and the Cicero Red Devils (1905–12, 1913–43). 
Figures.
For the 2008-09 school year, 733 students were enrolled in grades 9-12, including 374 females and 359 males. In 2008, 84.1% of seniors graduated; 27.2% of seniors graduated with honors. 81% of all graduates reported an intention to pursue a college education. 
HHHS participates in the statewide standardized testing regimen known as ISTEP. Of all students tested in the 2008-09 school year, 80.4% of students passed both the English/Language Arts and Mathematics portions of the test, compared to the state average of 73.6%. 
For 2007-08, the average score of college-bound juniors taking the PSAT was 141.3, compared to the state average of 136.5. The average composite SAT score of college-bound seniors for 2007-08 was 1020, compared to the state average of 1004. For the same period, the average composite ACT score was 22.3, compared to the state average of 20.0. Also, for the same period, five percent of students took Advanced Placement tests, compared to the state average of 14%. 
The school's attendance rate for 2007-08 was 94.4%, compared to the state average of 95.9%. This is the lowest attendance rate since the 1994-95 school year.
In the 2008-09 school year, 14% of students receive, or are eligible to receive, free lunches. This is the highest rate of free lunches the DOE reports for the school since the 1995-96 school year.
Also according to the Indiana Department of Education school profile, in 2008-09, the average teacher age was 44.5 years with an average of 17.3 years of teaching experience. The average teacher salary was $49,738. The student:teacher ratio was 18.3:1. An in-depth look at each teacher's background is available on the DOE website.
Curriculum.
HHHS operates on a traditional schedule, and is divided into the Agriculture, Industrial Education, Science, Business Technology, Fine Arts, Mathematics, Social Studies, Band, English, Foreign Language, Physical Education and Health, Special Education, Athletics, School to College Program, School to Work Program, and Media Center departments. 
The campus Media Center is open daily, 7:30 AM to 3:00 PM. Through the Media Center, students may get involved in the Spell Bowl, Quiz Bowl and Academic Super Bowl competitions. 
Currently, the Foreign Language department offers instruction in French and Spanish.
Band has been made a popular activity by students at HHHS. Reportedly, of the 714 students enrolled at the school in 2007-08, 100 students participated in the marching band, concert band, pep band, and color guard. The bands participate regularly in school year performances, local festivals and parades, IBA competitions, and out-of-state events. The program is co-directed by Laura Hicks and Craig Waltz.
According to the DOE, the Fine Arts department has budgeted for classes in Ceramics, Drawing, Chorus, Dance Performance, and Music Theory and Composition for the 2008-09 school year.
Athletics.
HHHS is a division 3A school that supports 19 sports which offer 29 teams to more than 400 students that participate in more than 400 contests annually. The school mascot is the Husky. The school colors are orange and white.
The school competes against neighboring schools in the Mid Indiana Conference. The school is particularly strong in its wrestling, soccer (w) programs, with the football, cross country, swimming and diving, and track and field programs also enjoying recent championship successes in the conference.
Currently, programs for men include football, soccer, cross country, tennis, basketball, swimming and diving, wrestling, baseball, golf, and tracks and field. Programs for women include volleyball, soccer, cross country, golf, basketball, swimming and diving, cheerleading, softball, tennis, and track and field.
Each year the school's football program battles Tipton High School for "The Hammer" traveling trophy.
2010 Hamilton Heights 47 - Tipton 15
2011 Hamilton Heights 10 - Tipton 9
2012 Hamilton Heights 14 - Tipton 19
2012 Hamilton Heights went to the 3A football State Championship
Clubs and organizations.
The school offers several clubs and organizations outside of band and athletics, such as FCA, SADD Club, National FFA Organization, and various others.
Calendars and Announcements.
The school's daily announcements are available to download in PDF format, usually before the school day is finished. A monthly breakfast and lunch menu is also available on the corporation website; the cost for a student breakfast in the 2011-12 school year was $1.50; the cost for a student lunch was $2.10.

</doc>
<doc id="20807409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807409" title="Direktori">
Direktori

Direktori (Serbian Cyrillic: Директори; trans. "The Executives") is a Serbian oi! punk/ska group from Belgrade.
History.
1989 – 1999.
During the spring of 1989, vocalist Nebojša Drakula, with the former Varšavski Geto member Miroslav Pilipović "Trta" on guitar, former Pogrebni Zavod member Srđan Marić on bass guitar and former Hogari member Dragan "Rale" Rašković on drums, formed a band performing cover versions of oi! punk acts such as Sham 69, Cockney Rejects and Skrewdriver. However, it was a year after, in November 1990, that the band got the name Direktori and included another guitar player, Predrag Tošović "Peđa". At the time the band recorded their first demo recording, the song "Mrzim Hajduk" ("I Hate Hajduk"), and in May 1991, they recorded "Čistićte ulice" ("You'll Be Cleaning the Streets") and "Njoj" ("To Her"). By the end of May, the band had their first public appearance in Novi Sad. Soon after the performance, the band recorded "Bando crvena" ("You Red Mob"), which was recorded during the Students protest on March 9, 1991, "Ide voz" ("The Train Goes") and "Porno film" ("Porn Movie").
In February 1992, the band recorded their first promotional video for the song "Bando crvena" for the "Afirmator" TV show. During the same year, on April, they entered the finals of the Palilula Culture Olympics (POK) and in June the band performed at the students protest and on the Vidovdan gathering. At the time, Deca Loših Muzičara brass section started performing with the band, giving an opportunity to the band to develop their interest in ska music. The politically explicit titles of the band's songs caused the band to be disqualified off the 1992 Zaječar Gitarijada, even though they had entered the finals and were critically well acclaimed by both the jury and the audience. The band also had problems with the media as the "Bulevar" newspaper magazine released some anti-band texts with titles such as "Direktori smoke marijuana" or "Marijuana and anti-communism", but the fact only helped the band's popularity.
In October 1992, the band, in only twelve hours, recorded seven new songs which, beside the previous demo recordings, were released on the debut album "Čistićete ulice" ("You'll Be Cleaning the Streets"). In November, the band entered the finals of the Brzi Bendovi Srbije ("Fast Bands of Serbia") festival and won the best musical video award of 1992. Due to a misunderstanding with the Carlo record label, which released the debut first album, the band moved to Take It Or Leave It Records, and even though having new material ready for recording in mid-1993, it was in March 1994 that the band started recording the second album. "Lesli se vraća krući" ("Lesli Returns Harder") was released in March 1995 and the vinyl edition appeared a year later. The album featured eighteen new songs, including the cover of Vatreni Poljubac song "Doktor za rokenrol" ("Doctor For Rock and Roll"). Guest appearances featured the Deca Loših Muzičara brass section, Plejboj member Dušan Petrović on saxophone, Ekatarina Velika keyboardist Margita Stefanović, former Logika Otkrića guitarist Goran Živković and Zion i Baga Baga percussionist Leša. At the time, German ska/reggae record label Pork Pie included the band's song "Skinhedi skankuju" ("Skinheads Skanking") on the various artists compilation "United Colors Of Ska Vol. 2" featuring young ska acts from all over the world.
In May 1995, the band performed at the Belgrade Dom Omladine with most of the musicians involved with the album recording. In the meantime, they decided to leave Take It Or Leave It and move to LVO Records which rereleased the band's second album. In January 1996, the band recorded a new version of "Ide voz" for Red Star football chant compilation. The band also worked on the soundtrack and appeared in the movie "Geto" ("Ghetto"), performing the song "Životinjska farma" ("Animal Farm"). On October 25 of the following year, the band performed at the Belgrade's KST when Serbian bands performed cover versions of punk rock classics. The song "Old McDonald", performed at the concert, appeared on the various artists compilation "Punk You All". The band also appeared on the various artists compilation "Svi protiv svih" ("Everybody Against Everyone"), released for the "Paket Aranžman" TV show 10th anniversary, with the tracks "Skinhedi skankuju", "Roboti od krvi i mesa" ("Blood and Flesh Robots") and "Mi volimo pivo" ("We Love Beer").
During the late 1999, the band independently rereleased the first two albums, previously available on MC and LP, on CD and released a new album, "Evo vam ga" ("Here's It To You"). The album did not feature Tošović on guitar due to his departure to Portugal and was produced by former Svarog and Overdose member Zoran Đuroski "Đura", who also recorded guitars and performed live with the band. Guest appearances featured Block Out guitarist Nikola Vranjković, Željko Markuš and the band's youth role-model Milić Vukašinović (Vatreni Poljubac leader) who did vocals on the track "Smor grad" ("Boredom Town"). The song "Naš brat" ("Our Brother") was written by Zoran Kostić "Cane" from Partibrejkers, the song "Jedite govna" ("Eat Shit") featured the theme from Cock Sparrer track "Chip On Your Shoulder", and the track "Dobro nam doš'o, direktore naš" ("A Welcome To You Executive of Ours") featured the George Bizet's "Habanera" from the opera "Carmen" and the lines from the TV show "Servisna stanica" ("Service Station") by Radivoje Lukić "Lola".
2006 – present.
In 2006, after a long hiatus, the band released their fourth album "UA direktori" ("BOO The Executives"). In the meantime, bassist Srđan Marić started playing with the band Antifriz, with whom he recorded the album "Strašno važno" ("Really Important") in 2005.
See also.
Punk in Yugoslavia

</doc>
<doc id="20807426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807426" title="Warrington &amp; Halton Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust">
Warrington &amp; Halton Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust

Warrington and Halton Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust was created on 1 December 2008 from what was formerly known as North Cheshire Hospitals NHS Trust. The trust comprises Warrington Hospital, Halton Hospital in Runcorn and Houghton Hall in Warrington and is responsible for a budget of around £200 million per annum.
4100 staff work across the hospitals and provide access to care for a population of over 500,000 people.
Warrington Hospital.
Warrington Hospital is an acute district general hospital with over 500 beds and around 3000 staff. Its services include 24 hour emergency care, maternity care and complex surgery. The accident and emergency department sees over 95,000 patients annually, and over 3,300 babies are born each year in the maternity unit. It is located in Bewsey, just outside of Warrington town centre. 
Warrington General Hospital was created from the workhouse in 1898. In 1929 it was renamed Warrington Borough Hospital and to this day is referred to as "the Borough" by many people. There were two other hospitals on the site; Aikin Street (an infectious diseases hospital) and Whitecross Hospital, which was run by the military. 
In 1973 a decision was taken to merge all three hospitals into Warrington District General Hospital. The current hospital has grown in four stages since then. 
In 1993 the government decided to separate the role of health authorities and hospitals and the hospital was handed over from Warrington Health Authority to the newly formed Warrington Hospital NHS Trust. North Cheshire Hospitals NHS Trust was formed by the merger of Warrington Hospital NHS Trust and Halton General Hospital NHS Trust in 2001. 
The hospital has undergone significant development over recent years with a rebuilt accident and emergency and coronary care unit and refurbishment of most of the wards. A new critical care unit costing £6.25 million opened in February 2009 and in late 2010 new endoscopy and eye surgery units opened in the Appleton Wing.
Halton Hospital.
In September 1976, Halton General Hospital was opened in Runcorn. It was a newly built 70-inpatient-bed hospital, next door to Runcorn Shopping City (now called Halton Lea Shopping) and part of the development of Runcorn New Town.
Halton Health Authority passed control of the hospital to the newly formed Halton General Hospitals NHS Trust in 1993. In 2001 North Cheshire Hospital NHS Trust was formed by the merger of Halton General Hospital NHS Trust and Warrington Hospital NHS Trust. 
In 2006 a reconfiguration of services saw the trust's emergency and acute medical care work centralised at Warrington Hospital and planned surgical work move to Halton General. Although Halton has never had a full accident and emergency department it retains its minor injuries unit for basic urgent care needs.
A new operating theatre opened at the hospital in 2007 to provide extra surgical services. In 2008 new step down care wards, a renal dialysis unit and an expanded chemotherapy centre opened.
The trust took ownership of the neighbouring Cheshire and Merseyside Treatment Centre in July 2012. The trust's orthopaedic surgery services will be based there - moving from Warrington Hospital in autumn 2012. The centre was previously home to a private healthcare provider. It has four operating theatres, 44 inpatient beds and a range of clinic, physio and scanning facilities.
Houghton Hall.
Opened in December 2008 this 39-bed facility in the Orford area of Warrington was run by the hospital trust and offered therapy and rehabilitation for people who no longer require medical care in an acute hospital bed but need some further support before returning home. Houghton Hall closed in March 2011 with services provided in other settings in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20807430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807430" title="Discharge Monitoring Report">
Discharge Monitoring Report

A Discharge Monitoring Report (DMR) is a United States regulatory term for a periodic water pollution report prepared by industries, municipalities and other facilities discharging to surface waters. The facilities collect wastewater samples, conduct chemical and/or biological tests of the samples, and submit reports to a state agency or the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). All point source dischargers to ”Waters of the U.S.” must obtain a National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit from the appropriate agency, and many permittees are required to file DMRs.
NPDES permits and DMR reporting process.
For permits other than stormwater permits, the agencies issue effluent limitations for specific pollutants, pursuant to the Clean Water Act (CWA). The basis for these limitations depends on the type of discharging facility, the discharge characteristics and status of the specific surface water body receiving the discharge.
Most NPDES permits require facilities to submit monthly DMRs, but some permits require seasonal or semi-annual reporting. Facilities may collect and analyze samples more frequently, e.g. weekly, and summarize the results for the prescribed reporting period. Permits typically require reporting of wastewater flow and the results of one or more chemical tests, such as pH, biochemical oxygen demand (BOD), total suspended solids (TSS), nutrients (nitrates and phosphorus), various toxic pollutants, temperature, etc. Some permits also require aquatic biomonitoring of the receiving waterbody.
Accessing DMR Data.
The CWA defines DMR data as publicly available information (except for data that would reveal trade secrets). EPA houses DMR data in two information systems, the Permit Compliance System (PCS) and the Integrated Compliance Information System (ICIS). These databases are available through EPA's "Envirofacts" website and Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO). EPA has also create the Discharge Monitoring Report (DMR) Pollutant Loading Tool to help users determine who is discharging, what pollutants they are discharging and how much, and where they are discharging. EPA also allows users to search on "who Facility-level data (which allows comparisons of a facility's air, water and solid waste compliance) are available through the agency’s Facility registry system.

</doc>
<doc id="20807446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807446" title="Natasha (EP)">
Natasha (EP)

Natasha is an EP by Pig Destroyer, released in 2008 by Relapse Records. The EP consists of one song, named "Natasha", originally included on special editions of "Terrifyer" as a DVD. The song consists of multiple songs and audio samples. Unlike Pig Destroyer's traditional grindcore sound, this showcases a doom, drone and dark ambient side of Pig Destroyer.

</doc>
<doc id="20807452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807452" title="Chris Roberts">
Chris Roberts

Chris Roberts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20807460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807460" title="Kwag Hye-Jeong">
Kwag Hye-Jeong

Kwag Hye-Jeong (born May 16, 1975) is a female South Korean handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1996 she was part of the South Korean team which who the silver medal. She played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20807469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807469" title="William Kaufmann">
William Kaufmann

William Weed Kaufmann (November 10, 1918 – December 14, 2008) was an American nuclear strategist and adviser to seven defense secretaries, who advocated for a shift from the strategy of massive retaliation against the Soviet Union in the event of a nuclear strike.
Life and career.
Kaufmann was born in Manhattan on November 10, 1918, to Charles and Antoinette Kaufmann. His father died when Kaufmann was 10 years old. He attended The Choate School in Wallingford, Connecticut, where his classmates included John F. Kennedy. He attended Yale University, earning a bachelor's degree in international studies in 1939. Kaufmann served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. After the war, he returned to Yale and earned a master's degree in 1947 and a doctorate in 1948, both in international studies.
He was on the faculty at the Yale Institute of International Studies until 1951, when he was part of a group that left and founded Princeton University's Center of International Studies. While at Princeton in the mid-1950s, he wrote "Limited War", a paper that argued for expansion of Western European conventional armies instead of a reliance on nuclear weapons to forestall an invasion by the Soviet Union. In 1956, he was hired by the RAND Corporation. He became a member of the political science faculty at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1961 and also took a position that same year with the United States Department of Defense, splitting his time between both for several years.
The vision of counterforce, developed by Kaufmann and others, was that the response to an invasion of Western Europe by the Soviet Union should be a measured sequence of responses, that would start with targeted attacks of military assets that could escalate to attacks on cities if hostilities were not suspended. The hope was that an all-out nuclear war could be avoided. The counterforce proposal stood in contrast to the massive retaliation approach advocated by United States Air Force General Curtis LeMay at Strategic Air Command in which the U.S. response to a Soviet invasion, even if they did not use nuclear weapons, would consist of nuclear attacks on all major military and civilian sites in the Soviet Union and its allies that could have resulted in hundreds of millions of deaths.
Kaufmann was hired by United States Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara after President John F. Kennedy took office, as one of McNamara's Whiz Kids. McNamara included element's of Kaufmann's counterforce proposals into the nuclear strategy he was developing.
A 1986 article in "Foreign Affairs" called Kaufmann "the man who may well be the most knowledgeable individual in this country on the defense budgets of the past quarter-century."
In a report written with John D. Steinbruner in 1991 for the Brookings Institution, after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Kaufman opined that the U.S. could meet its post-Cold War defense obligations after cutting military spending by a third. The report noted that "the future ability of the United States to maintain the conditions of its security will depend as much on its moral authority, diplomatic skills and economic assets as on its military capabilities."
Kaufmann died at age 90 on December 14, 2008, in Woburn, Massachusetts, due to complications from Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20807482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807482" title="What Can You Do to Me Now">
What Can You Do to Me Now

What Can You Do to Me Now is a 1975 album by country singer Willie Nelson. 
Released in 1975, this was a collection of LP tracks and rare singles originally issued 1965-72 by RCA.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Willie Nelson, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20807522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807522" title="The Artillery Museum of Finland">
The Artillery Museum of Finland

The Artillery Museum of Finland ("Suomen Tykistömuseo" in Finnish) is a special military museum dedicated to the history of the artillery from the 15th century to the present day. It was located in Niinisalo from 1977 to 1997. In 1997 it was relocated to Hämeenlinna.
History.
A museum dedicated to the field artillery was discussed in Finland already in the 1930s but the war years put an end to that discussion. The idea was revived again in the beginning of the 1970s. A possibility of establishing the museum seemed feasible but the location was problematic. Proximity of some large artillery garrison was considered best for the museum.
In the heart of Satakunta, in Niinisalo, a suitable building was found. An empty school of Saloharju was rented to Tykkimiehet Association by the borough of Kankaanpää. The large artillery garrison of Niinisalo was placed quite near. The museum was founded in the 2nd July 1977 in Niinisalo under the name Artillery Museum ("Tykistömuseo" in Finnish). The great public did not, however, quite find its way to the museum, probably because of its remoteness.
A campaign for finding a new location was launched. Linnankasarmi at Hämeenlinna, with its vacant barracks, begun to feel attractive. The new Artillery Museum was opened to the public on the 12th of May, 1997.
The name of the museum was changed 1.1.2004 to The Artillery Museum of Finland.
Location and opening hours.
The Artillery Museum of Finland is located at Hämeenlinna in the Linnakasarmi area. The buildings of Linnankasarmi date back to the Russian regime, to the Autonomy 1809–1917. The construction of the barracks started in 1850 and was completed in 1913. The archaeological committee values Linnankasarmi quite highly as a traditional military area and prehistoric site because the medieval town of Hämeenlinna has once been here and its remains are still under the barrack yard. Moreover, Häme Castle is right next door and its century's long tradition includes also artillery.
The Artillery Museum of Finland is open all year round 
24.8.-31.3 open from 11 to 17 and 1.4-23.8 open from 10 to 18
In the museum there is also a cafeteria run by the volunteer women who work with conscripts.
Permanent exhibition.
The permanent exhibition displays in three floors the history of artillery in Finland and the military history on the nation.
First floor.
On the ground floor of the main building the birth of our artillery centuries ago is on display. The story proceeds from the War of Finland 1808-1809 through the period of Autonomy to the Finnish Civil War and to the Jäger Movement. A muzzleloader called Helvig, a cannon dating back to the War of Finland 1808-1809 is one of the guns worth mentioning. On the center passage of each floor there are projectiles from different periods and different guns.
Second floor.
The second floor brings the visitor to the times of the winter and Continuation Wars. The firing methods of the field artillery and of the subjects connected, demonstrate the high technical know-how of the Finnish artillery. The study of the Artillery General Vilho Nenonen is also in this floor. The proto type of the Nenon – camera is on display in this room. The floor of the artillery veterans ends with the present time and with its objects. Special branches, such as artillery intelligence, communications and survey activities are placed on this floor. On display is also the uniform of Väinö Myllyrinne, the largest Finnish soldier ever at 226 centimeters some 7 foot and 5 inches tall.
Third floor.
The third floor displays the life of the Marshal of Finland, Carl Gustav Emil Mannerheim and for example the honorary gun, a Finnish 105 H 37 light howitzer on which gun carriage Mannerheim was escorted to the eternal rest in the winter 1951 is on display. Also is shown the life in the Finnish army after the Second World War and the technological development of artillery is also given special consideration.
Gun hall.
The gun collection of the museum is unique, the most comprehensive in the Scandinavia. As far as it is known there is no other museum outside Russia with a collection on Russian and Soviet artillery equipment as exhaustive as this. The amount of the pieces in the museum is now 90 different cannons plus heavy grenade launchers and rocket launchers. In the gun hall are located the rarest guns in the museum.
Gun yard.
The majority of guns in the museum are located at the gun yard. On the honorary place in the gun yard, with the flag of the Artillery Museum as a color guard, there is the funeral gun of the Artillery General, Mannerheim Cross Knight Vilho Nenonen, a Finnish 105 H 37 light howitzer.
Special exhibitions.
A new special exhibition "Artillery themed tin toys" opened in April 2010.
Auditorium.
In the auditoriums are shown the multimedia video films:
"The miracle of Ihantala", based on the defensive victory in the summer 1944 on the Karelian Isthmus
"Victory in wilderness", which is about the successful counter-attack in the wilderness of Ilomantsi in the summer 1944
"The last battle in Ladoga Karelia", the third film is also of the battles in the summer 1944, this time in Ladoga Karelia.
The Russo-Finnish Winter War of 1939-1940", the first defensive victory
The road to continuation war in 1940-1941, how Finland ended up allying itself with Germany against Russia.
The museum has also an interactive system "The artillery system of Finland in different times" on computers, which illustrates us the development of artillery from the 13th century to the present times.

</doc>
<doc id="20807533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807533" title="Preservation Iowa">
Preservation Iowa

Preservation Iowa, formerly called the Iowa Historic Preservation Alliance (IHPA), was founded in 1989 by members of the public concerned about the destruction of significant historic sites and buildings in the state of Iowa. 
Preservation Iowa sponsors two programs, Iowa’s Most Endangered Properties and Preservation at its Best Awards. Currently, it is undertaking initiatives to document barns, country schools, and small-town movie theaters. Preservation Iowa and the National Trust for Historic Preservation are combining efforts to document and mitigate the effects of the 2008 Iowa floods on historic structures.
Preservation Iowa publishes the "Iowa Preservationist" quarterly.
The 2008 Preservation Iowa "Iowa's Most Endangered Properties" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20807534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807534" title="Acústico MTV (O Rappa album)">
Acústico MTV (O Rappa album)

Acústico MTV () is the sixth album by Brazilian band O Rappa and their second live album. It was produced by Carlos Eduardo Miranda. It is distributed through Warner Music.
It was recorded in May 2005 in São Paulo. The crowd was made up of only friends of the band and members of the official fan club.
See also.
Official Site

</doc>
<doc id="20807541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807541" title="Designing Women (film)">
Designing Women (film)

"Designing" Women, also known as House of Cards, was a 1934 British film directed by Ivar Campbell and written by N.W. Baring-Pemberton.

</doc>
<doc id="20807548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807548" title="Brockway Area School District">
Brockway Area School District

The Brockway Area School District in a small, rural public school district located in north west Pennsylvania, USA. The District encompasses approximately spanning portions of two counties. In Elk County it covers a small portion of Horton Township. In Jefferson County it covers the Borough of Brockway and Polk Township, Snyder Township and Washington Township. The district operates one elementary school and Brockway Area Junior/Senior High School. The District is with the Riverview Intermediate Unit 6 region. The Intermediate Unit provides support services and therapy to special education students. It also provides training to school personnel.
According to District officials, in the 2009-10 school year, the Brockway Area School District provided basic educational services to 1,054 pupils through the employment of 86 teachers, 49 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 11 administrators. Brockway Area School District again received more than $9 million in state funding for school year 2009-10. In 2007-08, Brockway Area School District had 1,150 pupils enrolled. It employed 89 teachers, 50 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 9 administrators. Brockway Area School District received more than $9 million in state funding in school year 2007-08.
Demographics.
According to 2000 federal census data, Brockway Area School District served a resident population of 8,455. The resident population declined to 7,537 people in 2010. In 2009, the district residents’ per capita income was $17,828, while the median family income was $40,732. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010.
Governance.
Brockway Area School District is governed by a locally elected, 9 member board (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring on grade level reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "F" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Brockway Area School District was ranked 349th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts in 2012, by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated on the last three years of the PSSAs for: reading, writing math and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2011, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Brockway Area School District ranked 201st. In 2010, the district was 313th. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
Brockway Area School District has achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP), under the No Child Left Behind Act every year since 2003 when the assessments began. In 2011, Brockway Area School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance.
Graduation rate.
In 2011 and 2012, Brockway Area School District's graduation rate was 92%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Brockway Junior Senior High School's rate was 92% for 2010.
Junior Senior High School.
Brockway Junior Senior High School is located at 100 Alexander Street, Brockway. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 490 pupils in grades 7th through 12th, with 186 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch. The school employed 40 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. In 2010 through 2012, Brockway Junior Senior High School achieved AYP status.
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 18% of the Brockway Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
Brockway Senior High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
Graduation requirements.
Brockway Area School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 24 credits to graduate, including: Math - 4 credits, English 4 credits, social studies 3 credits, science 4 credits, Arts and Humanities 2 credits, Health and Physical Education 2 credits and electives 6 credits.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Beginning with the Class of 2015, students will be required to have 4 science credits At Brockway the stduents must complete 4 out of 5 choices: participate in at least 2 Career Activities; Complete a Career Interest Survey; Complete a Formal Resume; Participate in two community volunteer projects, activities or organizations and participate in two job shadowing experiences.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, for the graduating class of 2017, students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, English Composition, and Literature for which the Keystone Exams serve as the final course exams. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 68 Brockway Area School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 464. The Math average score was 483. The Writing average score was 454. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
From January to June 2011, 45 Brockway students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 491. The Math average score was 512. The Writing average score was 466. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Seventh Eighth grades.
PSSA Results: 
7th Grade Reading
7th Grade Math:
Elementary School.
Brockway Area Elementary School is located at 40 North Street, Brockway. In 2010, the school had 565 students enrolled in grades kindergarten through 6th grade, with 268 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 41 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. In 2010 through 2012, Brockway Area Elementary School achieved AYP status.
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Special education.
In December 2010, the district administration reported that 144 pupils or 13% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 48% of identified students having a specific learning disability. In December 2009, the District administration reported that 147 pupils or 13% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 47.6% of the identified pupils having specific learning disabilities.
In order to comply with state and federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act rules and regulations, the school district engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress . To identify students who may be eligible for special education services, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Special Education administration. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district's Special Education Department.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each district to have a three year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Overidentification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education.
Brockway Area School District received a $698,231 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2012-13 and 2011-12 school years, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 63 or 5.74% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Enrollment.
Brockway Area School District has a low enrollment which is projected to continue to decline through 2015. The Class of 2013 has 58 pupils. The class of 2011, was 79 pupils. The Class of 2007 had 90 pupils.
Over the next 10 years, rural Pennsylvania school enrollment is projected to decrease 8 percent. The most significant enrollment decline is projected to be in western Pennsylvania, where rural school districts may have a 16 percent decline. More than 40 percent of elementary schools and more than 60 percent of secondary schools in western Pennsylvania are projected to experience significant enrollment decreases (15 percent or greater). As the enrollment declines, per pupil administrative costs of the schools continue to rise.
Pennsylvania has one of the highest numbers of school districts in the United States. In Pennsylvania, 80% of school districts serve student populations under 5,000, and 40% serve less than 2,000. Less than 95 of Pennsylvania's 501 school districts had enrollment below 1250 students, in 2007. This results in excessive school administration bureaucracy and not enough course diversity. In a survey of 88 superintendents of small districts, 42% of the 49 respondents stated that they thought consolidation would save money without closing any schools. In March 2011, the Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants released a report finding that the state would save hundreds of millions of tax doallars, by cutting the number of school administrations in half through consolidation, with no impact on programs offered to students.
Budget.
In 2011, the average teacher salary in Brockway Area School District was $50,590 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers receive was $17,018 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $67,609.
In 2009, Brockway Area School District reported employing 125 teachers and administrators with a starting salary of $31,840, a median salary of $52,968 and a top salary of $110,000. Brockway Area School District teachers work 7.5 hours a day with a 30-minute duty-free lunch and a daily preparation period. The work year is 183 days. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance (employee contributes $360 per year), dental insurance, vision insurance, life insurance, group long term disability insurance, professional development reimbursement, 3 paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, up to 5 paid bereavement days, and other benefits.
In 2007, the district employed 81 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $50,185 for the 180 student days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation.
Brockway Area School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $754.44 per pupil. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union.
In 2008, Brockway Area School District administration reported that per pupil spending was $11,529 which ranked 337th among Pennsylvania's 501 public school districts. In 2010, the District's per pupil spending had increased to $11,681.16 Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759.
Reserves In 2008, the Brockway Area School District reported a balance of $1,521,132 in an unreserved-designated fund. The unreserved-undesignated fund balance was reported as $8,798,727. In 2010, Brockway Area Administration reported an increase to $11,154,096 in the unreserved-undesignated fund balance, while the unreserved-designated fund having a balance of zero. Pennsylvania school district reserve funds are divided into two categories – designated and undesignated. The undesignated funds are not committed to any planned project. Designated funds and any other funds, such as capital reserves, are allocated to specific projects. School districts are required by state law to keep 5 percent of their annual spending in the undesignated reserve funds to preserve bond ratings. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, from 2003 to 2010, as a whole, Pennsylvania school districts amassed nearly $3 billion in reserved funds.
In October 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the District. The findings were reported to the school board and administration. In December 2012, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted another performance audit of the District.
Students who live in the District's attendance range may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. Or a student living in a neighboring public school district may seek admission to Brockway Area School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the District's schools. Elementary School - $8,985.70, High School - $10,087.22 
The district is funded by a combination of: a local income tax - 1%, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the level of the individual’s personal wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012-13 school year, Brockway Area School District received $6,819,100. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block grant program. The District received $79,760 in Accountability Block Grant funds.
In 2011-12, Brockway Area School District received a $6,739,340 allocation of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, Brockway Area School District received $79,760 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget includes $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. In 2010, the district reported that 434 students received free or reduced-price lunches, due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
For the 2010-2011 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding to Brockway Area School District for a total of $7,064,390. Among the districts in Jefferson County, the highest increase went to Brookville Area School District which got a 2.23% increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in Basic Education Funding in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where a district received at least the same amount as the year before, even where enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of increase each school district receives was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. This was the second year of Governor Rendell's policy to fund some districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009-10 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2.77% increase, in Basic Education Funding to Brockway Area School District, for a total of $6,925,873. Among the public school districts in Jefferson County, the highest increase went to Punxsutawney Area School District which got a 3.19%. The state Basic Education Funding provided to Brockway Area School District in 2008-09 was $6,739,340.28. Ninety school districts statewide received a base 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. The amount of increase each school district receives was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and the Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 412 district students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010-11, Brockway Area School District applied for and received $216,490 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The District used the funding to provide full-day kindergarten.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. The Brockway Area School District did not apply to participate in 2006-07 or in 2007-08. The district received $83,715 in 2008-09. In Jefferson County, the highest award, $807,235, was given to Punxsutawney Area School District. The highest funding state wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073.
Other grants.
Brockway Area School District did not participate in the following grants: PA Department of Environmental Protection Environmental Education grants, Science Its Elementary grants, Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant, nor the federal 21st Century Learning Grants and Safe Schools Target grant 2012.
Common Cents state initiative.
Brockway Area School Board elected to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The district received an extra $2,203,974 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was limited to the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly advised to use the funds for one-time expenditures like acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top grant.
District officials applied for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided over one million dollars in additional federal funding to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2012-13 were set by the school board at 16.0000 mills in Jefferson County and mills in 20.8500 Elk County. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. The school district includes municipalities in two counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, necessitating a State board equalization of the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the State Tax Equalization Board were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region.
According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. The average yearly property tax paid by Jefferson County residents amounts to about 2.52% of their yearly income. Jefferson County is ranked 949th of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. The average yearly property tax paid by Elk County residents amounts to about 2.89% of their yearly income. Elk County is ranked 668th for property taxes as a percentage of median income.
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six of the ten the exceptions to the Act 1 Index. The following exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Brockway Area School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Brockway Area School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011-12 school year, the Brockway Area School Board did not apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year, the Brockway Area School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
The Brockway Area School Board did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011. For 2009-10 school budget, the board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Index. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Brockway Area School District was $167 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 2,112 property owners applied for the tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Jefferson County, 42% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. In Jefferson County, the highest amount of tax relief in 2010, went to property owners in Brookville Area School District which was $206. The highest property tax relief in Pennsylvania went to the residents of Chester Upland School District of Delaware County who received $632 per approved homestead. This was the third year they were the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently, individual with income much more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and an extensive and costly sports program. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="20807600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807600" title="Lionel Robert Ashburner">
Lionel Robert Ashburner

Lionel Robert Ashburner (1827 in Tasmania – 1907 in Marylebone, London) was the Acting governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 13 March 1880 to 28 April 1880.
Biography.
Lionel, son of William Page Ashburner, was a civil servant in India where he became Director G J P Railway. His wife's name was Hester Maria. On the 14th of July 1873 he married Emily Caroline Haggard at Kirkee, Bombay.

</doc>
<doc id="20807601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807601" title="Kohistan District, Kapisa">
Kohistan District, Kapisa

Kohistan, also transliterated Kuhistan, Kuhiston ( 'mountainous land'), is the northern district of Kapisa province. The district is famous for its sweet mulberries, grapes, apricots and pomegranates. Yearly, thousands of visitors spend their weekends in picnic place called sayaad along the Panjshir river that flows into Sourubi lake. The population was 100,200 (2006), mainly Persian speaking Tajik.
Geography.
The district is located at the crossroads with Parwan and Panjshir provinces.
History.
The Kohistani Tajiks proved to be the most powerful and best organized groups that fought against the British occupation of Kabul in 1879 to 1880 in the Second Anglo-Afghan War. During the war against USSR, Kohistan was one of the strongholds and headquarters for the Mujaheddin and later on it was one of the last remaining areas that was not in control of the Taliban. The district was the front line against the Taliban, the people in district fought very hard and bravely to counter the attacks of the Taliban many times; and in one particular case the people of the district were forced to evacuate their homes and villages completely because of a taliban attack.
In 2005 the district was dissolved and was split into two new districts:

</doc>
<doc id="20807603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807603" title="Jean-Baptiste Chaudié">
Jean-Baptiste Chaudié

Jean-Baptiste Chaudié (born 28 February 1853) was a French colonial administrator.
He was the first governor general of French West Africa (AP), established by a decree of 16 June 1895.
He governed French West Africa from 16 June 1895 to 1 November 1900.
During his term of office, his eventual successor Noël Ballay was twice acting governor, from 15 July to 2 October 1987 and from 28 July to 13 November 1898.
At the turn of the century Senegal was decimated by an epidemic of yellow fever, fatal to many Europeans. 
Chaudié returned to France after catching the disease and was replaced by Ballay.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20807623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807623" title="James Peile (governor)">
James Peile (governor)

James Braithwaite Peile was the Acting governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 27 March 1885 to 30 March 1885.
References.
James Peile
Peile, Sir James Braithwaite (1833–1906), administrator in India

</doc>
<doc id="20807630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807630" title="Herbert Mills Birdwood">
Herbert Mills Birdwood

Herbert Mills Birdwood, CSI, LL.D. (1837–1907) was the Acting governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 16 February 1895 to 18 February 1895. 
Birdwood was educated at Plymouth Grammar School, at Exeter, at Edinburgh University and at Peterhouse, Cambridge. He was a Bye-Fellow of Peterhouse, and gained the degree (LL.D.). In October 1901 he was elected an Honorary Fellow of Peterhouse.
Birdwood moved to Bombay, and became a Vice-Chancellor of the University of Bombay. He was a Member of the Council of the Governor of Bombay, and briefly acted as Governor in 1895.
He married Edith Marion Sidonie Impey the daughter of Sergeant-Major Elijah George Halhed Impey. They had six children including Halhed Brodrick Birdwood, who eventually held the rank of Brigadier General in the British military and William Birdwood, 1st Baron Birdwood, who held the rank of Field Marshal.

</doc>
<doc id="20807631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807631" title="Bill Guckeyson">
Bill Guckeyson

John William "Bill" Guckeyson (; date of birth unknown – May 21, 1944) was an American athlete and military aviator. He was the first University of Maryland football player selected in the NFL Draft. Guckeyson was killed in combat as a fighter pilot during the Second World War.
Early life and college career.
Guckeyson was born in Chevy Chase, Maryland and graduated from Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School in 1933. While there, he played basketball, soccer, and competed in track & field. In 1932, at the Maryland state track meet, he set the state shot put record at 50 feet (15 meters), which stood for 28 years. There, it is reported that Guckeyson also won the 100-yard dash event with a recorded time of 10.2 seconds. He was the captain of the basketball team for two years and the varsity soccer team for three years. Despite his high school not having a football team at the time, Guckeyson was awarded a football scholarship to attend Maryland based upon his soccer-playing ability.
He attended college at the University of Maryland where he played football, basketball, and baseball, and ran track. In these athletic fields, Guckeyson compiled nine letters during his four years at Maryland. He set the school javelin throw record at 204 ft, 5 in (62.22 meters). In both 1935 and 1936, he was named an All-Southern Conference football player and an honorable-mention All-American. Frank Dobson—who coached football for forty years at Georgia, Clemson, South Carolina, Richmond, and Maryland—said Guckeyson was the best athlete he had known. During his senior year, Guckeyson was elected class president.
Military career.
Upon graduation from Maryland, Guckeyson was selected by the Philadelphia Eagles in the sixth round of the 1937 NFL Draft, making him the first Maryland player ever selected. However, he turned down offers to play professional sports, and instead accepted a nomination to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point. While there, Guckeyson was no longer eligible to play football, but was named a first-team All-American in soccer in 1941. Once again, he was elected as class president.
Guckeyson graduated from West Point in 1942 and received a commission as an officer in the United States Army. He again turned down offers for a professional sports career when the former Washington Senators manager, Clark Griffith, and pitcher, Walter Johnson, asked him to join the major league. He attended flight school and was certified as a fighter pilot in the United States Army Air Forces before being deployed overseas in December 1942.
As a fighter pilot, Guckeyson earned a Purple Heart, three Air Medals, and two Distinguished Flying Crosses—the fourth-highest award for combat valor in flight. While serving in the 375th Fighter Squadron, 361st Fighter Group, Guckeyson flew a P-47 Thunderbolt ("Contrary Mary") and, after his unit transitioned to the newer airframe, a P-51 Mustang (serial: 42-103349) fighter aircraft. He was credited with at least 2.5 enemy aircraft kills in aerial combat: two Me-109 fighters and a Ju-188 night fighter, which was destroyed with the assistance of another pilot. Guckeyson was reportedly killed on a strafing run on 21 May 1944 when his P-51 Mustang fighter was shot down. At the time of his death, he had attained the rank of captain, and his remains were interred in France. His remains are interred at the Lorraine American Cemetery and Memorial in Saint-Avold, France.
In 1955, Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School named its athletic playing field Guckeyson Memorial Stadium in his honor. He was inducted into the Touchdown Club Hall of Fame, and in 1982, the University of Maryland Athletic Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20807633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807633" title="Country Willie">
Country Willie

Country Willie is a 1975 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20807639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807639" title="James Monteath">
James Monteath

Sir James Monteath CIE was the acting governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 5 September 1903 to 12 December 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20807663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807663" title="Christmas with The Chipmunks, Vol. 2">
Christmas with The Chipmunks, Vol. 2

Christmas with The Chipmunks, Vol. 2 is a Christmas music album by Alvin and the Chipmunks, released in 1963, and contains 12 tracks. The tracks in this and its predecessor—"Christmas with The Chipmunks"—have been in continuous circulation since their original releases, however, at some point since the late 1980s, the cover for Volume 1 was given to Volume 2 and vice versa, with the volume number and tracks listing remaining the same. Both albums were combined for the 2007 re-release "Christmas with The Chipmunks (2007)".
Like "Christmas with The Chipmunks", this volume contained 11 traditional holiday songs and one original composition by Ross Bagdasarian, Sr. ("Wonderful Day"). The original "Christmas with The Chipmunks" contained the massive 1958 hit "The Chipmunk Song (Christmas Don't Be Late)".

</doc>
<doc id="20807688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807688" title="Artillery museum">
Artillery museum

An artillery museum is a museum exhibiting the history and artifacts of artillery. In addition to actual or replica ordnance (guns, mortars, ammunition, etc.), exhibits can include photographs, maps, models, dioramas, clothing and equipment used by gunners.
Artillery museums may be owned by national, regional or local governments or entities, or by private associations. They may display their equipment only statically or in working order (e.g.: self-propelled guns).
Some museums have sets of periodicals, technical manuals, photographs and personal archives. These are often made available to researchers for use in writing articles or books, or to restoration specialists.

</doc>
<doc id="20807692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807692" title="Tommy Campbell (actor)">
Tommy Campbell (actor)

Tommy Campbell (born October 6, 1978) is a stand-up comedian, actor and writer. He is a dual-citizen of Ireland and Canada.
Comedian.
Tommy Campbell is known for his spur of the moment responses to UberFacts' tweets. Typically these tweets are only vaguely related, intentionally 2 edgy 4 me; and are known to be compared to the kind of humor presented by age 12 boys who recently discovered Urban Dictionary.
Writer.
Tommy Campbell is a member of the Writers' Guild of Great Britain. His screenplay "The Vile" was a winner at the 2011 Nevada Film Festival and his videos Undercover Boss - Pimp and Saxophone Hero have been featured on the front page of Funny or Die.
Author.
The Halifax Herald Limited, April 10, 2003
"Hip and hilarious...His funny and often insightful stories are sure to strike a chord." 
Fast Forward Weekly, VOL 8 NO 41 September 18, 2003
"...Riotous collection of tales of debauchery, revenge and teenage employees with way too much time on their hands..."
Voice over.
Tommy Campbell is known for his warm, heroic voice. He has a wide range and has doubled for several characters and people from Ben 10 to George Clooney. He has lent his voice to several projects including:

</doc>
<doc id="20807711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807711" title="North Wales Hospital">
North Wales Hospital

The North Wales Hospital (locally known as Denbigh Mental or Denbigh Asylum) is a Grade II listed building. Designed by architect Thomas Full James, building started in 1844 and completed in 1848. Once a hospital for people with psychiatric illnesses, at its maximum capacity it could house 200 patients. It is located in Denbigh, Denbighshire, Wales.
History.
Designed by architect Thomas Full James to originally accommodate between 60 and 200 patients, the hospital originally had its own farm and gasworks. Planned for closure by Enoch Powell from the 1960s, it was closed in sections from 1991 to 2002.
In popular culture.
Now derelict, on October 31, 2008, Living TV's Most Haunted did a live series, "The Village of the Damned" on location in the North Wales Hospital which spanned over the course of a week. The producers of the show were criticised by residents of Denbigh for slurs against the town and the hospital.
Present.
On 22 November 2008, during work to renovate the building site and convert it to apartments and residential properties, the building caught fire; it was later confirmed that the main hall of the hospital was destroyed. Arson was suspected.
Currently on the buildings at risk register, planning permission has currently lapsed. In 2011 the building was at risk of collapsing and no action was taken by the owners after an urgent works notice was issued, Denbighshire Council had no choice but to carry out repairs on the building which has reached £930,000. In 2013, Denbighshire Council voted to press ahead with a compulsory purchase order on the building; the council, however, wish to reach an agreement with the owners before taking legal action. An estimated cost of repairing the building is £1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20807726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807726" title="Andy Martin (American musician)">
Andy Martin (American musician)

Andy Martin is an American virtuoso jazz trombonist. Among other acts, he is a member of Gordon Goodwin's Big Phat Band and the Bill Holman big band. He has played in over 100 movies, including the trombone solo in the opening credits of "Monsters, Inc." He has played on television shows such as "Family Guy", "King of the Hill", "Dancing with the Stars", and "American Dad". Martin was also the lead trombone on the show "American Idol" in seasons 1-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20807756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807756" title="Ovidiu Iacov">
Ovidiu Iacov

Ovidiu Nicolae Iacov (18 July 1981 - 21 December 2001) was a Romanian footballer. During his career he played only for Steaua Bucureşti.
He debuted in Divizia A on 9 June 2000, in Mediaş, scoring a goal in a 3-1 win for his team, Steaua. This was to be his only goal scored in Divizia A, in 4 matches played.
Died in a car accident, his Volkswagen crashed into a concrete sidewall near Valea Voievozilor, Târgovişte. Iacov was established to have been driving under the influence of alcohol, without licence, late at night. Three other players from Chindia Târgovişte were riding with him on the back seats, but they all escaped with minor injuries. The driver's girlfriend, on the passenger seat, also died.

</doc>
<doc id="20807774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807774" title="Château de Caudon">
Château de Caudon

The Château de Caudon is a château located near the town of Domme, in the Dordogne Department of the region of Aquitaine in France.
Located on a hill above the left bank of the Dordogne River, the château dates to the Louis XVI-French Empire period. A Garden à la française and French landscape garden were created around the chateau between 1808 and 1814 by the Marquis Jacques de Malville, one of the authors of the French Civil Code. The garden features an alley of thirty-two plane trees, all nearly two hundred years old; a topiary garden of boxwood hedges, and labyrinth ; a Cedar of Lebanon tree and a giant sequoia. The gardens are classified by the French Ministry of Culture as one of the notable gardens of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20807800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807800" title="Penny Hughes (As the World Turns)">
Penny Hughes (As the World Turns)

Penny Cunningham (nee Hughes; formerly Baker, Wade and McGuire) is a fictional character from the daytime drama As the World Turns. She is one of the core cast members. Prinz herself described the character as "America’s sweetheart at the time".
Casting.
Rosemary Prinz originated the role of Penny in the first episode of "As the World Turns". Prinz recalled the on-set tension with the show's creator Irna Phillips, who had fired the show's leading cast member Helen Wagner six months into the show because she didn't like the way she poured coffee. "Irna did not like my going out and doing plays," she recalled, "I was twenty-five when I was hired to play Penny. I thought I was going to stay five years at the most. I stayed for twelve. I did the twelve because I still needed to pay for my analysis. After those twelve years, analysis made me as uncrazy as I was going to or wanted to be."
Prinz claimed she would often deal Phillips threats back stage. "I would tell I was going to get pregnant." A focal point of Penny's angst was her inability to have children. "I would constantly have to tell Irna that I was Rosemary, not Penny. Penny was a character."
Storyline.
Penny and Jeff.
One of the first love stories of the show was that of Penny Hughes and Jeff Baker. When they fell in love Penny's mother, Nancy Hughes disapproved of the relationship. Penny then accused her mother of loving her dead sister more than her. Penny eloped with Jeff and they were going to run away but decided to turn around. Nancy insisted the marriage be annulled. 
Al James, one of their classmates, called Penny a tramp and teased Jeff so one day Jeff got into a fight with him and ended up killing him and being charged with murder. Penny started to date Tom Pope and Nancy was happy. 
When Tom overheard Jeff declare his love for Penny, Tom left her and she and Jeff get married in a church. Jeff's mother Grace wanted him to resign for the business but when Jeff overheard that he began to drink and left Oakdale and went to another town and assumed the name of Jack Baily.
Penny was saddened by it and Nancy wanted her to divorce Jeff but she wouldn't. Penny and Greg Williams made a date which Meg Blaine overheard and doesn't tell her Jeff is in the hospital. Jeff returned to town and Penny was about to divorce him but decided to take him back. They get married again with their parents blessing' but tragedy struck when they got into a car accident which killed Jeff instantly and put Penny into a coma.
Penny's new love.
As Penny was walking in the park she met a guy by the name of Neil Wade. Neil was really a doctor but didn't want anybody to know that but they soon found out. Penny and Neil marry and live in an apartment. Neil then decided to open the "Wade Book Shop."
The accident left Penny with a bout of amnesia. With no memory of who she was, Penny became friends with Neil Wade and started to fall in love with him. Neil was estranged from his mother and Penny felt an urge to help them reconcile. Then, finally, on one stormy night, Penny finally regained her memory. Realizing that Jeff had been killed in the accident, distraught, Penny ran out into the rain calling his name. After dealing with Jeff's death, Penny soon married Neil. During this time, Neil's family pressured him into returning to medicine. However, the stress of medicine became too much for him and, when he almost lost a patient due to his ineptness, he lashed out at everyone and quit. Finally, he realized that Penny was not the cause of his problems and, with some help from his father, Dr. Doug Cassen, he opened a bookstore. For the next few years the Wades were blissfully happy until Neil's tragic death.
Several years later, Penny found romance again with Roy McGuire, her sister-in-law, Sandy's, ex-husband. When Sandy became ill, Penny helped Roy care for his son, Jimmy. Soon, Penny became attached to Jimmy and convinced Roy to marry her so that they could get custody. Eventually, though Roy decided that Jimmy belonged with his mother and dropped the suit. Realizing that she only married Roy because of Jimmy, Penny had the marriage annulled. Feeling that Oakdale had nothing left to offer, Penny moved to New York City and later England where she met and married Anton Cunningham, a race car driver.
In 1972, Penny sent her adopted daughter, Amy Lin, to stay with Nancy and Chris when she had a major disagreement with Anton. A well-spoken, intelligent young lady, Amy was welcomed warmly by the Hugheses but felt like an outcast with most of the Americans her age. Penny’s nephew, Tom, discovered that Amy's grandmother, Mrs. Parsons, was by coincidence, a resident of Oakdale and a patient of Dr. Rick Ryan's. Mrs. Parsons and her husband were overjoyed to find their granddaughter. However, uncomfortable in her new surroundings, Amy soon returned to Penny and Anton in England.
Later years.
Penny has returned to Oakdale on occasion, including her parents' 50th anniversary, her father's funeral, her mother's 80th birthday (during which she uttered the immortal line, ""Who are all these people?"" when a flock of new characters interrupted Nancy's party). In 2000 Penny returned for a Christmas visit paid for by Emily Stewart, Ellen's granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20807806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807806" title="Sociological Insight">
Sociological Insight

Sociological Insight is a fully refereed reviewed undergraduate research journal sponsored by The University of Texas at Austin. The journal publishes first-rate undergraduate research from all over the world on topics with sociological relevance, broadly defined. Around seven academic manuscripts are published annually at the end of the spring academic semester. Submitters are entered into a paper competition and the top three papers are awarded monetary prizes.
"Sociological Insight" is currently the only undergraduate research journal in sociology which caters to undergraduate researchers worldwide. Each academic manuscript is reviewed by at least a faculty member, a graduate student, and an undergraduate, selected from all over the United States. "Sociological Insight" also features research notes and reviews of recent books in the social sciences. The first issue of "Sociological Insight" was published in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20807820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807820" title="Mike Erre">
Mike Erre

Mike Erre was voted into the position of senior pastor at the First Evangelical Free Church of Fullerton in Fullerton, California on June 10, 2012. Before this he was lead pastor at Mariners Church Mission Viejo Campus, August 2010 through June 2012, after being the lead Teaching Pastor at Rock Harbor Church, an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Costa Mesa, California. 
Erre holds an M.A. in Philosophy of Religion and Ethics from Biola University's Talbot School of Theology in La Mirada, California. He is a member of the "Conversant Life" forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20807823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807823" title="Franca Bettoia">
Franca Bettoia

Franca Bettoia (or Bettoja; born 14 May 1936) is an Italian actress.
Born in Rome, she made her first film appearance in "Un palco all'opera "(1955, by Siro Marcellini). The following year she appeared in "Los amantes del desierto "("Desert Warrior", a Spanish-Italian desert epic starring Ricardo Montalban, Carmen Sevilla and Gino Cervi. She next appeared opposite Pietro Germi in "L'uomo di paglia " (1958), and opposite Macha Méril and Jacques Charrier in the French production "La main chaude "(1960, by Gérard Oury). She appeared as a nun in "Apocalisse sul Fiume Giallo" ("The Dam on the Yellow River", 1960), an anti-Communist propaganda film which portrays the victory of Mao Zedong's People's Liberation Army as seen through the eyes of an American journalist (Georges Marchal) reporting from the side of the nationalists. In 1961, she starred opposite Alan Ladd in "Orazi e Curiazi "("Duel of the Champions"), a sword and sandals adventure set in ancient Rome.
In 1964, Bettoia co-starred with Vincent Price in the horror/science fiction film "The Last Man on Earth "(1964, by Ubaldo Ragone and Sidney Salkow), the first screen adaptation of Richard Matheson's novel "I Am Legend". She then played a princess in the adventure films "Sandokan alla riscossa " (1964) and "Sandokan contro il leopardo di Sarawak "(1964). In 1967 she appeared as Ugo Tognazzi’s lover in the comedy "Il fischio al naso "("The Seventh Floor", 1967). Bettoia and Tognazzi married in 1972. They had a daughter, film director Maria Sole Tognazzi.
Bettoia acted in only three more films after "Il fischio al naso". In the comedy "Riusciranno i nostri eroi a ritrovare l'amico misteriosamente scomparso in Africa? "(1968, by Ettore Scola) she starred alongside Alberto Sordi and Bernard Blier. In "Touche pas à la femme blanche "("Don’t Touch the White Woman", directed by Marco Ferreri in 1974) she starred alongside Catherine Deneuve, Marcello Mastroianni and Michel Piccoli. Her last film, "Teste rasate "(1993) is a drama about skinheads, in which her son, Gianmarco Tognazzi, plays the lead role.

</doc>
<doc id="20807824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807824" title="James Fulton">
James Fulton

James Fulton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20807826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807826" title="Jim Almgren Gândara">
Jim Almgren Gândara

Jim Almgren Gândara (born 2 May 1986, Gothenburg and raised in Härnösand) is a Swedish singer, and former guitarist in the American rock band Carolina Liar. Gândara was a contestant on the Swedish "Idol 2005", being cut just before the Top 10. He is currently the lead vocalist of the Swedish rock band Snöblind (Snowblind).

</doc>
<doc id="20807839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807839" title="Pygeum">
Pygeum

Pygeum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20807881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807881" title="Tony Murtagh">
Tony Murtagh

Tony Murtagh was born in Manchester in 1960. He left school at 16 to pursue a career in business that would see him appear in "The Times" Rich List and entrepreneur of the year lists.
Tony Murtagh started his first business aged 21 and sold it a year later to inject cash into his father's finance brokerage.
Following the recession of the late 1980s, Murtagh moved to Cornwall with just two staff. Between 1995 and 2004, Murtagh built The Mortgage Group into the UK's largest specialist mortgage broker, with over 800 staff. The company was not without controversy as some customers accused the company of "targeting borrowers with a bad credit history, overcharging on brokerage fees and mis-selling expensive payment protection policies" and was the subject of a BBC "Panorama" investigation.
When he sold the company to GE Money in 2004, they were originating over 1,000 mortgages a month with GE, with a value of over £1 billion a year. Profits stood at over £1 million each month for the two years prior to the sale.
In 2005, Tony set up The Money Group, based on a similar business model to The Mortgage Group. In 2004 the Money Group was criticised in court for a loan that was "grossly exorbitant".
Since moving to Cornwall Murtagh has owned or operated local companies Not all of these companies however have been a success with Baltic Pine Conservatories on the Bickland Industrial Estate going into administration in 2006 and staff at the company's manufacturing unit in Longrock, Penzance, being informed at the same time that the company had stopped trading with the loss of over 50 jobs. It is thought that as many as 200 jobs overall may have been lost, with Members of Parliament calling for an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the closure.

</doc>
<doc id="20807883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807883" title="7 Vezes">
7 Vezes

7 Vezes () is the seventh album by Brazilian band O Rappa. The title alludes to the fact that this is the seventh album O Rappa has released. It was produced by Ricardo Vidal, Tom Sabóia and O Rappa. It is distributed through Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20807885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807885" title="Matthew Blake">
Matthew Blake

Matthew Blake is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Barrow Raiders, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20807891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807891" title="Jack Mahaney">
Jack Mahaney

Jack Mahaney (1844-?) was an American criminal, sneak thief, confidence man and gang leader in New York City during the late-19th century. He was also one of the most notorious prisoner escapees of his time, popularly referred to as the "American Jack Sheppard", successfully escaping from virtually every major prison in the eastern United States including The Tombs and Sing Sing. Mahaney also escaped from custody which included well-publicized incidents where he jumped from a train without injury.
Biography.
Jack Mahaney was born in New York City in 1844. When he was 10, his father died and he was sent to a boarding school by his mother. He was, by all accounts, a mischievous student who was frequently in trouble at the school and eventually ran away after being flogged repeatedly by teachers. When police found him, Mahaney was in company with a gang of teenage "dock rats" and was placed in the House of Refuge. He escaped from the juvenile institution, along with a dozen other youths, and fled to the Five Points.
Mahaney joined the gang of Italian Dave, the famed sneak thief and fagin, whose group of street urchins and pickpockets were among the notorious thieves of the Five Points. Italian Dave had between 30-40 youths, between the ages of 9 and 15, whom he housed in a 
Paradise Square tenement building. It was here that Mahaney was trained to steal along with Italian Dave's other pupils. Practicing on dummies dressed as men and women, Mahaney and the others learned how to pickpocket and snatch valuables such as purses and muffs. They were also instructed on begging and stealing from store windows and counters. Whenever a student was clumsy or otherwise displeased Italian Dave, their leader, dressed in a policeman's uniform, would hit them with a nightstick.
Mahaney was very successful in this trade and, becoming a noted pickpocket and sneak thief in his own right, was personally taken under the wing of Italian Dave and made his protégé. He was also allowed privileges given to few others including going on marauding expeditions where he and Italian Dave would roll a drunk or snatch a purse. Mahaney eventually left the gang as he entered adulthood and formed his own gang of butcher cart thieves active in the Five Points. He also became a noted confidence man and swindler in his later years.

</doc>
<doc id="20807907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807907" title="Choró">
Choró

Choró is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Ceara. It is at an altitude of 243m, located on . Its population was 13,316 (2008). The municipality has a surface area of approximately 792,7 km².
Neighborhoods.
List of neighborhoods in Choró:

</doc>
<doc id="20807921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807921" title="Akin Fakeye">
Akin Fakeye

Akin (Akinlabi) Fakeye was born in Ila Orangun, Osun state in Nigeria, in 1936.
His father Adewuyi Oguntunde Fakeye was known as a master carver. As was tradition, Akin Fakeye was taught the art of carving by his father. Upon the death of his father, Akin went into apprenticeship under his brother Lamidi Fakeye from 1958–1967. He established himself in his own studio from 1968. From that time he has worked on a number of collaborations with his brother Lamide Fakeye and has also trained twenty apprentices including Ayo Bankole and his own sons, Jimoh Fakeye, Sulaiman Fakeye, Akeem Fakeye and Lukman Fakeye. All four of his sons are now professional carvers in their own right and have established their own studios.
Akin Fakeye was one of founding members of Oyo State Woodcarver Association; which is an association set up to further the appreciation of quality woodcarving to a wider audience and also help develop a new generation of master carvers.
Akin Fakeye works can be found in private collections all over the world. He has the following exhibitions to his credit:
External links.
Carvings by Akin Fakeye and further information about him and the rest of his family can be found in the following references:

</doc>
<doc id="20807955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807955" title="Ö1 Inforadio">
Ö1 Inforadio

Ö1 Inforadio is an Austrian information radio broadcast by the ORF.
It provides information, background stories, culture, politics and news 24 hours a day. Compared to the regular Ö1, it only comprises spoken word, without any kind of music.
The radio is only receivable via an internet stream. The Ö1 Inforadio is a pure on demand online radio service with news and information journals and doesn't contain any advertisements.

</doc>
<doc id="20807957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807957" title="Mart Visser">
Mart Visser

Martin Visser (born 10 July 1968) is a Dutch fashion designer since 1993.
Visser grew up in Sleeuwijk and studied at the Hogeschool van Amsterdam, the Modeacademie Montaigne, and the Saga International Design Centre.
He has his own collection since 1993. The store Mart Visser Haute Couture is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20807977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20807977" title="Dubicsány">
Dubicsány

Dubicsány is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20808001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808001" title="2000 Purdue Boilermakers football team">
2000 Purdue Boilermakers football team

The 2000 football team represented Purdue University during the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. Purdue finished as tri-champions of the Big Ten Conference and earned a berth in the Rose Bowl, the Boilermakers' first appearance in Pasadena since 1967.
The 2000 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. They played their home games at Ross-Ade Stadium in West Lafayette, Indiana and competed in the Big Ten Conference. In its fourth year under head coach Joe Tiller, Purdue compiled a 8-4 record, won the Big Ten Conference championship, but was defeated by Washington in the 2001 Rose Bowl.
Purdue's offense was led by quarterback and Heisman Trophy-finalist Drew Brees. Brees lead the Big Ten in completions, attempts, passing yards and passing touchdowns, setting the Big Ten career record for career passing yards with 11,517 passing former Purdue player, Mark Herrmann who had set the mark with 9,946 in 1980. The team had neither a 1,000-yard rusher nor a 1,000-yard receiver. Vinny Sutherland was the leading receiver with 926 receiving yards, and Montrell Lowe led the team in rushing with 919 rushing yards. Drew Brees and Offensive Tackle Matt Light, were the only player on the offensive unit selected as an All-American, being selected by Pro Football Weekly.
On defense, the 2000 Purdue team had true freshman safety Stuart Schweigert, who intercepted five passes and also lead the team in tackles with 85. Other standouts on defense included defensive end Akin Ayodele with 9.0 quarterback sacks, and linebacker Landon Johnson with 71 tackles and two sacks, and safety Ralph Turner with 65 tackles, four sacks and an interception.
Ten members of the team were honored as All-Big Ten Conference selections, quarterback Drew Brees was named the Big Ten Offensive of the Year and the Chicago Tribune Silver Football, while safety Stuart Schweigert was named the Big Ten Freshman of the Year. Nineteen members of the 2000 Boilermakers football team went on to play in the NFL. Prior to 2000, the Boilermakers had compiled three consecutive winning seasons and had not won a Big Ten Championship since the 1966 Purdue team.
Season.
The season was Drew Brees's final year with the Boilermakers. He left Purdue with Big Ten Conference records in passing yards (11,792), touchdown passes (90), total offensive yards (12,693), completions (1,026), and attempts (1,678). Brees won the Maxwell Award as the nation's outstanding player of 2000 and won the NCAA's Today's Top VIII Award as a member of the Class of 2001. Brees was third in balloting for the Heisman Trophy in 2000. The Boilermakers won all 8 of their games when they scored 30 points or more in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20808002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808002" title="The Virgin of the Seminole">
The Virgin of the Seminole

The Virgin of the Seminole (sometimes listed as "The Virgin of Seminole") is a 1922 race film directed, written and produced by Oscar Micheaux. The film focused on a young black man who joins the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and becomes a hero by rescuing a captive mixed-race woman from a hostile American Indian tribe. The young man later purchases a ranch that becomes the foundation for great financial wealth. 
The film had its premiere in Chicago in December 1922 and was distributed by the filmmaker’s Micheaux Film Corporation. No print is known to exist, and it is considered to be a lost film.

</doc>
<doc id="20808012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808012" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 1967">
Writers Guild of America Awards 1967

20th WGA Awards<br>
March 22, 1968
The 20th Writers Guild of America Awards, given on 22 March 1968, honored the best film and television writers of 1967.
Winners and nominees.
Film.
Best American Screenplay - Comedy.
'" "The Graduate" - Buck Henry and Calder Willingham
Best American Screenplay - Drama.
"' "Bonnie and Clyde" - Robert Benton and David Newman
Best American Screenplay - Musical.
"' "Thoroughly Modern Millie" - Richard Morris
Best American Screenplay - Original.
'" "Bonnie and Clyde" - Robert Benton and David Newman

</doc>
<doc id="20808031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808031" title="Calochortus pulchellus">
Calochortus pulchellus

Calochortus pulchellus is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Mt. Diablo fairy-lantern. It is endemic to California, where it is mainly restricted to Mount Diablo in Contra Costa County. There are historical occurrences in surrounding counties. It grows in chaparral and woodland of the bayside slopes. This is a perennial herb growing a branching stem up to about 30 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is up to 40 centimeters long and does not wither at flowering; there are 2 or 3 smaller leaves farther up the stem. The inflorescence is a solitary flower or a cluster of several flowers, which are nodding and usually spherical with all their petal tips touching. The three sepals and three petals are 2 or 3 centimeters long and pale to deep yellow. The petals are thinly hairy inside and often fringed with yellow hairs. The fruit is a winged capsule 2 or 3 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20808044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808044" title="Chalkidian League">
Chalkidian League

The Chalkidian League (, ""Koinon" of the Chalkideans" or Olynthians or Chalcidians in Thrace to distinguish them from Chalcidians in Euboea) was a federal state that existed on the shores of the north west Aegean from around 430 BCE until it was destroyed by Philip II of Macedon in 348 BCE.
History.
In 432 BCE Olynthos broke away from Athens. Along with several other cities, some form of united state was formed with Olynthos. Exactly what form it took is a matter of academic dispute. By the terms of the Peace of Nicias of 421 BCE, Athens and Sparta agreed that it should be broken up but it seems clear that Athens failed to enforce this. However, because the Chalkidike was no longer the arena of conflict between Athens and Sparta, nothing is heard of it from that time until 393 BCE.
In 393, Amyntas III of Macedon temporally transferred some territory to Olynthos during a period when he was driven out of Macedon by Illyrians. It was restored when Amyntas regained power. Eight years later, Amyntas again in trouble handed over territory, this time to the league. The League were not so ready to return what they held which now included Pella the capital of Macedonia. In 383 BCE, Amyntas appealed to Sparta and at the same time a similar appeal came from Akanthos and Apollonia, two League members who claimed that that membership of the League was not voluntary but enforced at the point of a sword. Sparta was keen to respond to the request. Amongst Sparta's allies there was no animosity against the Chalkidian League. Nevertheless, when the question was put, fear of annoying Sparta ensured that the proposal was carried. A force of 10,000 was authorized to be sent. An advance force of 2000 was sent under Eudamidas which succeeded in separating Potidaea from the League.
The fighting was long and arduous. Teleutias, the half brother of the Spartan king, Agesilaos (or Agesilaus II), was killed and King Agesipolis suffered heavy losses before dying of fever. However, in 379 BCE the cities of the former League became "autonomous" and subject allies of Sparta. Freeman regards the Spartan dissolution of the League as one of the most "calamitous events" in Hellenic history for, in his view, the League uniting the northern Greek cities with the most hellenised cities of Macedonia would have prevented the rise of Philip II of Macedon, who later destroyed the Chalkidian League.
Internal Organization.
The actual form of the League is uncertain. It seems it was a genuinely federal state with common laws and coinage and was probably based on the Boeotian League. Political rights are likely to have been reserved to a group of 8000 designated by a property qualification. It included most but not all the Euboean colonies of Chalcidice. The symbol of the Chalcidians was the lyre, struck upon the coins the League.

</doc>
<doc id="20808047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808047" title="2001 Purdue Boilermakers football team">
2001 Purdue Boilermakers football team

The 2001 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University during the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season.

</doc>
<doc id="20808049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808049" title="Nathan Hofheins">
Nathan Hofheins

Nathan Hofheins is a composer who has done film music among other things. He was one of the additional composers for the music for the film, "The Work and the Glory". He also orchestrated the music for the TV mini-series "The Triangle" in 2005. Hofheins has also arranged several songs included on CDs produced by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. Hofheins also arranged the version of Evan Stephens' "Utah We Love Thee" performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir at the rededication of the Utah State Capitol.
In 2007 the Mormon Tabernacle Choir performance of "How Great Thou Art" as arranged by Hofheins won a Pearl Award from the Faith Centered Music Association. 
Hofheins is a graduate of Brigham Young University.
Hofheins has also done orchestration for some of the sound tracks of "Xena Warrior Princess". He has also made an arrangement of Michael Moody's "He Sent His Son".

</doc>
<doc id="20808053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808053" title="Greenhill, Evesham">
Greenhill, Evesham

Greenhill is a hill just north of Evesham, Worcestershire and was part of the site of the Battle of Evesham. In the battle, Simon de Montfort was defeated and killed on 4 August 1265. King Henry's son, Lord Edward, later Edward I used it as his base in the battle from where he launched his attack on Simon de Montford's forces who were gathered around Evesham Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="20808077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808077" title="ACC 50th Anniversary men's basketball team">
ACC 50th Anniversary men's basketball team

In 2002 the Atlantic Coast Conference selected 50th anniversary teams for most of its sports. The 50-member men's basketball team was voted on by a 120-member blue-ribbon committee that was selected by the league's 50th Anniversary Committee.
North Carolina led all league schools with 12 members on the Golden Anniversary team while Duke was second with 11 honorees. Maryland had eight players selected, followed by Wake Forest (5), Georgia Tech and NC State (4), Virginia (3), Clemson (2) and South Carolina with one. The 50th Anniversary team includes:
The ACC 50th Anniversary Men's Basketball Team.
In alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="20808082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808082" title="2006 Shanghai International Film Festival">
2006 Shanghai International Film Festival

The 2006 Shanghai International Film Festival was the ninth such festival to be held, and took place over the course of two weeks between June 17 and June 25, 2006.
In all, over 764 films were submitted, but only seventeen were selected to compete for the Golden Goblet or "Jin Jue." The jury was chaired by French filmmaker Luc Besson.
International reaction.
The 2006 rendition of the Shanghai International Film Festival was meant to place the program as a top echelon international festival. Problems plagued the two week festival, however, including poor Chinese-English translations and a failure by many of the filmmakers to even attend the award ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20808091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808091" title="Honius">
Honius

Honius, born Cornelis Henricxz Hoen ( 1440, The Hague – 1524, The Hague) was a Dutch jurist and humanist, known for his views on the Eucharist.
Perhaps under the influence of Wessel Gansfort, Honius proposed that in the phrase "hoc est corpus meum", the word "est" should be interpreted as meaning 'has the significance of'. This is unacceptable from the point of view of Catholic doctrine on transubstantiation. His views dated from before 1520, but were published later, in 1525, by Huldrych Zwingli.

</doc>
<doc id="20808096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808096" title="Zola Jesus">
Zola Jesus

Nika Roza Danilova (born April 11, 1989), better known by her stage name Zola Jesus, is an American singer-songwriter. She has released three EPs and three full-length albums that combine electronic, industrial, classical, goth, and experimental rock influences.
Biography.
1989–2008: Early life.
Nika Roza Danilova is Russian American and was raised in Merrill, Wisconsin, on more than 100 acres of forest. "I was delusional as a kid; I never spent a lot of time around other people my own age except for my brother, who's a year older", she remembered. Speaking of her childhood's harsh realities, she remembered the climate ("The cold is unbelievable. I try not to complain") and general wilderness, the lack of TV or internet. "When you live around a lot of people in a city and that synthesized stimulation, you can get lost in the hustle and bustle. When you grow up in the country you have nothing to stimulate you but what you seek," she said. Some of Danilova's later goth sensibilities might have come from the impressions of her early childhood when she was exposed to a hunter's environment and a survivalist's worldview. "My dad was a hunter so there would constantly be animal parts all over the place. He'd be out in the forest and bring back deer heads hoping that animals would eat the flesh and leave a skull. But it wouldn't happen. There would just be a deer head hanging from a tree branch you could literally bump into", she remembered. "Our milk was from the neighbor's cow. I am not a country bumpkin but this is how we live. We ate deer and pheasant and venison and all this meat that my dad would go out and kill", she added.
Danilova started singing early on, buying voice lesson tapes and opera sheet music at the age of 7; soon she began working with a vocal coach. It was not her parents' idea: "I begged them to do it. For some reason, I really wanted to sing opera even though I wasn't really exposed to it as a kid. I think my little baby toddler mind heard some opera song and then became fixated on how powerful it sounded," she later remembered. Danilova started performing opera when she was 10 years old, but experienced serious psychological difficulties. "I would too often lose my voice before performances due to anxiety, and was so hard on myself. I would beat myself up about any imperfections or flaws in my voice. I was such a perfectionist, and my voice was still so young so it couldn't do everything I wanted it to, and I resented myself for that. But since performing as Zola Jesus it's been getting easier," she later recalled. For a couple of years she had to stop singing due to anxiety and the competitive nature of opera. "I studied opera on and off for about 10 years. I wasn't in any operas, though, it was always really private and individual...I kept stopping because I was like, I'm not good enough, I suck, this is awful, and then I'd start again. I could never practice singing if anyone was home," she explained in a Pitchfork interview. In her teens Danilova started to experiment in a more rock-orientated format. By naming her alter ego after Jesus Christ and the French writer Émile Zola she said she consciously wanted to alienate peers. "It worked perfectly—a lot of people wouldn't even say Zola Jesus because they thought it was sacrilegious", she said in an interview. "Using Jesus in my name isn't necessarily supposed to be a strong statement. I respect religion and I know people do need it, but it's a weird phenomenon in our world. It's so weird," she later commented. Inspired by favorites like Ian Curtis, Lydia Lunch, Diamanda Galás, Throbbing Gristle and Swans (but also bubblegum pop and classical aria), she started to record at home, using keyboards, drum machines and "anything else she had on hand". In 2008 she debuted with singles "Poor Sons" on Die Stasi and "Soeur Sewer" on Sacred Bones Records.
Before transferring to University of Wisconsin-Madison to study French and philosophy, she attended University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, where she began a business major. Of these business courses she said: "I was giving up my soul. I think I was drawn to business because it's really insensitive and unemotional, so it was the complete opposite of what I was studying with music." She graduated in 2010.
2009–present: Career.
In 2009, while still studying at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Zola Jesus recorded (in her apartment) and released her debut full-length "The Spoils". The sound was in a certain way dependent on her surroundings. "I usually record in the winter because I am holed up. It's cold outside but warm inside with the heater and blankets. A lot of the songs are cold but in the coldness you find warmth. Winter has a lot to do with it.
Then followed "Tsar Bomba" EP (on Troubleman), "New Amsterdam" compilation on Sacred Bones and an untitled, limited-edition vinyl split with Burial Hex (Aurora Borealis). For touring she recruited Dead Luke (synths), bassist Lindsay Mikkola and drummer Max Elliott. Later the line-up changed to: Shane Verwey and Nick Turco (synth), Alex DeGroot ("who... does fancy controller things I can't wrap my head around, as well as backup vocals" per Danilova) and Nick Johnson, a drummer with metal band Jex Thoth.
Zola Jesus has also played with Former Ghosts. "It was fun to participate in that project. Freddy is a really amazing person, I am very honoured to be able to collaborate with him and Jamie," she commented. On Fever Ray's 2010 European tour, she performed as a support act and also toured with The xx. In the late 2009 collaboration between Zola Jesus and Rory Kane took shape (as Nika+Rory project), a demo being put out on MySpace which was described as having "more of a straight up pop feel". "Rory really nails that trance-pop-r&b style, he loves making that stuff and I love singing on it," Danilova remarked.
In 2010, Zola Jesus released the "Stridulum" EP, described as "a much grander effort" (next to her debut album) and her "most melodic work to date". Inspired by Giulio Paradisi 1979 film of the same name, it marked "a huge leap forward in terms of fidelity and accessibility". "With "Stridulum" I've tried to find a better balance; meeting in the middle with melody and texture," she explained. After the release Zola Jesus performed at the SXSW festival, for her second time.
The "Valusia" EP was also released on Sacred Bones in 2010. "LA Vampires Meets Zola Jesus" EP, the collaboration with Amanda Brown of Pocahaunted, presented "a dingy, lower-than-lo-fi sound and very little of what one would call traditional songwriting," according to Pitchfork review.
Zola Jesus's second full-length release was "Stridulum II". Although regarded as her debut album in the UK, this album simply combines all six songs from the Stridulum EP (in different sequencing) with three of the four songs from the Valusia EP; the cover art is modified from the cover of Stridulum. It received 8/10 from the "NME" which praised Danilova's classically trained voice as "the deadliest weapon in her arsenal" and called the album "dark masterpiece". Both "NME" and "Q" declared her one of the names to watch out for in 2011.
Zola Jesus's third LP, her second album of new material was "Conatus", released in late September 2011 via Sacred Bones. The album's 11 tracks were produced by Brian Foote (aka Nudge: Jackie-O Motherfucker, Cloudland Canyon) and Danilova herself, including elements of cello, double bass, violin, and viola. She was featured on her first US magazine cover in October 2011, on Issue #76 of the Fader.
She provided guest vocals on the song "Intro" by M83 from their 2011 album "Hurry Up, We're Dreaming". She also sang on "New France" by Orbital, from their 2012 album "Wonky".
On August 19 (20th in the US), 2013, "Versions" (Sacred Bones Records), the set of neo-classical reworkings of previous releases from Nika Roza Danilova in a collaboration with producer JG Thirlwell, was released.
Musical style and influences.
According to the "NME", Zola Jesus "wails like Kate Bush" on a music sometimes evoking Joy Division. For "Q magazine", her "haunting vocals and swirling, electronic athmospherics are located midway between Florence Welch and Siouxsie and the Banshees." She has also been linked to Lisa Gerrard of Dead Can Dance and Elizabeth Frazer of the Cocteau Twins. Her style has been described variously as "commanded by ominous lyrics and a sultry Goth delivery," and "noise music that scrapes and glistens in equal measure." In a Spinner interview, describing her own artistic self, she said:
"I try to create songs that are really massive and intense, but at the same time remaining honest and raw. I love the feeling when you hear a song that is so overwhelming and powerful it makes your veins hurt. I'd like to write one of those songs one day. I keep the lyrics simple, no nonsense. I've always enjoyed the way old folk songs say what they need to say without becoming convoluted or ostentatious. Just words of wisdom straight from the heart of a little midwestern girl."
Reviewers praise the quality of her vocal performances. "Whether creaking or soaring, her voice transmits with a directness that easily cuts through the layers of lo-fi grime that usually surround it. You don't hear singers like this every day, or even every year," according to Pitchfork.
Danilova's been exposed to modern music through her father who listened to bands like Oingo Boingo, Dead Kennedys, Squeeze and Talking Heads. When older, she discovered The Residents and Throbbing Gristle. "I liked exploring how uncomfortable music could make you, which is how I found noise. I was terrified by the Residents when I first heard them at 13, but then I got intrigued by it and wanted to listen more," she said. "Their catalogue is one of the few of any artist where I never know what to expect with each album. [They're] constantly changing and experimenting in their art, as any great performer should. As far as a composer, I'd have to say Karlheinz Stockhausen—absolutely out of control brilliant." Answering questions about her favourite artists and composers, she was also mentioning "singers with big voices, like Diamanda Galas and Tina Turner. Divas, film scores from the '70s and '80s. Industrial and power electronics. BBC Radiophonic Workshop, opera, Philip K. Dick." Speaking to Spinner, she said: "I listen to anything that stands out. I guess something people wouldn't expect me to listen to are artists like Alicia Keys. But she is so incredibly talented. She has this huge voice and great work ethic, which I really respect in an artist. She is also very humble and gracious and devoted to her skill." Of her operatic upbringing she said:
"It has probably influenced me in several ways. When recording I look at the entire album as a whole, and not just song by song. As in operas, there are arias, interludes, etc., that all weave together to create a mood and story. Singing opera has made me very self-critical and analytical; I'm a severe perfectionist due to my studies. I was taught to sing in a way that was very biological and scientific. I resented the idea of opera as a 'skill' to be mastered, so Zola Jesus was my way of using what I knew but allowing the sounds to come out of my voice however was most comfortable, regardless of correctness."
Ideas and concepts.
Being a philosophy student in some ways shaped both her lyrical concepts and attitude. "In high school I was really into Situationism, which is basically the idea that you can live art. That's part of my music now, because I feel like it's not worth doing something if it's already been done. So I'm trying my best to do something that's completely novel within the parameters of it being accessible so people won't dismiss it right away", she said in an interview. "...Reading about certain philosophers changes your perspective. I was just reading this guy named Arthur Schopenhauer, who's dark as fuck. He's basically like: Kill yourself, it's not worth it. After you read his essays, you can't feel good about anything, so it's obviously going to affect my art and how I live," she added.
Serious reading played an important part in her self-education. "I probably read Dostoevsky and Nietzsche before I should have," she confessed. Danilova, much interested in philosophy, described herself as an atheist. "If there were physical evidence then maybe I would consider it. But...The Bible and all these books written by people, they are stories—compelling, yes, and they teach you about life and how to take care of people. Taking them for fact, that's really naive. They are great stories to teach moral structure, but they are just stories." When asked of her personal philosophy, she said, "I believe in not avoiding things you're afraid of. Especially really dark things."

</doc>
<doc id="20808102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808102" title="1981 England riots">
1981 England riots

In 1981, England suffered serious riots across many major cities. They were perceived as race riots between communities, in all cases the main motives for the riots were related to racial tension and inner-city deprivation. The riots were caused by a distrust of the police and authority. The four main riots that occurred were the Brixton riot in London, the Handsworth riots in Birmingham, the Chapeltown riot in Leeds and the Toxteth riots in Liverpool.
Context.
In all four main cases, the areas had large ethnic minority communities, who had largely come from the Commonwealth in the 1960s and 1970s to do low paid jobs. All the areas suffered from poor housing, high unemployment and particular problems with racial tensions. According to the Scarman report which was subsequently commissioned by the UK government, the riots were a spontaneous outburst of built-up resentment sparked by particular incidents. Lord Scarman stated that "complex political, social and economic factors" created a "disposition towards violent protest". The Scarman report highlighted problems of racial disadvantage and inner-city decline, warning that "urgent action" was needed to prevent racial disadvantage becoming an "endemic, ineradicable disease threatening the very survival of our society".
Brixton (London), Toxteth (Liverpool) and Chapeltown (Leeds) were originally built as affluent areas of the city, however the relocation of industry, poor connections and the influx of migrant workers had led to a downfall in their fortunes and the large Victorian terraces and villas were divided up into low rent bed sits.
The Conservative Party government elected in 1979 had instituted new powers for the Police under the Vagrancy Act of 1824 to stop and search people based on only a 'reasonable suspicion' that an offence had been committed — hence their common name of "Sus laws". These were applied disproportionately to the black community, and caused widespread resentment amongst young black men. The majority of these were not immigrants, they were the British born children of immigrants, mostly born in the first half of the 1960s.
The election of the Conservative government in 1979 had also seen the implementation of monetarism economic policies which were designed to tackle inflation, which stood at 10.3% on the defeat of James Callaghan's Labour Party government in May 1979. Inflation had rarely been below 10% throughout the 1970s and it had already breached the 20% at least once earlier in the decade.
It had fallen to around half of that level by the summer of 1981, but unemployment (which had stood at around 1,500,000 two years previously, having still been in six figures at the start of the decade) had now passed the 2,500,000 mark largely due to the mass closure of factories. This level of unemployment, not seen since the 1930s, had led to mass discontent in the working class areas of Britain most affected by the recession.
The Asian community also felt isolated and vulnerable to racist attack. The Police were given new powers to question people about their immigration status. Resentment arose that these laws were applied, but the police were failing to protect the Asian community from violence. On 11 July 1981, the "Bradford 12" — a group of Asian youths, members of the "United Black Youth League" — were arrested for manufacturing petrol bombs, allegedly to protect their community from a threatened attack. At the subsequent trial, they were acquitted by a jury, on the grounds of self defence.
On 13 January 1981, thirteen Black youths died in the New Cross Fire. The police quickly dismissed a racial motive for the apparent arson attack; and the local Black community were dismayed by the indifference shown in the press towards the deaths. 15,000 people marched demanding action to Central London, in the largest Black issue demonstration seen in the UK.
Racial tensions continued to rise in the early part of the year. On 28 March 1981, Enoch Powell — by then an Ulster Unionist MP, but still an influence on the Conservative Party — gave a speech in which he warned of the dangers of a "racial civil war" in Britain. By 6 April, it was announced that overall unemployment had risen from 1.5 million to 2.5 million in 12 months; and that joblessness among ethnic minorities had risen faster, up 82% in the same period. During March and April, the Metropolitan Police begin "Operation Swamp 81", a London-wide campaign against burglary and robbery. In Brixton, over only six days, 120 plain-clothes officers stopped 943 people, arresting 118 — predominantly Black youths. The police justified their heavy-handed policing by statistics showing that while street robberies had increased 38% across London between 1976–80; in Brixton it had risen 138%.
The first disturbances began in Brixton over the weekend of 10-12 April 1981, and were followed in July by a series of similar disturbances in 12 cities and towns, especially Liverpool. In London, these included Dalston, Stoke Newington, Clapham, Hounslow and Acton. Leech notes "Here these were not race riots - riots between races. Rather the conflict was with police as symbols of white authority, with state racism and criminalisation of black communities".
Aftermath.
These riots by the unemployed called the Government to attention that strategies for helping young people into work were not working. The Youth Training Schemes and suchlike were brought in.
The Association of Chief Police Officers, who develop police policy in England, produced their "Public Order Manual" in response to the riots. This was subsequently used in training by police forces throughout Britain.
The UK government commissioned the Scarman report two days after the Brixton Riots. The terms of reference for the enquiry were "to inquire urgently into the serious disorder in Brixton on 10–12 April 1981 and to report, with the power to make recommendations".
Scarman was concerned with the "plight" of the ethnic communities in UK inner cities and their relationship with the rest of the national "community". He concluded that it was essential that "people are encouraged to secure a stake in, feel a pride in, and have a sense of responsibility for their own area". He called for a policy of "direct coordinated attack on racial disadvantage". 
As a consequence of the Scarman report a new code for police behaviour was put forward in the "Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984"; and the act also created an independent Police Complaints Authority, established in 1985, to attempt to restore public confidence in the police.
The sus law was repealed on 27 August 1981, when the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 received Royal Assent.
Triggers.
While there were common root causes, the triggers of the riots were different.
Brixton.
On the evening of 10 April, at around 17:15, a black youth who had been stabbed by three other black youths in an attack was being helped by a police patrol in Atlantic Road. As he was being helped, a large hostile crowd gathered. As they tried to take him to a waiting car on Railton Road, the crowd intervened. The police were attacked and the struggle only ended when more police officers arrived; the youth was taken to a hospital. The crowd is reported to have believed that the police stopped and questioned the stabbed youth, rather than help him. Rumours spread that the youth had been left to die by the police or that the police looked on as the stabbed youth was lying on the street. Over 200 youths reportedly turned on the police. In response the police decided to increase the number of police foot patrols in Railton Road, despite the tensions, and continue "Operation Swamp 81" throughout the night of Friday the 10th and into the following day, Saturday the 11th of April. During the disturbances, 299 police were injured, and at least 65 civilians. 61 private vehicles and 56 police vehicles were damaged or destroyed. 28 premises were burned and another 117 damaged and looted. 82 arrests were made. Reports suggested that up to 5,000 people were involved in the riot.
Handsworth.
The first riot in Handsworth took place on 10 July 1981. The second larger riot took place between 9 and 11 September 1985. The riots were reportedly sparked by the arrest of a man near the Acapulco Cafe, Lozells and a police raid on the Villa Cross public house in the same area. Hundreds of people attacked police and property, looting and smashing, even setting off fire bombs.
Chapeltown.
The exact trigger for the riots is unclear, although much speculation took place in the local and national press. By 1981, Chapeltown was experiencing a high level of violent crime, tensions were high, particularly amongst the area's Caribbean majority. The high crime brought about a police purge and the riots took place in July 1981.
Toxteth.
The Merseyside police force had, at the time, a poor reputation within the black community for stopping and searching young black men in the area, under the "sus" laws, and the perceived heavy-handed arrest of Leroy Alphonse Cooper on Friday 3 July, watched by an angry crowd, led to a disturbance in which three policemen were injured.
Others.
The Sheffield riot occurred on 9 July in and around Sheffield Town Hall. The exact cause is unclear. 14 policemen and 5 civilians were injured, 20 arrests were made, and several offices inside the Town Hall were badly damaged with several trees being set alight outside.

</doc>
<doc id="20808104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808104" title="Bowe Brothers">
Bowe Brothers

The Bowe Brothers were a criminal family in New York City during the early-to-mid-19th century. The gang was headed by Martin Bowe, owner of the Catherine Slip sailors' home "Glass House", and included Jack, Jim and Bill Bowe. All were well-known shooters, cutters and thieves in New York's Fourth Ward and often led waterfront thugs in raids on dockyards and ships anchored in the East River. The brothers were also fences and disposed of money obtained by other waterfront gangs.
One of their men, Jack Madill, served as a bartender at the "Glass House" for over a year before his arrest for the murder of his wife. He had killed her in an argument when she refused to help him rob a drunken sailor and was sentenced to life imprisonment 

</doc>
<doc id="20808109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808109" title="Pieter d'Hont">
Pieter d'Hont

Pieter D'Hont (24 April 1917 – 12 June 1997) was a Dutch sculptor.
He studied at the Rijksakademie in Amsterdam. D'Hont designed the statue of the Edison Award. Most of his works are located in Utrecht, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20808114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808114" title="Ross Bellah">
Ross Bellah

Ross Bellah (27 January 1907 – 2 February 2004) was an American art director, primarily for Columbia Pictures. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Solid Gold Cadillac". He also worked on most if not all television series produced by Screen Gems, the television subsidiary of Columbia Pictures such as "The Donna Reed Show", "Dennis the Menace", "Hazel", "Bewitched", "I Dream of Jeannie" and "The Partridge Family".

</doc>
<doc id="20808127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808127" title="William Wake (governor)">
William Wake (governor)

William Wake was the governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 26 November 1742 to 17 November 1750. Father of Margaret Wake Tryon, wife of William Tryon (8 June 1729 – 27 January 1788), who was the governor of the Province of North Carolina (1765–1771) and the Province of New York (1771–1780).
References.
http://www.wcti12.com/news/Tryon-Palace-to-honor-Bombay-India-for-holiday-festivities/-/13530444/17513678/-/ckge1k/-/index.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Tryon

</doc>
<doc id="20808131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808131" title="Odilon">
Odilon

Odilon is a given name of French origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="20808133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808133" title="Bald River Gorge Wilderness">
Bald River Gorge Wilderness

Bald River Gorge Wilderness is a wilderness area of Cherokee National Forest that lies within Monroe County in the U.S. state of Tennessee, designated in 1984. Its elevation is above sea level. It is administered by the United States Forest Service.

</doc>
<doc id="20808142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808142" title="Andrew Ramsay (governor)">
Andrew Ramsay (governor)

Andrew Ramsay was the officiating governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 9 January 1788 to 6 September 1788.

</doc>
<doc id="20808144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808144" title="1987 Texas Longhorns football team">
1987 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1987 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Schedule.
The Longhorns finished the regular season with a 6-5 record and defeated Pittsburgh in the 1987 Astro–Bluebonnet Bowl.
1987 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20808153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808153" title="St Leonard's Forest">
St Leonard's Forest

St. Leonard's Forest is at the western end of the Wealden Forest Ridge which runs from Horsham to Tonbridge, and is part of the High Weald Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It lies on the ridge to the south of the A264 between Horsham and Crawley with the villages of Colgate and Lower Beeding within it. The A24 lies to west and A23 to the East and A272 through Cowfold to the south. Much has been cleared, but a large area is still wooded. The Forestry Commission has 289 ha. (714 acres) which is open to the public (many regard this as "The" St. Leonard's Forest), as are Owlbeech (mainly heathland) and Leechpool Woods (claimed by Horsham District Council to be ancient woodland) to the east of Horsham, and Buchan Country Park to the SW of Crawley. The rest is private with just a few public footpaths and bridleways. Leonardslee Gardens were open to the public until July 2010.
The main car parks are at Roosthole close to Mannings Heath Golf Club for the Forestry Commission, Owlbeech/Leechpool on Harwood Road (B2195), and Buchan Country Park on the A264.
The High Weald Landscape Trail leads from Horsham Station east across the Forest to Handcross. The Sussex Ouse Valley Way crosses the south of the forest from Lower Beeding to Handcross.
It is one of the "Fower stately Wood Nymphs" (Michael Drayton, 1611, Poly-Olbion, Song 17) of the Forest Ridge (the other three being Worth, Ashdown and Waterdown forests) which were part of the ancient Andreaswald or Andreadswald, now the Weald.
Earlier used for hunting, by the 16th century they were the centre of the English iron industry. The hammer ponds remain, the dams of those in St. Leonard's forest being crossed by Hammerpond Road between Horsham and Handcross, and today are used for fishing.
Geology.
The ridge is formed of alternating sandstones and clays known as the Hastings Beds dating from the Lower Cretaceous. Some beds contain iron which was used in the iron industry in the 16th century. A particularly strong sandstone bed is known as Tilgate Stone, but this term has also been used for the whole formation. It was frequently quarried for buildings. A thinly bedded layer is known as Horsham Stone, being quarried to the SE of Horsham, and was used for pavements and roofs. In some examples it has a corrugated surface of ripple marks.
The streams flowing north from the forest are known as brooks and eventually form the River Mole. Those flowing south are called gills and form the River Arun. The latter have cut down exposing bedrock in places. The Forest Ridge is therefore the watershed between the River Thames and the South Coast.
The southern edge of the forest drains into the River Adur, and the Ouse drains the south-eastern corner.
History.
Early history.
The forest was part of the large wooded area now known as the Weald which extended from Hampshire east to the sea between Eastbourne and Dover, and bounded by the North and South Downs which are formed of chalk and hence have a very different vegetation. The Weald was mainly impenetrable, but vegetation must have been thinner on the poor sandy beds that top the forest ridge because Mesolithic people created a trackway along the top and have left tumuli and worked flints along its route.
The forest was opened up to a limited extent by the South Saxons pushing north from the South Coast, and the Middle Saxons south from the North Downs. However, the boundary between the two was not along the watershed, but along the Clay Ridge to the north (the Surrey/Sussex border).
St. Leonard of Limousin.
The forest's name is believed to have come from St Leonard (AD c485-559), a Frankish nobleman who was baptised at the court of King Clovis in 498 by St Remigius, Bishop of Rheims, and then settled for a religious life. St. Leonard's prayers ensured the safe delivery of Clovis's child, and he was given as a reward as much land as he could ride round on a donkey in a day. He established a monastery on this land at Noblac near Limoges, and became its abbot. In his old age he became a forest hermit.
Noblac became a place of pilgrimage and was visited by crusaders including Richard Coeur de Lion, and it may be that this is how the story came to the south of England where some one hundred churches are named after the saint. However, local legend says that St. Leonard's hermitage was in this forest although this seems extremely unlikely.
The tithes for the forest were granted to Sele Priory in Upper Beeding and St. Leonard was regarded by the Benedictines who built a hermitage dedicated to him in the forest although the site is unknown. This may be the same place as the Chapel of St. Leonard built by the Braoses of Bramber Castle.
The Dragons.
There is also a legend of St. Leonard the Dragon Slayer who lived in the forest and slew the last dragon in England. Æthelweard's Chronicle of 770AD mentions "Monstrous serpents were seen in the country of the Southern Angles that is called Sussex". St. Leonard was injured and Lilies of the Valley grow where his blood fell - an area of the forest is still called The Lily Beds. As a reward he requested that snakes be banished and the nightingales which interrupted his prayers should be silenced. However, dragons were still around in August 1614 as a pamphlet was published with the title "Discourse relating a strange and monstrous Serpent (or Dragon) lately discovered, and yet living, to the great Annoyance and divers Slaughters both of Men and Cattell, by his strong and violent Poyson. In Sussex, two miles from Horsam, in a Woode called St. Leonards Forrest, and thirtie miles from London, this present month of August, 1614".
Today the only dragons are: the public house at Colgate or the statue in the centre of the Horsham Maze.
The Middle Ages.
In 1086 the Sauvage family held Sedgwick Park on the west of the forest, and it was subsequently held by the Braoses of Bramber Castle who were given a license to crenellate Sedgwick Castle in 1258. At this time the main use of the forest was pannage with the lords of Bramber and Bewbush holding the rights. The tithes of pannage and herbage were given to Sele Priory in 1235. The forest also had wild horses, and this may be the origins of the name Horsham which dates back to the 10th century. A horse fair was held on St Leonard's Day in the 15th century. Deer and timber belonged to the lord. Timber from the forest was sent to Dover in 1214 for use in the new Great Hall. Oak was given to the Bishop of Chichester in 1234 for the Cathedral. Sele Priory had the rights to the underwood in 1234 - this was used to produce charcoal, hence the name Colgate (a charcoal burner was known as a collier). In 1295 the forest contained deer, hares, rabbits, pheasants and herons.
Later the forest was surrounded by a pale or fence and was technically a chase rather than a forest (used for hunting but not under forest law). There were gates into the forest, some of whose names still remain - Faygate in the north, Monk's Gate in the south west and Pease Pottage Gate (the gate was dropped from the name in 1877) in the east. Other gates were between subdivisions within the forest such as Colgate. Some names refer to clearings - Doomsday Green and Mannings Heath for example.
Little is known of the forest apart from legal records until the building of the hermitage or chapel, by which time it was known as Lower Beeding - Lower meaning inferior or new. The forest was larger than the modern parish, effectively the part of the Rape of Bramber in the High Weald including Rusper, Ifield, the eastern part of modern Horsham and Nuthurst. The eastern boundary was the border of the Rape of Bramber, to the east of which it became Worth Forest in the Rape of Lewes although today there is not a clear boundary between the two. The Hundred of Burbeach consisted of Upper Beeding in the south and Lower Beeding and Ifield in the north and the whole of this northern part was known as St Leonards, but it extended further to the west. The first large scale map of Sussex by Saxton in 1575 shows Crawley and Slaugham churches, The Forest of St Leonard's extending north to nearly the Surrey border, and Word Forest, but just white space between them. Speed's map of 1610 (surveyed by John Nordon about 1595) also shows three enclosed parks - St. Leonard's, Schelley and Bewbush, with the Rape border and Tylgate Forest on the east. Neither map shows any roads.
Sixteenth century.
In the 16th century the forest was divided into bailiwicks - Roffey, Bewbush, Alkynburne (Hawksbourne), Horningbrook, Hyde, Shelley, Whitebarrow, Thrustlehole, Herony, Gosden and Patchgate, many of which are still recognisable today. It was around this time that the forest started to be cleared, wood being used for barrels, buildings and charcoal, the latter being used for both iron production and by the townsfolk of Horsham. In 1553 it was reported that there were no deer or other game in the forest. By the end of the century there were some 40 farms in the forest. These were not very successful except in Bewbush because of the poor soil.
It is not known when ironworking started in the forest, but it was well established by the middle of the century. It is known that the Romans worked iron nearby at Crawley, and there may have been workings earlier than the 16th century, but there are no remains or records, except for a thousand horseshoes produced at a forge at Roffey in 1327. The most obvious remains today are Hawkins Pond and Hammer Pond on the sources of the Arun, the dams of which are used by Hammerpond Road to cross the deep gills. There was a blast furnace at Bewbush which produced pig iron, and this was converted to wrought iron by the finery forges below the two ponds. The water was required to drive a waterwheel which in turn raised the trip hammers. Around 1584 a blast furnace was built at Hammer Pond to process ore from near Colgate, up to a 1000 loads of ore per year.
Another furnace was built at Crabtree in about 1580, the ore coming from Minepits Wood, and 49 miners were employed in 1587. There were also furnaces at Slaugham which obtained their ore from the forest - Furnace Pond is in both Slaugham and Lower Beeding.
The main iron products were cannon and firebacks. Graveslabs are also found in some churches.
Iron production in the area finished about 1650 when the iron works were destroyed by a parliamentary force.
The iron industry was not solely responsible for the loss of the woods because although a few large timbers were used for buildings and machinery, the main requirement was for charcoal which was produced initially from the undertimber and later by coppicing.
Seventeenth century.
The Crown had the rights to the timber in 1602 and during the first half of the century much of the large timber had been used for shipbuilding. Other timber was used for charcoal, and by the middle of the century large areas had been cleared, especially Bewbush and Shelley Plain. Cattle, sheep and rabbits prevented regrowth and these two areas remained arable. Elsewhere the forest degenerated into heathland, although there were intermittent attempts to farm it.
Eighteenth century.
Rabbits were the main produce of the forest. The first warrens are mentioned in 1614. At the beginning of the 18th century there were five including the Great Warren to the south of Colgate, Plummers Plain and Sibballs (now known as Holmbush). By the end of the century the latter had some twelve thousand rabbits, London being the main market. The forest was described as bleak and barren as the Cumberland and Yorkshire moorland, and William Cobbett who travelled from Pease Pottage to Horsham in 1823 described it as "six of the worst miles in England...The first two of these miserable miles go though the estate of Lord ERSKINE Chancellor. It was a bare heath here and there, in the better parts of it, some scrubby birch. It has been, in part, planted with fir-trees, which are as ugly as the heath was; and, in short, it is a most villainous track".
However Michael Mills planted a straight avenue of trees around 1720, and although these were blown down in 1836, the line of the avenue remains as a long narrow clearing (legend says that Mick Mills raced the devil and won - he went so fast that he burnt the trees on either side and they would never regrow).
Nineteenth century.
Much of the heathland was converted into pasture, but trees, mainly larch, fir, oak, sweet chestnut and spruce, were also planted, mainly in the large estates such as Holmbush, Bewbush and Buchan Hill. Exotic gardens containing magnolias, rhododendrons etc. were developed in the second half of the century, Leonardslee and South Lodge being two well known examples. New dams were built to create lakes for ornamentation at Leonardslee, fishing and boating at Buchan Hill. A tower 106 feet high was built at Holmbush, hence the name Tower Road which replaced Beacon Hill which gives an indication of its former use, probably in Napoleonic times.
Twentieth century.
The main change in the 20th century as far as vegetation was concerned was the spread of rhododendron throughout the forest except where the dense planting by the Forestry Commission prevented it growing. The proportion of heathland diminished except where it was deliberately preserved, as in Buchan Country Park. The opening of this park and also Owlbeech and Leechpool Woods near Horsham took place in the second half of the century and these together with the Forestry Commission land afford public access to parts of the forest. Building has increased throughout the forest although it is now an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Two large golf courses were constructed at Mannings Heath and Buchan Hill. Both have 36 holes, and the first at Mannings Heath dates back to 1905. Buchan Hill is post second world war.
Twenty-first century.
There is a campaign to reduce the area covered by rhododendron - unfortunately the more it is cut back the more it regrows. The value of the Forestry Commission trees has dropped to the point where it is hardly economic to fell them. The proportion of native woodland will be increased over the next thirty years.
Popular culture.
In The Dragon's Eye, Part 1 of The Dragonology Chronicles, St. Leonard's Forest is where many dragons live.
St Leonard's Forest and its dragons also features in the Hellboy story The Nature of The Beast.
In Episode 4 of BBC's Elizabeth R, Horrible Conspiracies, Mary, Queen of Scots complaining of her captivity mentions Saint Leonard's forest as a "wood were nightingales never sing," because "some unseen evil drives them away.

</doc>
<doc id="20808156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808156" title="List of California State Beaches">
List of California State Beaches

California State Beaches are beaches designated as such by the California Department of Parks and Recreation. State beaches are part of the California State Parks system.
For a more inclusive list of beaches in the U.S. state of California, including private, municipal, and regional beaches, see List of California beaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20808165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808165" title="Dylan Kight">
Dylan Kight

Dylan Kight (born September 4, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter
Known as the "lost" record. What should have been the debut record for Dylan Kight became one of his first tests as an artist. It took over 8 months to record and consisted of about 30 songs. The record was almost mixed when the record was lost. It was recorded on 2 inch analog tape and then transferred to Pro Tools HD to maximize mixing capabilities. However, at some point the hard drive malfunctioned and the record was lost. Dylan Kight's side project at the time, Daydream Deferred had already used the 2 inch tape to record on. "Feel The Silence" was forever lost. The only thing that remains are early mixes of the album on CD.
"No Destination but Heartbreak Ave.".
Kight quickly started the album from scratch and decided to rename the record, No Destination but Heartbreak Ave. In the wake of losing, "Feel The Silence". Consisting almost entirely of new songs the record was nothing like the one that was almost complete of "Feel The Silence".
Press.
Sweet Misery selected as Track of the week August 28, 2006 by GarageBand.com
"Man on Fire" selected as track of the day on September 7, 2006, by GarageBand.com
JoeRockhead.com
Overall, it reminds me of some of the more magic moments of British folk rock. You remember—back when it had balls..."
"The Nightbirds Revolt".
Recorded immediately after the release of "No Destination but Heartbreak Ave.". "The Nightbirds Revolt" is a strong cohesive album. Born out of a sonic dream sequence. "Dylan Kight & The Nightbirds" played two dozen local shows for the support of this record. Receiving national press in Performing Songwriter where "The Nightbirds Revolt" was selected as a top 12 DIY release in December 2008.
"Places In Between".
An acoustic EP with some of the most personal songs Dylan Kight has released to date. Produced, engineered and mastered by David Barbe in Athens at Chase Park Transduction. David Barbe also played bass and backing vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="20808166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808166" title="Brandaris">
Brandaris

The Brandaris is a lighthouse on the Dutch Wadden Sea island Terschelling, in Friesland. The first Brandaris was built in 1323, but it was destroyed in 1570. The current tower was built in 1594 and is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 35032 and is rated with a very high historical value.
It is also a Dutch rolling tobacco brand, classified as heavy, containing 12mg of tar and 1.3mg of nicotine per 750mg of tobacco.

</doc>
<doc id="20808171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808171" title="Pygeum (genus)">
Pygeum (genus)

Pygeum is a genus consisting of tropical trees or shrubs limited to tropical Africa, South & South-east Asia, Northeastern Australia, New Guinea and some Pacific Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20808180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808180" title="James Farish">
James Farish

James Farish was the officiating governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 11 July 1838 to 31 May 1839. 

</doc>
<doc id="20808187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808187" title="Pul-i-Alam District">
Pul-i-Alam District

Pul-i-Alam is a district of Logar Province, Afghanistan.
The population of Pul-i-Alam is estimated at around 108,000, which is composed of Pashtuns, Tajiks and a few others. The capital of the district is Pul-i-Alam city, which is also the provincial capital.
Pul-i-Alam has undergone reconstruction work after the fall of Taliban government.
A Provincial Reconstruction Team (PRT) of the Czech Republic is based in the district.
Security and politics.
It was reported on 23 November 2009 that unknown armed men destroyed a girls' school in the district's headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="20808191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808191" title="William Kiernan">
William Kiernan

William Kiernan (2 April 1908 – 19 November 1973) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for six Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Kiernan was nominated for six Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20808194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808194" title="Charters Towers Airport">
Charters Towers Airport

Charters Towers Airport is an airport located north of Charters Towers, Queensland, Australia.
History.
World War II.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces Fifth Air Force stationed the following units at the airfield:
In addition, 370th Service Squadron managed the day to day USAAF Base operations of the airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20808195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808195" title="George William Anderson">
George William Anderson

George William Anderson (1791 – March 12, 1857) was the officiating governor of Bombay during the British Raj from 28 April 1841 to 9 June 1842. 
Anderson entered the Bombay Civil Service in 1806. He was responsible for drawing up the Bombay Civil Code of 1827 and served as a judge in the Sadr Diwani and Sadr Faujdari courts. In 1838, he was named to the Indian Law Commission. He was knighted in 1849.
He was 7th Governor of Mauritius from 8 Jun 1849 until 19 Oct 1850, when he was appointed governor of Ceylon, following the harsh suppression of the 1848 civil uprising by the previous office holder, Viscount Torrington. He resigned in 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="20808210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808210" title="Turnberry Associates">
Turnberry Associates

Turnberry Associates is an American real estate developer in residential, retail, hospitality and office. The company has developed more than $7 billion in commercial and residential property, including approximately of retail space, more than 7,000 condominium and condo-hotel residences, of class "A" office space and in excess of 2,000 hotel and resort rooms.
History.
After opening his first shopping center, South Hills Village, in Pittsburgh and then developing Monroeville Mall, Donald Soffer [http://www.turnberry.com/detail.php?pageName=executive_bios&bio_id=100] arrived in South Florida and saw the potential for development. In 1967, along with partner Eddie Lewis of Oxford Development Co., he purchased of submerged and undeveloped swamp and marshland facing the Intracoastal Waterway in North Dade County.
During the next 40 years, with their initial vision sketched on a cocktail napkin, Soffer and Lewis built that land into what is now the City of Aventura. They developed Turnberry Isle Resort and Country Club, Aventura Mall, thousands of residential units and numerous office buildings. Aventura is now a self contained city, known as a ‘City of Excellence,’[http://www.cityofaventura.com/] revolving around golf courses, lakes, bike and exercise paths and exclusive condominiums, hotels, shopping centers, office buildings, banks and more.

</doc>
<doc id="20808216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808216" title="EU Intelligence Analysis Centre (EU INTCEN)">
EU Intelligence Analysis Centre (EU INTCEN)

The EU Intelligence Analysis Centre (EU INTCEN) is an intelligence body of the European Union (EU). Since January 2011, the EU INTCEN is part of the European External Action Service (EEAS) under the authority of the EU's High Representative.
Mission.
EU INTCEN's mission is to provide intelligence analysis, early warning and situational awareness to the High Representative Catherine Ashton and to the European External Action Service, to the various EU decision making bodies in the fields of the Common Security and Foreign Policy and the Common Security and Defence Policy and Counter-Terrorism, as well as to the EU Member States. 
EU INTCEN does this by monitoring and assessing international events, focusing particularly on sensitive geographical areas, terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and other global threats.
History.
The EU INTCEN has its roots in the European Security and Defence Policy of 1999, which put a group of analysts working on open source intelligence under the supervision of the High Representative Javier Solana in what was then called the Joint Situation Centre. In the wake of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 11 September 2001, Solana decided to use the existing Joint Situation Centre to start producing intelligence based classified assessments. 
In 2002, the Joint Situation Centre started to be a forum for exchange of sensitive information between the external intelligence services of France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. At that time, the Centre's mission was:
At the request of Solana, the Council of the European Union agreed in June 2004 to establish within SITCEN a Counter Terrorist Cell. This Cell was tasked to produce Counter Terrorist intelligence analyses with the support of Member States' Security Services.
Since 2005, the SITCEN generally used the name "EU Situation Centre". In 2012, it was officially renamed "European Union Intelligence Analysis Centre" (EU INTCEN).
Organisation.
, the EU INTCEN is composed of two Divisions: 
The total number of EU INTCEN staff in 2012 and 2013 will be close to 70.
Single Intelligence Analysis Capacity (SIAC).
Since 2007, the EU INTCEN is part of the Single Intelligence Analysis Capacity (SIAC), which combines civilian intelligence (EU INTCEN) and military intelligence (EUMS Intelligence Directorate). In the framework of the SIAC, both civilian and military contributions are used to produce all-source intelligence assessments.
The EU INTCEN and the EUMS Intelligence Directorate are the main clients of the European Union Satellite Centre, which provides satellite imagery and analysis.
External links.
Statewatch: Secrecy reigns at the EU’s Intelligence Analysis Centre (January 2013)
Mai'a K. Davis Cross: [http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/15705854.2013.817805#.Um-AJKVeIds] "A European Transgovernmental Intelligence Network and the Role of IntCen," (2013) Perspectives on European Politics and Society, 14(3): 388-402.

</doc>
<doc id="20808221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808221" title="1974 Togo plane crash">
1974 Togo plane crash

The 1974 Togo plane crash refers to an incident on 24 January 1974, when a Togo Air Force Douglas C-47 Skytrain:5V-MAG carrying several notable political figures crashed at an isolated location near the village of Sarakawa in northern Togo. Gnassingbé Eyadéma, the President of Togo, was on board the plane, which was flying from Lomé to his native village, Pya when, on its descent, it crashed near Sarakawa. Eyadéma survived, but his French pilot and three other passengers died.
Eyadéma claimed the French had sabotaged the plane after he had reneged on an agreement with a French company over the use of a phosphate mine. Eyadéma attributed his survival to mystical powers and declared January 24 to be "Economic Liberation Day." Eyadéma even changed his first name from Étienne to Gnassingbé to remember the date of the day he survived the crash.
Following the incident, a monument was established by the Togolese government near the crash site. The monument depicts Eyadéma standing tall on top with the photographs of his generals at the side who died in the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="20808228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808228" title="Swords RFC">
Swords RFC

Swords RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Swords, County Dublin, Fingal County. They play in Division Three of the Leinster League. The club colours are green and navy.
History.
The club started out as Aer Lingus, and disbanded some time later on as a result of failing attendances, but was resurrected in the early 1960s. 
1993 saw the club's first major triumph, in the then Leinster Junior 3A League, beating Terenure College, after putting St Mary's College to the sword in the semi-final. In the 2000/2001 season they played in the First Division of the Leinster League before being relegated at the end on account of points difference. 
They changed their name to ALSAA (Aer Lingus Social and Athletic Association) in the 2002/2003 season, and then changed to their present name in July 2005. 
Famous past players include Dave McHugh, ex-international referee, and AJ Clarke, the former Connacht prop who started his career at ALSAA. Leinster rugby legend, Kenny Nuzum, continues to line out for the club to this day.
Youth Rugby.
In 2005, Swords RFC launched am ambitious project to introduce youth rugby into the town. The club appointed its own Youth Development Officer. This season they will field teams from Under-8 all the way up to Over-35s.
Contact.
www.swordsrfc.com
info@swordsrfc.com

</doc>
<doc id="20808238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808238" title="Big Laurel Branch Wilderness">
Big Laurel Branch Wilderness

Designated by the United States Congress in 1986, the Big Laurel Branch Wilderness is a wilderness area within Carter County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Its elevation is above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20808244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808244" title="Ranjit Desai">
Ranjit Desai

Ranjit Desai (Devanagari: रणजित देसाई) (1928–1992) was a popular Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India. He is best known for his historical novels "Swami" and "Shriman Yogi". He was awarded Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964 and Padma Shri in 1973.
He was born in 1928 in the town of Kowad in Kolhapur district of Maharashtra.
Works.
"Swami" and "Shriman Yogi" are considered to be his most prominent creations. He was awarded Sahitya Akademi Award in 1964 for his novel "Swami".

</doc>
<doc id="20808254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808254" title="Louis Diage">
Louis Diage

Louis Diage (July 22, 1905 – October 9, 1979) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Diage was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20808297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808297" title="Marzocco">
Marzocco

The Marzocco is the heraldic lion that is a symbol of Florence, best known in the rendition sculpted by Donatello in 1418–20.
"Marzocco" was commissioned by the Republic of Florence for the apartment of Pope Martin V at Santa Maria Novella, where this traditional "insegna" of communal republican defense stood guard atop a column at the foot of the stairs that led to the "sale del papa" ("Papal apartments") in the convent. The Pope lingered at Florence after leaving the Council of Constance during the Western Schism. The Donatello "Marzocco" was moved to its present location in Piazza della Signoria in 1812, the ancient original that had stood since 1377 in this spot at the end of the bench called the "ringhiera", upon which speakers traditionally harangued the crowd, having weathered with time to an unrecognizable mass of stone. The "ringhiera", once a platform from which the "Signoria" addressed the people, then a focus for popular tumult, was removed at the same time.
The obscure name "Marzocco", unfathomable to some scholars, would by others derive from "Marte" (Mars), whose Roman statue, noted by Dante and carried away by a flood of the Arno in 1333, had previously been Florence’s emblem. The lion is seated and with one paw supports the coat-of-arms of Florence, the fleur de lys called "il giglio", the lily. "Marzocco" was` invoked in the Florentine battle cry and figures in Gentile Aretino's poem "Alla battaglia":
"San Giorgio, Marzoccho Marzoccho<br>
suona percuoti, forbocta rintoccho<br>
Palle palle, Marzoccho Marzoccho<br>
legagli strecti e pon lor buona taglia!"
The "Marzocco" was such a powerful symbol of the Florentine Republic that the republican Florentine troops in the Siege of Florence (1529–1530) were known as "marzoccheschi", "sons of the Marzocco", and pro-Medici besiegers of the city in 1530 held a funeral and ritually buried a representation of it, with bells tolling. At Anghiari, subject to Florence from 1385, the 15th-century Palazzo del Marzocco faces the church; at Montepulciano stands the "Marzocco" column; at Volterra the "Marzocco" stands against the Palazzo dei Priori, seat of government; at Livorno the 15th-century "Torre del Marzocco" ("illustration, right") guards the harbor entrance; and at Pietrasanta there are a 16th-century "Marzocco" fountain and the "Marzocco" column, erected in 1513 when Pope Leo X awarded the commune to Florence. 
In the subjected territory of Pisa, when Charles VIII of France entered Sarzana in 1494, the Pisans took the "Marzocco", emblem of their subjugation to Florence, and cast it into the Arno. Live lions were kept at the commune's expense from the Middle Ages until they were banished in 1771.
At times the Marzocco would be crowned according to a motto by the writer of novelle" Franco Sacchetti: 
"Corona porto, per la patria degna,<br>
Acciochè libertà ciascun mantegna."
The crown, emphasizing the sovereign independence of Tuscany, appears on the "Marzocco" in Tuscany's first issue of postage stamps, 1851.
A richly sculptural socle with double baluster-like motifs at the corners was provided for the "Marzocco" about 1460. 
Donatello’s original, sculpted in the fine-grained gray sandstone of Tuscany called "pietra serena", has been conserved in the Bargello since 1855. The version still exposed to weather in Piazza della Signoria is a copy.
"Il Marzocco" was adopted for the name of a progressive weekly literary review in broadsheet format published in Florence in 1896–1932.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20808304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808304" title="Ironton Railroad">
Ironton Railroad

The Ironton Railroad was a shortline railroad in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania. Originally built in 1861 to haul iron ore and limestone to blast furnaces along the Lehigh River, traffic later shifted to carrying Portland cement when local iron mining declined in the early 20th century. Much of the railroad had already been abandoned when it became part of Conrail in 1976, and the last of its trackage was removed in 1984.
Origins and construction.
The railroad was originally incorporated on March 4, 1859 to run from Ballietville to a connection with the Lehigh Valley Railroad or the Catasauqua and Fogelsville Railroad. The charter also allowed the railroad to own land along the right-of-way containing iron ore or limestone. Its charter was amended on May 16, 1861 to change the terminus from Ballietville to Ironton, and was also given the power to buy connecting branch railroads and lay its own branches of up to to iron ore mines.
The principal reason for building the railroad was to haul iron ore from the mines at Ironton to iron furnaces along the Lehigh River. The rapid growth of the Lehigh Valley iron industry during the 1850s had resulted in a mining boom, but the heavy ore traffic was highly destructive to local roads. The Catasauqua and Fogelsville Railroad had already been built further to the south in the late 1850s to bring ore to furnaces of the Thomas Iron Company and the Crane Iron Company. Shortly after its incorporation, the railroad made a contract with Tinsley Jeter, who owned one of the large mines at Ironton, to construct the railroad. For a fixed payment, he agreed to build the railroad, which also purchased his iron mines. The railroad was leased to Jeter for three years from January 1, 1860.
The railroad was surveyed by George B. Roberts, later president of the Pennsylvania Railroad. Grading began at Ironton on 2 August 1859, and rails were laid by the end of January 1860. The ballasting of the railroad could not be finished until spring, and the first train ran on 24 May 1860. Regular service began in July or August. At the beginning of 1861, Roberts was elected one of the directors; Jay Cooke and his partner EW Clark, who financed the railroad, were also directors.
The line, as initially built, ran from the mines at Ironton down a small tributary to reach Coplay Creek, and then followed the creek to the vicinity of Egypt. Here the creek turns south, and the railroad continued east over a small ridge to meet the Lehigh Valley Railroad on the banks of the Lehigh River, on the north side of Coplay. Limonite ore from the mines along the railroad was shipped to iron companies along the Lehigh River via the Lehigh Valley Railroad. The closest was the Lehigh Valley Iron Company, just south of the interchange in Coplay; Thomas Iron, in Hokendauqua, and Crane Iron in Catasauqua were further downriver. The railroad also shipped limestone for the furnaces from quarries along the line (one of which it owned), and coal, probably to fuel the stationary steam engines at the mines.
During the summer of 1861, the railroad obtained permission under its amended charter to extend a branch to Siegersville and Orefield. Lying to the southwest of Ironton, these two towns were also the site of extensive ore mining. The right-of-way left the main line near Ormrod, and followed Coplay Creek to around Meyersville Road, then cut cross-country to Siegersville, turning south and descending the hill to Orefield.
The Siegersville Branch was completed to Siegersville by 1862, and reached Orefield soon thereafter. The company also bought out Jeter's lease and began independent operation on January 1, 1862. By the beginning of 1863, Cooke had been replaced on the board by his brother-in-law, William G. Moorhead, and Jeter had become a director.
Another charter amendment on January 30, 1866 allowed the railroad to lease ore lands along the right-of-way as well. On February 1, 1882, all of the Ironton's stock was bought by the Thomas Iron Company, which owned several mines along the right-of-way.
Shift to cement.
In 1884, shortly after its purchase by Thomas Iron, the first shipment of Portland cement was made over the railroad. Extensive cement deposits lie in the vicinity of the line, and cement became an increasing part of the railroad's traffic. This proved to be its saving grace as the local iron mining industry began to decline. The Siegersville Branch was cut back from Orefield to Siegersville sometime between 1876 and 1900. However, passenger service began on the railroad on November 1, 1898.
In 1902, the Ironton leased all of the trackage owned by Thomas Iron, including its line from Hokendauqua to West Catasauqua, and performed its plant switching. On December 21, 1906, Thomas Iron incorporated all of the trackage it owned, except for that immediately around the plant, as the Thomas Railroad. This was leased to the Ironton in 1907, and that year, a new branch was built off the Ironton near Egypt along Coplay Creek to reach the Thomas Railroad at West Catasauqua. The Ironton also built a large yard along the creek in West Catasauqua and a new interchange with the Catasquaua and Fogelsville, by that time controlled and operated by the Reading Company. 
In the early 20th century, the Ironton began to seek more diverse sources of revenue. Potato farmers became significant shippers on the Siegersville Branch, which also saw deer and buffalo being moved by rail to the Trexler Game Preserve in 1911. However, the Ironton's parent company could not escape the ongoing trends in iron manufacture. As Mesabi Range iron ores, hauled by rail, became increasingly favored for ironmaking, not only the local mines but the whole Lehigh Valley iron industry began to struggle. By 1914, the Ironton was the only profitable subsidiary of Thomas Iron. The Thomas Railroad was merged into the Ironton on December 4, 1917. After Thomas Iron collapsed in 1921, its stock was sold to Drexel & Company, which sold off Thomas Iron's railroad holdings. The Ironton became the joint property of the Reading and Lehigh Valley Railroads in November 1923.
Contraction and decline.
In late 1955, the Siegersville Branch was abandoned, due to increasing truck competition, minimal on-line industry, and the construction of the Northeast Extension across its right-of-way. In 1961, it was cut back about from Ironton to a farmers' co-operative. A further abandonment, from the co-op to Ormrod, took place in the late 1970s or early 1980s. In 1976, the Ironton followed the Lehigh Valley and the Reading to become a part of Conrail, but in 1984, the last remaining trackage was abandoned.
In 1996, Whitehall Township purchased of the right-of-way from Conrail, transforming it into the Ironton Rail Trail.
Stations.
The following stations existed along the railroad:
The Ironton also had trackage rights over the Lehigh Valley from Coplay to Lower Coplay, .

</doc>
<doc id="20808309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808309" title="Otto Kron">
Otto Kron

Otto Wilhelm Kron was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Otto Wilhelm Kron was born in Speyer, Rheinpfalz on the 28 February 1911. He studied Law at the University of Würzburg and was one of the early members of the Allgemeine-SS joining on the 1 October 1931 (SS number 31.441), he later joined the NSDAP on the 1 May 1933 (Party number 3.061.726).
Otto Kron quickly rose through the ranks of the SS and by 1935 he had been selected to become an officer and was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and was assigned to the SS-Totenkopfverbände (concentration camps guards) in Oberbayern at Dachau in 1937 and 1938.
On the 13 March 1938 he was involved in the Anschluss of Austria and in October 1938 the occupation of the Sudetenland.
World War II.
After the Polish Campaign Otto Kron was one of the cadre member of the SS "Totenkopf" Division when it was formed in October 1939, being given command of the 4th Company, "Totenkopf",
he was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in June 1940 for the Battle of France.
Otto Kron was also involved in the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa) being awarded the Iron Cross 1st class in December 1941 and the Eastern Front Medal awarded to all who suffered through the first Russian winter of the war in 1941/42 and awarded the Knight's Cross in August 1942, while in command of the 3rd SS Flak Battalion.
In April 1943 he took over command of the 3rd SS Reconnaissance Battalion, SS "Totenkopf" . During the Battle of Kharkov, Kron was severely wounded and served the rest of the war in Germany with a shortened stiff leg.
Post War.
Otto Kron survived the war and died at Dachau on the 9 August 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20808313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808313" title="List of UK Indie Chart number-one singles of 2009">
List of UK Indie Chart number-one singles of 2009

The UK Indie Chart is a weekly chart that ranks the biggest-selling singles that are released on independent record labels in the United Kingdom. It is compiled by the Official Charts Company and is based on both physical and digital single sales. In 2009, the chart was published in the UK magazines "ChartsPlus" and "Music Week", on BBC Radio 1's website and, from October, on the Official Charts Company's website. During the year, 19 singles reached number one.
The chart was significantly revamped in June 2009. Since the inception of the UK Indie Chart in 1980, the definition of whether or not a single was "indie" had depended on the distribution channel by which it was shipped—the record needed to be delivered by a distribution service that was independent of the four major record companies: EMI, Sony Music Entertainment, Warner Music Group and Universal Music Group. The new system altered the qualification criteria to include only singles from labels that were at least fifty per cent owned by a record company that was not one of the main four. This prevented major record companies from qualifying for the chart by outsourcing the shipping of their singles to smaller distribution services. These new changes were first unveiled at the 2008 annual general meeting of the British Phonographic Industry on 9 July, and the new chart went live on 29 June 2009. The first song to top the chart under the new system was "Bonkers" by Dizzee Rascal.
"Bonkers" spent seven consecutive weeks at the top of the UK Indie Chart in 2009, making it the longest-running indie number one of the year; it was the longest-running number one since Dizzee's previous single, "Dance Wiv Me", which spent nine weeks at the top in 2008. "Bonkers" was also the biggest-selling indie hit of the year, selling more than 480,000 copies and topping the official UK Singles Chart. Other high-selling indie tracks included Dizzee's "Holiday", which sold almost 280,000 singles and topped the UK Singles Chart, and "Sweet Disposition" by The Temper Trap, which sold nearly 220,000 copies and made the UK Top Ten for two weeks. Dizzee was the only act to have more than one single reach number one—namely "Bonkers", "Holiday" and "Dirtee Cash"—and his songs were at the top for a total of 14 weeks.
Chart-topping singles from the 2009 UK Indie Chart also included a new adaptation of "The Fields of Anfield Road", which was released by Liverpool Collective to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster, and "The Haggis", a charity record released by students of Alva Academy in aid of Comic Relief. Swedish singer Victoria Bergsman topped the chart under the pseudonym Taken by Trees, after her cover version of "Sweet Child o' Mine" by Guns N' Roses was used in an advert for the UK department store John Lewis.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20808339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808339" title="Gee Creek Wilderness">
Gee Creek Wilderness

Designated in 1975, the Gee Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area lying mostly within Polk County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Its northeasternmost section extends into Monroe County. Its elevation is above sea level. Gee Creek Wilderness is the smallest wilderness in the Cherokee National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20808345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808345" title="Robert Hedin">
Robert Hedin

Gunnar Robert Hedin (born February 2, 1966) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ystad.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal. He played two matches and scored ten goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal again. He played six matches and scored 16 goals.
In 2008 he became coach of the Norwegian national handball team.

</doc>
<doc id="20808364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808364" title="Radio 1476">
Radio 1476

Radio 1476 was an Austrian radio station, broadcast by the ORF, which allowed organizations and ethnic groups to share their programs. It was broadcast by the transmitter "Sender Bisamberg", on the frequency 1476 on medium wave, hence the name of the station. To extend to the programming offer, different program elements of Ö1 were used, as well as some productions made by the ORF.
History.
In 1933, a transmitter with a 100 kW performance was put in operation and was blown up in 1945, at the end of the Second World War by SS troops. 1950 a provisional transmitter was built with a performance of 35 kW and only 9 years later, in 1959, the new radio station was opened with four 120 kW transmitters, which expanded in 1975 with another 600 kW transmitter.
Because the Cold War could be seen as over, the ORF shut down the broadcasting on medium wave.
Only 2 years later, in 1997, the radio station was re-opened with the name "Radio 1476" using the same four old 120 kW-transmitters, but only with a restricted power of 60 kW. For the "Nachbar in Not" campaign, the 600 kW transmitter was turned on again. In the year 2000, the old 120 kW transmitters were replaced by a brand-new 100 kW transistor transmitter. 
On January 1, 2009, the radio station "Radio 1476" was closed down after 12 years of broadcasting. It was replaced by the new ORF webradio oe1campus.
Programming.
When Radio 1476 was launched in 1997, the program consisted mostly of elements from Ö1 and other radio stations.
From May 3, 1999, the radio was very engaged with "Nachbar in Not", a charity project for the Balkan area. After the re-commissioning of the 600 kW transmitter, it was possible to send information to the conflict areas in Yugoslavia, which were affected by the war.
Today, the program is very diverse and is compiled of many elements.
The programming time was from 6pm to 12:08pm.
Reception.
The program was broadcast on medium wave, on 1476 kHz. The range of the radio was often underestimated, as a notification was received from Scandinavia, confirming the reception of Radio 1476. An internet stream was also available from their website.

</doc>
<doc id="20808370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808370" title="Teenage Rebel">
Teenage Rebel

Teenage Rebel is a 1956 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Ginger Rogers. It was nominated for two Academy Awards; Best Costume Design and Best Art Direction (Lyle R. Wheeler, Jack Martin Smith, Walter M. Scott, Stuart A. Reiss).
The film was an adaptation of the play "A Roomful of Roses" by Edith Sommer, with Betty Lou Keim reprising her Broadway role.
Plot.
A sensitive young woman who has been living with her divorced father goes to live at her mother's home for three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20808385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808385" title="Anders Bäckegren">
Anders Bäckegren

Per Anders Bäckegren (born July 25, 1968) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gothenburg.
In 1992 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which won the silver medal. He played two matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20808392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808392" title="Michelle Willis">
Michelle Willis

Michelle Willis is a composer of religious and secular music. Much of her work has been in arranging the works of previous composers. Among her more widely cited arrangements are "More Holiness Give Me, and "Amazing Grace". She has also written original compositions such as "The Tender Mercies of the Lord", "Three Songs" and "The American Scout". Willis is also the composer of over 20 children's operas and two full length musicals. Her most recent production is the musical comedy, "Once Upon a Thyme", where she wrote the script and composed and orchestrated the musical score.
Willis is a graduate of Ricks College (Now Brigham Young University-Idaho) and Boise State University in choral education.
Willis also works as a private teacher of children in the arts of composition.
Willis currently lives in Herriman, Utah where she has served on the Herriman Arts Council since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20808405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808405" title="City Architect of Birmingham">
City Architect of Birmingham

The City Architect of Birmingham was a high-ranking position within the Public Works department of Birmingham City Council and provided the holder with a lot of power in the planning decisions of Birmingham, especially in the post-war period in which Birmingham underwent enormous regeneration. Combined with the City Engineer position, which was held by Sir Herbert Manzoni, the City Architect designed or had an important say in all city council building projects.
The position was created in the 1950s by the Public Works department to assist the design and construction of large building projects that were prompted by the demands of the growing population and by the vast amounts of money being invested into regenerating areas that had been devastated by the Luftwaffe in the Birmingham Blitz. In the 1950s, Birmingham was suffering from a housing shortage for approximately 65,000 families and the council's initial attitude was to construct temporary prefabricated homes. However, as demand for longer-lasting flats grew, the council decided that it these were necessary and that the five redevelopment areas, designated by Manzoni, were to be the key foci for modern housing provision.
1952–63: Alwyn Sheppard Fidler.
The first architect to be given the position of City Architect of Birmingham was Alwyn Sheppard Fidler, who moved from the chief architect for the new town of Crawley in 1952. In 1954, Fidler established his own Architect's Department as the work load increased. His initial commissions were small-scale projects such as the former Register Office on Broad Street, although he was given the opportunity to exhibit his preference towards mixed-use provision – usually a combination of residential properties and retail units. He also advocated the approach by the council towards high-density housing. In his first few years of being City Architect, Fidler witnessed the construction of many five and six story residential schemes designed by Manzoni such as the Marston Green estate. Fidler expressed his distate towards the designs of these estates, calling Manzoni's designs 'mud pies'. When Fidler created the Architect's Department, he was able to enforce three policies that would change the quality of housing design. Firstly, he ensured that he was responsible for all the housing projects that were being built by national contractors such as Wimpey that the city council was working with. Secondly, he ended the construction of Manzoni's six storey blocks and replaced them with schemes that were more specific towards the individual site and reflected for the need for the type of housing in the area. Finally, he called for the appointment of a landscape architect to improve the layout of large housing estate, a policy that surprised many Birmingham councillors. These policies did take time to come into effect as many of his designs were still affected by external forces and practices. Under Manzoni, the designs for housing blocks had been negotiated with the contractors to bring down construction costs and times. But the formation of his own department that gave him independence from Manzoni made it easier for Fidler to have a free hand in design.
The change in the quality of design was almost immediate with Fidler's designs for suburban flats in Rubery and the Hankley Farm estate being selected for an exhibition at the Royal Academy and also being published by the "Review" in 1954 for its annual Preview. The designs consisted of six storey blocks built of load-bearing brickwork. The brickwork was used for both the exterior and the thin infill walls. The first tower blocks to be constructed by the council was the construction of four tower blocks in Duddeston. Collectively known as the Duddeston Four, the 12-storey High, Queens, Home and South Towers, were all completed between 1954 and 1955 to a design by S. N. Cooke and Partners. The design was expensive and upon their completion, they were criticised by the council over their cost, despite receiving positive reviews from the "Municipal Journal" and "Architectural Review". These would be the last privately designed high-density residential properties constructed by the council.
As well as designing residential schemes, Fidler also collaborated with private architect's firms to produce designs for schemes such as Hall Green Technology College, designed in association with S. T. Walker and Partners and completed in 1958. The use of reinforced concrete, cedar boards and aluminium frames for windows and the lack of brickwork showed how much influence S. T. Walker and Partners had on the design. Another educational building designed by Fidler is Ladywood County Primary School in 1961. Part of the City Architect's work involved conservation and repairing buildings which had been damaged in World War II. An example of this is the reconstructed Edmund Street elevation above the entrance to Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery in 1958. A project that Fidler became involved with was the Civic Centre scheme which had started just before World War II and resulted in the partially completed Baskerville House. In 1958, he produced a less formal layout with four residential tower blocks linked municipal offices on their north side. Whilst this was never constructed in his time as City Architect, it was generally approved and modified by the successor to Fidler.
At the turn of the 1960s, the council began to propose and construct larger and more dramatic schemes. Manzoni's lack of experience in high-rise schemes led to Fidler being commissioned to design these more ambitious schemes. The Lyndhurst estate in Erdington was completed in 1960 to a design by Fidler and featured five tower blocks, including Harlech Tower which was the tallest tower block in the city upon completion. In the following year, the entire estate won a Civic Design Award reflecting the quality of the design and the use of materials. Whilst there had been opposition towards the demolition of the upmarket Victorian villas that were demolished to allow for the construction of the estate, much praise was given towards the masterplan which incorporated the existing mature trees. However, the council's increasing demand for more housing estates led to a lesser focus over quality of design. Fidler was a supporter of a phased approach to development, unlike the council who wanted schemes to be built all at once. In 1962, at a time when more homes were being demolished than being constructed by the council, Fidler urged the council to adopt the French Camus system which consisted of housing at a density of approximately 50 houses per hectare and 80 people per acre. The council refused this and demanded 48 homes per hectare with 75 people per acre. In 1963, following the rejection of his plan of a 'garden city' for the Castle Vale estate, Fidler resigned from his position. One of his final works was the expansion of the College of Advanced Technology (now Aston University) which was carried out in phases between 1957 and 1965. He was quickly succeeded by J. R. Sheridan-Shedden, the deputy City Architect who held the position temporarily. Upon taking the position, he designed a revised masterplan for the Castle Vale estate. The new masterplan used the Radburn Layout which consisted of super-blocks of housing, schools, retail and offices around a communal open space, a concept which was created by Clarence Stein in Radburn, New Jersey in 1929.
The council attempted to limit the damage caused to their reputation as a result of the scandal surrounding the resignation of Fidler by embarking on a major building project at Castle Vale with five new goals. They increased housing output at the estate by an extra 4,000 homes, aimed to reduce the cost of dwellings, introducing industrialised forms of construction to save labour, attracting new national contractors to work in Birmingham, and increase capacity by providing continuous work for contractors. Between 1968 and 1969, 30,000 had been constructed on the estate and the council boasted a 'world record'. Despite the vast increase in housing output since Fidler, the quality of design had deteriorated. Reinforced concrete became the main material used due to its low cost and ease of use. Following Fidler's departure, the council removed some of the power that the City Architect had in housing decisions. They also sought a new architect that shared their attitude towards construction.
1966–73: Alan Maudsley.
The council gained a reputation for large ambitious schemes as a result of the Castle Vale estate. The council even extended out of its own boundaries to take over and construct the Water Orton estate, which is now known as Chelmsley Wood. Alan Maudsley was a supporter of the council's plans for Castle Vale and introduced Bryants, a contractor, to the council and a relationship between the two ensued. Bryant was intent on creating a brand image through the construction of homes for councils and Birmingham City Council gave them this opportunity. Due to the reduced powers the city architect had over housing design, Bryant had an influential say in housing designs. They won two-thirds of high-rise housing contracts in the city, mainly due to their use of the Bison design system. One of their largest contracts was for the Druids Heath estate in the south of Birmingham which the company boasted would be "the largest industrialised building project in Britain". The main reason for Bryants' success in Birmingham was their adoption of the Bison method of industrialised system building.
The relationship between the council and Bryants was aided by an ex-Birmingham councillor and West Midlands MP who handled the firm's publicity. His influence in the company assisted them in awarding contracts in other Labour-controlled areas in the Black Country. To aid their position in securing contracts in Birmingham and the Black Country, Bryants gave gifts to senior members of the councils. The process in awarding contracts became less and less transparent. However in November 1973, Alan Maudsley along with private architects John Sharp and Evan Ebery were arrested and charged with corruption relating to the awarding of contracts to Bryants. The two private architects were also arrested for corruptly conspiring to give money towards paying transport costs, hotel bills and the provision of a London flat for Maudsley. Alan Maudsley pleaded guilty to entering a corrupt relationship with Sharp and Ebery at Birmingham Crown Court in 1975. In 1977, four Bryants directors were guilty on numerous counts of giving gifts to councillors. In 1978, Christoper Bryant, the owner of Bryants, went on trial at the Old Bailey denying two counts of plotting to bribe Maudsley.
Despite this, Maudsley did produce some designs for the city council. His focus was more towards public facilities, in a period when housing output was reaching its peak in Birmingham. Examples of facilities he designed or assisted in the design of include the Cannon Hill Park Boat House in 1967, which was designed in association with Edward L. Preston. The same two architects worked together to design the Perry Barr Refuse Disposal Works in 1969, although the design was changed significantly, including the removal of a tall chimney. Although the design for Birmingham Central Library is largely accredited to John Madin, a prolific local architect, Alan Maudsley played a vital part in the design of the building. His changes to the original design by Madin to reduce costs are said to be the main causes for the problems that the structure is now experiencing, for example the decision to construct it out of pre-cast concrete panels as opposed to Travertine marble which had been suggested by Madin. Conservation projects were also part of Maudsley's work load and in 1969 he designed the renovation of the Kingston Row terraced houses which date back to 1780. Maudsley still assisted in the design of major housing projects, such as Bromford Bridge in the Bromford area of Erdington. The housing estate housed approximately 6,000 people when opened in 1968 with numerous high-rise tower blocks and low-rise blocks set alongside the M6 motorway. Maudsley also designed and masterplanned an estate of 64 single storey houses on Kingstanding Beacon in the Kingstanding area.
After Alan Maudsley.
In 1974, Birmingham City Council underwent a major restructuring, prompted by boundary changes and changes to the West Midlands metropolitan county. As a result, the City Architect and City Engineer positions were removed. The Architect's Department was also merged with the Public Works Department to form the Department of Architecture and Planning. A new position, Chief Planner, was created in 1974. The council still has a team of architects, collectively known as the City Design Team and there is also a City Design Adviser who heads the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20808418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808418" title="Depside">
Depside

A depside is a type of polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond. Depsides are most often found in lichens, but have also been isolated from higher plants, including species of the Ericaceae, Lamiaceae, Papaveraceae and Myrtaceae. Depsides have antibiotic, anti-HIV, antioxidant, and anti-proliferative activity. As inhibitors of prostaglandin synthesis and leukotriene B4 biosynthesis, depsides are potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatories.
A depsidase is a type of enzyme that cuts depside bonds. One such enzyme is tannase.
Gyrophoric acid, found in the lichen "Cryptothecia rubrocincta", is a depside.

</doc>
<doc id="20808420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808420" title="Lalbag subdivision">
Lalbag subdivision

Lalbag subdivision is a subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Murshidabad municipality, Jiaganj Azimganj municipality and five community development blocks: Murshidabad–Jiaganj, Bhagawangola–I, Bhagawangola–II, Lalgola and Nabagram. The five blocks contain 44 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Murshidabad. 
Area.
Apart from the Murshidabad municipality and Jiaganj Azimganj municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 44 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Murshidabad–Jiaganj, Bhagawangola–I, Bhagawangola–II, Lalgola and Nabagram. There is no urban area under these five blocks.
Blocks.
Murshidabad–Jiaganj block.
Rural area under Murshidabad–Jiaganj block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bahadurpur, Kapasdanga, Prasadpur, Dahapara, Mukundabag, Tentulia, Dangapara and Natungram. Murshidabad and Jiaganj police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Murshidabad.
Bhagawangola–I block.
Rural area under Bhagawangola–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bhagawangola, Hanumantanagar, Kuthirampur, Mahisasthali, Habaspur, Kantanagar, Mahammadpur and Sundarpur. Bhagawangola police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bhagabangola.
Bhagawangola–II block.
Rural area under Bhagawangola–II block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Akheriganj, Baligram, Nashipur, Amdahara, Kharibona and Saralpur. Ranitala police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Nasipur Balagachi.
Lalgola block.
Rural area under Lalgola block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Airmari Krishnapur, Dewansarai, Lalgola, Nashipur, Bahadurpur, Jasaitala, Manikchak, Paikpara, Bilborakopra, Kalmegha, Maiya and Ramchandrapur. Lalgola police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Lalgola.
Nabagram block.
Rural area under Nabagram block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Amarkundu, Kiriteswari, Narayanpur, Shibpur, Gura–Pashla, Mahurul, Panchgram, Hajbibidanga, Nabagram and Rasulpur. Nabagram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Nabagram.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, eleven gram panchayats under the Lalgola block, viz. Airmari Krishnapur, Bahadurpur, Bilborakopra, Dewansarai, Jasaitala, Kalmegha, Lalgola, Manikchak, Nashipur, Paikpara and Ramchandrapur and the Kantanagar gram panchayat under the Bhagawangola–I block together will constitute the Lalgola assembly constituency of West Bengal. Maiya, the other gram panchayat under Lalgola block will be part of the Raghunathganj assembly constituency. The Bhagawangola–II block along with seven gram panchayats under the Bhagawangola–I block, viz. Bhagawangola, Hanumantanagar, Kuthirampur, Mahisasthali, Habaspur, Mahammadpur and Sundarpur will form the Bhagabangola assembly constituency. The Murshidabad–Jiaganj block, the Murshidabad municipality and the Jiaganj Azimganj municipality will form the Murshidabad assembly constituency. The Nabagram block will be part of the Nabagram assembly constituency. Nabgram constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. Raghunathganj, Lalgola and Nabagram constituencies will be part of the Jangipur (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas Bhagabangola and Murshidabad will be assembly segments of the Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20808424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808424" title="Shortcut to Somewhere">
Shortcut to Somewhere

Shortcut to Somewhere was the second single released from Genesis keyboard player Tony Banks's 1986 album "Soundtracks". The A-side, which had been part of the soundtrack for the film "Quicksilver", featured Fish on vocals, his only commercial recording outside Marillion before his departure from the band in late 1988. Fish also wrote the lyrics for the title track, a fast, keyboard-based pop song similar to the Genesis material of this period, with a typical 1980s production. A section of the song was performed live when Genesis played a special concert for the 40th anniversary of US label Atlantic Records in 1988. It is the only Tony Banks solo song to have been played live by the band.
Cover.
The cover features a photograph of Tony Banks and Fish each wearing a T-shirt of the other's band: Fish has an "Abacab" T-shirt, while Banks has a black Marillion T-shirt.
Video.
The video for the single is a "faux" vintage, partially black-and-white clip showing Fish and Banks riding old-fashioned bicycles in old-fashioned costumes. The clip is included on the DVD version of Fish's 2002 compilation album, "Kettle of Fish", but not found on the CD.
Track listings.
Source: Genesis discography
12" Single.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20808433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808433" title="Marlon Parmer">
Marlon Parmer

Marlon Palmer (born September 28, 1980) is an American basketball player who plays for the Colorado 14ers in the NBA D-League.
Notes.
All stats provided by:

</doc>
<doc id="20808445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808445" title="Jennifer Ashton">
Jennifer Ashton

Jennifer Lee Ashton (born April 23, 1969, on George Air Force Base in Victorville, California) is a physician, author and television medical contributor.
Early life and education.
Ashton was born in California to Dr. Oscar Garfein (a New York City cardiologist) and Dorothy Garfein (a registered nurse). She is married to Dr. Robert C. Ashton, Jr., a physician and surgeon, and has two children.
She attended Horace Mann School in Riverdale, New York, where she graduated in French and English. In 1991, she graduated from Columbia College, Columbia University with a bachelor's in art history. Her medical degree is from Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University in 2000.
Career.
Ashton practices as a board-certified Obstetrician & Gynecologist at Hygeia Gynecology, LLC, a private medical practice she founded in New Jersey. She served her residency at at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York. She has also been an attending physician at Englewood Hospital and Medical Center, an affiliate of Mount Sinai Medical Center, in Englewood, New Jersey.
Dr. Ashton is the author of two books, many articles in a variety of magazines, and contributed to a health blog for "The Bergen Record", a northern New Jersey newspaper. Her first book, "The Body Scoop for Girls," published in 2009, is an authoritative and frank discussion about puberty and more for teenage girls. Her second book, "Your Body Beautiful", published in 2012 is book about health and wellness for women in their middle life. 
Dr. Ashton began her television career in 2006 as the first female medical contributor on the national Fox News Channel. She appeared in The Learning Channel's "A Baby Story", on PBS and on Oprah & Friends XM radio's "The Dr. Oz Show".
In April 2009, Dr. Ashton started as CBS News Medical Correspondent. She contributed to all CBS media platforms including regular appearances on "The CBS Evening News with Katie Couric", "The Early Show", and is a featured expert commentator on WCBS Radio and its national affiliates. In January 2012, Dr. Ashton began as co-host of ABC's short lived "The Revolution" which was canceled in April 2012 due to poor viewership.
In October 2012 she began working as senior medical contributor to the ABC News Medical Unit with regular appearances on the morning news show "Good Morning America". In October 2013, she also joined the staff on the daytime medical talk show "The Doctors".
Starting December 2013, Dr. Ashton returned to school in pursuit of a Master's degree in nutrition from Columbia University.
Awards and honors.
In 2007, Dr. Ashton was recognized as a Woman of Achievement by the Girl Scouts of Northern New Jersey. In 2008, she received the Hope for The Future Award from The Octoberwoman Foundation for Breast Cancer Awareness.
Organizations.
Ashton is a member of the North American Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology and a Fellow of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. She serves on the Board of Trustees of The Arnold P. Gold Foundation for Humanism in Medicine and of The Community Chest.

</doc>
<doc id="20808451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808451" title="List of riots in Leeds">
List of riots in Leeds

Throughout its history Leeds has had several riots, often recurring in the same areas. Below is a list of recorded riots that have taken place. The most famous of these is perhaps the 1981 Chapeltown riot, which took place the same time as riots in London (Brixton), Birmingham (Handsworth) and Liverpool (Toxteth).

</doc>
<doc id="20808453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808453" title="Lourdes Academy High School (Brooklyn)">
Lourdes Academy High School (Brooklyn)

Cristo Rey Brooklyn High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Brooklyn, New York. The school opened in August 2008 with an initial freshman class of 43 students, and operates within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn.
Background.
The school operates on the site of the former Our Lady of Lourdes Elementary School, which closed in June 2005.
Lourdes Academy opened in August 2008 and graduated its first class in 2012. It is part of the Cristo Rey Network of high schools nationwide, the original being Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in Chicago.
In July 2011, Lourdes Academy was renamed Cristo Rey Brooklyn High School.
The Cristo Rey Model.
In January 2008, Loyola Press released a book titled "More than A Dream: How One School's Vision is Changing the World". The book, authored by G.R. Kearney, a writer and former volunteer teacher at Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in Chicago, documents the unlikely development of the Cristo Rey model and its unremarkable success compared to regular schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20808464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808464" title="Calochortus raichei">
Calochortus raichei

Calochortus raichei is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Cedars fairy-lantern, or Cedars mariposa lily. It is endemic to Sonoma County, California, where it is known only from The Cedars, an unincorporated area outside Guerneville near Cazadero. It was named for botanist Roger Raiche, who first identified it as a distinct species in 1987. It is limited to the serpentine soil on the banks of the Big Austin Creek in this isolated area. 
Description.
It is a perennial herb producing a stem which can be quite tall for a mariposa lily, reaching a meter in height. The basal leaf is up to 40 centimeters long and does not wither at flowering; there may be smaller leaves farther up the stem. The herbage of the plant is generally very waxy in texture. 
The inflorescence bears one or two nodding flowers, spherical in shape with their petal tips touching. The three sepals are about 2 centimeters long and dull red to greenish, and the three petals about 4 centimeters in length and yellow, often with darker tinting. The petals are coated inside and fringed with hairs. The fruit is an angled capsule around 3 centimeters long containing several brown seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20808469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808469" title="William Hazell">
William Hazell

William Hazell, Jr. was the President of New Jersey Institute of Technology from 1970 until 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20808480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808480" title="Ola Lindgren">
Ola Lindgren

Per Ola Markus Lindgren (born February 29, 1964) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Halmstad.
In 1988 he was a member of the Swedish handball team which finished fifth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored ten goals.
Four years later he was part of the Swedish team which won the silver medal. He played all seven matches and scored twelve goals.
At the 1996 Games he won his second silver medal with the Swedish team. He played six matches and scored three goals.
His last Olympic appearance was at the Sydney Games in 2000 when he won his third consecutive silver medal with the Swedish team. He played all eight matches and scored four goals. 

</doc>
<doc id="20808503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808503" title="Florian Bague">
Florian Bague

Florian Bague (born 27 July 1984 in Besançon) is a French football goalkeeper.
Career.
Bague began his career at CO Châlons. In 2005 he joined Ligue 2 side US Boulogne and spent seven years playing for the club until June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20808505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808505" title="Ibrahim Taaj Al Din">
Ibrahim Taaj Al Din

Ibrahim Taaj Al Din (sometimes spelt Taaj Eddin or Tajeddin) (born 1981) is a Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Aman al 'aam in the Libyan Premier League. He plays as a striker.
Taaj al Din began his career at Sweahly, starting his Libyan football career with the Misrata club. He scored 12 goals for the club in the 2005-06 season. He continued his career in the top flight, moving to Madina. where he achieved double figures, putting the "The Black Castle" in third place with his 10 goals.
Taaj al Din's next move was to Ahly Benghazi where he scored one goal for the club.
He moved to Aman al Aam in October 2008, scoring two goals in the capital club's brave battle against the drop in the 2008–09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20808517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808517" title="Robert Van Houten">
Robert Van Houten

Dr. Robert W. Van Houten (1905–19??, class of 1930) was the 4th President of New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) from 1947 until 1970.
Education.
Robert graduated from the "New Jersey Normal School" of Newark, New Jersey in 1924. He studied at Newark College of Engineering (NCE which is the old name of New Jersey Institute of Technology) from 1926 and graduated with a Bachelors of Science degree in Civil Engineering in 1930 with highest academic honors.
Career.
After graduating from high school in 1924, Robert taught for two years in the public schools of "Essex Fells" and Roseland. It was there where he found his love for teaching.
While pursuing for his BS degree at NCE, he also worked and gained valuable engineering experience during the summers in the engineer's office at Irvington, New Jersey, and later with "A. C. Widsor Construction Co.", "H. R. Goeller, Inc., and Wallace" and "Tiernan Company" in Belleville.
Allan R. Cullimore, the 3rd President of NCE, saw something in Robert and offered him an "Instructorship" in "Mathematics" during his senior year with small pay and no promises.
Robert served successively at "Newark College of Engineering" as an "Instructor", "Assistant Professor", "Associate Professor", "Assistant to the President", "Assistant Dean", "Dean", "Acting President", "President" before retiring as "President Emeritus" in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20808520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808520" title="Raimonds Staprans">
Raimonds Staprans

Raimonds Staprans is a well-known artist and playwright both in the United States and his native Latvia. Staprans was born in 1926 in Riga, Latvia. He now lives in San Francisco, California with his wife, scientist Ilona Staprāns. He has two daughters, Maretta Staprans Barlow and Alda Staprans Mednis.
After living in occupied Latvia and in a Displaced Persons camp during World War II, Staprans immigrated to the United States with his family in 1947. He studied art at the University of Washington under Alexander Archipenko and Mark Tobey, then moved to the San Francisco Bay Area to begin graduate studies at the University of California, Berkeley. He studied with Hans Hofmann and Karl Kasten, among others, and graduated with a Masters of Fine Arts in 1954. Staprans began exhibiting his art in the Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco. He currently exhibits at the Hackett | Mill Gallery in San Francisco and at the Peter Mendenhall Gallery in Los Angeles.
Staprans' work is held in the permanent collections in the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the San Jose Museum of Art, and the Portland Art Museum, among others. A career retrospective of his art opened at the Pasadena Museum of California Art in March, 2006, was shown at the Hackett-Freedman Gallery and traveled to Riga, Latvia where it was exhibited in the Latvian National Museum of Art later that year.
Staprans' skillfully constructed still life and landscape paintings are notable for the artist's sensitive response to light and color. A recent review of his work exhibited in Los Angeles compared the "tasteful seriousness" of his paintings to that of Cézanne. Staprans is said to examine the "architecture" of everyday objects in his art using explosive color and flattened compositions, creating a "tension between representation and abstraction that plays with viewers' expectations."
Staprans is also an accomplished playwright. Most of his plays are set in Latvia during the 20th century. His play ""The Freezing"" was produced in 1979 by the San Francisco Little Theater and the Latvian National Theater in 1980. His 1989 play, ""Four Days in June"", depicted the Soviet occupation of Latvia in 1940. It was performed in Riga to more than 100 sold-out audiences, and later won first prize in the Baltic Theatre Festival. ""Four Days in June"" is regarded as having played an integral part in the pro-democracy movement in Latvia during the momentous changes following the end of the Soviet Union.
In 2003, Staprans was awarded Latvia's highest civilian honor, the Order of the Three Stars, the Latvian equivalent of the United States Presidential Medal of Freedom.
An extensive interview with Raimonds Staprans was conducted by the Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution, by Paul Karlstrom in 1997. Karlstrom later published a fully illustrated book entitled ""Raimonds Staprans: Art of Tranquility and Turbulence"".

</doc>
<doc id="20808534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808534" title="Highland Hospital (Rochester, New York)">
Highland Hospital (Rochester, New York)

Highland Hospital is located in Rochester, New York, and is an affiliate of the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC), which is part of the University of Rochester.
Founded in 1889, Highland Hospital has a history of innovating and personalizing care. The hospital is a region leader in specialties such as bariatric surgery, joint replacement, geriatric care, women’s services and maternity. The 261-bed organization and its 2,400 employees are committed to providing patient- and family-centered care. 
http://highland.urmc.edu

</doc>
<doc id="20808544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808544" title="Allan Cullimore">
Allan Cullimore

Allan R. Cullimore was the 3rd President of New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) from 1920 until 1947.
Cullimore was a graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Prior to this Cullimore had been a member of the faculty of the University of Toledo and then the first dean of the University of Delaware College of Engineering.
Cullimore was known to have published a book on the use of the slide-rule in 1915.
A number of things at NJIT are named after Cullimore including "Cullimore Hall" which houses the "College of Science and Liberal Arts", the "Newark College of Engineering Cullimore Doctoral Fellowship", the "Allan R. Cullimore Medal" and the "Cullimore Award".

</doc>
<doc id="20808573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808573" title="Lakeview School District">
Lakeview School District

Lakeview School District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20808576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808576" title="Daniel Hodgdon">
Daniel Hodgdon

Daniel Hodgdon was the President of New Jersey Institute of Technology from 1918 until 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20808588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808588" title="Charles A. Colton">
Charles A. Colton

Charles A. Colton was the first director of Newark Technical School (now the New Jersey Institute of Technology) from 1881 until 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20808601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808601" title="Theodore Allen">
Theodore Allen

Theodore Allen, or known simply as The Allen, (fl. 1880–1890) was an American gambler, political organizer, saloon keeper and head of a criminal family in New York City during the mid-to late 19th century. Born to a devout and prominent Methodist family, he and four of his brothers were notorious underworld figures; Wesley, Martin and William Allen were professional burglars while the fourth brother, John Allen, ran an illegal gambling den.
He was the owner of "The American Mabille", named after the Jardin de Mabille in Paris, originally located at a Bleecker Street home. The popular resort included a dance hall and concert saloon, in the basement and first floor respectively, which housed ""all classes of the demi-monde from the sun-bleared Cyprian of the Bowery ... to the diamond-bedecked mistress of some sporting man"" and where it was said ""dissolute women in gaudy tights danced and sang ribald songs"". It was also notorious for luring its female working class patrons into prostitution, one journalist claiming that the concert saloon caused ""the ruin of more young girls then all the dive keepers in New York"". Allen owned half a dozen similar establishments, among them the St. Bernard Hotel at Prince and Mercer Streets, as well as financed gambling dens, brothels and other ""places of ill-fame"". Closely associated with many criminals and gang chieftains of the period, as well as the principal competitor of Billy McGlory's "Armory Hall", he planned and participated in numerous bank and store robberies. He eventually fled the city after killing a gambler and disappeared.

</doc>
<doc id="20808605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808605" title="Ross Dowd">
Ross Dowd

Ross Dowd (17 April 1907 – 25 August 1965) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Dowd was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20808609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808609" title="Kandi subdivision">
Kandi subdivision

Kandi subdivision is a subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Kandi municipality and five community development blocks: Kandi, Khargram, Burwan, Bharatpur–I and Bharatpur–II. The five blocks contain 50 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Kandi. 
Area.
Apart from the Kandi municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 50 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Kandi, Khargram, Burwan, Bharatpur–I and Bharatpur–II. There is no urban area under these five blocks.
Blocks.
Kandi block.
Rural area under Kandi block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Andulia, Hizole, Kumarsanda, Purandarpur, GokarnaI, Jashahari Anukha–I, Mahalandi–I, Gokarna–II, Jashahari Anukha–II and Mahalandi–II. Kandi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kandi.
Khargram block.
Rural area under Khargram block consists of 12 gram panchayats, viz. Eroali, Jaipur, Kirtipur, Padamkandi, Balia, Jhilli, Mahisar, Parulia, Indrani, Khargram, Margram and Sadal. Khargram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Nagar.
Burwan block.
Rural area under Burwan block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Burwan–I, Kalyanpur–II, Panchthupi, Sundarpur, Burwan–II, Kharjuna, Sabaldaha, Biprasekhar, Kuli, Sabalpur, Kalyanpur–I, Kurunnorun and Sahora. Burwan police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gram Salika.
Bharatpur–I block.
Rural area under Bharatpur–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Alugram, Bharatpur, Gundiria, Sijgram, Amlai, Gadda, Jajan and Talgram. Bharatpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bharatpur.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Khargram block and two gram panchayats under the Burwan block, viz. Kalyanpur–I and Kalyanpur–II, will together constitute the Khargram assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other eleven gram panchayats under the Burwan block along with three gram panchayats under the Bharatpur–I block, viz. Gadda, Gundiria and Jajan, will together form the Burwan assembly constituency. The Kandi block and the Kandi municipality will be part of the Kandi assembly constituency. The Bharatpur–II block and five gram panchayats under the Bharatpur–I block, viz. Alugram, Bharatpur, Sijgram, Amlai and Talgram, will together form the Bharatpur assembly constituency. Khargram and Burwan constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. The Khargram constituency will be part of the Jangipur (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas Burwan, Kandi and Bharatpur constituencies will be assembly segments of the Baharampur (Lok Sabha constituency).
References.
there is a excellent village in Murshidabad district under bharatpur panchayat name karandi.i thing it should get nirmal gram award.

</doc>
<doc id="20808622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808622" title="Damien Perrinelle">
Damien Perrinelle

Damien Perrinelle (born 12 September 1983 in Suresnes) is a French football defender.
Career.
Perrinelle began his career at Amiens and in 2004 joined US Créteil with whom he made his professional debut. In 2005 he joined Ligue 2 side Clermont Foot, where he stayed just one season, before moving to US Boulogne, then of the Championnat National. He spent four seasons at Boulogne, and was part of the team that won promotion to Ligue 1 in 2009. In the summer of 2010, he rejoined Clermont Foot on a three year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20808642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808642" title="Justin Prinstein">
Justin Prinstein

Justin Prinstein (born February 4, 1984) is an American professional baseball player who played in the inaugural Israel Baseball League in 2007.
Prinstein was born in Detroit, Michigan. He played Division 1 baseball at George Washington University and has continued in his professional career in Belgium, Israel, Australia and the Netherlands. In 2007, he pitched a no-hitter in his first professional start in Belgium and then moved on to the inaugural season of the Israel Baseball League, the first-ever pro baseball league in the middle east, while pitching for the Netanya Tigers in Israel. He was named to the North All-Star team as a pitcher, and ended up hitting .318 as Designated Hitter during the 2nd half of the season.
Prinstein, known as Boomer to teammates, played winter ball in Adelaide, Australia for Southern Districts in the South Australia Baseball League, where he was a team-mate of Adam Crabb, a fellow IBL All-Star for Tel Aviv Lightning in 2007.
In 2008 he pitched for the Tex Town Tigers in the Dutch First Division. The following season, in 2009, Prinstein signed as starting pitcher for Almere'90, more commonly known as the Almere Magpies, in the Netherlands. The team won promotion following a five-game final, with Prinstein getting the win in relief of Game 5. In 2010 he returned to the Magpies to pitch in the Hoofdklasse.
Prinstein transfered to the HSV Stealers of Hamburg, Germany, in the German Bundesliga for the last two weekends of the 2010 season (2 starts, 1-1 W/L), helping the club reach the playoffs, where he was ineligible to pitch due to the late transfer. He returned to Hamburg the following summer, but was released after the first half of the season. 
In 2009/2010 winter months, Prinstein pitched for the West Stirling Indians in the Western Australian state league competition, with stats of 11 starts, 9 losses, 1 win and 1 no decision.
In addition to his playing career, Prinstein has coached with the Hungarian national team since 2011. In 2012, he became head coach, and was a Coach of the Year finalist in the European Baseball Coaches Association voting. Connected to his work in Hungary, he has supported the Janossomorja Rascals of the Hungarian league as a coach and player, helping them to multiple Hungarian League final appearances and Hungarian Cup championships between 2010 and 2013.
Prinstein was head coach and a starting pitcher of Hrosi Brno in the Czech Extraliga in 2013. 
Prinstein has worked as an MLB scout for multiple clubs in Europe, and is currently an international scout for the Baltimore Orioles since 2013.
Prinstein is an alumni of University of Detroit Law School, and a relative of former Olympic gold medalist Myer Prinstein.

</doc>
<doc id="20808646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808646" title="Pawana">
Pawana

Pawana (or: Awaité Pawana) is a short story written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
Historical Basis.
According to the author this is a true story about the whaler Charles Melville Scammon (1825–1911). In December 1857, Charles Scammon, in the brig "Boston", along with his schooner-tender "Marin", entered Laguna Ojo de Liebre (Jack-Rabbit Spring Lagoon), later known as Scammon's Lagoon, and found one of the Gray Whale's last refuges. The story resembles the tale of Captain Ahab in Herman Melville's Moby-Dick, who was also on the deck of a wooden ship searching for a white whale.
Pawana is about the discovery of a lagoon in Mexico at the end of the 19th century where gray whales went to reproduce. After Captain Scammon mistakenly decided to exterminate the whales, he realized that he had made a mistake so terrible it could become irreparable. Captain Scammon then set about dedicating his life's work to saving these whales (and was helped by a Mexican revolutionary in doing so).
Meaning of "Awaité Pawana".
"Awaité Pawana" is the cry uttered by the lookout when he spies the whales.
Narrative.
Araceli, the old Indian slave from Nantucket tells a young cabin boy about the exploits of the Indians of the past through mime and gesture. John, the eighteen-year-old cabin boy and Captain Scammon alternate in recounting a journey.
Adaptions.
Georges Lavaudant staged Pawana for the Festival d'Avignon 
Reviews.
Read a ten page review of "Awaite Pawana" online 
Publication history.
First English Translation.
"Awaité Pawana" was translated into English as "Pawana" by Christophe Brunski
(AGNI Magazine:published at Boston University 2008)there is a translation available online

</doc>
<doc id="20808660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808660" title="James W. Sullivan">
James W. Sullivan

James W. Sullivan (17 July 1909 – 10 October 1974) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Around the World in 80 Days".

</doc>
<doc id="20808686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808686" title="Royston Nave">
Royston Nave

Texas artist Royston Nave (1886–1931) is the namesake of the Nave Museum, an art museum in Victoria, Texas. The Nave Museum was built by his widow, Mrs. Emma McFaddin McCan Nave in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20808693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808693" title="Cassandra Jean">
Cassandra Jean

Cassandra Jean Whitehead, also known as Cassandra Jean, is an American actress, model, and beauty pageant queen from Houston, Texas. Jean attended Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi.
Beauty pageants.
Jean competed in the Miss Texas Teen USA pageant from 2002 to 2004. She was a semifinalist in both 2003 and 2004, and held the local title "Miss Houston Teen USA" in 2003. In these pageants, she competed alongside future "Miss Texas USA" Lauren Lanning (2006) and Magen Ellis (2007). Jean (as Cassandra Whitehead) won Miss Corpus Christi 2004, a title held by Eva Longoria in 1998. She made the top 10 at Miss Texas USA 2005. Jean competed in the Miss California USA 2008 pageant but was disqualified due to her appearance on "America's Next Top Model". The following year she was a judge for the Miss Newport Beach pageant. Whitehead was a 19-year-old senior at Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi while participating in "America's Next Top Model".
"America's Next Top Model".
Jean was chosen to compete on the UPN reality television show "America's Next Top Model, Cycle 5" but quit the competition during the fourth episode. She became emotional during the makeover episode, wherein her long, dark brown hair was cut extremely short and dyed blond. During the next judging round, host Tyra Banks was still not pleased with Jean's haircut, wanting to make it even shorter but Jean refused. Claiming that the producers gave her one night to consider her options, she walked out the following morning. In 2009, she was voted one of the most memorable contestants by AOL Canada entertainment. Jean made an appearance in "The Cycle 5 Reunion", "America's Next Top Model: Where the Girls Are", and "America's Next Top Model: Exposed".
Acting career.
Jean appears in the films "Fast & Furious" (2009) and "2 Dudes and a Dream" (2009). She has had guest roles on several TV shows including "One Tree Hill", "The Middleman", ', ', "Las Vegas", "Hannah Montana", "Twenty-Four Seven" (MTV), "America's Next Producer" (TV Guide Network), and a speaking role on "Mad Men".
Jean hosted "Lucky Strike's Bowl for a Cause", MySpace and Tommy Lee's Super Bowl XL Event, Miss Corpus Christi 2006, "America's Next Top Model Diva Dish" along with "Red Carpet Makeovers" for the "Tyra Banks Show". She also appeared on the game show "1 vs. 100" on February 15, 2008, winning $500,000.
Personal life.
She married actor Stephen Amell on December 25, 2012, while on vacation in the Caribbean. They welcomed their first child, a girl, Maverick Alexandra Jean Amell, on October 15, 2013. Maverick goes by Mavi for short.

</doc>
<doc id="20808722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808722" title="Antoine Devaux">
Antoine Devaux

Antoine Devaux (born 21 February 1985 in Dieppe) is a French football defender since 2009 playing for French Ligue 1 side Reims.
Career.
Devaux began his career at Le Havre. In 2007 he joined Ligue 2 side FC Gueugnon, where he stayed just one season, before moving to US Boulogne. On 19 June 2009 the 24-year old midfielder has left US Boulogne to sign a three-year deal with FC Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20808744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808744" title="2006 Chicago Big Box Ordinance">
2006 Chicago Big Box Ordinance

On July 26, 2006 the Chicago City Council voted to approve an ordinance which for 7 weeks made Chicago the largest United States city that required big-box retailers to pay what the ordinance's sponsors characterized as a "living wage." Formally entitled "AMENDMENT OF TITLE 4 OF MUNICIPAL CODE OF CHICAGO BY CREATION OF NEW CHAPTER 404 ENTITLED "LARGE RETAILERS"", the ordinance was popularly known as the "Living Wage Ordinance" or "Big Box Ordinance." The ordinance defined "Large Retailers" as those with annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more or with stores of 90,000 square feet or more. "Large retailers" were required to pay $9.25 per hour in wages and $1.50 per hour in benefits, with a schedule of cost of living increases. (At the time, the minimum wage was $6.50 per hour state and $5.15 federal).
The ordinance was sponsored by Aldermen Moore, Flores, Tillman, Preckwinkle, Hairston, Lyle, Beavers, Stroger, Beale, Pope, Balcer, Cardenas, Olivo, Theodore Thomas, Coleman, Latasha Thomas, Murphy, Troutman, Munoz, Chandler, Ocasio, Ed Smith, Reboyras, Matlak, Austin, Colon, Allen, Laurino, Levar, Shiller, Schulter, Maryanne Smith and Stone.
This legislation was widely reported in the national press. More than two dozen publications, including the "Fort Worth Star-Telegram", "Houston Chronicle", "The Kansas City Star", "Rocky Mountain News", "The Seattle Times", and "Philadelphia Daily News", carried the story.
Mayor Richard M. Daley vetoed the ordinance on September 11, 2006, and two days later the City Council sustained the veto.

</doc>
<doc id="20808747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808747" title="Hamza Makhdum">
Hamza Makhdum

Hamza Makhdum (1494–1563), also called Mehboob-Ul-Alam, and Sultan-Ul-Arifeen, and popularly known as "Makdoom Sahib", was a sage born to Baba Usman, of the syed dynasty family hailing from Tujar Shareef in Kashmir). He was a hereditary landlord, a scholar and a mystic Sufi Muslim saint of high order.
Aie Aatishaie Faraqat Dil Ha kebab Karda
Selab Ashtiyaqat Jaun Ha Kharab Kardah
One of the most sacred shrines in Kashmir, Makhdoom Sahib Shrine is located on the southern side of Hari Parbat Hill ( Kohi Maran) in Srinagar. This mosque, in the name of the Sufi saint Makhdoom Sahib or Hazrat Sultan-Ul- Arifeen (R.A), placed below the attractive Mughal Fort alias the Hari Parbat Fort, is a structure with many pillars and is a rare example of Mughal architectural style. Sheikh Hamza Makhdoom, entitled Mehboob-Ul-Alam, and Sultan-Ul-Arifeen, was born to Baba Usman, at Tujar Sharief, a village in Kashmir of the Chandra-Vanshi Rajput family, a hereditary landlord, a scholar and a mystic saint of high order. According to Baba Dawood Khahi (RA), his devotee.
Hazrat Baba Dawood Khaki was one of the pious and renowned companions of Hazrat Sultan ul Arifeen Makhdoom Saheb (R.A.) Baba Dawood Khaki was the chief Qazi of Kashmir and a scholar of great repute. It is said that Shah Hamdan, the great saint of Hamdan offered prayers at the platform where now the present mosque of Baba Dawood Khaki stands. He writes that the father of Sheikh Hamza Makhdoom(R.A) was among the chiefs lone tribe and he was linked to a Kashmiri royal tribe namely ‘Chakoun’ and few relatives of Sheikh Hamza Makhdoom(R.A) were inhabitants of Kachi Hama, a village on the foot of a mountain far from Tujar.
The title Sultan-Ul-Arifeen indicates to serious efforts and painstaking prayers did. During his studies he used to meditate a lot. Baba Davood opines that Hazrat Makhdoom did not rest during night for years but remained engaged in prayers. He inherited the mysticism, and from the very childhood was inclined to the company of holy men, and to the truth. Having read the holy Qu’ran in the village, he went to the institution of Sheikh Ismial Kabroi for higher studies.
Once he was playing instead of going to elementary school (maktab) His father happened to come there, grew angry, and beat him so severely that he fell ill. From the day he pledged that he would never play with his Grand Father Zaiti-Rena. He went to see Fatah Ullah (son of Hazrat Baba Ismial) the spiritual teacher of the Rena tribe, and learnt the Qu’Oran for a year in the monastery at Shamsi-Chak , he was enrolled into the seminary of Baba Ismial Kubrawi, as a student, for higher studies. He studied the Jurisprudence, Tradition, Logic, Philosophy, Ethics, and Mysticism.
Sheikh Hamza Makhdoom(R.A) came to Srinagar were he was nurture and raised to Higher Spiritual state. Sultan-Ul-Arifeen says, “I was directed to say the daroods, mention of the names, and prayers because of His kindness and whenever I sluggish in the conduct I was reprimanded. “Hard work and painstaking prayers in the early youth made him old before time” Hazrat Sultan-Ul- Arifeen (R.A), according to Baba Dawood (R.A) used to heave a sigh and weep often while interpretation this verse:
“ Sokhtam Chandaun Ki Bartan Nesiat Degar Jaie Daag
Baidazien Khawhum Nihadin Daag Bar Balaie Daag”
Renouncement from Music
Baba Dawood Khaki (R.A) describes an incident when Hazrat Sultan ul Arifeen Makhdoom Saheb (R.A.) reached to a place where Mehfili Mousiki was at its apex and in the mean time Nimaz time drew near, Hazrat Sultan ul Arifeen Makhdoom Saheb (R.A.) left the Mehfil and after ablution offered Nimaz and suggested that Gusul should have been taken before offering the Nimaz for Sharia dies not allow to listen to music.
Baba Dawood (R.A) narrates that many a time in the dream he witnessed himself in Mehfili Mousiki and every time he was asked to seek forgiveness from Allah for Hazrat Sultan ul Arifeen Makhdoom Saheb (R.A.) used to point out the cause of seeing such dreams and used to suggest him not to get involved to any such activity that is prohibited by Sharia.
The Miraculous meeting with Sheikh Najam-ud- Kubrawi(R.A) .
According to “Dastoor-ul-Saliqeen” (page no. 152) Hazrat Sultan-Ul- Arifeen (R.A), one day while staying in his khankah, in an engrossing mood came out of Khankah and walked along the foot of a mountain and miraculously long white beard appeared on his face and a group of saints welcomed him and introduced him with Sheikh Najam-ud- Kubrawi(R.A) and suggested him to obey the teachings of the great saint which Hazrat Sultan-Ul- Arifeen (R.A) acknowledged with submission throughout his life and Hazrat Sultan-Ul- Arifeen (R.A) became his admirer. Sultan-Ul-Arifin’s whole life was full of revelations and miracles.
One day he went to the house of a saint Sheikh Khawaja Ishaq, and was served with roasted birds for the breaking of the fast (Iftar). The sage ate them, collected their bones raised his hands in prayer, and the bones joined together, the birds came to Life and flew out of the window. Baba Davood opines that Hazrat Makhdoom(R.A) were copious with divine gifts, the most revered offerings were as follows: a) Khashaf-i- Qaloob, b) Khashaf-i- Qaboor, c)Khashaf-i- Israr, d) Taie Haroof, and e) Taie Makan.
Sheikh Hamza Makhdum passed away in the Hijri year 984 during the reign of Sultan Ali Shah Kochak. His colleague Tahir Rafique said his funeral prayer. He was buried near Hari parbat ( Koh-i- Maran). Thousands of people visit the shrine to pay their respects and receive his blessings.

</doc>
<doc id="20808756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808756" title="Semilimax">
Semilimax

Semilimax is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Vitrinidae.
Species.
The genus "Semilimax" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20808769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808769" title="George H. Steuart (politician)">
George H. Steuart (politician)

George Hume Steuart, (1700–1784) was a Scottish physician, tobacco planter, and Loyalist politician in colonial Maryland. Born in Perthshire, Steuart emigrated to Maryland in around 1721, where he benefited from proprietarial patronage and was appointed to a number of colonial offices, eventually becoming a wealthy landowner with estates in both Maryland and Scotland. However, he was forced by the outbreak of the American Revolution to decide whether to remain loyal to the Crown or to throw in his lot with the American rebels. In 1775 Steuart sailed to Scotland, deciding at age 75 that "he could not turn rebel in his old age". He remained there until his death in 1784.
Early life.
Steuart was born in Argaty, Perthshire (now Stirling), in around 1695-1700, the second son of George Steuart and Mary Hume. His family were members of the Balquhidder Stewart clan, descendants of Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany, executed by King James I of Scotland in 1425.
It is likely that Steuart spoke both Gaelic and English. According to the Old Statistical Account of 1799, Scottish Gaelic was the language of the “common people” of Balquhidder and the surrounding area, although English would have been spoken in the “low country”, around Stirling. This would in fact have been the Scots language of the Stirlingshire area, rather than Standard English.
Steuart's elder brother David stood to inherit the family estates, and Steuart studied medicine, receiving his MD at the University of Edinburgh. In 1721 he emigrated to Annapolis, in the colony of Maryland, where he settled and established a medical practice.
In the early 18th century Maryland was a sparsely settled, largely rural society. In 1715 the population of Annapolis was just 405, though by 1730 this number had increased to 776.
Planter and horse breeder.
In 1725 Steuart purchased the estate of Dodon in South River, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, on the Chesapeake Bay, from Nicholas Carroll. At Dodon, Steuart farmed tobacco, bred thoroughbreds and held match races. His most successful horse was Dungannon, which he had brought from England to compete against the stable of his rival, Charles Carroll of Annapolis (1703–1783), whose son Charles Carroll of Carrollton would later sign the Declaration of Independence in 1776. Dungannon won the Annapolis Subscription Plate, the first recorded formal horse race in Maryland, in May 1743. The race took place in Parole and the original silver cup is now displayed in the Baltimore Museum of Art.
Horse racing formed an important part of the social and political life of the colony, with numerous gentlemen of means forming large studs. George Washington attended early meetings of the Maryland Jockey Club, and Steuart entertained the future president at his home in Annapolis.
According to the writer Abbe Robin, who travelled through Maryland during the Revolutionary War, men of Steuart's class and status enjoyed considerable wealth and prosperity:
In 1744 Steuart married Ann Digges (c1723-1814), daughter of the planter Charles Digges, in Prince George County, Maryland. They would have ten children. Anne came from a wealthy Roman Catholic family; her grandfather was Edward Digges (1620-1674/5) an English barrister and colonist who had served as the Colonial Governor of Virginia from March 1655 to December 1656.
Politics.
Politically, Steuart was a Loyalist, his interests being closely aligned with those of the Calvert family, proprietors of the colony of Maryland. In 1742 Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore (1699–1751) sent his eldest but illegitimate son, Benedict Swingate Calvert, then aged around ten years old, to America and placed him in Steuart's care. The boy was provided with a tutor, the Italian Onorio Razzolini.
Steuart evidently benefited from the Calvert family's patronage as he went on to hold a number of important Colonial offices. In 1753 he was appointed lieutenant-colonel of The Horse Militia under Governor Horatio Sharpe, and he was Deputy Secretary of Maryland from 1755 to 1756. He served two one year terms as Mayor of Annapolis, from 1759 to 1761 and from 1763 to 1764. He was also a judge of the Land Office (1755–1775), a member of the "Council of Twelve", and a judge of the Court of Admiralty. In recognition of his services, Lord Baltimore appears to have given Steuart the nickname "Honest Steuart", a sobriquet later thrown back at him by his political enemies.
Maryland politics could evidently be rancorous. Court records show that Steuart and his successor as Annapolis mayor, Michael MacNamara, were both required "to post a bond to keep the peace...especially with each other".
Steuart returned to Scotland in 1758 in order to inherit the estate of Argaty, near Doune, Perthshire, through his mother Mary Hume (also spelled "Home"), and other estates through his father. By 1761 Steuart was back in Maryland; a series of letters dated March 1761 shows him, as Commissioner of the Loan Office, attempting to collect taxes due to the Proprietary Government from Sheriffs who were behind in their payments.
Revolutionary War.
The coming of war.
In the 1760s relations between Britain and her colonies began to deteriorate. Steuart was and would remain a Loyalist; like many Scots he was likely influenced by the terrible consequences of the failed Jacobite uprisings against the Crown in his home country. Many Scots had fled to the colonies following the crushing of the Jacobite rising of 1745, and had little appetite for further rebellion. However, like other Marylanders, Steuart opposed the taxes imposed by London and in 1764 he travelled to England where he made representations to the government at Westminster. Steuart's grandson, Richard Sprigg Steuart (1797–1876), recalled in his memoirs:
Steuart's loyalist politics were opposed by, among others, Samuel Chase, co-founder of the Anne Arundel County chapter of the Sons of Liberty, a leading opponent of the 1765 Stamp Act, and later one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. In an open letter dated July 18, 1766 Chase attacked John Brice, Steuart, Walter Dulany, Michael MacNamara and others for publishing an article in the Maryland Gazette Extraordinary of June 19, 1766, in which Chase had been accused of being: "a busy, reckless incendiary, a ringleader of mobs, a foul-mouthed and inflaming son of discord and faction, a common disturber of the public tranquility". In his response, Chase accused Steuart and the others of "vanity...pride and arrogance":
Such protests were essentially a complaint against a civic government which was still dominated by men loyal to the Calvert interest, and had arguably grown lazy and careless. However, such highly personalized attacks did little to reduce the political temperature.
War with Great Britain.
War broke out in 1775, and the fact of owning estates in both Scotland and Maryland caused Steuart considerable political difficulties. As Richard Sprigg Steuart recalled:
Ann therefore remained in America despite her own Loyalist sympathies. She would never again see her husband, and she continued to live at Dodon until her death in 1814. According to Richard Sprigg Steuart:
Aftermath.
Steuart never returned to Maryland, and he died in 1784 in Scotland, one year after the Revolutionary War ended. He was buried in Kilmadock, Perthshire. No portrait of him survives. When he left Maryland, his estates in Anne Arundel County comprised around of land. In 1780, these were transferred to his sons Charles and William, for a nominal sum.
The Argaty estate in Scotland was inherited by Steuart's eldest son, also named George Hume Steuart, who remained loyal to the British Crown. The estate, which was eventually sold in 1914, now forms part of a red kite conservation area.
Family life.
Steuart married Ann Digges (c1723-1814) in Prince George County, Maryland in 1744. They had ten children, of whom six survived to adulthood:
Religion.
Steuart was an Episcopalian, though his wife Anne was a Roman Catholic. According to Richard Sprigg Steuart:
Legacy.
A stone obelisk at Dodon marks the burial place of Ann Digges and a number of other family members. The farm estate, somewhat reduced in size, still remains home to Steuart's descendants today.
The unusual spelling of "Steuart" was widespread in the 18th century ("Steuart", "Stewart" and "Stuart" being essentially interchangeable), but has since mainly fallen into disuse. However, Steuart's numerous North American descendants have retained the archaic spelling.
A silver replica of the original Annapolis Subscription Plate was commissioned in 1955 by the Maryland Jockey Club. The "Dungannon Bowl" is a perpetual trophy presented to the winner of annual Dixie Stakes, the oldest stakes race run in Maryland and the Mid-Atlantic states.

</doc>
<doc id="20808773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808773" title="Cego, Texas">
Cego, Texas

Cego is a very small unincorporated community in west Falls County, Texas, United States. Cego is located on Farm-to-market road 1950. As of 2000, the population was 42.

</doc>
<doc id="20808775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808775" title="Réseau Express de l'Aire urbaine Lyonnaise">
Réseau Express de l'Aire urbaine Lyonnaise

Réseau Express de l'Aire métropolitaine Lyonnaise (or Real) is a project that consists in improving and unifying some railways lines in the Lyon metropolitan area. It is said to be a "RER à la lyonnaise" (a sort of RER in Lyon). 
The most significative project is the "tram-train" in west area of Lyon urban area in 2011 and better frequencies of the trains.
This project comes from the "Schéma régional des transports" of 1997 and has been initiated by many entities : région Rhône-Alpes, Communauté urbaine de Lyon, Sytral and SNCF, and several departements (Rhône, Loire, Isère, Ain).

</doc>
<doc id="20808777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808777" title="List of zamindari estates in Madras Presidency">
List of zamindari estates in Madras Presidency

Zamindaris were established in the Madras Presidency by the government of the British East India Company starting from 1799 onwards. These settlements were established in order to delineate authority to landlords and thereby relieve the ryot from the control of middlemen who often exploited them. Often, these zamindars were Indian princes who lost their sovereignty due to British expansion. The zamindari settlement was based on an a similar settlement established in Bengal. The Zamindari settlement of Madras was largely unsuccessful and was wrapped up in 1852. However, a few Zamindaris remained till India's independence in 1947.
Land proprietorship in Madras Presidency.
Madras Presidency comprised an area of , of which were under direct British rule while the rest was distributed amongst the princely states. In the areas administered by the British, three systems of land proprietorship existed: zamindaris, inams and ryotwaris.
In 1911, zamindari estates covered and occupied over one-fourth of the total area of the presidency. In 1945-46, there were of Zamindari estates which yielded a revenue of Rs. 97,83,167 and of "ryotwari" lands which yielded a revenue of Rs. 7,26,65,330.
Zamindaris from 1799 to 1852.
The zamindari system was introduced in the Madras Presidency in 1799 in the aftermath of the defeat of the Polygars in the Polygar Wars.
Zamindaris in 1877-1920.
In 1877, C. D.Maclean made a survey of the existing zamindaris under the jurisdiction of Madras Presidency. As per this survey, a few of these zamindaris were larger than some of the smaller princely states in the Presidency. The largest of these, Ramnad, Ganapur and Sivaganga, Ramnad and Sivaganga being demoted princely states, were larger in size than the princely states of Cochin or Pudukkottai. Ramnad, the larger of the two, covered an area of , and was second only to Travancore amongst princely states in Madras Presidency. Karvatinuggur, Kalahasti, Nuzvid, Poonganur, Paralekhemidi and Podile and Darsi divisions of Venkatagiri were larger in size than the princely state of Banganapalle while Virasanapettah, Arni and Kanguni were larger than Sandur.
Other zamindaris.
This is a list of other zamindaris which were either not included in MaClean's list or were non-existent at the time of the enumeration.

</doc>
<doc id="20808779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808779" title="Ralph S. Hurst">
Ralph S. Hurst

Ralph S. Hurst (18 February 1917 – 26 July 1972) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Giant".

</doc>
<doc id="20808783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808783" title="Sir Robert Greenhill-Russell, 1st Baronet">
Sir Robert Greenhill-Russell, 1st Baronet

Sir Robert Greenhill-Russell, 1st Baronet (born Robert Greenhill; 1763 – 12 December 1836) was a British politician.
He was born in 1763 to the Rev. John Russell Greenhill and Elizabeth Noble. He was the grandson of Elizabeth Russell, who belonged to the Russell of Chequers Court family and were descended from Oliver Cromwell.
Robert changed his name to "Robert Greenhill-Russell" upon inheriting Chequers from his father and being granted the title Baronet Greenhill-Russell of Chequers Court.
He served as Member of Parliament for Thirsk between 1806 and 1832.
Robert died in 1836 and the Greenhill-Russell Baronetcy became extinct, although Chequers passed into the hands of his kinsman Sir Robert Frankland-Russell, 7th Baronet. He was buried at Ellesborough, Bucks.

</doc>
<doc id="20808803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808803" title="Ardastra Gardens, Zoo and Conservation Centre">
Ardastra Gardens, Zoo and Conservation Centre

Ardastra Gardens, Zoo and Conservation Centre in Nassau, The Bahamas opened in 1937 though the work of the Jamaican horticulturist, Hedley Vivian Edwards. 
From the Latin "Ardua astrum", Ardastra means "Striving for the stars". 
In the 1950s the Bahamian government brought flamingoes with the intention of breeding, as they had become rare there. In 1982 the gardens were bought by Bahamian, Mr. Norman Solomon, who started the first Bahamian zoo. Best known for its flamingos, the zoo now has about 300 animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20808812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808812" title="Claude Lancelot">
Claude Lancelot

Claude Lancelot (c. 1615–1695) was a French Jansenist monk and grammarian.
Lancelot was born in Paris. He participated in the creation of the Petites écoles de Port-Royal in May 1638 (then under the spiritual guidance of Jean Duvergier de Hauranne, the abbot of Saint-Cyran). Lancelot was in charge of the education of the duke of Chevreuse and of the princes of Conti.
Lancelot authored "Nouvelle méthode pour apprendre la langue latine" ("New Method of Learning Latin", 1644); "Nouvelle méthode pour apprendre la langue grecque" ("New Method of Learning Greek", 1655); "Jardin des racines grecques" ("Garden of the Greek Roots", 1660); "Grammaire générale et raisonnée" ("General and Rational Grammar", 1667); and, with Antoine Arnauld, the Port-Royal Grammar (1660).
In early 1660, Lancelot was forced to leave the abbey, and was ultimately exiled to Brittany.
Lancelot died near the Holy-Cross Abbey, in Quimperlé, in 1695.

</doc>
<doc id="20808814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808814" title="Athanasios Parios">
Athanasios Parios

Athanasios Parios (; 1722–1813) was a Greek hieromonk who was a great and eminent theologian, philosopher, educator, and hymnographer of his time, and one of the "Teachers of the Nation" during the Modern Greek Enlightenment. He was the second leader of the Kollyvades Movement, succeeding Neophytos Kausokalyvites (1713–1784). He also authored the lives of various saints. Athanasios was born in Kostos, a small village of Paros, in the year 1722 and died in Chios in 1813. He is commemorated by the Greek Orthodox Church on June 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20808817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808817" title="Arturo Norambuena">
Arturo Norambuena

Arturo Andrés Norambuena Ardiles (born 22 November 1971), commonly known as Arturo Norambuena, is a Chilean footballer who plays as striker. He is unattached. He previously played in his homeland with Universidad Católica. Norambuena graduated in forestry in Universidad Austral de Chile. 
Norambuena has been involved with Chile's national set-up.

</doc>
<doc id="20808834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808834" title="Jangipur subdivision">
Jangipur subdivision

Jangipur subdivision is a subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Jangipur municipality and seven community development blocks: Raghnathganj–I, Raghnathganj–II, Suti–I, Suti–II, Samserganj, Sagardighi and Farakka. The seven blocks contain 61 gram panchayats and 18 census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Jangipur. 
Area.
Apart from the Jangipur and Dhulian municipalities, the subdivision contains 18 census towns and rural areas of 61 gram panchayats under seven community development blocks: Raghnathganj–I, Raghnathganj–II, Suti–I, Suti–II, Samserganj, Sagardighi and Farakka. The 18 census towns are: Ghorsala, Charka, Srikantabati, Jot Kamal, Sahajadpur, Khodarampur, Fatellapur, Aurangabad, Paschim Punropara, Dafahat, Jagtaj, Anup Nagar, Dhusaripara, Uttar Mahammadpur, Kankuria, Chachanda, Serpur and Farrakka Barrage Township.
Blocks.
Raghnathganj –I block.
Rural area under Raghnathganj –I block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Dafarpur, Jarur, Mirjapur, Jamuar, Kanupur and Raninagar. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Ghorsala, Charka, Jangipur, and Srikantabati. Raghnathganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Raghunathganj.
Raghnathganj–II block.
Rural area under Raghnathganj–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Barasimul Dayarampur, Jotkamal, Mitipur, Sekendra, Kasiadanga, Sammatinagar, Teghari–I, Giria, Lakshmijola and Sekalipur. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Jot Kamal, Sahajadpur and Khodarampur. Raghnathganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jangipur.
Suti–I block.
Rural area under Suti–I block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Ahiran, Bansabati, Nurpur, Bahutali, Harua and Sadikpur. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Fatellapur. Suti police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ahiran.
Suti–II block.
Rural area under Suti–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Aurangabad–I, Jagtai–I, Laxmipur, Umrapur, Aurangabad–II, Jagtai–II, Mahesail–I, Bajitpur, Kasimnagar, Mahesail–II. Urban area under this block consists of four census towns: Aurangabad, Paschim Punropara, Dafahat and Jagtaj. Suti police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dafahat.
Samserganj block.
Rural area under Samserganj block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Bogdadnagar, Gajinagar Malancha, Nimtita, Bhasaipaikar, Chachanda, Pratapganj, Dogachhi Napara, Kanchantala and Tinpukuria. Urban area under this block consists of six census towns: Anup Nagar, Dhusaripara, Uttar Mahammadpur, Kankuria, Chachanda and Serpur. Samserganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ratanpur.
Sagardighi block.
Rural area under Sagardighi block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Balia, Bokhara–I, Kabilpur, Patkeldanga, Bannyeswar, Bokhara–II, Monigram, Sagardighi, Barala, Gobordhandanga and Moregram. There is no urban area under this block. Sagardighi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sagardighi.
Farakka block.
Rural area under Farakka block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Arjunpur, Bewa–I, Mahadebnagar, Bahadurpur, Bewa–II, Maheshpur, Beniagram, Imamnagar and Nayansukh. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Farrakka Barrage Township. Farakka police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Farakka.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the Farakka block and two gram panchayats under the Samserganj block, viz. Gajinagar Malancha and Kanchantala together will constitute the Farakka assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other seven gram panchayats under the Samserganj block will be part of the Samserganj assembly constituency. The Suti–II block and the three gram panchayats under the Suti–I block, viz. Bahutali, Harua and Sadikpur will form the Suti assembly constituency. The Jangipur assembly constituency will be formed by the Jangipur municipality, the Raghnathganj–I block, and two gram panchayats under Suti–I block, viz. Ahiran and Bansabati. The Raghnathganj–II block and the Nurpur gram panchayat under the Suti–I block will be part of the Raghunathganj assembly constituency. The Sagardighi block will form the Sagardighi assembly constituency. Farakka and Samserganj assembly constituencies will be part of the Maldaha Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency), whereas Suti, Jangipur, Raghunathganj and Sagardighi constituencies will be part of the Jangipur (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20808835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808835" title="Durango, Texas">
Durango, Texas

Durango is an unincorporated community in western Falls County, Texas, United States. It lies along Farm to Market Road 935.

</doc>
<doc id="20808837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808837" title="Vanishing Africa">
Vanishing Africa

Vanishing Africa is the title of the 1982 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Mein Afrika,' an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. It was published by Harmony Books in the United States.
Synopsis.
The pictures are evidence of Riefenstahl's passion for Africa and an attempt to capture the region's soul before it lost its innocence to the technical age.
Reception.
The photographs were recently republished along with those of "The Last of the Nuba" and "The People of Kau" in the 2002 book, "Africa" by Leni Riefentstahl. As a result the collection garnered fresh professional reviews that were generally positive: "A big, black Mercedez-Benz of a book... Ideology aside, the pictures are hard to resist, combining all the voyeuristic pleasures of National Geographic-style anthropology with an unequivocal appreciation of the innate grace and symmetry of the human form... Riefenstahl`s photographs preserve a mythic vision of this Eden before the fall, a romantic lost world, captured in images as powerfully seductive as the artist herself." "V Magazine"
Documentary.
Together with her other published photographs of the Nuba, several photographs from the book were showcased in the 1993 documentary, "The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl".

</doc>
<doc id="20808862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808862" title="Jonas Brignoni Dos Santos">
Jonas Brignoni Dos Santos

Jonas Brignoni Dos Santos (born 4 July 1983 in Ibirubá) is a Brazilian football Defender currently playing for Campeonato Brasileiro Série C side Grêmio Esportivo Brasil.

</doc>
<doc id="20808864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808864" title="Carlos Manuel Santiago">
Carlos Manuel Santiago

Carlos Manuel Santiago (March 2, 1926 – December 21, 2008) was an infielder in Puerto Rico and the Negro Leagues, and a long-time scout and general manager.
Negro League Playing Career.
Santiago was selected in 1944 to play for the Puerto Rico All-Star team in the Caribbean World Series, played that season in Caracas, Venezuela. When he returned from Caracas, he signed a professional contract with the Mayaguez Indians for the 1944-45 season. Following the 1945 season, Santiago traveled to New York on a barnstorming trip with other Puerto Rican All-Stars. He was scouted by Negro League veteran John Beckwith who signed him to play for the Atlanta Black Crackers.
Midway through the 1945 season, Santiago left the Black Crackers and signed with the New York Cubans of the Negro National League. He played second base and shortstop for the Cubans in 1945 and 1946.
1947 to 1960.
In 1947, Santiago signed with the Stamford Bombers of the Class B Colonial League. This was the same season that Jackie Robinson joined the Dodgers; Santiago was the first Afro-Caribbean Puerto Rican to break the color line in "organized" baseball. The Colonial League started in 1947 and folded on July 16, 1950. Santiago hit .341 during the abbreviated 1950 season. 
In 1951 Bill Veeck and Lou Boudreau invited Santiago to Cleveland's spring training camp. However, Santiago was drafted into the U.S. Army and sent to Korea. Santiago served for 25 months and was honorably discharged as a sergeant. Santiago returned from Korea and continued playing professionally until 1960.
Post Playing Career.
After his retirement as a player, Santiago held many positions in professional baseball. He served as a coach on the 1968-69 and 1969-70 Ponce clubs which won back-to-back championships. In 1968-69, he served as a coach to Ponce manager Rocky Bridges and in 1969-70 to manager Jim Fregosi. He was general manager of Mayaguez for three years. He served as National Instructor of Baseball in Columbia for four years. He scouted for the California Angels for three years. 
Santiago was elected to the Puerto Rican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame in 1993. Until his death, he was a member of the Board of Directors of the Negro League Baseball Players Association.
He is buried in the Vivaldi de Mayagüez cemetery in Mayagüez.

</doc>
<doc id="20808867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808867" title="Alnatura">
Alnatura

The Alnatura Produktions- und Handels GmbH is a chain of organic food supermarkets headquartered in Bickenbach, Hesse in Germany.
Alnatura currently operates 75 supermarkets in Germany, each with 500 to 800 square meters of retail space, mainly in Baden-Wuerttemberg, Hesse and Rhineland-Palatinate. The company's first supermarket opened in Mannheim, Baden-Wuerttemberg on October 1, 1987.
Products of Alnatura are marketed also in the stores of dm-drogerie markt and Tegut. These cooperations make half of the revenue. In 2012 Alnatura began to cooperate with Migros in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20808871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808871" title="El Dragón">
El Dragón

El Dragón is Spanish for "dragon". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20808875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808875" title="Athanasius of Attalia">
Athanasius of Attalia

The holy, glorious and right-victorious Neomartyr Athanasius of Attalia lived in Smyrna in the 17th century. His feast day is celebrated on January 7.
Martyrdom.
He was a poor and simple man, but was rich in faith. One day he was inadvertently involved in a religious dispute with a Turk. The Turk was educated and adroit with words, but Athanasius strove with all his might to uphold the truth of the Christian faith and its superiority over Islam. Finally, they parted.
On the next day, Athanasius was summoned to trial and met the Turk as his accuser. The judge called on Athanasius to repudiate Orthodoxy and accept Islam as he had given the impression of declaring to his companion of the previous day that he, Athanasius, said: "I would die a thousand deaths before I would deny the Faith of Christ!"
For this he was condemned to death and beheaded in the year 1700. His holy relics were buried in the Church of St. Paraskeva in Smyrna.

</doc>
<doc id="20808883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808883" title="Johnny Prez">
Johnny Prez

Johnny Prez (or J Prez as he often calls himself) is a reggaetón music artist from Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico.
Career.
He used to belong to the group "Kid Power Posse" and the duo "Déificos," meaning "belong to God." recorded his first album of Spanish reggae, “Los Nenes De La Medicina” in 1992. Johnny Prez made Spanish reggae popular in Puerto Rico. Since then, he has released three Reggaetón albums, "El Dragón" in 2003, "The Prezident" in 2005, which reached number 14 in Billboard's Latin albums' chart, and "The Knockouts" in 2007. However, many feel he has not received the recognition that he deserves.
In 2011 he made his return with his brother Pedro Prez in a duo called "Tha Prez", their first album as a duo called also "Tha Prez."

</doc>
<doc id="20808891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808891" title="List of Byzantine monuments in Istanbul">
List of Byzantine monuments in Istanbul

List of Byzantine monuments in Istanbul (historic Constantinople). This list is not complete.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
K
L
M
N
P
S
V
Z

</doc>
<doc id="20808914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808914" title="Shock Orchestra">
Shock Orchestra

Shock Orchestra is a Serbian band formed as a supporting act for a Serbian rapper Marčelo's live concerts in 2006. They had their debut performance on April 15, 2006, in Dom Omladine in Belgrade, following a tour promoting Marčelo's second album "Puzzle Shock!".
In September 2008. they finished recording Marčelo's third album "Treća Strana Medalje" (The Third Side Of The Medal), which was released in December 2008. Some of the musicians who played on the album include Wikluh Sky, Dragoljub Marković alias Dr. Dra (ex-member of rock-bands such as Ništa ali logopedi, Block Out, X-Centar), Ministar Lingvista (Real Skllz), Aleksandar Andrić (ex Kal) and Marko Milivojević (Ekatarina Velika, Morbidi, U Škripcu, Partibrejkers, Električni Orgazam, Old Stars Band etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="20808920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808920" title="Semilimax pyrenaicus">
Semilimax pyrenaicus

Semilimax pyrenaicus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in:

</doc>
<doc id="20808922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808922" title="Thomaz">
Thomaz

Thomaz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20808923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808923" title="2001 Speedway World Cup Qualification">
2001 Speedway World Cup Qualification

The 2001 Speedway World Cup Qualification (SWC) was a two events of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the four national teams who qualify for the 2001 Speedway World Cup. 

</doc>
<doc id="20808947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20808947" title="Saul Sternberg">
Saul Sternberg

Saul Sternberg is a Professor Emeritus of Psychology and former Paul C. Williams Term Professor (1993–1998) at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a pioneer in the field of cognitive psychology in the development of experimental techniques to study human information processing. Sternberg is best known for his introduction of the additive factor method, an experimental method that can be used to study the stages of information processing by manipulating variables that affect different stages of cognitive processing. Sternberg received a B.A. in mathematics in 1954 from Swarthmore College and a Ph.D. in social psychology from Harvard University in 1959. He completed a postdoctoral fellowship in mathematical statistics at the University of Cambridge in 1960, and he subsequently worked as a research scientist in the linguistics and artificial intelligence research department at Bell Laboratories, where he continued to work as a member of the technical staff for over twenty years. Sternberg's first academic position was at the University of Pennsylvania, where he was employed from 1961–1964, and where he has remained since 1985. He has also served as a visiting professor at University College, London, the University of California, Berkeley, and Rutgers University. The impact of Sternberg's theoretical and empirical contributions to the field of cognitive psychology have been recognized by many organizations, and he has been elected to fellowship in the American Psychological Association, the Association for Psychological Science, the Society of Experimental Psychologists, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the National Academy of Sciences.
The Sternberg Task.
In the early 1960s, Sternberg published an original experiment demonstrating the mechanics of cognitive information processing. The experiment entails memorization of a positive set, a list of items such as numbers or words. The subject is then asked about a particular test item that may or may not have actually been present the set, and is asked to respond "yes" or "no" accordingly. The time taken for the subject to respond is recorded. This process is then repeated over several trials. What Sternberg found was that response time varied with the size of the positive set. In particular, response time tended to increase with the size of the list. This is significant because it demonstrates evidence for what is known today as the Serial Exhaustive Search Theory, which contends that when questioned regarding the presence of an item in a memory set, people will search every item in short-term memory without stopping, even if the item was found.

</doc>
<doc id="20809017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809017" title="Last Night on Earth (game)">
Last Night on Earth (game)

Last Night on Earth: The Zombie Game is a survival horror board game that was first published in 2007. Players can play on the "Hero" team or as the "Zombies". A modular board randomly determines the layout of the town at the start of each game and there are several different scenarios to play. Seven supplements have been released.
To achieve a horror movie feel, all of the art for the game is photographic and the game comes with a CD soundtrack of original music. The game borrows from horror film stereotypes and zombie film plots.
Gameplay.
Before playing, the board is set up. A double-sided square board, with the Town Center on one side and the Manor House on the other, is placed either side up depending on the scenario. Four L-shaped boards are then randomly chosen and placed around the center square.
Players are split into two teams, the Zombies and the Heroes. Up to two Zombie players and four Hero players can play and players are split into teams differently depending on the number of players. Four Hero characters are chosen randomly by the Hero team and split amongst the players. Depending on the scenario, each Hero character has their own starting location, special rules, and number of wounds they can take before they are dead. Zombie players roll a die to determine how many Zombies are placed on the board before play.
A Scenario then needs to be chosen, randomly or by vote. Each Scenario has a certain limit of turns, winning conditions, and other objectives.
Each team has their own deck of cards. The Hero Deck contains Events and Items, and the Zombie Deck contains Zombie Events. Each Hero character can only hold four Items at a time, two of them being Weapons. Cards may be played at any time, unless noted on the card or after a card has caused dice to be rolled.
Gameplay is split into two turns, the Zombie Turn and the Hero Turn. On the Zombie Turn, the Sun Track marker is moved to show the number of turns that have been taken so far. Zombie players then draw cards to bring their collective hand of cards up to four. They have the option of discarding one card per player at this point. Up to 14 Zombie miniatures can be in play at one time. To determine if more Zombies are spawned, two dice are rolled and if the sum is higher than the number of Zombies on the board, more Zombies are placed later in the turn. Zombies on the board are each moved up to one square on the board. Building walls do not block movement of the Zombies. If any of these moves causes a Zombie to be in a square adjacent from a Hero character, they automatically move into the same space.
Any Zombie in the same square as a Hero must now fight them. A Zombie player rolls one die, but wins on a tie and the Hero player rolls two dice and uses their higher number. If the Hero wins the fight, the Zombie is "fended off" but remains in place. If a Hero rolls doubles, however, the Zombie is killed and removed from the board. Cards, such as Hand Weapons or Events may be used to change the outcome of a fight.
The Zombie players now roll a die to see how many new Zombies are spawned, up to 6. When spawning Zombies they must be placed on one of the four Spawning Pits. Each L-shaped board has a single Spawning Pit. Before placing more than one Zombie on a Spawning Pit, each of the four Spawning Pits must first contain one of the newly spawned Zombies.
On the Hero Turn each Hero character takes their turn separately in any character order they wish. They first move or search. To move, a die is rolled and the Hero may move up to that many spaces. Some buildings have "Pick Ups", that let the player take a specific Item out of the discard pile instead of the top of the Hero Deck. If a Hero is in the same space as another Hero, Items may be exchanged between the characters. A ranged attack may now be made if the Hero has a Ranged Weapon. Each Ranged Weapon has a specific range and die roll needed to be successful. If successful, the Zombie is killed and removed from play.
Now any Hero and Zombie sharing a space must now fight as described in the Zombie Turn.
Either team wins by completing their Scenario Objective. In addition, the Zombie team wins automatically by killing four Hero characters or causing the last card of the Hero Deck to be discarded. Depending on the Scenario, one team loses if they do not complete their Scenario Objective before the turn limit has been reached.
Expansions.
"Growing Hunger (2008)".
This expansion introduces new game mechanics and three new scenarios as well as a two player mini-game. Includes four new "Heroes", as well as seven new red "Zombies" for use as "Plague Carriers", "Grave Dead", or to increase the "Zombie Horde". New modular game board sections expand the town and feature unique buildings such as the "Supermarket", "Library", and "Antique Shop". New game cards let "Zombie" players steal weapons from the "Heroes" and add more powerful double-handed weapons to the "Heroes" arsenal, such as "Garden Shears" and the "Fence Post". Also included are two new die-cut counter sheets adding "Free Search Markers" for the "Heroes" as well as many other counters to the Last Night on Earth toolbox for use with official web content or creating custom scenarios.
"Survival of the Fittest (2010)".
This expansion includes three new card decks, as well as new game mechanics, and several new scenarios. The "Hero" players can now find "Unique Items" as well as the use of "Survival Tactics". The "Zombie" players now has access to "Grave Weapons". These three new decks ("Unique Items", "Survival Tactics", and "Grave Weapons") can be integrated into all existing scenarios using the same modular 'Dots' system first introduced in the Growing Hunger expansion. Survival of the Fittest also includes new cards for the main "Hero" and "Zombie" decks as well as additional full color counters for the Last Night on Earth toolbox.
"Timber Peak (2012)".
A group of survivors escape Woodinvale and reach a small logging and mining town of Timber Peak. This is a standalone expansion and includes everything needed to play. Timber Peak includes a double-sided town center board and 6 L-shaped outer boards along with 6 new survivors and 14 zombie miniatures. It also includes new Hero and Zombie decks. In addition, it will also include Upgrade card decks for both Heroes and Zombies and 4 new scenarios. It is scheduled for a late 2012 release.

</doc>
<doc id="20809024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809024" title="John Russell Greenhill">
John Russell Greenhill

John Russell Greenhill was an English vicar who owned Chequers, Bucks. He was the son of Samuel Greenhill, Esq. of Swyncombe, Oxon of the East India Company and Elizabeth Russell. Elizabeth belonged to the Russell of Chequers Court family and was descended from Oliver Cromwell.
John inherited Chequers upon the death of his cousin Mary Russell. He was sometime rector of Fringford and Marsh Gibbon, both in Oxfordshire. From 1773 until his death he was lord of the manor of Cottisford, also in Oxfordshire.
He died in 1813 and his son Sir Robert Greenhill-Russell, 1st Baronet Greenhill-Russell of Chequers Court inherited both Chequers and Cottisford.

</doc>
<doc id="20809044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809044" title="Rebecca Brown (author)">
Rebecca Brown (author)

Rebecca Brown is an American lesbian author whose work has contributed significantly to contemporary gay and lesbian literature.
Biography.
Brown is from Seattle, was the first writer in residence at Richard Hugo House, co-founder of the Jack Straw Writers Program and now serves as the creative director of literature at Centrum in Port Townsend, Washington. Brown's best-known work is her novel "The Gifts of the Body", winner of a Lambda Literary Award. Rebecca Brown is also a faculty advisor in the MFA in Creative Writing Program at Goddard College in Plainfield, Vermont.
Brown’s diverse oeuvre contains collections of essays and short stories, a fictionalized autobiography, a modern bestiary, a memoir in the guise of a medical dictionary, a libretto for a dance opera, a play, and various kinds of fantasy. Brown has "a uniquely recognizable voice, writing as she does in a stark style that combines the minimalism of Ernest Hemingway with some of the incantatory rhythms of Gertrude Stein." 

</doc>
<doc id="20809046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809046" title="Aldo Angoula">
Aldo Angoula

Aldo Angoula (born 4 May 1981 in Le Havre) is a French football Defender currently playing for French Ligue 1 side Évian Thonon Gaillard FC.
Career.
Angoula began his career at Championnat de France Amateurs side FUSC Bois-Guillaume, in 2007 he joined Ligue 2 side US Boulogne, in December 2008 left the club and moved to Croix de Savoie Gaillard.
Personal life.
Angoula was born in France to a Cameroonian father. His brother Gaël played from 2005 to 2007 with him by FUSC Bois-Guillaume.

</doc>
<doc id="20809051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809051" title="1991 Stanford Cardinal football team">
1991 Stanford Cardinal football team

The 1991 Stanford Cardinal football team represented Stanford University in the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season. It would be Dennis Green's final season as the head coach. 
Regular season.
Tommy Vardell rushed for 1,843 yards with 37 touchdowns in his college career. He never fumbled once for Stanford, and ranks second in Stanford football history for most touchdowns and third for most rushing yards. Vardell set the record for most rushing yards in a season by a Cardinal running back, with his 1084 yards in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20809071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809071" title="Stead Park">
Stead Park

Stead Park is a 1.5-acre (0.61 ha) municipal park located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Northwest Washington, D.C. Among its facilities are Stead Recreation Center, located at 1625 P Street NW; a lighted basketball court; an athletic field with a baseball diamond; and a playground. 
Public events such as Summer Movie Mania, an outdoor screening sponsored by the city's government, are held at the park. Stead Park is also used as a practice field by the Washington Renegades RFC, the first rugby union club in the United States to recruit gay men and men of color.
The park and its small staff are administered by the city's Department of Parks and Recreation. Stead Park, whose property was valued at $8,659,560 in 2009, is partially funded by a private trust created by Washington architect Robert Stead. The park is named for Stead's wife, Mary Force Stead.
History.
The portion of the park next to P Street once held 19th-century row houses. During a 2008 renovation, archaeological work uncovered artifacts and brick foundations from the houses that once occupied 1613 and 1625 P Street. Researchers concluded that the latter supported a house built in 1878 by Henry Hurt, a Confederate Army veteran and president of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company.
When construction began on Stead Park in 1951, the single-story fuel sheds from the row houses at 1621, 1623, and 1625 still stood. These were consolidated and expanded and had a second story added to turn them into the park's recreation center.
The unsegregated park was formally opened on November 13, 1953, at a cost of $80,000 ($ today).
In 2003, plans for a four-story, multi-million-dollar gay community center to be built on a small section of the aging park sparked a dispute among Dupont Circle residents and the Washington D.C. Center for Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender People. The plans were ultimately abandoned.
In 2008, the recreation center and playground were renovated. Work began in April and the park reopened on December 15.

</doc>
<doc id="20809095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809095" title="Mosbach–Mudau Nos. 1 to 4">
Mosbach–Mudau Nos. 1 to 4

The Mosbach–Mudau engines Nos. 1 to 4 (or Baden C) were six-wheeled, narrow gauge, tank locomotives designed for the metre gauge line from Mosbach to Mudau.
History.
The four locomotives were built in 1904 by the firm of Borsig. The frame was designed as a water tank. Due to the steep inclines it had a large boiler, the boiler barrel consisting of two shells.
It had an Allan valve gear with trick valves. The connecting rods drove the third coupled wheels. The loco had an 
Exter counterweight brake for the engine and a Körting vacuum brake for the train. This was probably replaced in 1926 by a Westinghouse compressed-air brake. When the Deutsche Reichsbahn took over the operational running of the state-owned by privately operated line from the "Deutsche Eisenbahn-Betriebsgesellschaft", a subsidiary of the firm of "Vering & Waechter" who had built the line, these engines were incorporated into their fleet as numbers 99 7201 to 99 7204. In 1964/1965 the steam locomotives were retired and replaced by diesel locomotives. Until then they had managed all the traffic, no other locomotives were even employed in a temporary role.
Preserved.
All the locomotives have been preserved until the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20809105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809105" title="Paul O'Keefe">
Paul O'Keefe

Paul O'Keefe (born April 27, 1951) is an American actor best known for his work on "The Patty Duke Show" and in the film "The Daydreamer". Born in Boston, he began his schooling at the Immaculate Conception School and at the New England Conservatory of Music. He appeared on television with such stars as Sid Caesar, Sarah Vaughan, and Bob Hope. At the age of 7, he played Winthrop Paroo in the 1959 stage version of "The Music Man". Prior to his engagement for "The Music Man", he played Little Jake to Dolores Gray's "Annie Get Your Gun" at the Carousel Theatre in Framingham, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20809111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809111" title="Sequence (medicine)">
Sequence (medicine)

In medicine, a sequence is a series of ordered consequences due to a single cause.
It differs from a syndrome in that seriality is more predictable: if A causes B, and B causes C, and C causes D, then D would not be seen if C is not seen. However, in less formal contexts, the term "syndrome" is sometimes used instead of sequence.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="20809120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809120" title="Barranquilla F.C.">
Barranquilla F.C.

Barranquilla F.C. is a professional Colombian football team based in Barranquilla, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera B. They play their home games at the Romelio Martínez stadium.
History.
Barranquilla F.C. was founded in January 2005 by a group of businessmen led by Arturo Char who considering that Barranquilla did not have a team in the Primera B, decided to give the city a new alternative.
The Barranquilla F.C. has always been strongly supported by the lower divisions of Junior de Barranquilla. Even the former president of Junior Alejandro Arteta, was previously president of Barranquilla F.C..
The team hasn't won any title in the Primera B, but has always been great promoter of the tournament, classifying to several finals and displaying a great football. Its home stadium is the Romelio Martinez, former home of Junior de Barranquilla.

</doc>
<doc id="20809158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809158" title="Alexandre Cuvillier">
Alexandre Cuvillier

Alexandre Cuvillier (born 17 June 1986 in Cucq) is a French football midfielder currently playing for French Ligue 2 club Nancy.
Career.
Cuvillier began his career at Stade de Reims. In 2008 he joined Ligue 2 side US Boulogne.

</doc>
<doc id="20809166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809166" title="Titley">
Titley

Titley is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England. It lies on the B4355 between Kington and Presteigne.
In the 2001 census the parish had a population of 167.
The name, recorded in the Domesday Book as "Titelege", is Old English and apparently means "woodland clearing of a man called Titta".
History.
The village of Titley has been occupied for over a thousand years and there is evidence of a pre-conquest priory in the village originally dedicated to an obscure Welsh saint and later subordinate to the abbey of Tiron in France.
Titley lies at the junction of two drovers' roads and was used for the weighing of wool.
Buildings.
Titley's parish church, dedicated to Saint Peter was rebuilt in 1869. The Stagg Inn, known as The Balance until 1833, became in 2001 the first pub in the United Kingdom to be awarded a Michelin Star.
Eywood House was built just west of the village in 1705. A landscaped park was laid out around the house, and an existing kettle lake, Titley Pool, was enlarged. The house was demolished in 1958. Titley Pool is now a nature reserve.
Titley village hall is situated directly behind The Stagg Inn and is available for hire, as well as being regularly used by the parish council and other local organisations such as the WI, Scouts & Brownies, garden and bowls clubs.
Titley Junction railway station.
A mile-long section of the former Leominster and Kington Railway was reopened in 2005. Known as The Kingfisher Line, the section is privately owned and is open to the public only by prior arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="20809181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809181" title="2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 1">
2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 1

The 2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 1 was the first race of the 2001 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 1, 2001 in the Speedway Stadium in Gdańsk, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20809191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809191" title="Le Juif Polonais">
Le Juif Polonais

Le Juif Polonais "(The Polish Jew)" is an opera in three acts by Camille Erlanger composed to a libretto by Henri Cain. The libretto was adapted from the 1867 play of the same name by Erckmann-Chatrian. The opera was first performed at the Théâtre Cluny in Paris in 1869.
The Erckmann-Chatrian play was translated into English in 1871 as "The Bells" by Leopold Lewis and was one of Henry Irving's greatest successes. A melodramatic climax occurs when the sound of sleigh bells at his daughter's wedding (in Act II) reminds the innkeeper Mathias of the Jew he had murdered 15 years previously. Dreaming (in Act III) that he is being tried for the murder, he confesses the details of the attack and his disposal of the body, and dies of a heart attack.
Performances.
The opera was first performed in Paris at the Opéra Comique on April 11, 1900, when the cast included Gustave Huberdeau, the tenor Edmond Clément as Christian and Victor Maurel as Mathias. The role of Mathias's daughter Suzelle was created by Julia Guirandon.
Gustav Mahler chose to present the work in Vienna in 1906, where it proved a dismal failure. The plot was found to be thin, and the music insufficient to support interest. According to Alma Mahler, her husband had been reminded, when he heard the work in Paris, of his own Fourth Symphony by the sleighbells. Viennese critics rated the work as inferior to another on the same theme by Karel Weis, produced in Vienna in 1902. Nevertheless the opera remained in the repertory in France until the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20809213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809213" title="Damien Marcq">
Damien Marcq

Damien Marcq (born 8 December 1988 in Boulogne-sur-Mer) is a French football player who currently plays for the Belgian club Sporting Charleroi. Damien can play in the defending position, as well as in the midfield.
Career.
Marcq had been a one-club man since joining his hometown club US Boulogne in 1996 as a youth player. He came up through the ranks of the youth system and joined the club's first team in 2006, while they were playing in third tier Championnat National. He made his club debut during the 2006–07 Championnat National season appearing as a late match substitute in a 1–0 victory over Louhans-Cuiseaux. He would make eleven more appearances contributing to Boulogne's promotion to Ligue 2 for the 2006–07 season. Boulogne spent two seasons in Ligue 2 before earning promotion to Ligue 1 for the 2009–10 season. During those two seasons, Damien made 62 league appearances. He has yet to score a goal, though he has converted from the spot in shootout situations. On 10 September 2009, Marcq signed a two-year contract extension.
On 28 June 2010, Marcq completed his much-anticipated transfer to newly promoted Ligue 1 club SM Caen with the player agreeing to a three-year contract and the club paying Boulogne a transfer fee of €2 million.
With his three-year contract with Caen expiring, Marcq signed a two-year contract with the Belgian Pro League side Sporting Charleroi on 27 June 2013. 
International career.
On 25 May 2009, Damien was called up, for the first time, to the France under-21 team that participated in the Toulon Tournament. He made his under-21 debut in the tournament in the squad's final group stage match against Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20809220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809220" title="Azeez Kayode Fakeye">
Azeez Kayode Fakeye

Azeez Kayode Fakeye (born 1965 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is the only son of Ganiyu Fakeye who is the brother of Lamidi Fakeye and Akin Fakeye.
Azeez carried out his apprenticeship under his father Ganiyu Fakeye. Under his father's tutelage his skills grew and developed. After his apprenticeship came to an end he created a number of sculpture in collaborations with his father and has created a number which have been in various exhibitors worldwide.
Works by Azeez Fakeye can be viewed going to the following links :
http://www.grainsofafrica.com/[http://www.grainsofafrica.com/]
http://www.grainsofafrica.com/catalog/index.php?cPath=36_38 [http://www.grainsofafrica.com/catalog/index.php?cPath=36_38]
http://www.folkcuba.com/botanica_ht/fakeye_hmpge1.html [http://www.folkcuba.com/botanica_ht/fakeye_hmpge1.html]
http://www.mnh.si.edu/africanvoices/gallery/lamidi/meet_the_artist.html [http://www.mnh.si.edu/africanvoices/gallery/lamidi/meet_the_artist.html]
http://grains-of-africa.blogspot.com/2008/09/traditional-modern-yoruba-art-fakeye.html [http://grains-of-africa.blogspot.com/2008/09/traditional-modern-yoruba-art-fakeye.html]
Lamidi Olonade Fakeye: A Retrospective Exhibition and Autobiography, My Life and Art by Lamidi Olonade Fakeye and etc. (Paperback - 1 June 1997)

</doc>
<doc id="20809264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809264" title="Robin ATL">
Robin ATL

The Robin ATL (Avion Très Léger) is a French two-seat light aircraft designed by Avions Robin in the 1980s to meet a need for an economical two-seat aircraft to equip flying clubs. It is a single-engined monoplane with a fixed undercarriage, and is, unusually, fitted with a V-tail.
Development and design.
In the early 1980s, Avions Pierre Robin started design of an ultra-lightweight two-seat light aircraft intended to meet the requirements of French flying clubs for a low-cost light trainer, as existing American training aircraft were becoming increasingly expensive, which was not helped by an unfavourable exchange rate, which resulted in a competition to supply a new light trainer, which could be mass-produced for supply to subsidised French flying clubs. Robin won the competition in 1983 with their ATL design, a single-engined low-winged monoplane with a fixed undercarriage and a V-tail. The ATL's fuselage was of Glass-reinforced plastic construction, with a wooden wing.
The first prototype flew on 17 June 1983, powered by a single 35 kW (47 hp) JPX PAL 1300, a new design of two stroke, three-cylinder radial engine. However, testing showed that the new engine was prone to vibration, and in order to speed development and certification, the prototype was re-engined with a converted Volkswagen car engine, which formed the basis for production. As the four-cylinder car engine was heavier than the original engine, the aircraft's wings were swept forward to maintain the aircraft's centre of gravity in an acceptable position.
Operational history.
First orders, for 30 ATLs were placed by the French National Aviation Federation in November 1983, with initial deliveries starting (under a limited airworthiness approval) in April 1985. Full French certification followed on 15 January 1986. The ATL was prone to engine problems, however, which forced the recall of early production aircraft for modification, and limited the attractiveness of the aircraft, particularly for export.
One solution to this problem was re-engining with a more reliable engine, and Robin developed a version for the German market powered by a 52.5 kW (70 hp) Limbach. While the Limbach was also a modified VW car engine, crucially, it had dual ignition instead of the single ignition on the JPX-modified engines normally used, this being certified in 1989. This came too late, however, and production ended in 1991 after the completion of 132 aircraft, of which 10 were powered by the Limbach engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20809269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809269" title="Antony Lecointe">
Antony Lecointe

Antony Lecointe (born 5 October 1980 in Boulogne-sur-Mer) is a French football defender. He currently plays for French Ligue 2 side US Boulogne.
Career.
Lecointe began his career at his towntown club US Boulogne. He has spent his entire career there.

</doc>
<doc id="20809278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809278" title="Tomaž">
Tomaž

Tomaž is the Slovene form of the male given name Thomas.
Tomaz is also an archaic Portuguese form of the male given name Tomás.
People.
Bearers of these names include:
duilagfopauoshgćaipoaesjidftjipasdtasetrtar

</doc>
<doc id="20809279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809279" title="All-time Los Angeles Galaxy roster">
All-time Los Angeles Galaxy roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for Los Angeles Galaxy since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="20809288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809288" title="Nigel Hall (rugby union)">
Nigel Hall (rugby union)

Nigel Hall (born 23 November 1978 in Westport, New Zealand) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player. A prop forward, Hall played for Otago before joining Nottingham. In December 2008 he joined Newport Gwent Dragons. Hall retired from rugby in October 2011 due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20809290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809290" title="Les Géants (novel)">
Les Géants (novel)

Les Géants is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as "The Giants." It was published by Atheneum and Jonathan Cape.

</doc>
<doc id="20809299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809299" title="Whisky Mac">
Whisky Mac

A Whisky Macdonald more commonly known under the shortened name Whisky Mac is a cocktail made up of whisky and ginger wine. The whisky is expected to be a Scotch whisky, usually a blended type. The ginger wine should be green ginger wine. Recipes vary from those having equal parts of each ingredient to those that use a ratio of 3 to 2 of whisky to wine.
A common recipe is to take 1½ fluid ounces Scotch whisky, 1½ fluid ounces green ginger wine. Pour both of the ingredients into a wine goblet with no ice. A hot version can also be made, akin to a hot toddy, made with the addition of boiling water.
The invention of it, and its name, is attributed to a Colonel Macdonald, who devised it during the days of the British Raj in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20809301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809301" title="Lukachukai Mountains">
Lukachukai Mountains

The Lukachukai Mountains are a mountain range in northeast Arizona, entirely within the Navajo Indian Reservation. The highest point of the range is an unnamed point at 9466 feet (2885 meters) above sea level. While open during the winter, no road maintenance is performed and chains or four wheel drive with good snow tires are essential due to grades of up to 14% in many places. 
The Lukachukai Mountain trail gives access to some of the scenic red-rock high country here. The trailhead is located just south of Buffalo Pass on Indian Route 13, a paved highway. The trail is passable to OHVs in dry weather. A permit is required from the Navajo Nation.
There is a belt of uranium deposits that crosses the Lukachukai Mountains. The ore belt is within a bed of lenticular sandstone and mudstone that apparently provided sufficient permeable sandstone for the passage of ore solutions, and sufficient impermeable mudstone to restrict movement of solutions to particular sandstone beds. An unusual concentration of organic material (carbonized wood?) served as a precipitation agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20809306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809306" title="Matthieu Labbé">
Matthieu Labbé

Matthieu Labbé (born 26 January 1985 in Boulogne-sur-Mer) is a French football midfielder. Currently, he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for USL Dunkerque.

</doc>
<doc id="20809314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809314" title="Plus belle la vie">
Plus belle la vie

"Life's so sweet" is a 5-days-a-week French TV soap created by Magaly Richard-Serrano, Bénedicte Achard, Georges Desmouceaux, and Olivier Szulzynger, and produced by Hubert Besson, Michèle Podroznik, and François Charlent. On air since 30 August 2004, it currently goes out at 20.15 each Monday to Friday evening on France 3. 
Reflecting the daily lives of the inhabitants of "le Mistral", an imaginary neighbourhood in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille, where wealthy families cross paths with the less than rich, two main types of storyline dominate, covering:
The series attracts an average audience of 5.3 million viewers with a 23.2% audience share each weekday evening. On 17 November 2008, "Life's so sweet" received its highest-ever rating figure, with over 6.8 million viewers and a 24.9% audience share.
Cast.
The original cast, presented in end credits order: 

</doc>
<doc id="20809332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809332" title="Calochortus simulans">
Calochortus simulans

Calochortus simulans is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Luis Obispo mariposa lily, not to be confused with the San Luis mariposa lily "C. obispoensis". It is native to San Luis Obispo County, California, and its range extends south into Santa Barbara County. It is a perennial herb producing a branching stem up to 60 centimeters tall. The basal leaf is 10 to 20 centimeters long and withers by flowering. The inflorescence is a loose cluster of 1 to 3 erect, bell-shaped flowers. Each flower has three curving sepals and three longer petals, each up to 5 centimeters long. The petals are white to yellow with a deep red spot at the base. The fruit is an angled capsule 5 or 6 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20809334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809334" title="Braulio Arenas">
Braulio Arenas

Braulio Arenas (La Serena, April 4, 1913 - †Santiago May 12, 1988) was a Chilean poet and writer, founder of the surrealist "Mandrágora" group.
Life.
Braulio Arenas lived most of his youth in the north of Chile, moving in his teens to Talca to study. There he encountered Teófilo Cid and Enrique Gómez Correa among others, and participated to literary activities with them.
Years later, he started law studies in Santiago, which he soon abandoned to focus on writing. Through Eduardo Anguita, he met Vicente Huidobro, father of "Creationism" literary movement, which disputed literary innovations with Dada and Surrealism. Influenced by these European currents, Arenas founded with some friends, in 1938, the Surrealist group "Mandrágora". This circle supported the Popular Front government. The same year, one of his short story, "Gehenna", was published in Miguel Serrano's "Antología del verdadero cuento en Chile".
Arenas received in 1984 the Chilean National Prize for Literature, winning some recognition albeit confidential editions of his works (often less than 800 exemplaries).

</doc>
<doc id="20809340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809340" title="Zacron">
Zacron

Zacron, born Richard Drew (1943 - January 2012) was an English artist who is best known for designing the iconic "Led Zeppelin III" album cover. 
Zacron was born in Sutton, Surrey in 1943. He studied painting, drawing, design and etching at Studio 35 in Surbiton from 1957-1960 with Eric Clapton, and later at Kingston College of Art where he met Jimmy Page. He lectured at Leeds College of Art from 1967-1970.
Zacron's innovation in graphic techniques laid the foundation for his creation of the "Led Zeppelin III" album cover in 1970. This album cover is a small component of a vast and varied body of work spanning five decades, with much of his work having a close association to rock and roll. He also designed the sleeve for Fancy's 1975 album "Something To Remember".
Zacron has been described as "multi-sided and multi-talented" with "a robust ethos of independence and bravery, a lifelong quest for knowledge". He was a public advocate of artistic freedom and a notable financial contributor to the Great Ormond Street Hospital in London for terminally ill children, organised by Light and Sound at Abbey Road Studios.
Zacron died in January 2012 from bowel cancer but his passing was not revealed until August of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20809361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809361" title="Zagłębie Wałbrzych">
Zagłębie Wałbrzych

Zaglebie Walbrzych is a Polish multisports club, located in the southwestern city of Walbrzych. The club was founded in 1945, when former German city of "Waldenburg" became part of Poland. Its founders were Polish emigrees from France and Belgium, who named the club "Thorez", after Maurice Thorez, a French communist leader. The name was disliked by most fans and was changed in 1968 into Zaglebie. The club, located in Walbrzych's neighborhood of "Bialy Kamien", is the most famous for its football team.
In 1968, Zaglebie Walbrzych won promotion to the Ekstraklasa, and in the 1970/1971 season, it finished in the 3rd spot, after Gornik Zabrze and Legia Warszawa. Zaglebie participated in the games of the UEFA Cup, advancing to the second round. In the first round, it beat Czechoslovakian team FK Teplice (1-0, 3-2), in the second round it lost to Romanian side UT Arad (1-1, 1-2). Team's most famous player is goalkeeper Marian Szeja, participant of the 1972 Olympic Games.
After the 1974 season, Zaglebie was relegated from the First Division and has never returned there. Currently (2008), the team participates in the regional games of Lower Silesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20809374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809374" title="Section 213 of the Norwegian Penal Code">
Section 213 of the Norwegian Penal Code

Section 213 of the Norwegian Penal Code was the section defining sexual intercourse between men as well as between people and animals as a crime. The section was repealed on April 21, 1972. It was, among other things, a sodomy law in Norway. 
The law text of the section was, until it was repealed (roughly translated):
"If indecent intercourse occurs between male persons, those, who have committed or have been accessory to such intercourse, are liable to a term of imprisonment up to 1 year."
"Any person, who conducts indecent intercourse with animals, or is accessory to such intercourse, is liable to the same sentence as defined above."
"Indictment will only be conducted when necessary by public consideration.»"
Currently, the section in regard to zoophilia is affected by the Act on Protection of Animals, but only for "abuse of animals". There is no section in effect who itself defines zoophilia as a criminal act. On November 28, 2008, the Minister for Agriculture and Food, Lars Peder Brekk presented a new proposed Act on Protection of Animals, where zoophilia is restricted under Section 13 c (indecent intercourse with animals).
From 1989 to 2000, Section 213 was one of several sections defining specific sexual actions, 213 specifically defined sexual intercourse.

</doc>
<doc id="20809387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809387" title="Barger">
Barger

Barger may refer to:
As a last name:
Also:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20809408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809408" title="Snapshot (Mission of Burma album)">
Snapshot (Mission of Burma album)

Snapshot is a live album by Boston-based band Mission of Burma. It was recorded in front of a small audience at Boston's Q Division Studios for broadcast on WFNX It was initially released exclusively through the iTunes Store, but has since been made available through other online channels, most notably in lossless FLAC format through Matador Records' online store [http://store.matadorrecords.com/snapshot.

</doc>
<doc id="20809415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809415" title="Donald Gray (priest)">
Donald Gray (priest)

Donald Clifford Gray CBE was born in Manchester, England in 1930, the son of Henry Hackett Gray and the grandson of Richard Hackett, Father of the Chapel printer at the Manchester Guardian and President of the Typographical Association. Having trained for the priesthood at King's College London and St Boniface's College Warminster, he served as a priest in the Diocese of Manchester until becoming Rector of Liverpool in 1974. 
He was for several years an Honorary Chaplain to the Queen (a military form of chaplain to the Queen) through his involvement with the Territorial Army In 1970 he was awarded the TD (Territorial Decoration). He was later appointed to the Royal Household as a Chaplain to H M the Queen.
In 1987 he was appointed Canon of Westminster and Speaker's Chaplain. His role within the Westminster Chapter was that of Rector of St Margaret's Church, Westminster Abbey. That role and that of Speaker's Chaplain have been practically, though not necessarily, combined for some years.
He was awarded a PhD by the University of Manchester in 1984 and is a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and of the Royal Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20809419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809419" title="Edgewood Chemical Biological Center">
Edgewood Chemical Biological Center

The U.S. Army Edgewood Chemical Biological Center (ECBC) is the United States’s principal research and development resource for non-medical chemical and biological (CB) defense. As a critical national asset in the CB defense community, ECBC supports all phases of the acquisition life-cycle ― from basic and applied research through technology development, engineering design, equipment evaluation, product support, sustainment, field operations and demilitarization ― to address its customers’ unique requirements.
ECBC has full-time employees located at three different sites in the United States: Edgewood Area of Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG), Md., Pine Bluff, Arkansas, and Rock Island, Illinois. It is a research, development and engineering center (RDEC) under the U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command (RDECOM).
History.
ECBC’s science and technology expertise has protected the United States from the threat of chemical weapons since 1917 when President Woodrow Wilson issued a proclamation that designated Gunpowder Neck, Maryland, as the site for the first chemical shell filling plant in the United States. Since that time, the Center has expanded its mission to include biological materials and emerges today as the nation's premier authority on chemical and biological defense.
ECBC has a history of developing technologies in the areas of detection, protection and decontamination. The Center’s reputation and track record have produced invaluable relationships with other federal agencies and earned it a spot as a key organization within the Department of Defense’s (DoD) Chemical Biological Defense Program (CBDP), which manages national defense strategies and ensures that military operations are unconstrained by chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives (CBRNE) effects.
Critical core capabilities.
1. CB Agent Spectroscopy/Algorithm Development: This capability includes critical research associated with detection of chemical and biological materials from a distance.
2. Inhalation Toxicology: Extensive scientific expertise, equipment and unique facilities to evaluate the toxicological impact of chemical agents and toxins on animals in highly controlled/instrumented conditions.
3. Aerosol Physics: Scientific knowledge equipment and facilities are used to apply aerosol physics concepts to the development of predictive models for in-depth understanding of bacteria and virus particles.
4. Filtration Sciences: Scientific capabilities and research are applied to determine more efficient methods to protect from toxic airborne respiratory hazards.
5. OPCW Laboratory: ECBC is designated under the Chemical Warfare Convention’s (CWC) Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) as a designated laboratory to accurately and predictably identify chemical compounds prohibited by the CWC.
6. Emerging Threats Science/Technology & Testing: Critical expertise and facilities to safely research emerging toxic threats, including synthesis, toxicity, properties (chemical/physical), persistence, decontamination and environmental fate.
7. Single Small-Scale Facility: ECBC maintains the only declared facility under the CWC where chemical compounds regulated by the treaty can be produced for protective purposes.
8. CB Agent Handling and Surety: Expert level safety, industrial hygiene, security, surety and environmental protection professionals focused on maintaining ECBC’s critical national core competency to safely handle the world’s most toxic chemical and biological materials.
9. Chemical Munitions Field Operations: Field deployable scientists, engineers, technicians and explosives specialists with chemical/biological agent surety expertise provide this unique capability for remediation of CB agent materials and other sensitive materials.
10. Lifecycle CB Materiel Acquisition: ECBC drives technology transitions from research to engineering and development to production, fielding, and sustainment.
11. CB Concept Through Sustainment Solutions: Using recent technologies available throughout industry and the Government, ECBC can rapidly execute complex projects covering all interdisciplinary aspects of design, development and production to meet the diverse range of customer requirements across the CBRNE community.
12. Full-Service CB Testing: ECBC retains the expertise and cutting-edge infrastructure to test product performance in surety and non-surety environments.
13. Chemistry and Bioscience of CB Warfare: Provide basic scientific understanding of chemistry and bioscience aspects of chemicals, toxins and biological organisms that may have potential as biological or chemical warfare materials.
Major Facilities.
Advanced Chemistry Laboratory
Built 2005
Description/History: Chemistry laboratory
McNamara Life Sciences Building
Built 1997
Description/History: General purpose laboratory test building
Bio Engineering Laboratory
Built 1991
Description/History: Chemistry and biology laboratories
Forensic Analytical Center
Built 1993
Description/History: Chemistry/ biology laboratory
Engineering & Test Facilities
Toxic Test Chambers
Built 1943
Description/History: Hazardous material test facility
Built 1971
Description/History: Hazardous material test facility
Prototype Detonation Test and Destruction Facility
Berger Engineering Complex
Built 1989
Description/History: Engineering laboratory
Recent Facilities Construction.
Standoff Detection Technology Evaluation Facility
Sample Receipt Facility (SRF)
Currently under construction
Chemical Transfer (Single Small-Scale) Facility
Built 1983
Description/History: Chemistry laboratory

</doc>
<doc id="20809423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809423" title="Archimage">
Archimage

Archimage is a Houston-based visual arts studio that has used its experience in computer-based architecture to specialize in Serious Video Game development for the medial research community. Archimage created "Escape From Diab" and "Nanoswarm: Invasion from Inner Space", two multi-million dollar PC games funded by the National Institutes of Health to combat obesity and type 2 diabetes in children.
Early history.
Archimage, Inc was formed in Houston, Texas in 1990 and is owned by three partners: Richard Buday, FAIA, President; Jerald Reichstein, AIA, Vice-President; and Paul Patel, Principal. The firm is the successor to Buday Wells, Architects, (Richard Buday, AIA and Dwayne Wells, AIA, RIBA partners) formed in 1983.
Throughout most of its history, Archimage has been the poster child for creative companies successfully adapting to rapidly changing market conditions. Buday Wells, Architects, which opened during a severe contraction in Houston's oil-based economy, was an early pioneer in the use of computers in architecture. Their innovative techniques led to high-profile projects like the design of buildings for the rapidly growing Compaq Computer Corporation in 1988. When founding partner Dwayne Wells died in 1990, the company incorporated as Archimage to more fully reflect its hybrid design practice. A variety of non-traditional architecture commissions such as broadcast television commercials resulted in the company winning 14 Caddie awards for its innovative computer-based design work in the architecture world.
The notoriety Archimage gained from its multiple award winnings in the field of computer-based architecture resulted in work expanding into mainstream animation. In 1992, Nintendo of America used the firm to create an animated trade show presentation, and business from the Walt Disney Company soon followed with the design of "Happy Castle." In 1994, Archimage was enlisted to create 3D games and environments for "3D Dinosaur Adventure", one of the most popular multimedia titles ever created by the education software publisher Knowledge Adventure.
Serious Video Game Design and Production.
Much of Archimage's work in the last ten years has been in a new area of interactive media called Games for Health, a genera of serious games. Their work in this field began by creating interactive tools for researchers at Baylor College of Medicine in the early '90s, which was later followed by the production and design of several multimedia behavioral interventions research projects created for kids. Archimage is one of the few design firms in this specialized area of game design. 
In 2003, the firm was the recipient of one of the largest Small Business Innovative Research Grants ever awarded to one entity. This $9 million SBIR from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, a division of the National Institutes of Health, was awarded to create two computer-based interventions for childhood obesity and Type 2 Diabetes. Archimage worked with behavior psychologists, nutritionists, and physical activity experts at the Children’s Nutrition Research Center of Baylor College of Medicine to create two epic PC adventure video games about healthy eating and exercise entitled Escape from Diab and Nanoswarm: Invasion from Inner Space. Escape From Diab won several design awards including a Horizon Interactive Media Award, a Webby Award Nomination and an INDEX Award. Both games have gone under extensive clinical testing by BCM for efficacy in changing children's diet and exercise behaviors.
With the knowledge gained from these two large serious game projects, Archimage transformed its design practice again in 2007 with a new focus on Web-based health game development. Playnormous was created as a way to give the general public access to research-based health games. Playnormous games are also created with the guidance of the medical community from Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center and are designed to change nutrition and physical activity lifestyle behaviors in children and their parents.

</doc>
<doc id="20809448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809448" title="Boc Cabinets">
Boc Cabinets

Boc I cabinet.
The first Boc cabinet of the government of Romania was composed of 20 ministers, listed below. It was sworn in on 22 December 2008, the same day it received the vote of confidence from the Parliament of Romania. It was a grand coalition government, formed by the PD-L and the PSD. The cabinet could have faced a Constitutional issue, by using the term "Deputy Prime Minister", instead of the one used in the previous cabinets "Minister of State".
Following the resignation of Liviu Dragnea (PSD) from the office of Minister of Administration and Interior, on 2 February 2009, the Parliament voted to unify the post of Deputy Prime Minister with the post of Minister of Administration and Interior.
On 1 October 2009, following the removal from office of the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Administration and Interior, Dan Nica (PSD), all the PSD Ministers resigned from the cabinet. As a result all their offices were taken, ad interim by the PD-L, for a period no longer than 45 days. The cabinet should have received a new vote from the Parliament, as its political composition was changed. On 13 October 2009 the Parliament voted for a motion of no confidence. As a result this cabinet was just an acting cabinet. Its term ended on 23 December 2009, when the new cabinet, headed also by Emil Boc received the vote of confidence from the Parliament and was sworn in at Cotroceni Palace. During the interim period, Traian Băsescu nominated repeatedly friendly candidates, despite the fact that the then opposition parties (PNL, PSD, UDMR, and the 18 representatives of the national ethnic minoritires), having an absolute majority in both Houses of Parliament, expressed their will to nominate the Mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis as Prime Minister.
Proposed Croitoru and Negoiță cabinets.
The Croitoru-proposed cabinet was Lucian Croitoru's proposal for the cabinet, composed of 14 ministers, listed below. It was proposed on 23 October 2009, and was rejected by the Parliament of Romania on 4 November 2009.
On 15 October 2009, President Traian Băsescu, citing the need for an individual well-versed in economic policy to steer Romania through the ongoing crisis, nominated the politically independent Lucian Croitoru as Prime Minister in place of Emil Boc, whose cabinet fell after losing a motion of no confidence two days earlier. The nomination was backed by the Democratic Liberal Party, which is supporting Băsescu in the upcoming presidential election, but drew criticism from the rest of the parties represented in the Romanian Parliament (the Social Democratic Party, the National Liberal Party, the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania and the Parliamentary group of ethnic minorities), which backed Sibiu Mayor Klaus Iohannis for the position, and vowed to challenge Croitoru's nomination at the Constitutional Court or derail it in Parliament. In a meeting with Croitoru on 20 October, the four Parliamentary groups told Croitoru they would not vote for a cabinet headed by him, and asked him to refuse the nomination as Prime Minister.
On 23 October, Croitoru announced his proposed cabinet, which included 14 ministers, down from 18 in Emil Boc cabinet. There were 7 holdovers, and 7 new names (in addition to Croitoru).
The Ministry of Youth and Sport would be merged with the Ministry of Education and Research and Innovation, the Ministry of Small and Medium Enterprises, Commerce and Business Environment which will be merged with the Ministry of Economy, the Ministry of Tourism which will be merged with the Ministry of Regional Development. Five current ministerial posts (of Youth and Sport, Small and Medium Enterprise, Tourism, Communications, and Relations with Parliament), as well as the post of Deputy Prime Minister would be cancelled.
Following the rejection by Parliament of the Croitoru Cabinet, dubbed in the press as the second Boc cabinet without Boc, President Băsescu nominated sector 3 Mayor Liviu Negoiță to form a new government. Due to the fact that the Cabinet structure was identical to, and that most of the ministers where the same as the ones of the first Boc cabinet, and the Croitoru (proposed) Cabinet, this new proposal was nicknamed by the media and analysts "The Boc III Cabinet without Boc". This cabinet never received a vote from Parliament, and Negoiță renounced to the mandate days after the run-off of the presidential election, the first Boc cabinet being officially mandated as a caretaker government until a new cabinet would form.
Boc II.
On 23 December 2009 the new Boc Cabinet received, by a narrow margin, the vote of confidence of the Parliament, and was sworn in at Cotroceni later that day. The Government formed was a coalition government between the Democratic Liberal Party and the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania. It also received the (traditional) vote of the national minorities group in the Chamber of Deputies and of the two controversial groups of independents in both houses (Chamber of Deputies and Senate) of Parliament.
On 3 September 2010, Emil Boc announced a Cabinet reshuffle, replacing six Ministers. Due to the way the reshuffle was implemented, after two days of meetings and discussions, the media continued, albeit without any legal basis, the numbering of the reshuffled Cabinet as "Boc V", the current Boc II Cabinet being dubbed by the press and civil society as Boc IV.
The members of the cabinet are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="20809452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809452" title="List of United States Senators in the 8th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 8th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1803 to March 3, 1805.
he order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term, with senators entering service the same day ranked alphabetically.
The two main parties in the 8th Congress were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR).

</doc>
<doc id="20809463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809463" title="Terence Plunket, 6th Baron Plunket">
Terence Plunket, 6th Baron Plunket

Terence Conyngham Plunket, 6th Baron Plunket (12 July 1899 – 24 February 1938) was the son of William Lee Plunket, 5th Baron Plunket of Newton and Lady Victoria Alexandrina Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood.
He became 6th Baron Plunket of Newtown on the death of his father on 24 January 1920.
On 4 December 1922, he married Dorothé Mabel Barnato (née Lewis), widow of Captain Jack Barnato and the illegitimate daughter of actress Fannie Ward and Charles Vane-Tempest-Stewart, 7th Marquess of Londonderry. 
The Plunkets died in 1938 in a plane crash in California. After planning a stay of several weeks in California, they had arrived in Hollywood around the 11th of February, 1938. They had rented the mansion of former screen comedian William Haines. As guests of publicist William Randolph Hearst, Plunket, his wife and their travelling companion, James Lawrence, a son of Sir Walter Lawrence of London, boarded a plane owned by Hearst's San Francisco and Los Angeles newspapers. They were bound for the Hearst ranch at San Simeon, now known as Hearst Castle. In the coastal fog surrounding the airstrip on the ranch, the pilot overshot the field by nearly a mile and a half. One wing struck the ground, causing the plane to burst into flames and crash. James Lawrence was the only survivor, having been thrown clear of the plane. He suffered burns and a broken ankle.
After the Plunkets' deaths, their sons were raised by Lord Plunket's sister, the Hon. Helen Rhodes and her husband, Arthur Tahu Rhodes.
Lord and Lady Plunket had three sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20809482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809482" title="Bone destruction patterns in periodontal disease">
Bone destruction patterns in periodontal disease

In periodontal disease, not only does the bone that supports the teeth, known as alveolar bone, reduce in height in relation to the teeth, but the morphology of the remaining alveolar bone is altered. The bone destruction patterns that occur as a result of periodontal disease generally take on characteristic forms.
Types of destruction.
There are four chief types of bone defects that present in the alveolar bone:
Horizontal defects.
Generalized bone loss occurs most frequently as horizontal bone loss. Horizontal bone loss manifests as a somewhat even degree of bone resorption so that the height of the bone in relation to the teeth has been uniformly decreased, as indicated in the radiograph to the right.
Vertical defects.
Vertical defects occur adjacent to a tooth and usually in the form of a triangular area of missing bone, known as "triangulation".

</doc>
<doc id="20809484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809484" title="Stephen Crain">
Stephen Crain

Stephen Crain is the Director of the ARC Centre of Excellence in Cognition and its Disorders (CCD), and a Distinguished Professor at Macquarie University in the Department of Linguistics. He is a well-known researcher specializing in language acquisition, focusing specifically on syntax and semantics. Crain views language acquisition as based on language-specific faculties, and he conducts his research in the tradition of Chomskyan generative grammar. Recently, Crain has proposed that language is based on a universal logical system, and he has begun to explore the neural correlates of language acquisition from a cross-linguistic perspective using magnetoencephalography (MEG). Crain received a BA in philosophy from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1971 and a PhD in cognitive science with an emphasis in linguistics from the University of California, Irvine in 1980. Crain was employed as a Professor of Linguistics at the University of Connecticut from 1986 to 1995. During that time he was also a Senior Scientist at Haskins Laboratories in New Haven Connecticut. After leaving UConn, he took a position as Professor of Linguistics at the University of Maryland, College Park, from 1995 to 2003 before accepting a position as a Professor of Cognitive Science at Macquarie in 2004, where he has remained since. He was Deputy Director of the Macquarie Centre for Cognitive Science from 2004 until 2010, and Director of the Centre for Language Sciences from 2007 until 2010. He led the successful bid for an ARC Centre of Excellence in Cognition and its Disorders, which is funded from 2011 until 2017.
Stephen Crain was awarded an Australian Research Council Federation Fellowship (2004-2009), and is a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences in Australia (2006-current). He is currently the Chair of the National Committee on Mind and Brain (Australian Academy of Science), and is a Presidential Nominee on the MIT Corporation Visiting Committee for the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy. Crain is a Visiting Professor at the Beijing Language and Culture University, China, and at the Kanazawa Institute of Technology, Japan. He was appointed Macquarie University Distinguished Professor in 2010.
Crain is on the Executive Board of the Society for Language Development, the Advisory Board of Language Acquisition, and the Editorial Boards of Semantics and Pragmatics, the Journal of Child Language, Biolinguistics, and the Cambridge University Press, Linguistics Series. He has been invited to speak at over fifty international conferences. His recent research grants include an ARC Discovery grant to study the acquisition of logical words in English, Chinese and Japanese, an ARC LIEF grant to build the Southern Hemisphere’s first MEG (magnetoencephalography) brain imaging laboratory, and an ARC Linkage Industrial Partners grant (with the Kanazawa Institute of Technology and the Yokogawa Electric Corporation) to build the world’s first MEG system designed for the study of language processing in preschool-aged children. For the last decade, Professor Crain’s research has focused on children’s acquisition of semantic knowledge, in particular young children’s knowledge of logical expressions. Much of this has been cross-linguistic research, with a particular focus on Mandarin Chinese. Some of Crain’s recent work is summarized in a 2012 book, The Emergence of Meaning, published by Cambridge University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20809495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809495" title="Hampstead by-election, 1941">
Hampstead by-election, 1941

The Hampstead by-election, 1941 was a by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Hampstead in London on 27 November 1941. 
The seat had become vacant on the death of the constituency’s Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), George Balfour.
Candidates.
In accordance with the war-time electoral pact, neither the Labour nor the Liberal parties fielded a candidate. The Conservative candidate was Charles Challen. Challen was opposed by three independents who were not affected by the pact.
Noel Pemberton Billing had been MP for Hertford from 1916 to 1921. He stood as a National Independent, although he was not supported by the Government.
Billing had won a by-election during the First World War as a right-wing independent and was seeking to replicate his success. He stood on a policy of aerial reprisals against Nazi Germany.
William Reginald Hipwell, editor of "Reveille", a " barrack room newspaper for the fighting forces", stood as an Independent Progressive. This was a label which had been common in by-elections in 1938, as part of Popular Front agreements opposed to the Munich Agreement and the leadership of Neville Chamberlain.
A.L. Dolland stood as an independent, and advocated all-out aid to the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20809505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809505" title="Wexford Wanderers RFC">
Wexford Wanderers RFC

Wexford Wanderers RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Wexford, County Wexford. They play in Division Three of the Leinster League. The club colours are blue, white and black. In addition to the First XV and Second XV there are also youth sides from U7 to U19 as well as a women's side called the Vixens,with an under age girls section starting in sept 2011.
Current Leinster and Ireland centre Gordon D'Arcy played youth rugby at the club.
History.
Although the club was only officially founded in 1924, there had been a Wanderers team prior to this.
Famous Present and Past Players.
Shay Kelly replaced Jackie Kyle on the Ireland team in the 1950s and went on to earn 5 caps for his country, scoring 12 points.
Neville Furlong earned 2 caps v NewZealand in 1992, scoring 1 try.
U.18 Youth Internationals include Emmet Cullen, John Rowe and Rollie Royce-Ahern.
Ray Canning also played for Leinster while a member of Wexford Wanderers. He began
his rugby career at the age of sixteen as one of Nicky Furlongs second team and went on
to become one of Wexford Wanderers best players. He also was a Leinster and Wexford
County champion in running and high jump along with other track and field titles. He
moved to Dublin in 1961 and joined Bective Rangers, a prestigious Dublin club with
fixtures against top notch clubs like Cardiff, Northhampton, and Ebbw Vale. He won
a Leinster senior cup medal in 1962 being charged with marking Ireland star center
Kevin Flynn. Bective defeated the much favoured Wanderers F.C. 18 to 6 and Flynn was
scoreless.
In 1966 Canning joined New York Rugby Club. He played a major part in the first USA
tour of South America in 1968 with New York Rugby club scoring a spectacular try in
the curtain raiser before the Argentina - Wales international. He joined in many tours of
Canada, Scandinavia, and the Caribbean Islands before moving to San Francisco where
he ended his rugby career and now lives.

</doc>
<doc id="20809518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809518" title="David O'Donnell">
David O'Donnell

David O'Donnell (born November 20, 1974 in North Reading, Massachusetts is an American actor. He studied acting at the famed Beverly Hills Playhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20809523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809523" title="Eaddy">
Eaddy

Eaddy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20809527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809527" title="Never Better (album)">
Never Better (album)

Never Better is the third album from P.O.S, a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree.
Music.
Over half of the record is produced by P.O.S himself, along with contributions from Doomtree producers Lazerbeak, Paper Tiger and MK Larada. It features guest verses from Doomtree compatriots Sims, Cecil Otter and Dessa, as well as Astronautalis.
Release.
The first single "Goodbye" was released in December, 2008. The second single "Drumroll (We're All Thirsty)" was released in January, 2009 on iTunes and Amazon.com. The track "Savion Glover" is a remix of a track previously released on Doomtree's "False Hopes" in 2007.
The album was released in a limited custom transparent digipak edition designed by Minneapolis designer Eric Carlson. It features 16 solid picture inserts with 6 plastic overlays, allowing the owner to create their own cover art combinations.
Reception.
Initial critical response to "Never Better" was favorable. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 75, based on 8 reviews.
Many reviewers on the site rapreviews.com placed this album in their top ten list for 2009, with it even claiming the number one spot in a few.

</doc>
<doc id="20809538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809538" title="Jean-François Bedenik">
Jean-François Bedenik

Jean-François Bedenik (born 20 November 1978 in Seclin) is a French football goalkeeper currently playing for Vannes OC.
Career.
In 2004 he joined Swiss side Neuchâtel Xamax. In 2006 he moved to Greece, to join Ionikos, where he stayed just one season, before moving to US Boulogne. After three seasons with US Boulogne-sur-Mer the 31 year old goalkeeper returned to Neuchatel Xamax on a four-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20809547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809547" title="Steirische Harmonika">
Steirische Harmonika

The Steirische Harmonika (pronounced sht--eh harmonica) is a type of bisonoric diatonic button accordion important to the alpine folk music of Austria, the Czech Republic, Slovenia, the German state of Bavaria, and the Italian South Tyrol. The Steirische Harmonika is distinguished from other diatonic button accordions by its typically richer bass notes, and by the presence of one key per scale row that has the same tone on both compression and expansion of the bellows, called a "Gleichton". The bass notes earn the distinction "Helikonbässe" because the use bigger reeds with duralumin reed frames and a special chamber construction that amplifies its bass tones to give it a loud sound reminiscent of a Helicon tuba.
The name "Steirische Harmonika" literally translates from German as Styrian accordion, but the use of the adjective "steirische" stems from the Viennese dialect, where it refers to the folk music in general. There is no relationship to the nearby state of "Steiermark", or Styria as it is traditionally called in English, even this types of Accordion are in use there as well.
Description.
The Steirische Harmonika has a right-handed melody side and a left-handed bass side. On the melody side, there are three to five rows of buttons where each row has its own key. Accordions with five rows are not a lot in use, but most builders do produce quite a few. On the compression of the bellows, the buttons of one row play the tones from the key's tonic, and on the expansion of the bellows, the buttons of one row play tones from the key's dominant seventh. The button which plays the same tone on both the expansion and compression of the bellows is called the "Gleichton", translatable from German as "same-tone". Often melodies require playing buttons from different rows because they cannot be decomposed into tones from the tonic and dominant seventh of a given key.
For each row on the right hand melody side, there are two associated buttons on the outer row of the bass side: one for the root, and one for the harmony. On compression, they play the tonic, and on expansion, the dominant. The function of the inner row, however, varies by manufacturer.
Technical Steirische Accordion playing is very advanced especially in Bavaria, Austria and Slovenia.
Notation.
Notes on the Steirische Harmonika are laid out to make it easy to play music with the tonality characteristic of alpine folk music, but make it difficult to play according to modern musical notation.
To help aid playing the Steirische Harmonika, the Verlag Helbling publishers patented in 1916 a tablature, which no longer is in current use. It has come to be replaced by a notation called "Griffschrift", which was invented by a music teacher from Bärnbach in Styria named Max Rosenzopf. The notation appears similar to modern notation but maps tones to positions on the staff differently. In 1975 Rosenzopf founded the Verlag Preissler publishing company and printed the first book using the Griffschrift to teach reading notes. Now all notes for the Steirische Harmonika are printed using this notation.

</doc>
<doc id="20809556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809556" title="Community capitalism">
Community capitalism

A model of Community Capitalism was first described on January 1, 2000 by Michael Garjian in a document titled "E2M: An Economic Model for Millennium 2000".
Introduction.
The E2M model of community capitalism and community conscious capitalism was documented in the following:
The "E2M model" of community capitalism was further described in detail to Terry Mollner of the Social Venture Network who was invited by Garjian to a private meeting of the E2M Board of Directors on March 26, 2001. Mollner was the featured speaker at Garjian’s invitation at the Western Massachusetts Venture Forum at American International College on March 27, 2001 where E2M was discussed privately to a selected group.
A second private forum was held at the home of Hampshire College President Greg Prince on December 11, 2001 for selected community leaders including representatives from the Social Venture Network, Businesses for Social Responsibility, Mass Ventures, local entrepreneurs, government leaders, investment advisors, and citizens. A number of additional forums discussing E2M community capitalism were held at Hampshire College, March 26, 2002, the University of Massachusetts in 2003, the Boston Social Forum on July 24, 2004, and in private meetings over several years.
Newspaper articles documenting, but not detailing, E2M Community Capitalism are listed below under 'Further reading'
A provisional patent application for the E2M model of community capitalism was first filed with the US Patent Office on February 6, 2001 with subsequent full applications filed on November 21, 2003 and November 11, 2008.
Kalamazoo.
Community Capitalism is the long-term strategy for economic growth of Kalamazoo, Michigan. The system uses focused and organized philanthropy and business investment occurring simultaneously. It focuses community resources into five key areas: place, capital, infrastructure, talent and education. The strategy holds that, in order for a community to be economically viable, it must address all five areas simultaneously.
History in Kalamazoo.
After a long period of corporate downsizings and results of mergers and acquisitionss (most notably by Upjohn/Pharmacia/Pfizer, General Motors, First of America/National City and the paper industry), the Kalamazoo region went about changing the face of its downtown. It set up one of the nation’s only community-based venture funds; establishing the "Southwest Michigan First Life Science Fund"; refurbishing a abandoned automotive stamping plant; building a life science accelerator; embracing the concept of talent-driven organizations; and funding the world-renowned Kalamazoo Promise scholarship program. The community has since seen resurgence in job creation and overall economic growth.
The term "community capitalism" was used by Fast Company magazine in naming Kalamazoo in its "Fast 50" list in 2007.
Further reading.
Newspaper articles describing E2M Community Capitalism:
Books and Journals describing E2M Community Capitalism include:

</doc>
<doc id="20809562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809562" title="Andrew Mrotek">
Andrew Mrotek

Andrew Bishop Mrotek (aka Andy "The Butcher" Mrotek) (born July 4, 1983) is the former drummer and backup vocalist for the rock band The Academy Is...
Born and raised on Milwaukee's south side, Andy attended Elm Elementary School and then Roosevelt Middle School. Mrotek graduated from Milwaukee High School of the Arts in 2001 while drumming for a band called Last Place Champs. The High School of the Arts split students in classes for their artistic talent, Andy's was visual art. A self-portrait of Andy still hangs outside his art classroom doors. During high school, "The Butcher", worked at a McDonald's in his neighborhood. "The Butcher" nickname comes from his next job as a butcher at his neighborhood supermarket Pick N' Save, which he worked after graduation. Ironically, he did become a vegetarian after this. Though, after he contracted mono he was forced to end his vegetarianism. He has a twin brother.
In 2004 Andy Mrotek replaced former "The Academy Is..." drummer DelPrincipe. After the band's debut album was released they toured with Fall Out Boy. Being a graphic artist, Mrotek designed, sketched and painted all of the posters for the Sleeping With Giants tour. He also designed his own drum kit for the tour.
Andy has a full sleeve tattoo featuring images such as an elephant, a tree, and a picture of nils on his left arm; he sports a Native American art influenced chest piece of a bird, and his back down to the upper thigh is entirely covered by a tattoo of a koi fish. Both the top of his left and right feet feature tattoos of an owl. He is currently living in New York.
Mrotek has a walk-on role in Cobra Starship's music video for "Good Girls Go Bad". He also stars in former bandmate William Beckett's music video for "Dear Life".
Andy has also started a solo project (The Animal Upstairs) He started this in the summer of 2009 when he went to Jersey tracking some drumming he had been working on. His songs are memories and dreams he has. He has recently completed and released the final version of his debut album "Is Anybody Upstairs?" on his bandcamp.
Andrew plays SJC Drums, Sabian cymbals, Pro-Mark Drum Sticks, and DW hardware

</doc>
<doc id="20809574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809574" title="Mulligrubs">
Mulligrubs

Mulligrubs was an Australian television series that aired on Network Ten affiliate ADS from October 3, 1988 to December 27, 1996. The series was made in Adelaide and was aimed at pre-schoolers.
About 550 episodes were made, with about 425 being stored intact at the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia.
The show was best remembered for the face (made up of just eyes, eyebrows, nostrils and mouth) on a blue screen that appeared occasionally during the program. The actress who played the part of 'the face' was Di Kidd.

</doc>
<doc id="20809587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809587" title="Hakim Hammad Usmani">
Hakim Hammad Usmani

Hakim Hammad Usmani (20 April 1928 at Allahabad – 30 December 2000)[http://parganachail.blogspot.in/2013/05/usmani-family-of-hakeems-allahabad.html] is said to have been the foremost hakim and scholar of Unani medical science of modern times. He has been recognized not only by the state government of Uttar Pradesh but also the government of India. He has been a faculty member of many universities and social and academic organizations. Central Council of Research in Unani Medicine (CCRUM) recognized his efforts by publishing a special Journal on his life and contribution and named it as "Hammad. Usmani Number, Vol. 2. No. 3, January–March, 2001". An article was also dedicated to him in its regular publication "Hammad Usmani – Aik Danishwar Tabib, Jahan-e Tibb."
Hakim Hammad Usmani Sahib was one of those exceptional individuals who spent their entire lifetime (1928-2000) consolidating, strengthening and rejuvenating the base of Unani System of Medicine. Although qualified in the Modern System of Medicine (Allopathy) as well, he preferred to practice Unani Medicine. He was always dedicated to Unani System by contributing to Unani Pharmacy, Unani Publications, Unani Education etc. In the process he himself came to be recognized as a chapter in Unani History. Ref: Tarikh-e-Tibb (prescribed book for history of Medicine at Chhhatrapati Shahhuji Maharaj University, Kanpur, UP, India.)
Hammad Usmani was a retired principal/superintendent of Unani Medical College & H.A.H.R.D.M. Hospital, Allahabad, and had been the Dean, Faculty of Ayurvedic & Unani Medicine, Kanpur University, Kanpur. Dr. Usmani, was also on the Scientific Advisory Committee of CCRUM of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt. of India, and member of Unani Pharmacopea Committee of G.O.I. New Delhi and associated with various government and non-government organizations working for Unani and Ayurvedic medicine in India.
He was also listed in the prominent Who's Who of India, INFA Who's Who for several consecutive years. He served as the personal Unani physician to the Governor of U.P. His Excellency (Late) Mohd. Usman Arif. He is also recognized as a man who established the managed the State Unani Medical College Allahabad, now taken by the State Govt.
Dr. Hammad Usmani had authored several books in Urdu on Unani medicine, which is a valuable contribution to Unani medicine, and has produced many Unani scholars scattered all over India and abroad. Dr. Hammad Usmani, also founded and established the 'Usmania Academy', Allahabad, from which he got published the books he had authored and compiled. Many such books are declared prescribed books for the course of BUMS at the Indian System of Medicine and Homeopathy
Besides Unani professional institutions, he was also attached to various education and non-Unani Institutions serving the cause of Humanity. He was also associated with Rotary in a big way.
Hakim Hammad Usmani sahib died on 30 December 2000 at Allahabad, leaving behind his widow, Begum Shakeela Khatoon, his five sons (Saad Usmani, Shimweel Usmani, Yasmaneel Usmani, Sufyan Usmani, Zeyad Usmani) and five daughters. Hammad Sahib was 72. After his death, his eldest son Dr. Saad Usmani further consolidated the cause he worked for. Dr. Saad Usmani is himself a Unani physician and has retired on 30 June 2011 as Professor and Principal of State Unani Medical College, Allahabad and Medical Superintendent Hakim Ahmad Hussain Republic Day Memorial Hospital (HAHRDM), Allahabad.

</doc>
<doc id="20809590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809590" title="Variance gamma process">
Variance gamma process

In the theory of stochastic processes, a part of the mathematical theory of probability, the variance gamma process (VG), also known as Laplace motion, is a Lévy process determined by a random time change. The process has finite moments distinguishing it from many Lévy processes. There is no diffusion component in the VG process and it is thus a pure jump process. The increments are independent and follow a Variance-gamma distribution, which is a generalization of the Laplace distribution. 
There are several representations of the VG process that relate it to other processes. It can for example be written as a Brownian motion formula_1 with drift formula_2 subjected to a random time change which follows a gamma process formula_3 (equivalently one finds in literature the notation formula_4):
An alternative way of stating this is that the variance gamma process is a Brownian motion subordinated to a Gamma subordinator.
Since the VG process is of finite variation it can be written as the difference of two independent gamma processes:
where
Alternatively it can be approximated by a compound Poisson process that leads to a representation with explicitly given (independent) jumps and their locations. This last characterization gives an understanding of the structure of the sample path with location and sizes of jumps.
On the early history of the variance-gamma process see Seneta (2000).
Moments.
The mean of a variance gamma process is independent of formula_8 and formula_9 and is given by
The variance is given as
The 3rd central moment is
The 4th central moment is
Option pricing.
The VG process can be advantageous to use when pricing options since it allows for a wider modeling of skewness and kurtosis than the Brownian motion does. As such the variance gamma model allows to consistently price options with different strikes and maturities using a single set of parameters. Madan and Seneta present a symmetric version of the variance gamma process. Madan, Carr and Chang extend the model to allow for an asymmetric form and present a formula to price European options under the variance gamma process.
Hirsa and Madan show how to price American options under variance gamma. Fiorani presents numerical solutions for European and American barrier options under variance gamma process. He also provides computer programming code to price vanilla and barrier European and American barrier options under variance gamma process.
Lemmens et al. construct bounds for arithmetic Asian options for several Lévy models including the variance gamma model.
Applications to Credit Risk Modeling.
The variance gamma process has been successfully applied in the modeling of credit risk in structural models. The pure jump nature of the process and the possibility to control skewness and kurtosis of the distribution allow the model to price correctly the risk of default of securities having a short maturity, something that is generally not possible with structural models in which the underlying assets follow a Brownian motion. Fiorani, Luciano and Semeraro model credit default swaps under variance gamma. In an extensive empirical test they show the overperformance of the pricing under variance gamma, compared to alternative models presented in literature.
Simulation.
Monte Carlo methods for the variance gamma process are described by Fu (2000).
Algorithms are presented by Korn et al. (2010).
Simulating VG as difference of Gammas.
This approach is based on the difference of gamma representation formula_20, where formula_21 are defined as above.
Simulating a VG path by difference of gamma bridge sampling.
To be continued ...
Variance Gamma as 2-EPT distribution.
Under the restriction that formula_27 is integer the Variance Gamma distribution can be represented as a 2-EPT Probability Density Function. Under this assumption it is possible to derive closed form vanilla option prices and their associated Greeks. For a comprehensive description see.

</doc>
<doc id="20809596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809596" title="2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 2">
2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 2

The 2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 2 was the second race of the 2001 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 2, 2001 in the Speedway Stadium in Gdańsk, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20809597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809597" title="Eduardo Anguita">
Eduardo Anguita

Eduardo Anguita Cuéllar (Yerbas Buenas, Linares November 1914 - Santiago de Chile August 12, 1992) was a Chilean poet, who was awarded the Chilean National Prize for Literature in 1988.
Life.
Eduardo Anguita was raised in San Bernardo, before integrating the College of the Augustine Fathers in Santiago. At 16, he began law studies in the Catholic University of Chile, which he dropped three years later in order to dedicate himself to literature. From then on, he collaborated to many reviews and newspapers, such as "Ercilla", "Plan", "Atenea", "La Nación", "El Mercurio", etc. He also worked in advertising agencies and in various radios.
His first poems were published in 1934 under the name "Tránsito al fin", and translated in English in 1942. A member of the Generation of 38, Eduardo Anguita started his literary career during a period marked by Surrealism and Creationism, a movement headed by Vicente Huidobro, to whom he became a close friend.
Alongside Volodia Teitelboim, Anguita published in 1935 the "Antología de Poesía Chilena Nueva", which included poems by Vicente Huidobro, Rosamel del Valle, Pablo de Rokha, Pablo Neruda, Humberto Díaz Casanueva, Omar Cáceres, Angel Cruchaga Santa María, Juvencio Valle and both Anguita himself and Teitelboim. Three years later, a short story by Anguita ("Las Hormigas Devoran a un Hombre Llamado David") was included in Miguel Serrano's "Antología del verdadero cuento en Chile".
The US New Directions Publishers selected him in 1944, along with his friend Pablo Neruda, to be part of its yearly anthology of Latin-American contemporary poetry.
During Carlos Ibáñez del Campo's government (1955), he was named cultural attache in Mexico, where he published "Palabras al oído de México" in 1960. 
At the end of his life he worked at the "Editorial Universitaria" as a publisher.
Obras.
1934: "Tránsito al fin" (poesía).
1935: "Antología de la Poesía Chilena Nueva" (antología junto con Volodia Teitelboim).
1948:" Últimos poemas" (poesía).
1945: "Antología de Vicente Huidobro" (antología).
1950: "Inseguridad del hombre" (relatos).
1951: "Anguita, cinco poemas" (poesía).
1960: "Palabras al oído de México" (prosa y poesía).
1962: "El poliedro y el mar" (poesía).
1963: "Rimbaud pecador" (ensayo).
1967: "Venus en el pudridero" (poesía).
1970: "Poesía Entera" (antología).
1980: Se publica nuevamente, corregido, "Venus en el pudridero".
1988: "La belleza del pensar" (crónicas).
Premios.
1963: Premio de la Municipalidad de Santiago en poesía. Por "El poliedro y el mar".
1972: Premio de poesía de la Municipalidad de Santiago. Por "Poesía entera".
1981: Premio María Luisa Bombal de la Municipalidad de Viña del Mar.
1988: Premio Nacional de Literatura.

</doc>
<doc id="20809599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809599" title="Public safety diving">
Public safety diving

Public safety diving is the underwater work conducted by law enforcement, fire rescue, and search & rescue/recovery dive teams. Public safety divers differ from recreational, scientific and commercial divers who can generally plan the date, time, and location of a dive, and dive only if the conditions are conducive to the task. Public safety divers respond to emergencies 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and may be required to dive in the middle of the night, during inclement weather, in zero visibility "black water," or in waters polluted by chemicals and biohazards.
Specialized skills.
In addition to basic diving skills training, public safety divers require specialized training for recognizing hazards, conducting risk assessments, search procedures, diving in zero visibility, using full-face masks with communication systems, and recovering evidence that is admissible in court. Some of the water they are required to dive in is contaminated, and they may be required to wear vulcanized drysuits, with diving helmets sealed to the suit, and utilize surface supplied air. At times, the decontamination process that takes place out of the water can be longer than the dive time.
Public safety diving personnel.
Many public safety divers are volunteers, but career law enforcement or fire rescue personnel also often take on these additional responsibilities as part of their occupation. Firefighters will find the diving equipment has similarities to the full face masks and breathing apparatus worn in smoke filled environments. 
Law enforcement personnel are also trained as public safety divers because of their training and experience in handling evidence and presenting evidence in court. 
External links.
More information on public safety divers, their training, and their equipment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20809602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809602" title="The Forgotten Realms Deluxe Edition">
The Forgotten Realms Deluxe Edition

The Forgotten Realms Deluxe Edition is a compilation of role-playing video games set in the "Dungeons & Dragons" campaign setting called "The Forgotten Realms". This compilation was released in December 2006 and includes the "Baldur's Gate" series (excluding the ), "Icewind Dale" series and the first "Neverwinter Nights" and their expansion packs.

</doc>
<doc id="20809628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809628" title="Grand Cinemas">
Grand Cinemas

Grand Cinemas is a movie theatre chain operating in the Middle East. 
The region's largest country network currently under the Grand Cinemas brand is that of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), with 13 locations throughout Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah, Al Ain and Ras Al Khaimah. The UAE network, totaling 104 screens and 21,000 seats, is operated by the Gulf Film Group, a film distribution and exhibition company.
History.
The Grand Cinemas brand name was launched in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, in 2000.
The Grand Cinemas UAE operation is owned by Gulf Film. Established in 1989 in UAE, Gulf Film was acquired in 2011 by Qatar Media Services (q.media).
See also.
The Movie Masters Cinema Group, "Grand Cinemas" is also a Cinema Chain, operating under parent company "Movie Masters", in Western Australia. Movie Masters also operates "Ace Cinemas".

</doc>
<doc id="20809631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809631" title="Athanasius of Brest-Litovsk">
Athanasius of Brest-Litovsk

The holy hieromartyr Athanasius of Brest-Litovsk (killed on September 5, 1648 in Brest-Litovsk) is a saint and martyr of the Russian Orthodox Church. He was killed by Catholics for opposition to the Union of Brest. Saint Athanasius is commemorated on September 5.
Athanasius Filipovich was born to a petty Lithuanian nobleman in Brest-Litovsk, then part of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. As a well-educated man in modern and ancient languages, the writings of the Church Fathers, and the works of Western philosophers and theologians, Athanasius worked for several years as a private tutor. In 1627 he entered the Monastery of the Holy Spirit in Vilnius. He later moved to other monasteries and was ordained a priest. In 1637, he transferred to the Monastery of Kupyatitsk near Minsk. He was sent to collect donations for the restoration of the church. The journey was accompanied by visions, miraculous signs, and physical dangers.
In 1640, Athanasius became hegumen of the Monastery of St Simeon Stylites in Brest-Litovsk. From then on, he advocated against Roman proselytism and the Union of Brest. In 1643, he spoke before the Polish sejm (parliament) in favor of Orthodoxy and against the Union. He was proclaimed insane, arrested, and stripped of his monastic titles. Athanasius was then sent to Peter Mogila, Metropolitan of Kiev, who sent him back to Brest-Litovsk. That did not stop his protests and Athanasius was arrested again in 1664, but was released a year later. The Khmelnytsky Uprising among the Ukrainian Cossacks started in 1648. Athanasius was accused of ties with the rebels. He was arrested, tortured, and executed. His remains were found on July 20, 1649 – the day is sometimes commemorated as an alternative feast day.

</doc>
<doc id="20809639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809639" title="Raoul Nordling">
Raoul Nordling

Raoul Nordling (11 November 1881 – 1 October 1962) was a Swedish businessman and diplomat. He was born in Paris and spent most of his life there.
Nordling's father, Carl Gustav Nordling, arrived in Paris from Sweden at the end of the 1870s, and established the paper-paste firm "Gustav Nordling". Raoul studied at the lycée Janson-de-Sailly, and then joined his father's company, eventually succeeding him at its helm. He was appointed as Swedish vice-consul in Paris in 1905 at the age of 24, becoming consul in 1917 and consul-general in 1926, on the death of his father.
Although Nordling was Swedish by nationality, he felt himself to be above all a "citizen of Paris". He spoke French much more often than Swedish, having to virtually learn his national language when he went to Sweden as a young man to complete his military service.
Throughout his working life, Nordling played an important role in mediating between Sweden and France, but he is best remembered for his efforts to mediate between French and German forces during the occupation and Liberation of Paris during the Second World War. He played an important role in ensuring Red Cross access to prisoners of war, and during the uprising of the French resistants in August 1944 he negotiated with the German commander General Dietrich von Choltitz, to try to limit the bloodshed and damage to the city. Many accounts of these events attribute him a major role in doing so, and he was honoured by France after the Liberation with the highest available medal, the "Croix de guerre avec palme". A play area in the 11th Arrondissement, the "Square Raoul Nordling" is named in his honour, as is a street in Neuilly.
He continued to play an active role in Parisian social life after the end of the war. He lived in a house called "Le Mas du Gay Savoir" in Sainte-Maxime, which made him an honorary citizen. During the late 1940s, he intervened with the Danish and French securities to try to secure more lenient treatment for the writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline, who had been imprisoned in Denmark while the French authorities sought his extradition because his openly expressed antisemitism led to charges of collaboration with the occupying Germans and the Vichy régime during the war
In the film about the Liberation of Paris, "Is Paris Burning?", Nordling was played by Orson Welles.

</doc>
<doc id="20809640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809640" title="Janice Eidus">
Janice Eidus

Janice Eidus is an American author who writes and speaks on issues concerning contemporary culture, women's issues, and Jewish culture.
Eidus grew up in the Bronx, and she has since lived in the Virgin Islands, California, Iowa and upstate New York. She now lives with her husband and daughter in Brooklyn, New York and San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. In addition to her writing, Eidus is a frequent guest speaker and teacher throughout the U.S., Europe, and Central America, at a wide variety of venues, including writers conferences, Jewish studies programs, women's bookstores, and theaters. She has a master's degree in fiction writing from The Johns Hopkins University.
Her novels include "The Last Jewish Virgin "(2010), "The War of the Rosens "(2008), "Urban Bliss "(2001), and "Faithful Rebecca (1987)". She has also published collections of short stories, including "The Celibacy Club "and "Vito Loves Geraldine," and has been published in numerous anthologies. Her essay "Soft, Warm, and Fuzzy" appears in the anthology "Knitting Yarns: Writers on Knitting "(2013), published by W. W. Norton & Company.
Janice Eidus has twice won the O.Henry Prize for her short stories, as well as a Pushcart Prize, a Redbook Prize, the Acker Award For Fiction, and numerous other awards. "The War of the Rosens" has garnered critical acclaim, won the 2008 Independent Publisher Book Award in Religious Fiction, and was nominated for the Sophie Brody Medal, an award for the most distinguished contribution to Jewish Literature for Adults.

</doc>
<doc id="20809653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809653" title="Porto Open">
Porto Open

The Porto Open was a women's professional tennis tournament held in Porto, Portugal. It was played on outdoor clay courts and was classed as a Tier IV event on the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour. It was held for two years (2001–2002), and had a total prize fund of US$140,000 in each year. The most notable player to win the singles was three-time French Open champion Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, who won the inaugural event.

</doc>
<doc id="20809656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809656" title="2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 3">
2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 3

The 2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 3 was the third race of the 2001 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 3, 2001 in the Speedway Stadium in Gdańsk, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20809665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809665" title="Starring Steve Alaimo">
Starring Steve Alaimo

Starring Steve Alaimo is Steve Alaimo's fifth album and first for the label of ABC-Paramount.

</doc>
<doc id="20809672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809672" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1966">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1966

These are the number-one singles of 1966 according to the Top 100 Singles chart in "Cashbox" magazine

</doc>
<doc id="20809675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809675" title="John L. Gardner (boxer)">
John L. Gardner (boxer)

John L. Gardner (born 19 March 1953) is a former British, Commonwealth, and European Heavyweight Champion. A stocky, game, pressure fighter, his speed and aggression made him a marginal top ten contender for the World Heavyweight Title. Gardner was active in the late 1970s and early 1980s. His best arena was really the British and European boxing scene rather than world level. He had an excellent technique and fitness but unfortunately lacked real punch power.
Early life and career.
John Lewis Gardner was born on 19 March 1953 in his hometown of Hackney, England. He won the North West London Heavyweight Championship as an amateur in 1973 and turned professional at age twenty. His managers were G. Steene and Terry Lawless.
Professional Boxer.
Gardner won his first 24 fights in a row, remaining undefeated for almost five years, most of his fights won by TKO against a collection of British, European and American journeymen. He defeated Neville Meade, a future British Heavyweight Champion, and the fairly useful Bjorn Rudi and Ngozika Ekwelum during this period, before being caught cold in the first round in 1977 by Ibar Arrington (Gardner was a notoriously slow starter). However, he earned his first title shot that year in 1977 when he defeated Denton Ruddock by TKO for the Southern Area British Heavyweight Championship.
British and Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship.
Gardner, a contender for the vacant British and Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship in 1978, defeated Billy Aird by TKO for the title. Gardner then defeated Greg Sorrentini and the useful American contender Mike Koranicki. Afterwards, Gardner defended his title against the notorious Paul Sykes in 1979, winning by TKO after six rounds forcing his opponent to back down. Later that year, he vacanted the title and lost a points decision to top contender Jimmy Young over ten rounds.
European Heavyweight Championship.
Gardner defeated the Netherlands Rudy Guawe by TKO in 1980 for the Vacant European Heavyweight Championship. Afterwards, Gardner knocked out European rated Italian Lorenzo Zanon in his first title defense in 1980 after five rounds. Gardner, who never lost a title fight during his career, vacanted the title in hopes of a world title. 
Gardner then defeated world rated Ossie Ocasio, the future world cruiserweight champion, in 1980 by KO after six rounds.
Heavyweight contender.
Gardner then signed a contract to fight Muhammad Ali, the legendary Heavyweight Champion of the World. The fighters were scheduled to fight in Hawaii, but Ali backed out of the deal, retiring. He did however in the late 1970s fight a televised 3 round exhibition with Ali in London. Ali clearly got the upper hand but it was interesting an a big moment for British fans. In 1981 Gardner traveled to Detroit, Michigan, to fight the fast moving top rated Michael Dokes.
Gardner kept his pace with the undefeated American boxer, and although Gardner had the better fighting record but against lesser opponents, Dokes was in his prime and the Englishman was knocked out after four rounds. Gardner soon retired at age 28, taking a year off but he made an attempted comeback. He defeated American fringe fighters Ricky James and Lou Benson, Jr before being knocked out in two rounds with Noel Quarless. Gardner retired in 1983 aged 31, with a record of 39 fights, 35 wins, 29 knockouts, and only 4 losses during his boxing career.
Personal life.
Gardner used to own a pub in Gateshead, which was subject to an arson attack.
Gardner worked for Pitney Bowes selling mailing equipment
References.
http://icnewcastle.icnetwork.co.uk/0200sport/boxing/tm_headline=blasted-with-sawn-off-shotgun%26method=full%26objectid=19214428%26siteid=50081-name_page.html
http://www.thelawpages.com/court-hearings-lists/crown-court-lists-archive.php

</doc>
<doc id="20809698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809698" title="Rotational Brownian motion (astronomy)">
Rotational Brownian motion (astronomy)

In astronomy, rotational Brownian motion refers to the random walk in orientation of a binary star's orbital plane, induced by gravitational perturbations from passing stars.
Theory.
Consider a binary that consists of two massive objects (stars, black holes etc.) and that is embedded in a stellar system containing a large number of stars. Let formula_1 and formula_2 be the masses of the two components of the binary whose total mass is formula_3. A field star that approaches the binary with impact parameter formula_4 and velocity formula_5 passes a distance formula_6 from the binary, where
formula_7
the latter expression is valid in the limit that gravitational focusing dominates the encounter rate. The rate of encounters with stars that interact strongly with the binary, i.e. that satisfy formula_8 where formula_9 and formula_10 are the number density and velocity dispersion of the field stars and formula_11 is the semi-major axis of the binary.
As it passes near the binary, the field star experiences a change in velocity of order 
formula_12, 
where formula_13 is the relative velocity of the two stars in the binary.
The change in the field star's specific angular momentum with respect to the binary, formula_14, is then Δ"l" ≈ "a" "V"bin. Conservation of angular momentum implies that the binary's angular momentum changes by Δ"l"bin ≈ -(m/μ12)Δ"l" where "m" is the mass of a field star and μ12 is the binary reduced mass. Changes in the magnitude of "l"bin correspond to changes in the binary's orbital eccentricity via the relation "e" = 1 - "l"b2/"GM"12μ12"a". Changes in the direction of "l"bin correspond to changes in the orientation of the binary, leading to rotational diffusion. The rotational diffusion coefficient is
formula_15
where ρ = "mn" is the mass density of field stars.
Let "F"(θ,"t") be the probability that the rotation axis of the binary is oriented at angle θ at time "t". The evolution equation for "F" is 
formula_16
If <Δξ2>, "a", ρ and σ are constant in time, this becomes
formula_17
where μ = cos θ and τ is the time in units of the relaxation time "t"rel, where
formula_18
The solution to this equation states that the expectation value of μ decays with time as
formula_19
Hence, "t"rel is the time constant for the binary's orientation to be randomized by torques from field stars.
Applications.
Rotational Brownian motion was first discussed in the context of binary supermassive black holes at the centers of galaxies. Perturbations from passing stars can alter the orbital plane of such a binary, which in turn alters the direction of the spin axis of the single black hole that forms when the two coalesce.
Rotational Brownian motion is often observed in N-body simulations of galaxies containing binary black holes. The massive binary sinks to the center of the galaxy via dynamical friction where it interacts with passing stars. The same gravitational perturbations that induce a random walk in the orientation of the binary, also cause the binary to shrink, via the gravitational slingshot. It can be shown that the rms change in the binary's orientation, from the time the binary forms until the two black holes collide, is roughly
formula_20
In a real galaxy, the two black holes would eventually coalesce due to emission of gravitational waves. The spin axis of the coalesced hole will be aligned with the angular momentum axis of the orbit of the pre-existing binary. Hence, a mechanism like rotational Brownian motion that affects the orbits of binary black holes can also affect the distribution of black hole spins. This may explain in part why the spin axes of supermassive black holes appear to be randomly aligned with respect to their host galaxies.

</doc>
<doc id="20809701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809701" title="Mildren">
Mildren

Mildren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20809708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809708" title="Turnpike model of money">
Turnpike model of money

The turnpike model of money explains valued money as a way to facilitate trade between agents who meet as strangers in spatially separated isolated markets with no communication or transactions between the markets at any time.
In the standard frictionless Arrow-Debreu model, since the nonmonetary competitive equilibria are already Pareto optimal, money can't facilitate exchange or is at best useless. A common approach in monetary economics is to either require that agents hold money for institutional reasons (for example, to pay taxes, or because the government forces individuals to accept it), to enter money holdings directly into individual's utility functions (the so-called "money in utility" or Sidrauski model), or to impose an arbitrary Cash-in-advance constraint (the so-called Clower constraint). However all of these approaches are somewhat ad hoc and do not explain why intrinsically worthless money can have value as medium of exchange. The turnpike model of money is one of the possible resolutions of this theoretical problem.

</doc>
<doc id="20809710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809710" title="Jonathan Chase (actor)">
Jonathan Chase (actor)

Jonathan Chase (born October 26, 1979) is an American actor.
Life and career.
Chase was born Jonathan Shane Greenfield in Plantation, Florida. A graduate of the University of Florida, he is best known for his role as Cash during the final season of the UPN show "One on One" starring Kyla Pratt. Chase has appeared in the independent films "7eventy 5ive", "Another Gay Movie", and "Gingerdead Man", opposite Gary Busey. Chase has worked on a multi-episode story on the critically acclaimed The CW series Veronica Mars and appeared in multiple episodes of the Emmy Award-winning show "Monk".
In New York, Chase trained with the Upright Citizens Brigade, strengthening his improvisation skills and comic timing.
In 2009, Chase had supporting roles in two movies. In "All About Steve", starring Sandra Bullock as a crossword puzzle constructor who believes herself to be in love with a CNN cameraman, Chase plays the character Dave. Chase's second movie, "Gamer", stars Gerard Butler as an unwilling participant in an online game in which outside gamers can control human beings as players.
He also played Patrick Connolly in the 2011 video game "L.A. Noire", developed by Rockstar Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20809721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809721" title="Owen Giles">
Owen Giles

Owen Giles is a professional rugby player at Northampton Saints, comfortable at any position in the back and second rows. Having attended The Perse School, Cambridge, Giles captained his school 1st XV and was on the Great Britain Rowing talent ID program.

</doc>
<doc id="20809735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809735" title="Demand generation">
Demand generation

Demand generation is the focus of targeted marketing programs to drive awareness and interest in a company's products and/or services. Commonly used in business to business, business to government, or longer business to consumer sales cycles, demand generation involves multiple areas of marketing and is really the marriage of marketing programs coupled with a structured sales process.
There are multiple components of a stepped demand generation process that vary based on the size and complexity of a sale. These components include, among other things: building awareness, positioning relevance, supporting validation and mitigating customer evaluation.
Building awareness.
The demand generation function in most businesses resides as part of the marketing organization. Demand Generation is a holistic approach to marketing and sales cohesiveness within the company. Building awareness is a vital component in the demand generation process. Building awareness often takes a continued effort and involves multiple facets of marketing. 
Advanced demand generation programs typically rely on some form of proactive Lead Generation activities supported by more traditional market programs and processes. This is because demand generation programs tend to assume that prospective customers are aware that they have a need or problem, and are attempting to solve it when they search for solutions. If the prospect is unaware (consciously or, at least, subconsciously,) that they have the problem, then demand generation may not be effective - thus the need for adjunct lead generation activities.
Branding
Inbound marketing:
Outbound Marketing:
Facilitating discovery.
The second key area of focus for a marketer focused on demand generation is ensuring that when a prospect decides to seek a vendor to provide a solution in a given solution category, they discover the vendor that the marketer serves. This is again accomplished with a variety of techniques and tools, often overlapping with the tools used for creating awareness of the category, but with a different emphasis.
Again, in this phase of the demand generation process, many approaches and tools are used and this list is only a selection of the more common approaches.
Guiding solution validation.
Often confused with demand generation is the lead process itself. Converting demand into sales is a totally separate task. Many companies, however, will call themselves demand generation organizations when they are really lead generating.
This later phase of the buying process involves validating that a selected vendor will meet specified requirements, coming to an agreement with the vendor on costs, contract terms, support and services, and finalizing the purchase process. 
This often involves coordinating the involvement of other organizational and extra-organizational resources such as sales representatives and reference clients. 
The coordination of sales involvement, the selection of the right sales resource, and the timing of the involvement can be difficult to determine. The scoring, ranking, and routing of leads into sales is a sufficiently deep topic to warrant further exploration.
Sales involvement.
The involvement of sales professionals in the solution validation process involves three main aspects. These are the same whether inside sales or field sales professionals are being involved.
Related disciplines.
In order to effectively manage and optimize the required communication, response, and lead management processes outlined above, marketers focused on demand generation must become proficient at two other related disciplines

</doc>
<doc id="20809744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809744" title="Where the Action Is (Steve Alaimo album)">
Where the Action Is (Steve Alaimo album)

Where the Action Is was Steve Alaimo's sixth album and second for the ABC-Paramount label.

</doc>
<doc id="20809766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809766" title="Wrong (Depeche Mode song)">
Wrong (Depeche Mode song)

"Wrong" is Depeche Mode's first single from their twelfth studio album, the Grammy-nominated "Sounds of the Universe", and their 46th UK single overall. It hit the radio in February 2009, and became available for purchase online on 24 February 2009. The single was physically released on 6 April 2009. The 12" of the single was released on 11 May 2009.
The single officially debuted on 21 February 2009, when the band performed at the Echo Awards in Germany.
"Wrong" has received a positive response on United States alternative rock radio, becoming one of the 30 most-played songs in its first week of release.
"Wrong" was added to the BBC Radio 6 "B-List" playlist for the week starting 7 March 2009. However, a week after physical release in April 2009, it charted at #24, the lowest UK chart position for the initial single from a Depeche Mode studio album ("Dreaming of Me", while charting at #57 in 1981, was not an "official" track from the "Speak & Spell" album). By contrast, "Sounds of the Universe" itself reached #2 in the UK upon release in late April, Depeche Mode's highest album chart position there since 1997.
The B-side "Oh Well" (which also appears on the "Sounds of the Universe" deluxe box set edition) is the first collaboration between Martin Gore (music) and Dave Gahan (lyrics).
"Wrong" was featured in a trailer for the 2013 video game "", with the tagline, "make it right."
Music video.
The music video for "Wrong" was filmed in December 2008 and directed by Patrick Daughters. It debuted on the band's MySpace page on 20 February 2009. The video depicts a Ford Crown Victoria rolling backwards down a Los Angeles downtown street, seemingly with no driver at the wheel. A shot inside the car reveals a man in a latex mask lying unconscious in the front seat, played by Liars drummer Julian Gross. When the car bumps another car (but keeps rolling), the man is jolted awake. As he tries in desperation to stop the car, it becomes apparent that he is bound and gagged. The car rolls past the band (watching from a sidewalk) and hits a pedestrian, trash cans, shopping carts, and traffic cones. A police vehicle begins pursuing the car. When the man finally manages to free his wrists and remove the mask, a white pickup truck crashes into the side of the car, bringing it to a halt.
On 3 December 2009, it was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Short Form Video." On the same day, "Sounds Of The Universe," the album of which the single appears on, was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album.
The "Wrong" video is 2nd in Time (magazine) in the "Five best videos of 2009" and was one of "the 20 best videos of 2009" according to Spin Magazine, the position in the list is 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20809772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809772" title="Futures Without Violence">
Futures Without Violence

Futures Without Violence (formerly Family Violence Prevention Fund) is a US-based 501(c)(3) non-profit organisation focused on ending domestic and sexual violence. Futures Without Violence is involved in community based programs, developing educational material, and public policy work.
History.
Futures Without Violence (formerly Family Violence Prevention Fund) was established with a federal grant in 1980 by Esta Soler, its current President. In 1994 it launched the "There’s No Excuse for Domestic Violence" advertising campaign. It has a four-star rating from Charity Navigator. As of June 1, 2011, Family Violence Prevention Fund has changed its name to Futures Without Violence.
Public policy.
Futures Without Violence assisted in drafting the first comprehensive national legislation ever to address violence against women - the "Violence Against Women Act of 1994" - and in expanding and reauthorizing it in 2000 and 2005.
Campaigns.
Coaching Boys into MenIn 2001, Futures Without Violence (then the Family Violence Prevention Fund) and the Advertising Council launched a public education campaign called Coaching Boys into Men. This media campaign encourages men to talk to the boys in their life about the importance of respect and nonviolence. The Coaching Boys into Men media campaign includes television, radio, and print public service announcements in multiple languages. 
In 2004, Coaching Boys into Men expanded from a media campaign into a sports-based program for athletic coaches to lead with their young male athletes. The Coaching Boys into Men Coaches Leadership Program includes tools and resources to guide coaches in talking to their athletes about respect, non-violence, and relationships. The CBIM Coaches Kit includes the CBIM Playbook, CBIM Card Series and additional support materials for coaches to lead weekly activities with their athletes throughout the sports season. 
Coaching Boys into Men also includes work outside of the United States. In 2007, Futures Without Violence and UNICEF partnered to develop and distribute an International Coaches Manual that includes quotes and endorsement from stars such as David Beckham, Emmanuel Adebayor, and Thierry Henry. The International Coaches Manual is available in English, Spanish, French and Portuguese. In 2009, Futures Without Violence began an initiative with the Nike Foundation to develop a cricket based Coaching Boys into Men program in India.
Founding FathersFutures Without Violence’s Founding Fathers campaign is intended to mobilize men, inviting them to teach the next generation to treat women and girls with honor and respect, teaching boys that violence does not equal strength. Since 2003, on Father’s Day, men from all walks of life are invited to sign a Founding Fathers Declaration to join the movement to end violence against women and children. The names of these men that support the campaign are printed on a full page ad in the New York Times on Father’s Day. 
Start Strong: Building Healthy Teen RelationshipsStart Strong: Building Healthy Teen Relationships is the largest initiative ever funded to target 11- to- 14-year-olds and rally entire communities to promote healthy relationships as the way to prevent teen dating violence and abuse. A national program of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) in collaboration with Futures Without Violence, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and Blue Shield of California Foundation are investing $18 million in 11 Start Strong communities across the country to identify and evaluate best practices in prevention to stop dating violence and abuse before it starts. 
kNOw MOREThe kNOw MORE campaign explores the reproductive health consequences of violence and sexual coercion. The national public awareness campaign invites youth to say ‘no more’ to reproductive coercion; know more about how to stop it; and say more to anyone and everyone who will listen. Its aim is to use the campaign website, www.knowmoresaymore.org, to start a dialogue and find a common language on the issue by using the stories of women and teens that have experienced reproductive coercion. 
RESPECT!The RESPECT! Campaign is a social action campaign designed to promote respect in relationships and increase awareness about the positive role everyone can play to help end and prevent relationship violence and abuse. The RESPECT! Campaign is a multi-year initiative supported by Macy’s, the national founding partner and exclusive retailer of the official RESPECT! bracelet. 
That's Not CoolIn 2009, Futures Without Violence and The Advertising Council launched That’s Not Cool, a national public service advertising campaign that uses digital examples of controlling behavior online and by cell phone to encourage teens to draw their own line about what is, or is not, okay in a relationship. This multimedia campaign, created pro bono by R/GA, includes an interactive website, mobile component, television, radio, print, outdoor, posters, and Web ads. The PSAs direct audiences to visit www.ThatsNotCool.com, where teens can find tools to “draw their own digital line” and a forum to discuss this form of abuse and seek help. 
Lessons from LiteratureFutures Without Violence and the National Council of Teachers of English (NCTE) launched Lessons from Literature, a program that enlists high school English teachers all across the country to use the books and material they’re already teaching to facilitate discussion and build awareness about physical, verbal, and sexual abuse. The program includes lesson plans that are aligned with National Standards for the English Language Arts, materials to prepare teachers and students to discuss themes of abuse, and an online resource library that suggests books, poems, artwork, and more that can be used to begin these discussions.
Programs.
Futures Without Violence’s Health Care Initiative provides health care providers with the resources necessary to identify and respond to domestic violence. Futures Without Violence hosts the National Health Resource Center on Domestic Violence. It is the nation’s clearinghouse for information on the health care response to domestic violence and provides free technical assistance and materials to thousands of people each year. The Center is one of five specialized domestic violence resource centers in the country funded by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Futures Without Violence’s National Judicial Institute gives judges guidelines, education and materials to ensure that their courtrooms provide real help to victims of family violence. 
The Futures Without Violence Children’s Initiative works with domestic violence and batterer intervention programs, child welfare agencies and community organizers to build collaborations and partnerships that promote safe and healthy families. 
Futures Without Violence's Workplace Project is a collaboration with employers and unions, and offers an online resource kit which includes items like sample workplace domestic violence policies, education and training materials, case studies and resources. 
Futures Without Violence works with immigrant communities in the United States to expand services for immigrant victims of violence and to mobilize Americans to press for more humane asylum policies. Futures Without Violence’s International Partnerships in China, India, Mexico and Russia are addressing all forms of violence, including human trafficking.

</doc>
<doc id="20809781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20809781" title="James Cannon (rugby union)">
James Cannon (rugby union)

James Cannon is an English rugby union player who joined Wasps in 2010. He formerly played for Northampton Saints.

</doc>
