<doc id="20836075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836075" title="History of Palestine">
History of Palestine

The history of Palestine is the study of the past in the region of Palestine, the geographic region in Western Asia between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River, and various adjoining lands. Situated at a strategic location between Egypt, Syria and Arabia, and the birthplace of major Abrahamic religions the region has a long and tumultuous history as a crossroads for religion, culture, commerce, and politics. Palestine has been controlled by numerous different peoples, including the Ancient Egyptians, Canaanites, Philistines, Tjekker, Ancient Israelites, Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, Ancient Greeks, Romans, Byzantines, the Muslims, the Crusaders, Ayyubids, Mameluks, Ottomans, the British, The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan (1948–1967, on the "West Bank") and Egyptian Republic (in Gaza), and modern Israelis and Palestinians. Other terms for the same area include Canaan, Zion, the Land of Israel, Southern Syria, Jund Filastin, Outremer, the Holy Land and the Southern Levant.
The region was among the earliest in the world to see human habitation, agricultural communities and civilization. During the Bronze Age, independent Canaanite city-states were established, and were influenced by the surrounding civilizations of ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Phoenicia, Minoan Crete, and Syria. During 1550–1400 BCE, the Canaanite cities became vassals to the Egyptian New Kingdom who held power until the 1178 BCE Battle of Djahy (Canaan) during the wider Bronze Age collapse. Modern archaeologists dispute parts of the Biblical tradition, the latest thinking being that the Israelites emerged from a dramatic social transformation that took place in the people of the central hill country of Canaan around 1200 BCE, with no signs of violent invasion or even of peaceful infiltration of a clearly defined ethnic group from elsewhere. The Philistines arrived and mingled with the local population, and according to Biblical tradition, the United Kingdom of Israel was established in 1020 BCE and split within a century to form the northern Kingdom of Israel, and the southern Kingdom of Judah. The region became part of the Neo-Assyrian Empire from c. 740 BCE, which was itself replaced by the Neo-Babylonian Empire in c. 627 BCE. A war with Egypt culminated in 586 BCE when Jerusalem was destroyed by the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar II and the local leaders were deported to Babylonia, only to be allowed to return under the Achaemenid Empire.
In the 330s BCE, Alexander the Great conquered Palestine, and the region changed hands numerous times during the wars of the Diadochi, ultimately joining the Seleucid Empire between 219–200 BCE. In 116 BCE, a Seleucid civil war resulted in the independence of certain regions including the minor Hasmonean principality in the Judean Mountains. From 110 BCE, the Hasmoneans extended their authority over much of Palestine, creating a Judean–Samaritan–Idumaean–Ituraean–Galilean alliance. The Judean (Jewish, see Ioudaioi) control over the wider region resulted in it also becoming known as Judaea, a term that had previously only referred to the smaller region of the Judean Mountains. During 73–63 BCE, the Roman Republic extended its influence into the region in the Third Mithridatic War, conquering Judea in 63 BCE, and splitting the former Hasmonean Kingdom into five districts. In 70 CE, Titus sacked Jerusalem, resulting in the dispersal of the city's Jews and Christians to Yavne and Pella. In 132 CE, Hadrian joined the province of Iudaea with Galilee to form the new province of Syria Palaestina, and Jerusalem was renamed "Aelia Capitolina". During 259–272, the region fell under the rule of Odaenathus as King of the Palmyrene Empire. Following the victory of Christian emperor Constantine in the Civil Wars of the Tetrarchy (306–324), the Christianization of the Roman Empire began, and in 326, Constantine's mother Saint Helena visited Jerusalem and began the construction of churches and shrines. Palestine became a center of Christianity, attracting numerous monks and religious scholars. The Samaritan Revolts during this period caused their near extinction.
Palestine was conquered by the Islamic Empire following the 636 CE Battle of Yarmouk during the Muslim conquest of Syria. In 661 CE, with the assassination of Ali, Muawiyah I became the uncontested Caliph of the Islamic World after being crowned in Jerusalem. In 691, the Dome of the Rock became the world's first great work of Islamic architecture. The Umayyad were replaced by the Abbasids in 750. From 878 Palestine was ruled from Egypt by semi-autonomous rulers for almost a century, beginning with Ahmad ibn Tulun, and ending with the Ikhshidid rulers who were both buried in Jerusalem. The Fatimids conquered the region in 969. In 1073 Palestine was captured by the Great Seljuq Empire, only to be recaptured by the Fatimids in 1098, who then lost the region to the Crusaders in 1099. Their control of Jerusalem and most of Palestine lasted almost a century until defeat by Saladin's forces in 1187, after which most of Palestine was controlled by the Ayyubids. A rump Crusader state in the northern coastal cities survived for another century, but, despite seven further Crusades, the Crusaders were no longer a significant power in the region. The Mamluk Sultanate was indirectly created in Egypt as a result of the Seventh Crusade. The Mongol Empire reached Palestine for the first time in 1260, beginning with the Mongol raids into Palestine under Nestorian Christian general Kitbuqa and reaching an apex at the pivotal Battle of Ain Jalut. In 1486, hostilities broke out between the Mamluks and the Ottoman Turks in a battle for control over western Asia and the Ottomans captured Palestine in 1516.
In 1832 the region was conquered by Muhammad Ali's Egypt, but in 1840 Britain intervened and returned control of the Levant to the Ottomans in return for further capitulations. The turbulent period of Egyptian rule experienced two major revolts (the 1834 Arab Peasants revolt and 1838 Druze revolt) and a significant demographic change in coastal areas, populated by Egyptian Arab peasants and former soldiers of Ali. The end of the 19th century saw the beginning of Zionist immigration and the revival of the Hebrew language. Jewish immigration throughout the century boosted relatively large Jewish concentrations in Jerusalem, Safed, Tiberias and Jaffa. The British government issued the pro-Zionist Balfour Declaration of 1917 during World War I.
The British captured Jerusalem a month later, and were formally awarded a mandate in 1922. Following a period of intercommunal violence, the Arab Palestinians revolted 1936, but were efficiently subdued by the British. In 1947, following World War II and the Holocaust, the British Government announced their desire to terminate the Mandate, and the United Nations General Assembly voted to partition the territory. The Arabs rejected the UN partition plan, and a civil war began immediately, with the State of Israel declared independent in May 1948. The 700,000 Palestinians who fled or were driven from their homes were unable to return following the Lausanne Conference, 1949. During and after the 1948 war, a wave of Jewish refugees from Arab countries arrived, further complicating the demographic situation.
In the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Israel captured and incorporated more Mandate territory than suggested in the 1947 Partition Plan; Jordan captured the region today known as the West Bank, while at the Gaza Strip the All-Palestine Government was announced in September 1948. Consequently, it was however relocated to Cairo and eventually dissolved in 1959 by Egyptian President Nasser, officially making Gaza under Egyptian military administration.
In the course of the Six Day War in June 1967, Israel captured the rest of former Mandate Palestine from Jordan and Egypt, and began a policy of Israeli settlements. From 1987 to 1993, the First Palestinian Intifada against Israel took place, ending with the 1993 Oslo Peace Accords. In 2000, the Second or Al-Aqsa Intifada began, and Israel built a barrier. Following Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004, it withdrew all settlers and most of its military presence from the Gaza strip, but maintained control of the air space and coast.
On November 2012, the State of Palestine was upgraded in the UN to non-member observer state status.
Ancient period.
Proto-Canaanite period.
The earliest human remains in Palestine were found in Ubeidiya, some 3 km south of the Sea of Galilee (Lake Tiberias), in the Jordan Rift Valley. The remains are dated to the Pleistocene, c. 1.5 million years ago. These are traces of the earliest migration of "Homo erectus" out of Africa. The site yielded hand axes of the Acheulean type.
Wadi El Amud between Safed and the Sea of Galilee was the site of the first prehistoric dig in Palestine, in 1925. The discovery of Palestine Man in the Zuttiyeh Cave in Wadi Al-Amud near Safed in 1925 provided some clues to human development in the area. Qafzeh is a paleoanthropological site south of Nazareth where eleven significant fossilised "Homo sapiens" skeletons have been found at the main rock shelter. These anatomically modern humans, both adult and infant, are now dated to about 90–100,000 years old, and many of the bones are stained with red ochre, which is conjectured to have been used in the burial process, a significant indicator of ritual behavior and thereby symbolic thought and intelligence. 71 pieces of unused red ochre also littered the site. Mount Carmel has yielded several important findings, among them Kebara Cave that was inhabited between 60,000–48,000 BP and where the most complete Neanderthal skeleton found to date. The Tabun cave was occupied intermittently during the Lower and Middle Paleolithic ages (500,000 to around 40,000 years ago). Excavations suggest that it features one of the longest sequences of human occupation in the Levant. In the nearby Es Skhul cave excavations revealed the first evidence of the late Epipalaeolithic Natufian culture, characterized by the presence of abundant microliths, human burials and ground stone tools. This also represents one area where Neanderthals—present in the region from 200,000 to 45,000 years ago—lived alongside modern humans dating to 100,000 years ago. In the caves of Shuqba in Ramallah and Wadi Khareitun in Bethlehem, stone, wood and animal bone tools were found and attributed to the Natufian culture (c. 12,800–10,300 BCE). Other remains from this era have been found at Tel Abu Hureura, Ein Mallaha, Beidha and Jericho.
Between 10,000 and 5000 BCE, agricultural communities were established. Evidence of such settlements were found at Tel es-Sultan in Jericho and consisted of a number of walls, a religious shrine, and a tower with an internal staircase
Jericho is believed to be one of the oldest continuously-inhabited cities in the world, with evidence of settlement dating back to 9000 BCE, providing important information about early human habitation in the Near East. Along the Jericho–Dead Sea–Bir es-Saba–Gaza–Sinai route, a culture originating in Syria, marked by the use of copper and stone tools, brought new migrant groups to the region contributing to an increasingly urban fabric.
By the early Bronze Age (3000–2200 BCE), independent Canaanite city-states situated in plains and coastal regions and surrounded by mud-brick defensive walls were established and most of these cities relied on nearby agricultural hamlets for their food needs. Archaeological finds from the early Canaanite era have been found at Tel Megiddo, Jericho, Tel al-Far'a (Gaza), Bisan, and Ai (Deir Dibwan/Ramallah District), Tel an Nasbe (al-Bireh) and Jib (Jerusalem). The Canaanite city-states held trade and diplomatic relations with Egypt and Syria. Parts of the Canaanite urban civilization were destroyed around 2300 BCE, though there is no consensus as to why. Incursions by nomads from the east of the Jordan River who settled in the hills followed soon thereafter.
In the Middle Bronze Age (2200–1500 BCE), Canaan was influenced by the surrounding civilizations of ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Phoenicia, Minoan Crete, and Syria. Diverse commercial ties and an agriculturally based economy led to the development of new pottery forms, the cultivation of grapes, and the extensive use of bronze. Burial customs from this time seemed to be influenced by a belief in the afterlife. The Middle Kingdom Egyptian Execration Texts attest to Canaanite trade with Egypt during this period. The Minoan influence is apparent at Tel Kabri.
New Kingdom Egyptian period.
During 1550–1400 BCE, the Canaanite cities became vassals to Egypt as the Egyptian New Kingdom reunited Egypt and expanded into the Levant under Ahmose I and Thutmose I. Political, commercial and military events towards the end of this period (1450–1350 BCE) were recorded by ambassadors and Canaanite proxy rulers for Egypt in 379 cuneiform tablets known as the Amarna Letters.
Excavations have established that the late 13th, the 12th and the early 11th centuries BCE witnessed the foundation of perhaps hundreds of insignificant, unprotected village settlements, many in the mountains of Palestine. From around the 11th century BCE, there was a reduction in the number of villages, though this was counterbalanced by the rise of certain settlements to the status of fortified townships.
In 1178 BCE, the Battle of Djahy (Canaan) between Ramesses III and the Sea Peoples marked the beginning of the decline in power of the New Kingdom in the Levant during the wider Bronze Age collapse.
Independent Israelite, Philistine and Canaanite period.
During the beginning of the Iron Age (c. 1175 BCE), the Philistines occupied the southern coast of Canaan, and mingled with the local population, losing their separate identity over several generations. Pottery remains found in Ashkelon, Ashdod, Gath (city), Ekron and Gaza decorated with stylized birds provided the first archaeological evidence for Philistine settlement in the region. The Philistines are credited with introducing iron weapons and chariots to the local population.
Modern archaeologists dispute parts of the Biblical tradition. In The Bible Unearthed Finkelstein and Silberman describe how, up until 1967, the Israelite heartland in the highlands of western Palestine was virtually an archaeological 'terra incognita'. Since then the traditional territories of the tribes of Judah, Benjamin, Ephraim, and Manasseh have been covered by intensive surveys. These surveys have revealed the sudden emergence of a new culture contrasting with the Philistine and Canaanite societies existing in Palestine during Iron Age I. This new culture is characterised by the lack of pork remains (whereas pork formed 20% of the Philistine diet in places), an abandonment of the Philistines/Canaanite custom of having highly decorated pottery, and the practice of circumcision. The Israelite ethnic identity had been created, not from the Exodus and a subsequent conquest, but from a transformation of the existing Canaanite-Philistine cultures.
"These surveys revolutionized the study of early Israel. The discovery of the remains of a dense network of highland villages — all apparently established within the span of few generations — indicated that a dramatic social transformation had taken place in the central hill country of Canaan around 1200 BCE. There was no sign of violent invasion or even the infiltration of a clearly defined ethnic group. Instead, it seemed to be a revolution in lifestyle. In the formerly sparsely populated highlands from the Judean hills in the south to the hills of Samaria in the north, far from the Canaanite cities that were in the process of collapse and disintegration, about two-hundred fifty hilltop communities suddenly sprang up. Here were the first Israelites."
From then on, over a period of hundreds of years until after the return of the exiles from Babylon, the Canaanites were gradually absorbed by the Israelites until after the period of Ezra (~450 BCE) when there is no more biblical record of them. Hebrew, a dialect of Canaanite became the language of the hill country and later the valleys and plains.
According to the Hebrew Bible, the United Kingdom of Israel was established by the Israelite tribes with Saul as its first king in 1020 BCE. In 1000 BCE, Jerusalem was made the capital of King David's kingdom and it is believed that the First Temple was constructed in this period by King Solomon. By 930 BCE, the united kingdom split to form the northern Kingdom of Israel, and the southern Kingdom of Judah. These kingdoms coexisted with several more kingdoms in the greater Palestine area, including Philistine town states on the Southwestern Mediterranean coast, Edom, to the South of Judah, and Moab and Ammon to the East of the river Jordan. The socio-political system during this period was characterized by local patrons fighting other local patrons, lasting until around the mid-9th century BCE when some local chieftains were able to create large political structures that exceeded the boundaries of those present in the Late Bronze Age Levant.
Archaeological evidence from this era is believed to corroborate some Biblical events. In 925 BCE, Pharaoh Sheshonk I of the Third Intermediate Period is recorded to have invaded Canaan following the Battle of Bitter Lakes, and is thought to be the same as Shishak, the first Pharaoh mentioned in the Bible who captured and pillaged Jerusalem. There was an at least partial Egyptian withdrawal from Palestine in this period, though it is likely that Bet Shean was an Egyptian garrison as late as the beginning of the 10th century BCE. The Kurkh Monolith, dated c. 835 BCE, describes King Shalmaneser III of Assyria's Battle of Qarqar, where he fought alongside the contingents of several kings, among them King Ahab and King Gindibu. The Mesha Stele, from c. 850 BCE, recounts the conquering of Moab, located East of the Dead Sea, by king Omri, and the successful revolt of Moabian king Mesha against Omri's son, presumably King Ahab (and French scholar André Lemaire reported that line 31 of the Stele bears the phrase "the house of David" (in "Biblical Archaeology Review" 1994, pp. 30–37).). Inscriptions at Tel Dan and Tell es-Safi record parts of the conquest of the region by Hazael of Aram Damascus in the 830s BCE.
Developments in Palestine during this period have been the focus of debate between those who accept the version in the Hebrew Bible of the conquest of Canaan by the Israelite tribes, and those who reject it. Niels Peter Lemche, of the Copenhagen School of Biblical Studies, submits that the biblical picture of ancient Israel "is contrary to any image of ancient Palestinian society that can be established on the basis of ancient sources from Palestine or referring to Palestine and that there is no way this image in the Bible can be reconciled with the historical past of the region". For example, according to Jon Schiller and Hermann Austel, among others, while in the past, the Bible story was seen as historical truth, "a growing number of archaeological scholars, particularly those of the minimalist school, are now insisting that Kings David and Solomon are 'no more real than King Arthur,' citing the lack of archaeological evidence attesting to the existence of the United Kingdom of Israel, and the unreliability of biblical texts, due to their being composed in a much later period."
Sites and artifacts, including the Large Stone Structure, Mount Ebal, the Menertaph, and Mesha stelae, among others, are subject to widely varying historical interpretations: the "conservative camp" reconstructs the history of Israel according to the biblical text and views archaeological evidence in that context, while scholars in the minimalist or deconstructionist school hold that there is no archaeological evidence supporting the idea of a United Monarchy (or Israelite nation) and the biblical account is a religious mythology created by Judean scribes in the Persian and Hellenistic periods; a third camp of centrist scholars acknowledges the value of some isolated elements of the Pentateuch and of Deuteronomonistic accounts as potentially valid history of monarchic times that can be in accord with the archaeological evidence, but argue that nevertheless the biblical narrative should be understood as highly ideological and adapted to the needs of the community at the time of its compilation.
Neo-Assyrian and Neo-Babylonian Empires period.
Assyrian inscriptions from c. 740 BCE record the military victories of Tiglath Pileser III in the region, during which period the Neo-Assyrian Empire conquered most of the Levant. The Bible records the Israelite cities becoming vassals to the Neo-Assyrian Empire during this period. At around this time, the Siege of Gezer (c. 733 BCE), west of Jerusalem, is recorded on a stone relief at the Assyrian royal palace in Nimrud. Further military expeditions into the region are recorded in the annals of Sargon and Sennacherib, as well as in the bible. According to the bible, between 722 and 720 BCE the northern Kingdom of Israel was destroyed by the Assyrian Empire and the Israelite tribes—thereafter known as the Lost Tribes—were exiled. The most important finding from the southern Kingdom of Judah is the Siloam Inscription, dated c. 700 BCE, which celebrates the successful encounter of diggers, digging from both sides of the Jerusalem wall to create the Hezekiah water tunnel and water pool, mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, in .
The Neo-Assyrian Empire was replaced with the Neo-Babylonian Empire in c. 627 BCE, following the death of Ashurbanipal and the successful revolt of Nabopolassar.
The region was controlled briefly by Pharaoh Necho II of the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt between the Battle of Megiddo (609 BCE) and the Battle of Carchemish four years later, and further conflict between the Babylonians and the 26th dynasty of Egypt is recorded during 601–586 BCE. According to the bible, this culminated in 586 BCE when Jerusalem and the First Temple were destroyed by the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar II. Most of the surviving Israelite leaders, and much of the other local population, were deported to Babylonia.
Persian (Achaemenid) Empire period.
Following King Cyrus the Great's defeat of the Neo-Babylonian Empire at the Battle of Opis, the region became part of the Eber-Nari satrapy or District number V (corresponding the regions of (Syria, Phoenicia, Palestine and Cyprus) according to Herodotus and Arrian, which included three administrative areas: Phoenicia, Judah and Samaria, and the Arabian tribes. The Phoenician cities of Tyre, Sidon, Byblos, and Aradus were vassal states ruled by hereditary local kings who struck their own silver coins and whose power was limited by the Persian satrap and local popular assemblies. The economies of these cities were mainly based on maritime trade. During military operations, the Phoenicians were obliged to put their fleet at the disposal of the Persian kings. Judah and Samaria enjoyed considerable internal autonomy. Bullae and seal impressions of the end of the 6th and beginning of the 5th centuries mention the province of Judah. Its governors included Sheshbazzar and Zerubbabel under Cyrus and Darius I; Nehemiah ; Bagohi, who succeeded Nehemiah and whose ethnicity is difficult to determine; and "Yehizkiyah the governor" and "Yohanan the priest", known from coins struck in Judah in the 4th century BCE. From the second half of the 5th century the province of Samaria was governed by Sanballat and his descendants.
According to the bible and implications from the Cyrus Cylinder, Jews were allowed to return to what their holy books had termed the Land of Israel, and having been granted some autonomy by the Persian administration, it was during this period that the Second Temple in Jerusalem was built. Sebastia, near Nablus, was the northernmost province of the Persian administration in Palestine, and its southern borders were drawn at Hebron. Some of the local population served as soldiers and lay people in the Persian administration, while others continued to agriculture. In 400 BCE, the Nabataeans made inroads into southern Palestine and built a separate civilization in the Negev that lasted until 160 BCE. The end of the Persian period was marked by a number of revolts in the region, including a significant uprising against Artaxerxes III in 350 BCE, which resulted in the destruction of Jerusalem.
Classical antiquity.
Hellenic Kingdoms (Ptolemaic / Seleucid / Hasmonean) period.
In the late 330s BCE, Alexander the Great conquered the region, during his six-year Macedonian conquest of the empire of Darius III of Persia. Alexander's armies took Palestine without complication while traveling to Egypt after the Siege of Tyre, beginning an important period of Hellenistic influence in the land.
During 323–301 BCE, the region changed hands numerous times during the wars of the Diadochi, with rulers including Laomedon of Mytilene, Ptolemy I Soter and Antigonus I Monophthalmus. In 312 BCE Ptolemy I Soter defeated Antigonus' son Demetrius I at the Battle of Gaza, but withdrew from the region shortly thereafter. It is probable that Seleucus I Nicator, then an Admiral under Ptolemy's command, took part in the battle, as following the battle he was given 800 infantry and 200 cavalry and immediately travelled to Babylon where he founded the Seleucid Empire. The region was finally re-captured by Ptolemy I Soter after Antigonus I Monophthalmus was killed at the Battle of Ipsus. Ptolemy had not taken part in the battle, and the victors Seleucus I Nicator and Lysimachus had carved up the Antigonid Empire between them, with Southern Syria intended to become part of the Seleucid Empire. Although Seleucus did not attempt to conquer the area he was due, Ptolemy's pre-emptive move led to the Syrian Wars, which began in 274 BCE between the successors of the two leaders. The northern portion of Palestine ultimately fell into the hands of the Seleucid Empire in 219 through the betrayal of Governor Theodotus of Aetolia, who had held the province on behalf of Ptolemy IV Philopator. The Seleucids advanced on Egypt, but were defeated at the Battle of Raphia (Rafah) in 217. However, in 200 BCE Southern Palestine also fell under the control of the Seleucid Empire following the Battle of Panium (part of the Fifth Syrian War) in which Antiochus III the Great defeated the Ptolemies.
The landscape during this period was markedly changed by extensive growth and development that included urban planning and the establishment of well-built fortified cities. Hellenistic pottery was produced that absorbed Philistine traditions. Trade and commerce flourished, particularly in the most Hellenized areas, such as Ashkelon, Jaffa, Jerusalem, Gaza, and ancient Nablus (Tell Balatah).
The Persians had not interfered with the internal affairs of the various subject-peoples of the region, but the Greeks followed a policy of deliberate Hellenisation, encouraging, although not normally enforcing, Greek culture. Hellenisation took root first in the densely settled coastal and lowland areas, and only really began to impinge on more backward areas such as Judea in the early 2nd century. According to Josephus and the Books of the Maccabees, the continued Hellenization of Palestine by the Seleucids resulted in an uprising in the Judean Mountains, known as the Maccabean Revolt. Although the revolt was quelled in 160 BCE at the Battle of Elasa, the Seleucid Empire entered a period of rapid decline in 145–144 BCE, beginning with the overthrowing of King Alexander Balas at the Battle of Antioch (145 BCE) (the capital of the empire) by Demetrius II Nicator in alliance with Ptolemy VI Philometor of Egypt, as well as the capturing of Seleucia (the previous capital of the empire) by Mithradates I of Parthia. By 116 BCE, a civil war between Seleucid half-brothers Antiochus VIII Grypus and Antiochus IX Cyzicenus resulted in a breakup of the kingdom and the independence of certain principalities, including Judea. This allowed Judean leader John Hyrcanus to carry out the first military conquests of the independent Hasmonean kingdom in 110 BCE, raising a mercenary army to capture Madaba and Schechem, significantly increasing the regional influence of Jerusalem The Hasmoneans gradually extended their authority over much of the region, forcibly converting the populations of neighbouring regions, and creating a Judean-Samaritan-Idumaean-Ituraean-Galilean alliance in the process. The Judean (Jewish, see Ioudaioi) control over the wider region resulted in it also becoming known as Judaea, a term that had previously only referred to the smaller region of the Judean Mountains.
During 73–63 BCE, the Roman Republic extended its influence into the region in the Third Mithridatic War. During the war, Armenian King Tigranes the Great took control of Syria and prepared to invade Judea but retreated following an invasion of Armenia by Lucullus. According to Armenian historian Movses Khorenatsi writing in c. 482 CE, Tigranes captured Jerusalem and deported Hyrcanus to Armenia, however most scholars deem this account to be incorrect.
Roman Iudaea period.
Following the Roman conquest of Judea led by Pompey in 63 BCE, Aulus Gabinius, proconsul of Syria, split the former Hasmonean Kingdom into five districts of legal and religious councils known as sanhedrin based at Jerusalem, Sepphoris (Galilee), Jericho, Amathus (Perea) and Gadara. Roman rule was solidified when Herod, whose dynasty was of Idumean ancestry, was appointed as king. Following a brief intervention by Pacorus I of Parthia, from 37 Iudaea under Herod I was a client kingdom of the Roman Empire.
Urban planning under the Romans was characterized by cities designed around the Forum—the central intersection of two main streets—the Cardo, running north-south and the Decumanus running east-west. Cities were connected by an extensive road network developed for economic and military purposes. Among the most notable archaeological remnants from this era are Herodium (Tel al-Fureidis) to the south of Bethlehem, Masada and Caesarea Maritima. Herod arranged a renovation of the Second Temple in Jerusalem, with a massive expansion of the Temple Mount platform and major expansion of the Jewish Temple around 19 BCE. The Temple Mount's natural plateau was extended by enclosing the area with four massive retaining walls and filling the voids. This artificial expansion resulted in a large flat expanse, which today forms the eastern section of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Around the time associated with the birth of Jesus, Roman Palestine was in a state of disarray and direct Roman rule was re-established. In 6 CE, the Herodian governorate ended with the deposition of Herod Archelaus as the ethnarch of the Tetrarchy of Judea. The Herodian Dynasty was then replaced by Roman prefects and after 44 CE by procurators, beginning with Coponius. Herodians continued to rule elsewhere in Palestine. Senator Quirinius was appointed Legate of the Roman province of Syria (to which Judea had been "added" according to Josephus though Ben-Sasson claims it was a "satellite of Syria" and not "legally part of Syria") and carried out the tax census of both Syria and Judea known as the Census of Quirinius. Caesarea Palaestina replaced Jerusalem as the administrative capital of the region.
Most scholars agree that Jesus was a Galilean Jew, born around the beginning of the first century, and hold that Jesus lived in Galilee and Judea and did not preach or study elsewhere. Using the gospel accounts with historical data, most scholars arrive at a date of birth between 6 and 4 CE for Jesus, but some propose estimates that lie in a wider range. The general scholarly consensus is that Jesus was a contemporary of John the Baptist and was crucified by Roman governor Pontius Pilate. Most scholars agree that his crucifixion was between 30 and 33 CE.
As a result of the First Jewish-Roman War (66–73), Titus sacked Jerusalem (in 70 CE) destroying the Second Temple, leaving only supporting walls, including the Western Wall. According to Josephus, the estimated death toll was 250,000–1,100,000. Pharisee rabbi Yokhanan ben Zakai, a student of Hillel, fled during the siege of Jerusalem to negotiate with the Roman General Titus. Yokhanan obtained permission to reestablish a Sanhedrin in the coastal city of "Iamnia" (modern Yavne) (see also Council of Jamnia). He founded a school of Torah there that would eventually evolve, through the Mishna in around 200 CE, into Rabbinic Judaism. The region's leading Christians (Jewish Christians) relocated to Pella. Other Jewish groups such as Sadducees and Essenes are no longer recorded as groups in history.
In 106 CE, the Nabatean territory was incorporated into the Roman province of Arabia.
Roman Syria Palaestina period.
In 132 CE, the Emperor Hadrian joined the province of Iudaea (comprising Samaria, Judea proper, and Idumea) with Galilee to form new province of Syria Palaestina. Hadrian probably chose a name that revived the ancient name of Philistia (Palestine), combining it with that of the neighboring province of Syria, in an attempt to suppress Jewish connection to the land. However Cassius Dio, the Roman historian from whom we have the bulk of our understanding of the revolt, does not mention the change of name nor the reason behind it in his "Roman History". Jerusalem was renamed "Aelia Capitolina" and temples were built there to honor Roman gods, particularly Jupiter. In 135 CE, the victory in Bar Kokhba's revolt by Hadrian resulted in 580,000 Jews killed (according to Cassius Dio) and destabilization of the region's Jewish population.
Jerusalem was re-established as the Roman military colony of Aelia Capitolina; a largely unsuccessful attempt was made to prevent Jews and Christians from living there. Many Jews and Christians left Palestine altogether for the Diaspora communities, and large numbers of prisoners of war were sold as slaves throughout the Empire. Christianity in particular was practiced in secret and the Hellenization of Palestine continued under Septimius Severus (193–211 CE). New pagan cities were founded in Judea at Eleutheropolis (Bayt Jibrin), Diopolis (Lydd), and Nicopolis (Emmaus). Some two hundred Jewish communities remained, as gradually certain religious freedoms were restored, such as exemption from the imperial cult and internal self-administration. The Romans made no such concession to the Samaritans, to whom religious liberties were denied, while their sanctuary on Mt.Gerizim was defiled by a pagan temple, as part of measures were taken to suppress the resurgence of Samaritan nationalism.
A number of events with far-reaching consequences took place during this period, including further religious schisms between Christianity and Rabbinic Judaism such as a council held by the bishops of Palestine in Caesarea in 195 that decreed that Easter was to be always kept on a Sunday, and not with the Jewish Passover. The Romans destroyed the community of the Mother Church in Jerusalem, which had existed since the time of Jesus The line of Jewish bishops in Jerusalem, which is claimed to have started with Jesus's brother James the Righteous as its first bishop, ceased to exist, within the Empire. Hans Kung suggests that the Jewish Christians sought refuge in Arabia and he quotes with approval a view that this created a paradox of truly world-historical significance that while Jewish Christianity was swallowed up in the Christian church, it preserved itself in Islam.
During 259–272, the region fell under the rule of Odaenathus as King of the Palmyrene Empire after the capture of Emperor Valerian by Shapur I at the Battle of Edessa caused the Roman Empire to splinter until Aurelian defeated the Palmyrenes at the Battle of Emesa (Homs).
Late Antiquity period.
Late Roman Empire period.
Following the victory of Christian emperor Constantine in the Civil Wars of the Tetrarchy (306–324), the total Christianization of the Roman Empire began. Within a few months, the First Council of Nicaea (first worldwide Christian council) confirmed the status of Aelia (Jerusalem) as a patriarchate, at which point the city is generally taken to have been renamed Jerusalem. Theodosius I declared Christianity the state religion of the empire in 380, and Palestine became part of the Eastern Roman Empire ("Byzantium") after the division of the Roman Empire into east and west (a fitful process that was not finalized until 395 CE).
The Byzantines redrew the borders of the Land of Palestine. The various Roman provinces (Syria Palaestina, Samaria, Galilee, and Peraea) were reorganized into three diocese of Palaestina, reverting to the name first used by Greek historian Herodotus in the mid-5th century BCE: Palaestina Prima, Secunda, and Tertia or Salutaris (First, Second, and Third Palestine), part of the Diocese of the East. "Palaestina Prima" consisted of Judea, Samaria, the coast, and Peraea with the governor residing in Caesarea. "Palaestina Secunda" consisted of the Galilee, the lower Jezreel Valley, the regions east of Galilee, and the western part of the former Decapolis with the seat of government at Scythopolis. "Palaestina Tertia" included the Negev, southern Jordan—once part of Arabia—and most of Sinai with Petra as the usual residence of the governor. Palestina Tertia was also known as Palaestina Salutaris. According to historian H.H. Ben-Sasson, this reorganisation took place under Diocletian (284–305), although other scholars suggest this change occurred later in 390.
This was the period of Palestine's greatest prosperity in antiquity. Urbanization increased, large new areas were put under cultivation, monasteries proliferated and synagogues were restored. The cities of Palestine, such as Caesarea Maritima, Jerusalem, Scythopolis, Neapolis, and Gaza reached their peak population, and the population West of the Jordan may have reached as many as one million. Bede in his "Historia Ecclesiastica", drew on Orosius' information gathered from the local Jews to describe Palestine as one of the provinces of "Syria, which is called Aran by the Hebrews. The place is between the River Euphrates and the Great Sea, and extends towards Egypt; its largest provinces are Commagene, Phoenicia, and Palestine, as well as the countries of the Saraceni and the Nabathaei. It has twelve "gentes"."54
In 326, Constantine's mother Saint Helena visited Jerusalem and ordered the destruction of Hadrian's temple to Venus, which had been built on Calvary. Accompanied by Macarius of Jerusalem, the excavation reportedly discovered the True Cross, the Holy Tunic and the Holy Nails. The first Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem, the first Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem and the first Church of the Ascension on the Mount of Olives were all built during Constantine's reign.
The earliest monasteries in Christianity outside of Egypt were built in Palestine during this period, notably those of Hilarion near Gaza, Saint Epiphanius at Ad near the city of Eleutheropolis (Bayt Jibrin, the head of the largest bishopric in Palestine at this time), Tyrannius Rufinus and Melania the Elder on the Mount of Olives, Euthymius the Great at Pharan, Sabbas the Sanctified in the Kidron Valley as well as St. George's Monastery in Wadi al-Qelt, the Monastery of the Temptation and Deir Hajla near Jericho, and Deir Mar Saba and Deir Theodosius east of Bethlehem. The sack of Rome in 410 caused a significant episode of migration to Palestine as a group of aristocratic ladies responded to the holy man Jerome's invitation to settle in Aelia Capitolina and Bethlehem. In 451, the Council of Chalcedon confirmed Jerusalem's status as a Patriarchate as one of the Pentarchy, and Juvenal of Jerusalem became the first Patriarch of Jerusalem
Notable works by Christian scholars were produced in Palestine in the disciplines of rhetoric, historiography, Eusebian ecclesiastical history, classicizing history and hagiography. Saint Cyril of Jerusalem delivered his Mystagogical Catecheses, instructions on the principal topics of Christian faith and practise, and Saint Jerome moved to Jerusalem in order to commence work on the Vulgate, commissioned by Pope Damasus I and instrumental in the fixation of the Biblical canon in the West. Procopius, from Caesarea Palaestina, became the Byzantine Empire's principal historian of the 6th century, writing the "Wars of Justinian", the "Buildings of Justinian" and the celebrated "Secret History".
Under Byzantine rule, the two dioceses of Palaestina proper became a center of Christianity, while retaining significant Jewish and Samaritan communities. Some areas, like Gaza, were well known as pagan holdouts, and remained attached to the worship of Dagon and other deities as their ancestors had been for thousands of years. Ghassanid Arab migration in the 4th and 5th centuries established an Arab Christian domain with a capital on the Golan, forming a buffer of Christian Byzantium against the wild tribes of Arabia. The "Life of Barsauma of Samosata", a 6th-century Christian polemic about the Monophysite monk of the early 5th century, stated that Jews, Samaritans and pagans formed a large part of the population and persecuted Christians during this period. In 351–352, a Jewish revolt against Byzantine rule in Tiberias and other parts of the Galilee was brutally suppressed. In 361, Neoplatonist Julian the Apostate becomes Roman Emperor and attempted to reverse the growing influence of Christianity by encouraging other religions. As a result, Alypius of Antioch was commissioned to rebuild the Temple in Jerusalem and Jews were formally allowed to return to the city However, two years later the Galilee earthquake of 363 together with the re-establishment of Christianity's dominance following the death of Julian the Apostate at the Battle of Samarra ended the attempts to rebuild the Temple. In 438 CE, the Empress Eudocia allowed Jews to return to Jerusalem to live.
The Samaritan self-rule had shortly gained a level of independence under the leadership of Baba Rabba in late 4th century. However, they were again subdued by Byzantine forces. Samaritan attempts to gain independence from Byzantines peaked during the 5th and 6th centuries in a series of Samaritan Revolts, some of which had messianic aspirations. The outcome of Samaritan strife with Christian Byzantines, supported by Ghassanid Arabs, turned disastrous. After the Third Samaritan revolt in 529–531, led by Julianus ben Sabar, and the Fourth Revolt in 555. With Samaritan casualties went well beyond 100,000, cities and worship places destroyed, many enslaved and expelled, the Samaritan community dwindled.
On 1 July 536 CE, Justinian I promoted Stephanus (Stephen) the governor at Caesarea to proconsul ("anthypatos"), giving him authority over the two remaining consulars. Justinian believed that the elevation of the governor was appropriate because he was responsible for "the province in which our Lord Jesus Christ... appeared on earth". Justinian I undertook a number of building works in Jerusalem, including the once magnificent Nea Ekklesia of the Theotokos ("the Nea") and the extension of the Cardo thoroughfare.
Byzantine administration of Palestine was temporarily suspended during the Persian occupation of 614–28. In 613 CE, the Persian Sassanian Empire under Khosrau II had invaded the Levant led by General Shahrbaraz, taking Antioch and later Caesaria. Jews under Benjamin of Tiberias assisted the conquering Persians, revolting against the Byzantine Empire under Heraclius and hoping of controlling Jerusalem autonomously. In 614 CE, Persian-Jewish forces conquered Jerusalem, destroying most of the churches, taking Patriarch Zacharias prisoner, taking the True Cross and other relics to Ctesiphon, and massacring much of the Christian population. The Jews of Jerusalem gained autonomy to some degree, but frustrated with its limitations and anticipating its loss offered to assist the Byzantines in return for amnesty for the revolt. In 617 CE, the Jewish governor Nehemiah ben Hushiel was killed by a mob of Christian citizens, three years after his appointment. The Sassanids quelled the uprising and appointed a Christian governor to replace him. At that time the Persians betrayed the agreements with the Jews and expelled the Jewish population from Jerusalem, forbidding them to live within of it. In 625 CE (or 628 CE), the Byzantinian army returned to the area, promising amnesty to Jews who had joined the Persians, and was greeted by Benjamin of Tiberias. In 629 CE, the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius marched into Jerusalem at the head of his army, following the decisive defeat of the Sassanid Empire at the Battle of Nineveh (627). Heraclius personally returned the True Cross to the city.
The Nabateans roamed the Negev by the Roman Period, and by the Byzantine Period dominated the swath of sparsely populated deserts, from the Sinai to the Negev to the northwest coast of Arabia, the outlands that the Byzantines called the diocese of Palaestina Salutoris (meaning something like "near Palestine"). Its capital Petra was formally the capital of the Roman province of Arabia Petraea. The Nabateans also inhabited the outland of Jordan and southern Syria, improperly called the diocese of Arabia because its capital Bostra was within the northern extremity of the Roman province of Arabia Petrae. The origin of the Nabateans remains obscure, but they were Aramaic speakers, and the term "Nabatean" was the Arabic name for an Aramean of Syria and Iraq. By the 3rd century during the Late Roman Period, the Nabateans stopped writing in Aramaic and began writing in Greek, and by the Byzantine Period they converted to Christianity.
Trading relations existed between the cities of Palestine and the Arab tribes of the Hejaz, particularly with the southern cities of Petra and Gaza. Muhammed, his father (Abd Allah) and his great-grandfather (Hashim, who died in Gaza) all travelled on trading routes through the region in the 6th century, and in 583 Muhammed is said to have met with Nestorian monk Bahira at Bosra.
From the beginning of Islam in 610, Jerusalem became the Qibla (focal point for Muslim prayers) for fourteen years until it was replaced by Mecca in 624, 18 months after the Hijra (Muhammad's migration to Medina). According to Sahih al-Bukhari, Muhammad then ordained the Al-Aqsa Mosque as one of the three holy mosques of Islam A decade later, Byzantium lost control of the region during the Muslim conquest of Syria, during which the empire's forces were decisively defeated at the Battle of Yarmouk in 636. Jerusalem capitulated in 638 and Caesarea between 640 and 642. The subsequent Rashidun and Umayyad Caliphates saw a century of rapid expansion of Arab power well beyond the Arabian peninsula in the form of a vast Muslim Arab Empire.
Middle Ages.
Rashidun, Umayyad and Abbasid Caliphates period.
In 638, following the Siege of Jerusalem, the Caliph Omar Ibn al-Khattab and Safforonius, the Patriarch of Jerusalem, signed "Al-Uhda al-'Omariyya" (The Umariyya Covenant), an agreement that stipulated the rights and obligations of all non-Muslims in Palestine. Christians and Jews were considered People of the Book, enjoyed some protection (dhimmi) but had to pay a special poll tax called jizyah ("tribute") in return for this protection. According to Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari, the covenant guaranteed Christians freedom of religion but prohibited Jews from living in Jerusalem. However, during the early years of Muslim control of the city, a small permanent Jewish population returned to Jerusalem after a 500-year absence.
Umar, the second of the initial four Rashidun Caliphs, was the first conqueror of Jerusalem to enter the city on foot, and when visiting the site that now houses the Haram al-Sharif, he declared it a sacred place of prayer. Cities that accepted the new rulers, as recorded in registrars from the time, were: Jerusalem, Nablus, Jenin, Acre, Tiberias, Bisan, Caesarea, Lajjun, Lydd, Jaffa, Imwas, Beit Jibrin, Gaza, Rafah, Hebron, Yubna, Haifa, Safed and Ashkelon.
In Arabic, the area approximating the Byzantine Diocese of Palaestina I in the south (roughly Judea, Philistia, and southern Jordan) was called Jund Filastin (meaning "the military district of Palestine", as a tax administrative area), and the Diocese of Palaestina II in the north (roughly Samaria, Galilee, Golan, and northern Jordan) Jund al-Urdunn.
In 661, with the assassination of Ali, the last of the Rashidun Caliphs, Muawiyah I became the uncontested Caliph of the Islamic World. Muawiyah I was ordained as Caliph in Jerusalem, ending the First Fitna and marking the beginning of the Umayyad Empire.
Under Umayyad rule, the Byzantine province of Palaestina Prima became the administrative and military sub-province ("jund") of Filastin—the Arabic name for Palestine from that point forward. It formed one of five subdivisions of the larger province of "ash-Sham" (Arabic for Greater Syria). "Jund Filastin" (Arabic جند فلسطين, literally "the army of Palestine") was a region extending from the Sinai to the plain of Acre. Major towns included Rafah, Caesarea, Gaza, Jaffa, Nablus and Jericho.
Lod served as the headquarters of the province of Filastin and the capital later moved to Ramla.
"Jund al-Urdunn" (literally "the army of Jordan") was a region to the north and east of Filastin, which included the cities of Acre, Bisan and Tiberias.
In 687–691, during the Second Fitna, the Dome of the Rock was built under Caliph Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan, becoming the world's first great work of Islamic architecture. The Temple Mount (known as Haram Ash-Sharif in the Islamic world and the site where the Islamic prophet Muhammad is believed by Muslims to have begun his nocturnal journey to heaven), had remained unbuilt for c. 600 years since Titus's destruction of Herod's Temple in 70.
About a decade afterward, Caliph Al-Walid I had the Al-Aqsa Mosque built.
It was under Umayyad rule that Christians and Jews were granted the official title of "Peoples of the Book" to underline the common monotheistic roots they shared with Islam. Christian pilgrims visited and made generous donations to Christian holy places in Jerusalem and Bethlehem, and the establishment of the Pilgrims' Inn in Jerusalem during this period was seen as a fulfillment of Umar's pledge to Bishop Sophronious to allow freedom of religion and access to Jerusalem for Christian pilgrims. The Christian monasteries throughout the region continued to operate, and between 730-749 John of Damascus, previously chief adviser to Caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik, moved to the monastery Mar Saba outside Jerusalem and became the major opponent of the First Iconoclasm through his theological writings.
Trading relations between Palestine and Europe were strong, and a trade fair took place in Jerusalem every year on September 15 where merchants from Pisa, Genoa, Venice and Marseilles converged to acquire spices, soaps, silks, olive oil, sugar and glassware in exchange for European products.
In 744 riots broke out in the major cities of Palestine and Syria during the reign of Marwan II, and were quelled in 745–6. These rebellions were followed by further revolts in the East of the empire, which culminated in the defeat of the Umayyad army in 750 at the Battle of the Zab. The Abbasids took control of the entire empire including Palestine, forcing Marwan II to flee via Gaza to Egypt where he was assassinated.
The Baghdad-based Abbasid Caliphs renovated and visited the holy shrines and sanctuaries in Jerusalem, with Al-Mansur arranging in 758 the renovation of the Dome of the Rock that had collapsed in an earthquake and Al-Ma'mun arranging further renovations following a visit to Jerusalem in 813. The Abbasids continued to build up Ramle, which had become the capital of Jund Filastin. Coastal areas were fortified and developed and port cities like Acre, Haifa, Caesarea, Arsuf, Jaffa and Ashkelon received monies from the state treasury. However, the Abbasid caliphs visited the region less frequently than the Umayyads since their capital in Baghdad was a further east.
The Abbasid period marked the beginning of the Islamic Golden Age, in which a number of scholars from Palestine, such as the Gazan-born jurist and founder of the Shafi'i school of fiqh Muhammad ibn Idris ash-Shafi`i and the Jerusalemite geographer Al-Muqaddasi, played an integral part.
The influence of the Arabian tribes declined during the Abbasid period and the only context where they are reported is in uprising against the central authority. However, a dispute between the Mudhar and Yamani tribes broke out in Jund al-Urdunn towards the end of the 8th century leading to Civil War in Palestine (793–796). Harun al-Rashid viewed this as a rebellion and sent a large army under Ja'far ibn Yahya al-Barmaki to quell the revolt. According to historian Moshe Gil, "he put down the rebels with an iron hand and much blood was spilled." The cities of Gaza, Bayt Jibrin, Ascalon in Jund Filastin and the town Sariphaea in Jund al-Urdunn were completely destroyed in the conflict by Bedouin tribes. Several towns and villages in western Palestine were also sacked. The monasteries of St. Chariton, St. Cyriacus, St. Sabas, St. Theodosius, and St. Euthymius were also attacked. The combined casualties of the tribal federations totalled roughly 1,200.
During Harun al-Rashid's (786–809) reign the first formal contacts with the Frankish Kingdom of Charlemagne occurred, as part of the attempted Abbasid–Carolingian alliance In 797, Harun al-Rashid is reported to have offered the custody of the Christian holy places in Jerusalem to Charlemagne, in return for Charlemagne sending money for construction and improvements. As a result, the Church of the Holy Sepulchre was restored and the Latin hospital was enlarged and placed under the control of the Benedictines. Two years later Charlemagne sent another mission to Patriarch George of Jerusalem.
Towards the end of the 9th century, the Baghdad-based Abbasids began to lose control of their western provinces. From 878 Palestine was ruled from Egypt by semi-autonomous rulers for almost a century, beginning with Ahmad ibn Tulun, ruler of Egypt and founder of the Tulunid dynasty, who conquered Palestine and most of Syria four years after declaring Egypt's independence from the Abbasid court in Baghdad. The Abbasids regained direct control of Palestine in 904, after their invasion forced the army of Tulunid Emir Harun to retreat to Egypt where the Tulunids were defeated the following year.
Direct control from Baghdad was maintained until 939 when Muhammad bin Tughj Al-Ikhshid, governor of Abbasid Egypt and Palestine, was granted independent control over his domain and the title Al-Ikhshid (Prince) by Abbasid Caliph Ar-Radi. Like the Tulunids, the relative proximity of the Ikhshidid capital to Palestine resulted in a greater focus on the region, such that both Ikhshidid rulers, Muhammad bin Tughj Al-Ikhshid and Abu al-Misk Kafur, were buried in Jerusalem.
The death of Abu al-Misk Kafur in 968 resulted in a fatal division of the Ikhshidid government as they prepared for the expected invasion by the Fatimids.
Fatimid Caliphate period.
From their base in Tunisia, General Gawhar Al-Siqilli of the Ismaili Shi'ite Fatimids, who claimed to be descendants of Muhammad through his daughter Fatimah, conquered the Ikhshidid domains of Palestine and Egypt in 969, following a treaty guaranteeing the local Sunnis freedom of religion. They moved their capital to the new city of Cairo, just north of the Ikhshidid capital of Fustat.
The Fatimids continued their expansion to the borders of the Byzantine Empire, and a failed attack on Antioch in 971 was followed up by a Byzantine defeat outside of Amida. However, the Byzantines fought back and in 975 Emperor John I Tzimiskes's second campaign took Syria and much of northern Palestine, including Tiberias, Nazareth and Caesarea Palaestina, but was defeated en route to Jerusalem. The emperor became ill and died suddenly in 976 on his return from the campaign, and the Byzantines withdrew shortly thereafter to face the Bulgar threat in the north of their empire.
Jerusalem, Nablus, and Askalan were expanded and renovated under Fatimid rule. However, in 1009, Fatimid Caliph Al-Hakim ordered the destruction of all churches and synagogues in the empire, including the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. However, this was reversed twenty years later by the Al-Hakim' successor as Caliph, Ali az-Zahir, who authorized the rebuilding of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and other Christian churches in a treaty with Byzantine Emperor Romanos III Argyros. Romanos' successor Constantine IX Monomachos paid for the restoration, and a number of other Christian buildings, including the Muristan hospital, church and monastery were built during this period. Az-Zahir also undertook a major renovation of the Dome of the Rock during his reign. After the 10th century, the division of Palestine into "Junds" began to break down.
During the early 11th century, Seljuk Turks invaded large portions of West Asia and both the Fatimids and the Byzantines suffered setbacks from the fighting. Warfare between the Fatimids and Seljuks caused great disruption for the local population and for western pilgrims. In 1073 Palestine was captured by Malik-Shah I's Isfahan-based Great Seljuq Empire under Emir Atsiz ibn Uvaq, who was advancing south into the weakening Fatimid Empire following the decisive defeat over the Byzantine army at the Battle of Manzikert two years previously and a devastating six-year famine in Egypt between 1067 and 1072. The Seljuk rule was unpopular, and in 1077 Jerusalem revolted against their rule while Emir Atsiz ibd Uvaq was fighting the Fatimid Empire in Egypt. On his return to Jerusalem, Atsiz re-took the city and massacred the local population. As a result, Atsiz was executed by the governor of Syria Tutush I, the brother of Seljuk leader Malik-Shah I. Tutush I appointed Artuq bin Ekseb, later founder of the Artuqid dynasty, as governor. Artuq bin Ekseb died in 1091, and was succeeded as governor by his sons Ilghazi and Sokmen, known as the Artuqid dynasty. Malik Shah died in 1092, and the Great Seljuk Empire split into smaller warring states. Control of Palestine was disputed between Duqaq and Radwan after the death of their father Tutush I in 1095. The ongoing rivalry weakens Syria, and Fatimid Regent Al-Afdal Shahanshah recaptured the region in 1098 from the Artuqids, just before the arrival of the crusaders.
In 1054, the Great Schism formally divided the Christian church into east and west, resulting in the holy sites of Palestine falling under the jurisdiction of the Eastern Orthodox Church. However, in 1090, Byzantine Emperor Alexios I Komnenos began taking reconciliatory measures towards the Papacy, with the intention of seeking western support against the Seljuqs. In 1095 his ambassadors appeared before Pope Urban II at the Council of Piacenza, to request mercenary forces, and later that year at the Council of Clermont Pope Urban II called for the First Crusade.
Kingdom of Jerusalem (Crusaders) period.
The Kingdom of Jerusalem was a Christian kingdom established in the Levant in 1099 as a result of the First Crusade. Its control of Jerusalem and most of Palestine lasted almost a century until defeat by Saladin's forces in 1187, after which most of Palestine was controlled by the Ayyubids.
Shortly after Crusader rule was established in Palestine, Godfrey of Bouillon promised to turn over the rule of the region to the Papacy once the crusaders had captured Egypt. However, the invasion of Egypt did not occur as Godfrey died shortly thereafter and Baldwin was proclaimed the first King of Jerusalem after politically outmanoeuvering Dagobert of Pisa who had previously been appointed as the Latin Patriarch.
At first the Crusader kingdom was little more than a loose collection of towns and cities captured during the first crusade. At its height, the kingdom roughly encompassed the territory of modern-day Israel and the State of Palestine. It extended from modern Lebanon in the north to the Sinai Desert in the south, and into modern Jordan and Syria in the east. There were also attempts to expand the kingdom into Fatimid Egypt. Its kings held a certain amount of authority over the other crusader states to the north: the County of Tripoli, the Principality of Antioch, and the County of Edessa.
Many customs and institutions were imported from the territories of Western Europe from which the crusaders came, and there were close familial and political connections with the West throughout the kingdom's existence. It was, however, a relatively minor kingdom in comparison and often lacked financial and military support from Europe. Locally based military orders were founded in the kingdom to fill this vacuum. The foundation of the Knights Hospitaller by Gerard Thom at the Muristan Christian hospice in Jerusalem was confirmed by a Papal Bull from Pope Paschal II in 1113, and the founding by Hugues de Payens and Godfrey de Saint-Omer of the Knights Templar took place in 1119 in the Al Aqsa Mosque.
The kingdom grew closer to the neighbouring Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia and the Byzantine Empire, from which it inherited "oriental" qualities, and the kingdom was also influenced by pre-existing Muslim institutions. However, when Arnulf of Chocques was appointed Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem for the second time in 1112, he prohibited non-Catholic worship at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Socially, the "Latin" inhabitants from Western Europe had almost no contact with the Muslims and Eastern Christians whom they ruled.
The Royal Palace of the Kingdom was based in the Al-Aqsa Mosque, and the Dome of the Rock was converted into a church. Under the Crusader rule, fortifications, castles, towers and fortified villages were built, rebuilt and renovated across Palestine largely in rural areas. A notable urban remnant of the Crusader architecture of this era is found in Acre's old city and on the island of Arwad.
Numerous Muslim families emigrated Palestine during this period, including those of notable Islamic scholars Ibn Qudamah and Diya al-Din al-Maqdisi.
During the period of Crusader control, it has been estimated that Palestine had only 1,000 poor Jewish families. Jews fought alongside the Muslims against the Crusaders in Jerusalem in 1099 and Haifa in 1100. Some Jews from Europe visited the country, like Benjamin of Tudela who wrote about it. Maimonides visited Palestine after escaping from the Almohads in 1165 and visited Acre, Jerusalem and Hebron, finally choosing to settle in Fostat in Egypt.
In July 1187, the Cairo-based Kurdish General Saladin commanded his troops to victory in the Battle of Hattin, shortly followed by the Siege of Jerusalem (1187) in which Saladin captured Jerusalem.
Ayyubid, Mamluk Bahri and Mamluk Burji period.
Following the crusader defeat by Saladin's forces in 1187, most of Palestine was controlled by the Ayyubids. However a rump crusader state in the northern coastal cities known as the Kingdom of Acre survived in the region for another hundred years until 1291, throughout the Ayyubid Period and well into the Mamluk Period. However, despite seven further crusades from Europe, the Crusader state was no longer a significant power in the region after the fall of Jerusalem in 1187.
The Ayyubids allowed Jewish and Orthodox Christian settlement in the region, and the Dome of the Rock was converted back into an Islamic center of worship. The Mosque of Omar was built under Saladin outside the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, commemorating Umar the Great's decision to pray outside the church so as not to set a precedent and thereby endanger the Church's status as a Christian site. About eighty years after Saladin's conquest, the Catalan Rabbi Nahmanides left Europe following the disputation of Barcelona, and spent the last three years of his life in Palestine, primarily in Acre. He established the Ramban Synagogue in the Old City of Jerusalem and thus, having found only two Jewish people living in the city at the time, re-established Jewish communal life in Jerusalem.
The defeat of the Europeans provoked further crusades from Europe, varying in size and success. In 1192, after preventing the Third Crusade under Richard the Lionheart from recapturing Jerusalem, Saladin entered into the Treaty of Ramla in which he agreed that Western Christian pilgrims could worship freely in Jerusalem. The threat remained, however, and Ayyubid Emir Al-Mu'azzam destroyed Jerusalem's city walls in 1219 to prevent the Crusaders from capturing a fortified city. To end the Sixth Crusade, a 10-year treaty was signed between Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor and Ayyubid Sultan Al-Kamil, allowing Christians freedom to live in the unfortified Jerusalem, as well as Nazareth and Bethlehem, although the Ayyubids retained control of the Muslim holy places.
These areas were returned to Ayyubid control after the peace treaty expired in 1239 and An-Nasir Dawud, Ayyubid Emir of Kerak, occupied the cities. For the four following years, control of the cities was contested between An-Nasir Dawud and his cousin As-Salih Ayyub who had allied with the Crusaders, aided by the diplomatic efforts of Thibaut IV of Champagne. In order to permanently retake the city from the rival breakaway rulers who had allied with the Crusaders, As-Salih Ayyub summoned a huge mercenary army of Khwarezmians, who were available for hire following the defeat of the Khwarazm Shah dynasty by the Mongols ten years earlier. The Khwarezmians could not be controlled by As-Salih Ayyub, and destroyed Jerusalem. A few months later, the two sides met again at the decisive Battle of La Forbie, marking the end of the Crusader influence in southern and central Palestine. Two years later the Ayyubids regained control of Jerusalem after the Khwarezmians were defeated by Al-Mansur Ibrahim at Lake Homs.
The Mamluk Sultanate was indirectly created in Egypt as a result of the Seventh Crusade, which had been launched in reaction to the 1244 destruction of Jerusalem. The crusade failed after Louis IX of France was defeated and captured by Ayyubid Sultan Turanshah at the Battle of Fariskur in 1250. Turanshah was killed by his Mamluk soldiers a month after the battle and his step-mother Shajar al-Durr became Sultana of Egypt with the Mamluk Aybak as Atabeg. The Ayyubids relocated to Damascus, where they continued to control Palestine for a further 10 years.
In the late 13th century, Palestine and Syria became the primary front against the fast-expanding Mongol Empire. The Army of the Mongol Empire reached Palestine for the first time in 1260, beginning with the Mongol raids into Palestine under Nestorian Christian general Kitbuqa. Mongol leader Hulagu Khan sent a message to Louis IX of France that Jerusalem had been remitted to the Christians under the Franco-Mongol Alliance, however shortly thereafter he had to return to Mongolia following the death of Mongke, leaving Kitbuqa and a reduced army. Kitbuqa then engaged with the Mamluks under Baibars in the pivotal Battle of Ain Jalut in the Jezreel Valley. The Mamluks' decisive victory in Palestine is seen as one of world history's most significant battles, establishing a high-water mark for the Mongol conquests. The Mongols were, however, able to engage into some further brief Mongol raids into Palestine in 1300 under Ghazan and Mulay, reaching as far as Gaza. Jerusalem was held by the Mongols for four months (see Ninth Crusade).
In 1270, Sultan Baibars expelled the remaining Crusaders from most of the country, and the last major Crusader stronghold, Acre fell in 1291, at the Siege of Acre. Thereafter, any remaining Europeans either went home or merged with the local population.
The Mamluks, continuing the policy of the Ayyubids, made the strategic decision to destroy the coastal area and to bring desolation to many of its cities, from Tyre in the north to Gaza in the south. Ports were destroyed and various materials were dumped to make them inoperable. The goal was to prevent attacks from the sea, given the fear of the return of the crusaders. This had a long term affect on those areas, that remained sparsely populated for centuries. The activity in that time concentrated more inland.
Palestine formed a part of the Damascus Wilayah (district) under the rule of the Mamluk Sultanate of Egypt and was divided into three smaller Sanjaks (subdivisions) with capitals in Jerusalem, Gaza, and Safed. Due in part to the many conflicts, earthquakes and the Black Death that hit the region during this era, the population is estimated to have dwindled to around 200,000. The Mamluks constructed a "postal road" from Cairo to Damascus, that included lodgings for travelers (khans) and bridges, some of which survive to this day (, near Lod). The period also saw the construction of many schools and the renovation of mosques neglected or destroyed during the Crusader period.
In 1377 the major cities of Palestine and Syria revolted, following the death of Al-Ashraf Sha'ban. The revolt was quelled and a coup d'etat was staged by Barquq in Cairo in 1382, founding the Mamluk Burji dynasty.
Palestine was celebrated by Arab and Muslim writers of the time as the "blessed land of the prophets and Islam's revered leaders", Muslim sanctuaries were "rediscovered" and received many pilgrims. In 1496, Mujir al-Din al-'Ulaymi wrote his history of Palestine known as "The Glorious History of Jerusalem and Hebron".
In 1486, hostilities broke out between the Mamluks and the Ottoman Turks in a battle for control over western Asia. The Mamluk armies were eventually defeated by the forces of the Ottoman Sultan, Selim I, and lost control of Palestine after the 1516 battle of Marj Dabiq.
Early modern period.
Early Ottoman period.
In 1516, when the Ottoman Turks occupied Palestine, the land became part of the Ottoman Empire, and Istanbul appointed local governors. After the Ottoman conquest, the name "Palestine" was no longer used as the official name of an administrative unit, as the Turks often called their (sub)provinces after the capital. The majority of historical Palestine became part of the Eyalet of Damascus until 1660, and later became part of the Eyalet of Sidon. Nonetheless, the old name remained in popular and semi-official use, with many examples of its usage in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries surviving. For example, Thomas Salmon's 18th-century book, " Modern history or, the present state of all nations", states that "Jerusalem is still reckoned the capital city of Palestine."
In 1624, following the Battle of Anjar, Druze prince Fakhr-al-Din II was appointed the "Emir of Arabistan" by the Ottomans to govern the region from Aleppo to Jerusalem. He toured his new provinces in the same year. He was deposed and hanged a decade later by the wali of Damascus
The region saw an influx of tribal immigrants from the south (Arabian Peninsula) and east (the Mesopotamian valleys) during the 17th and 18th centuries. An area around Tiberias was given to Don Joseph Nasi for a Jewish enclave. Following the expulsions from Spain, the Jewish population of Palestine rose to around 25% (includes non-Ottoman citizens, excludes Bedouin) and regained its former stronghold of Eastern Galilee. That ended in 1660 when they were massacred at Safed and Jerusalem. During the reign of Daher el-Omar, Pasha of the Galilee, Jews from Ukraine began to resettle Tiberias.
Napoleon of France briefly waged war against the Ottoman Empire (allied then with Great Britain), and held territory in Palestine during the 7 March 1799—July 1799 French occupation of Jaffa, Haifa, and Caesarea. At the Siege of Acre in 1799, Napoleon requested that the Jews of Asia and Africa help the French to capture Jerusalem. This was mostly to curry favour with Haim Farkhi the Jewish finance minister and adviser to the Pasha of Syria/Palestine. He was later assassinated and his brothers formed an army with Ottoman permission to conquer the Galilee.
Modern era.
Decline of the Ottoman Empire period.
On 10 May 1832, the area of Ottoman Syria, which include modern Syria, Palestine, Jordan, Lebanon, and Israel were conquered and annexed by Muhammad Ali's expansionist Egypt (nominally still Ottoman) in the 1831 Egyptian-Ottoman War. Britain sent the navy to shell Beirut and an Anglo-Ottoman expeditionary force landed, causing local uprisings against the Egyptian occupiers. A British naval squadron anchored off Alexandria. The Egyptian army retreated to Egypt. Muhammad Ali signed the Treaty of 1841. Britain returned control of the Levant to the Ottomans, and as a result was able to increase the extraterritorial rights that various European nations had enjoyed throughout previous centuries under the terms of the Capitulations of the Ottoman Empire. One American diplomat wrote that "Extraordinary privileges and immunities had become so embodied in successive treaties between the great Christian Powers and the Sublime Porte that for most intents and purposes many nationalities in the Ottoman empire formed a state within the state."
In 1834, there was a peasants revolt against conscription into the Egyptian army. Local pre-Zionist Jews of the Old Yishuv, complacent with the Egyptian rule, were targeted by the general Arab Muslim and Druze discontent during the Safed Plunder.
In common usage from 1840 onwards, "Palestine" was used either to describe the Consular jurisdictions of the Western Powers The Consuls were originally magistrates who tried cases involving their own citizens in foreign territories. While the jurisdictions in the secular states of Europe had become territorial, the Ottomans perpetuated the legal system they inherited from the Byzantine Empire. The law in many matters was personal, not territorial, and the individual citizen carried his nation's law with him wherever he went. Capitulatory law applied to foreigners in Palestine. Only Consular Courts of the State of the foreigners concerned were competent to try them. That was true, not only in cases involving personal status, but also in criminal and commercial matters. According to American Ambassador Morgenthau, Turkey had never been an independent sovereignty.
The Muslim, Christian, and Jewish communities of Palestine were allowed to exercise jurisdiction over their own members according to charters granted to them. For centuries the Jews and Christians had enjoyed a large degree of communal autonomy in matters of worship, jurisdiction over personal status, taxes, and in managing their schools and charitable institutions. In the 19th century those rights were formally recognized as part of the Tanzimat reforms and when the communities were placed under the protection of European public law.
In the 1860s, the Ottoman military was able to restore order east of Jordan by halting tribal conflicts and Bedouin raids. This invited migration to the east, notably the Salt area, from various populations in Lebanon, Syria and Palestine to take advantage of new lands. This influx amounted to some 12,000 over the period from 1880 to just before the First World War, while the Bedouin population east of Jordan increased to 56,000. However, with the creation of the Transjordanian emirate in 1921–22, the hamlet of Amman, which had been recently resettled by Circassians, attracted most of the new immigrants from Palestine, and many of those that had previously moved to Salt.
In the reorganisation of 1873, which established the administrative boundaries that remained in place until 1914, Palestine was split between three major administrative units. The northern part, above a line connecting Jaffa to north Jericho and the Jordan, was assigned to the vilayet of Beirut, subdivided into the "sanjaks" (districts) of Acre, Beirut and Nablus. The southern part, from Jaffa downwards, was part of the Mutasarrifate of Jerusalem, a special district under the direct authority of Istanbul. Its southern boundaries were unclear but petered out in the eastern Sinai Peninsula and northern Negev Desert. Most of the central and southern Negev was assigned to the vilayet of Hejaz, which also included the Sinai Peninsula and the western part of Arabia.
The Ottomans regarded "Filistin" as an abstract term referring to the "Holy Land", and not one consistently applied to a clearly defined area. Among the educated Arab public, "Filastin" was a common concept, referring either to the whole of Palestine or to the Jerusalem "sanjak" alone or just to the area around Ramle. The publication of the daily paper "Falastin" (Palestine) from 1911 was one example of the increasing currency of this concept.
The rise of Zionism, the national movement of the Jewish people started in Europe in the 19th century seeking to recreate a Jewish state in Palestine, and return the original homeland of the Jewish people. The end of the 19th century saw the beginning of Zionist immigration.
The "First Aliyah" was the first modern widespread wave of Zionist aliyah. Jews who migrated to Palestine in this wave came mostly from Eastern Europe and from Yemen. This wave of aliyah began in 1881–82 and lasted until 1903. An estimated 25,000–35,000 First Aliyah laid the cornerstone for Jewish settlement in Israel and created several settlements such as Rishon LeZion, Rosh Pina, Zikhron Ya'akov and Gedera.
In 1891, a group of Jerusalem notables sent a petition to the central Ottoman government in Constantinople calling for the cessation of Jewish immigration, and land sales to Jews.
The "Second Aliyah" took place between 1904 and 1914, during which approximately 40,000 Jews immigrated, mostly from Russia and Poland, and some from Yemen. The Second Aliyah immigrants were primarily idealists, inspired by the revolutionary ideals then sweeping the Russian Empire who sought to create a communal agricultural settlement system in Palestine. They thus founded the kibbutz movement. The first kibbutz, Degania, was founded in 1909. Tel Aviv was founded at that time, though its founders were not necessarily from the new immigrants.
The Second Aliyah is largely credited with the revival of the Hebrew language and establishing it as the standard language for Jews in Israel. Eliezer Ben-Yehuda contributed to the creation of the first modern Hebrew dictionary. Although he was an immigrant of the First Aliyah, his work mostly bore fruit during the second.
Ottoman rule over the eastern Mediterranean lasted until World War I when the Ottomans sided with the German Empire and the Central Powers. During World War I, the Ottomans were driven from much of the region by the British Empire during the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire.
British Mandate period.
In World War I, the Ottoman Empire sided with Germany. As a result, it was embroiled in a conflict with Great Britain. Under the secret Sykes–Picot Agreement of 1916, it was envisioned that most of Palestine, when freed from Ottoman control, would become an international zone not under direct French or British colonial control. Shortly thereafter, British foreign minister Arthur Balfour issued the Balfour Declaration of 1917, which promised to establish a "Jewish national home" in Palestine but appeared to contradict the 1915–16 Hussein-McMahon Correspondence, which contained an undertaking to form an Arab state in exchange for the Great Arab Revolt. McMahon's promises could have been seen by Arab nationalists as a pledge of immediate Arab independence, an undertaking violated by the region's subsequent partition into British and French League of Nations mandates under the secret Sykes-Picot Agreement of May 1916, which became the real cornerstone of the geopolitics structuring the entire region. The Balfour Declaration, likewise, was seen by Jewish nationalists as the cornerstone of a future Jewish homeland.
The British-led Egyptian Expeditionary Force, commanded by Edmund Allenby, captured Jerusalem on 9 December 1917 and occupied the whole of the Levant following the defeat of Turkish forces in Palestine at the Battle of Megiddo in September 1918 and the capitulation of Turkey on 31 October. Allenby famously dismounted from his horse when he entered Jerusalem as a mark of respect for the "Holy City" and was greeted by the Christian, Jewish, and Islamic leaders of the city.
Following the First World War and the occupation of the region by the British, the principal Allied and associated powers drafted the mandate, which was formally approved by the League of Nations in 1922. Great Britain administered Palestine on behalf of the League of Nations between 1920 and 1948, a period referred to as the "British Mandate". The preamble of the mandate declared:
"Whereas the Principal Allied Powers have also agreed that the Mandatory should be responsible for putting into effect the declaration originally made on November 2nd, 1917, by the Government of His Britannic Majesty, and adopted by the said Powers, in favor of the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, it being clearly understood that nothing should be done which might prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine, or the rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country." 
Not all were satisfied with the mandate. The purported objective of the League of Nations mandate system was to administer parts of the defunct Ottoman Empire, which had been in control of the Middle East since the 16th century, "until such time as they are able to stand alone". Some of the Arabs felt that Britain was violating the McMahon-Hussein Correspondence and the understanding of the Arab Revolt. Some wanted a unification with Syria: in February 1919, several Muslim and Christian groups from Jaffa and Jerusalem met and adopted a platform endorsing unity with Syria and opposition to Zionism (this is sometimes called the First Palestinian National Congress). A letter was sent to Damascus authorizing Faisal to represent the Arabs of Palestine at the Paris Peace Conference. In May 1919 a Syrian National Congress was held in Damascus, and a Palestinian delegation attended its sessions.
The 1922 census of Palestine recorded the population of Palestine as 757,000, of which 78% were Muslims, 11% were Jews, 10% were Christians and 1% were Druze. In the early years of the Mandate, Jewish immigration to Palestine was quite substantial. In April 1920, violent Arab disturbances against the Jews in Jerusalem occurred, which came to be known as the 1920 Palestine riots. The riots followed rising tensions in Arab-Jewish relations over the implications of Zionist immigration. The British military administration's erratic response failed to contain the rioting, which continued for four days. As a result of the events, trust among the British, Jews, and Arabs eroded. One consequence was that the Jewish community increased moves towards an autonomous infrastructure and security apparatus parallel to that of the British administration.
In April 1920, the Allied Supreme Council (the United States, Great Britain, France, Italy and Japan) met at Sanremo and formal decisions were taken on the allocation of mandate territories. The United Kingdom obtained a mandate for Palestine and France obtained a mandate for Syria. The boundaries of the mandates and the conditions under which they were to be held were not decided. The Zionist Organization's representative at Sanremo, Chaim Weizmann, subsequently reported to his colleagues in London:There are still important details outstanding, such as the actual terms of the mandate and the question of the boundaries in Palestine. There is the delimitation of the boundary between French Syria and Palestine, which will constitute the northern frontier and the eastern line of demarcation, adjoining Arab Syria. The latter is not likely to be fixed until the Emir Feisal attends the Peace Conference, probably in Paris.
In July 1920, the French drove Faisal bin Husayn from Damascus, ending his already negligible control over the region of Transjordan, where local chiefs traditionally resisted any central authority. The sheikhs, who had earlier pledged their loyalty to the Sharif of Mecca, asked the British to undertake the region's administration. Herbert Samuel asked for the extension of the Palestine government's authority to Transjordan, but at meetings in Cairo and Jerusalem between Winston Churchill and Emir Abdullah in March 1921 it was agreed that Abdullah would administer the territory (initially for six months only) on behalf of the Palestine administration. In the summer of 1921 Transjordan was included within the Mandate, but excluded from the provisions for a Jewish National Home. On 24 July 1922, the League of Nations approved the terms of the British Mandate over Palestine and Transjordan. On 16 September the League formally approved a memorandum from Lord Balfour confirming the exemption of Transjordan from the clauses of the mandate concerning the creation of a Jewish national home and Jewish settlement. With Transjordan coming under the administration of the British Mandate, the mandate's collective territory became constituted of 23% Palestine and 77% Transjordan. The mandate for Palestine, while specifying actions in support of Jewish immigration and political status, stated, in Article 25, that in the territory to the east of the Jordan River, Britain could 'postpone or withhold' those articles of the Mandate concerning a Jewish National Home. Transjordan was a very sparsely populated region (especially in comparison with Palestine proper) due to its relatively limited resources and largely desert environment.
In 1923, an agreement between the United Kingdom and France confirmed the border between the British Mandate of Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria. The British handed over the southern Golan Heights to the French in return for the northern Jordan Valley. The border was re-drawn so that both sides of the Jordan River and the whole of the Sea of Galilee, including a 10-metre-wide strip along the northeastern shore, were made a part of Palestine, with the provisions that Syria have fishing and navigation rights in the lake.
The Palestine Exploration Fund published surveys and maps of Western Palestine (aka Cisjordan) starting in the mid-19th century. Even before the Mandate came into legal effect in 1923 (), British terminology sometimes used '"Palestine" for the part west of the Jordan River and "Trans-Jordan" (or "Transjordania") for the part east of the Jordan River.
The first reference to the Palestinians, without qualifying them as Arabs, is to be found in a document of the Permanent Executive Committee, composed of Muslims and Christians, presenting a series of formal complaints to the British authorities on 26 July 1928.
Infrastructure and development.
Between 1922 and 1947, the annual growth rate of the Jewish sector of the economy was 13.2%, mainly due to immigration and foreign capital, while that of the Arab was 6.5%. Per capita, these figures were 4.8% and 3.6% respectively. By 1936, the Jewish sector had eclipsed the Arab one, and Jewish individuals earned 2.6 times as much as Arabs. In terms of human capital, there was a huge difference. For instance, the literacy rates in 1932 were 86% for the Jews against 22% for the Arabs, but Arab literacy was steadily increasing.
The office of "Mufti of Jerusalem", traditionally limited in authority and geographical scope, was refashioned by the British into that of "Grand Mufti of Palestine". Furthermore, a Supreme Muslim Council (SMC) was established and given various duties, such as the administration of religious endowments and the appointment of religious judges and local muftis. During the revolt (see below) the Arab Higher Committee was established as the central political organ of the Arab community of Palestine.
During the Mandate period, many factories were established and roads and railroads were built throughout the country. The Jordan River was harnessed for production of electric power and the Dead Sea was tapped for minerals—potash and bromine.
1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine.
Sparked off by the death of Shaykh Izz ad-Din al-Qassam at the hands of the British police near Jenin in November 1935, in the years 1936–1939 the Arabs participated in the Great Uprising to protest against British rule and against mass Jewish immigration. The revolt manifested in a strike and armed insurrection started sporadically, becoming more organized with time. Attacks were mainly directed at British strategic installations such as the Trans Arabian Pipeline (TAP) and railways, and to a lesser extent against Jewish settlements, secluded Jewish neighborhoods in the mixed cities, and Jews, both individually and in groups.
Violence abated for about a year while the Peel Commission deliberated and eventually recommended partition of Palestine. With the Arab rejection of this proposal, the revolt resumed during the autumn of 1937. Violence continued throughout 1938 and eventually petered out in 1939.
The British responded to the violence by greatly expanding their military forces and clamping down on Arab dissent. "Administrative detention" (imprisonment without charges or trial), curfews, and house demolitions were among British practices during this period. More than 120 Arabs were sentenced to death and about 40 hanged. The main Arab leaders were arrested or expelled.
The "Haganah" (Hebrew for "defense"), an illegal Jewish paramilitary organization, actively supported British efforts to quell the insurgency, which reached 10,000 Arab fighters at their peak during the summer and fall of 1938. Although the British administration did not officially recognize the "Haganah", the British security forces cooperated with it by forming the Jewish Settlement Police and Special Night Squads. A terrorist splinter group of the Haganah, called the "Irgun" (or "Etzel") adopted a policy of violent retaliation against Arabs for attacks on Jews. At a meeting in Alexandria in July 1937 between Jabotinsky and Irgun commander Col. Robert Bitker and chief-of-staff Moshe Rosenberg, the need for indiscriminate retaliation due to the difficulty of limiting operations to only the "guilty" was explained. The Irgun launched attacks against public gathering places such as markets and cafes. 
The revolt did not achieve its goals, although it is "credited with signifying the birth of the Arab Palestinian identity". It is generally credited with forcing the issuance of the White Paper of 1939, which renounced Britain's intent of creating a Jewish National Home in Palestine, as proclaimed in the 1917 Balfour Declaration.
Another outcome of the hostilities was the partial disengagement of the Jewish and Arab economies in Palestine, which were more or less intertwined until that time. For example, whereas the Jewish city of Tel Aviv previously relied on the nearby Arab seaport of Jaffa, hostilities dictated the construction of a separate Jewish-run seaport for Tel Aviv.
World War II and Palestine.
When the Second World War broke out, the Jewish population sided with Britain. David Ben-Gurion, head of the Jewish Agency, defined the policy with what became a famous motto: "We will fight the war as if there were no White Paper, and we will fight the White Paper as if there were no war." While this represented the Jewish population as a whole, there were exceptions (see below).
As in most of the Arab world, there was no unanimity among the Palestinian Arabs as to their position regarding the combatants in World War II. A number of leaders and public figures saw an Axis victory as the likely outcome and a way of securing Palestine back from the Zionists and the British. Mohammad Amin al-Husayni, Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, spent the rest of the war in Nazi Germany and the occupied areas. About 6,000 Palestinian Arabs and 30,000 Palestinian Jews joined the British forces.
On 10 June 1940, Italy declared war on the British Commonwealth and sided with Germany. Within a month, the Italians attacked Palestine from the air, bombing Tel Aviv and Haifa.
In 1942, there was a period of anxiety for the Yishuv, when the forces of German General Erwin Rommel advanced east in North Africa towards the Suez Canal and there was fear that they would conquer Palestine. This period was referred to as the two hundred days of anxiety. This event was the direct cause for the founding, with British support, of the Palmach—a highly trained regular unit belonging to Haganah (which was mostly made up of reserve troops).
On 3 July 1944, the British government consented to the establishment of a Jewish Brigade with hand-picked Jewish and also non-Jewish senior officers. The brigade fought in Europe, most notably against the Germans in Italy from March 1945 until the end of the war in May 1945. Members of the Brigade played a key role in the Berihah's efforts to help Jews escape Europe for Palestine. Later, veterans of the Jewish Brigade became key participants of the new State of Israel's Israel Defense Forces.
Starting in 1939 and throughout the war and the Holocaust, the British reduced the number of Jewish immigrants allowed into Palestine, following the publication of the MacDonald White Paper. Once the 15,000 annual quota was exceeded, Jews fleeing Nazi persecution were placed in detention camps or deported to places such as Mauritius.
In 1944 Menachem Begin assumed the Irgun's leadership, determined to force the British government to remove its troops entirely from Palestine. Citing that the British had reneged on their original promise of the Balfour Declaration, and that the White Paper of 1939 restricting Jewish immigration was an escalation of their pro-Arab policy, he decided to break with the Haganah. Soon after he assumed command, a formal 'Declaration of Revolt' was publicized, and armed attacks against British forces were initiated. Lehi, another splinter group, opposed cessation of operations against the British authorities all along. The Jewish Agency, which opposed those actions and the challenge to its role as government in preparation responded with "The Hunting Season"—severe actions against supporters of the Irgun and Lehi, including turning them over to the British.
The country developed economically during the war, with increased industrial and agricultural outputs and the period was considered an `economic Boom'. In terms of Arab-Jewish relations, these were relatively quiet times.
End of the British Mandate 1945–1948.
In the years following World War II, Britain's control over Palestine became increasingly tenuous. This was caused by a combination of factors, including:
In early 1947 the British Government announced their desire to terminate the Mandate, and asked the United Nations General Assembly to make recommendations regarding the future of the country. The British Administration declined to accept the responsibility for implementing any solution that wasn't acceptable to both the Jewish and the Arab communities, or to allow other authorities to take over responsibility for public security prior to the termination of its mandate on 15 May 1948.
UN partition and the 1948 Palestine War.
On 29 November 1947, the United Nations General Assembly, voting 33 to 13 in favour with 10 abstentions, adopted a resolution, Resolution 181 (II), recommending "to the United Kingdom, as the mandatory Power for Palestine, and to all other Members of the United Nations the adoption and implementation, with regard to the future government of Palestine, of the Plan of Partition with Economic Union". The plan was to partition Palestine into "Independent Arab and Jewish States and the Special International Regime for the City of Jerusalem". Jerusalem was to encompass Bethlehem. Zionist leaders (including the Jewish Agency), accepted the plan, while Palestinian Arab leaders rejected it and all independent Muslim and Arab states voted against it. Almost immediately, sectarian violence erupted and spread, killing hundreds of Arabs, Jews and British over the ensuing months.
The rapid evolution of events precipitated into a Civil War. For four months, under continuous Arab provocation and attack, the Yishuv was usually on the defensive while occasionally retaliating. Arab volunteers of the Arab Liberation Army entered Palestine to fight with the Palestinians, but the April–May offensive of Yishuv forces defeated the Arab forces and Arab Palestinian society collapsed. Some 700,000 Palestinians caught up in the turmoil fled or were driven from their homes.
On 14 May 1948, David Ben-Gurion and the Jewish People's Council declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel". The neighbouring Arab states intervened to prevent the partition and support the Palestinian Arab population. While Transjordan took control of territory designated for the future Arab State, Syrian, Iraqi and Egyptian expeditionary forces attacked Israel without success. The most intensive battles were waged between the Jordanian and Israeli forces over the control of Jerusalem.
On June 11, a truce was accepted by all parties. Israel used the lull to undertake a large-scale reinforcement of its army. In a series of military operations, it then conquered the whole of the Galilee region, both the Lydda and Ramle areas, and the Negev. It also managed to secure, in the Battles of Latrun, a road linking Jerusalem to Israel. In this phase, 350,000 more Arab Palestinians fled or were expelled from the conquered areas.
Partition of former Mandatory territory.
Following the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, the area allocated to the Palestinian Arabs and the international zone of Jerusalem were occupied by Israel and the neighboring Arab states in accordance with the terms of the 1949 Armistice Agreements. In addition to the UN-partitioned area allotted to the Jewish state, Israel captured and incorporated a further 26% of the British Mandate territory. Jordan retained possession of about 21% of the former Mandate territory. Jerusalem was divided, with Jordan taking the eastern parts, including the Old City, and Israel taking the western parts. In addition, Syria held on to small slivers of the former Mandate territory to the south and east of the Sea of Galilee, which had been allocated in the UN partition plan to the Jewish state. For a description of the massive population movements, Arab and Jewish, at the time of the 1948 war and over the following decades, see Palestinian exodus and Jewish exodus from Arab lands.
Palestinian governorship in Egyptian-controlled Gaza.
On the same day that the State of Israel was announced, the Arab League announced that it would set up a single Arab civil administration throughout Palestine, and launched an attack on the new Israeli state.
The All-Palestine Government was established by the Arab League on 22 September 1948, during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. It was soon recognized by all Arab League members, except Jordan. Though jurisdiction of the Government was declared to cover the whole of the former Mandatory Palestine, its effective jurisdiction was limited to the Gaza Strip. The Prime Minister of the Gaza-seated administration was named Ahmed Hilmi Pasha, and the President was named Hajj Amin al-Husseini, former chairman of the Arab Higher Committee.
The All-Palestine Government is regarded by some as the first attempt to establish an independent Palestinian state. It was under official Egyptian protection, but on the other hand it had no executive role, but rather mostly political and symbolic. Its importance gradually declined, especially due to relocation of seat of government from Gaza to Cairo following the Israeli invasion in late 1948. Though Gaza Strip returned under Egyptian control later on through the war, the All-Palestine Government remained in-exile in Cairo, managing Gazan affairs from outside.
In 1959, the All-Palestine Government was officially merged into the United Arab Republic, coming under formal Egyptian military administration, with the appointment of Egyptian military administrators in Gaza. Egypt, however, both formally and informally denounced any and all territorial claims to Palestinian territory, in contrast to the government of Transjordan, which declared its annexation of the Palestinian West Bank. The All-Palestine Government's credentials as a "bona fide" sovereign state were questioned by many, particularly due to the effective reliance upon not only Egyptian military support, but Egyptian political and economic power.
Annexation of the West Bank of Jordan.
Shortly after the proclamation of All-Palestine Government in Gaza, the Jericho Conference named King Abdullah I of Transjordan, "King of Arab Palestine". The Congress called for the union of Arab Palestine and Transjordan and Abdullah announced his intention to annex the West Bank. The other Arab League member states opposed Abdullah's plan.
The New Historians, like Avi Shlaim, hold that there was an unwritten secret agreement between King Abdullah of Transjordan and Israeli authorities to partition the territory between themselves, and that this translated into each side limiting their objectives and exercising mutual restraint during the 1948 war.
The presence of a large number of immigrants and refugees from the now dissolved Mandate of Palestine fueled the regional ambitions of King Abdullah I, who sought control over what had been the British Jerusalem and Samaria districts on the west bank of Jordan River. Towards this goal the king granted Jordanian citizenship to all Arab holders of the Palestinian Mandate identity documents in February 1949, and outlawed the terms "Palestinian" and "Transjordanian" from official usage, changing the country's name from the Emirate of Trans-Jordan to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. The area east of the river became known as "al-Ḍiffah al-Sharqiyyal", or "The East Bank". In April 1950, with the formal annexation of the positions held by the Jordanian Army since 1948, the area became known as "al-Ḍiffah al-Gharbiyyal" or "The Western Bank". With the formal union of the East and West Banks in 1950, the number of Palestinians in the kingdom rose by another 720,000, of whom 440,000 were West Bank residents and 280,000 were refugees from other areas of the former Mandate then living on the West Bank. Palestinians became the majority in Jordan although most believed their return to what was now the state of Israel was imminent.
Israeli controlled areas.
Israel did not retain the administrative structure of the Mandate, redrawing the district borders to roughly parallel the areas of responsibility of its military formations, then infantry brigades.
Six Day War and Yom Kippur War.
In the course of the Six Day War in June 1967, Israel captured the rest of the area that had been part of the British Mandate of Palestine, taking the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) from Jordan and the Gaza Strip from Egypt. Following military threats by Egypt and Syria, including Egyptian president Nasser's demand of the UN to remove its peace-keeping troops from the Egyptian-Israeli border, in June 1967 Israeli forces went to action against Egypt, Syria and Jordan. As a result of that war, the Israel Defense Forces conquered the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, the Golan Heights, and the Sinai Peninsula bringing them under military rule. Israel also pushed Arab forces back from East Jerusalem, which Jews had not been permitted to visit during the prior Jordanian rule. East Jerusalem was allegedly annexed by Israel as part of its capital, though this action has not been recognized internationally. Israel also started building settlements on the occupied land.
The United Nation's Security Council passed Resolution 242, promoting the "land for peace" formula, which called for Israeli withdrawal from territories occupied in 1967, in return for the end of all states of belligerency by the aforementioned Arab League nations. Palestinians continued longstanding demands for the destruction of Israel or made a new demand for self-determination in a separate independent Arab state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip similar to but smaller than the original Partition area that Palestinians and the Arab League had rejected for statehood in 1947.
In the course of 1973 Yom Kippur War, military forces of Egypt crossed the Suez canal and Syria to regain the Golan heights. The attacking military forces of Syria were pushed back. After a cease fire, Egyptian President Sadat Anwar Sadat started peace talks with the U.S. and Israel. Israel returned the Sinai Peninsula to Egypt as part of the 1978 Camp David Peace Accords between Egypt and Israel in hopes of establishing a genuine peace.
First Intifada, Oslo Accords and Palestinian Authority.
From 1987 to 1993, the First Palestinian Intifada against Israel took place. Attempts at the peace process in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict were made at the Madrid Conference of 1991. As the process progressed, in 1993 the Israelis allowed Chairman and President of the Palestine Liberation Organization Yassir Arafat to return to the region.
Following the historic 1993 Oslo Peace Accords between Palestinians and Israel (the "Oslo Accords"), which gave the Palestinian Arabs limited self-rule in some parts of the Disputed Territories through the Palestinian Authority, and other detailed negotiations, proposals for a Palestinian state gained momentum. They were soon followed in 1993 by the Israel-Jordan Treaty of Peace. To date, efforts to resolve the conflict have ended in deadlock, and the people of the region, Jews and Arabs, are engaged in a bloody conflict, called variously the "Arab-Israeli conflict" or "Israeli-Palestinian conflict".
Second Intifada and later.
After few years of on-and-off negotiations, the Palestinians began an uprising against Israel. This was known as the Al-Aqsa Intifada. The events were highlighted in world media by Palestinian suicide bombings in Israel that killed many civilians, and by Israeli Security Forces full fledged invasions into civilian areas along with some targeted killings of Palestinian militant leaders and organizers. Israel began building a complex security barrier to block suicide bombers invading into Israel from the West Bank in 2002.
Also in 2002, the Road map for peace calling for the resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was proposed by a "quartet": the United States, European Union, Russia, and United Nations. U.S. President George W. Bush in a speech on June 24, 2002 called for an independent Palestinian state living side by side with Israel in peace. Bush was the first U.S. President to explicitly call for such a Palestinian state.
Following Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004, it withdrew all settlers and most of the military presence from the Gaza strip, but maintained control of the air space and coast. Israel also dismantled four settlements in northern West Bank in September 2005. Following Israel's withdrawal, Palestinian militia groups fired Qassam rockets into Israel and smuggled weapons and ammunition into Gaza from Egypt. After the kidnap of Israeli soldiers in June 2006, Israel launched a military operation and reentered some parts of the Gaza Strip. Amidst severe criticism, they built the Israeli West Bank barrier.
Following the January 2006 election of the Hamas government, Fatah resistance took the form of street battles that resulted in a victory for Hamas. Hamas took over the ministries of the (Fatah) Palestinian Authority and Gaza became a Hamas enclave outside PA control.
As of July 2009, approximately 305,000 Israelis lived in 121 settlements in the West Bank. The 2.4 million West Bank Palestinians (according to Palestinian evaluations) live primarily in four blocs centered in Hebron, Ramallah, Nablus, and Jericho.
Non-member status of State of Palestine.
On 23 September 2011, President Mahmoud Abbas on behalf of the Palestine Liberation Organisation submitted an application for membership of Palestine in the United Nations. The campaign, dubbed "Palestine 194", was formally backed by the Arab League in May, and was officially confirmed by the PLO on 26 June. The decision was labelled by the Israeli government as a unilateral step, while the Palestinian government countered that it is essential to overcoming the current impasse. Several other countries, such as Germany and Canada, have also denounced the decision and called for a prompt return to negotiations. Many others, however, such as Norway and Russia, have endorsed the plan, as has Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who stated, "UN members are entitled whether to vote for or against the Palestinian statehood recognition at the UN."
In July 2012, it was reported that Hamas Government in Gaza was considering to declare the independence of the Gaza Strip with the help of Egypt. In August 2012, Foreign Minister of the PNA Riyad al-Malki told reporters in Ramallah that PNA would renew effort to upgrade the Palestinian (PLO) status to "full member state" at the U.N. General Assembly on September 27, 2012. By September 2012, with their application for full membership stalled due to the inability of Security Council members to "make a unanimous recommendation", Palestine had decided to pursue an upgrade in status from "observer entity" to "non-member observer state". On November 27, it was announced that the appeal had been officially made, and would be put to a vote in the General Assembly on November 29, where their status upgrade was expected to be supported by a majority of states. In addition to granting Palestine "non-member observer state status", the draft resolution "expresses the hope that the Security Council will consider favourably the application submitted on 23 September 2011 by the State of Palestine for admission to full membership in the United Nations, endorses the two state solution based on the pre-1967 borders, and stresses the need for an immediate resumption of negotiations between the two parties".
On November 29, 2012, in a 138–9 vote (with 41 abstaining), General Assembly resolution 67/19 passed, upgrading Palestine to "non-member observer state" status in the United Nations. The new status equates Palestine's with that of the Holy See.The change in status was described by "The Independent" as "de facto recognition of the sovereign state of Palestine".
The vote was a historic benchmark for the sovereign State of Palestine. Status as an observer state in the UN will allow the State of Palestine to join treaties and specialised UN agencies, such as the International Civil Aviation Organisation, the Law of the Seas Treaty and the International Criminal Court. It shall permit Palestine to claim legal rights over its territorial waters and air space as a sovereign state recognised by the UN. It shall also provide the citizens of Palestine with the right to sue for control of the territory that is rightfully theirs in the International Court of Justice and with the legal right to bring war-crimes charges, mainly those relating to Israel's illegal occupation of the State of Palestine, against Israel in the International Criminal Court.
The UN has permitted Palestine to title its representative office to the UN as "The Permanent Observer Mission of the State of Palestine to the United Nations", whilst it has instructed its diplomats to officially represent "The State of Palestine", as opposed to the 'Palestine National Authority'. Additionally, on 17 December 2012, UN Chief of Protocol Yeocheol Yoon decided that "the designation of 'State of Palestine' shall be used by the Secretariat in all official United Nations documents", thus recognising the PLO-proclaimed State of Palestine as being sovereign over the territories Palestine and its citizens under international law.
As of February 2013, 131 (67.9%) of the 193 member states of the United Nations have recognised the State of Palestine. Many of the countries that do not recognise the State of Palestine nevertheless recognise the PLO as the 'representative of the Palestinian people'.

</doc>
<doc id="20836087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836087" title="Santa Rosa Hills (Inyo County)">
Santa Rosa Hills (Inyo County)

The Santa Rosa Hills are a mountain range in the Saline Valley the northern Mojave Desert, in Inyo County, California.
They are between the Inyo Mountains and the Nelson Range, west of Death Valley and in Death Valley National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20836089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836089" title="Jonathan Águila">
Jonathan Águila

Jonathan Josué Águila Joya (born November 11, 1990 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer. He currently plays for C.D. Águila in the Salvadoran Premier League.
Club career.
Born in San Miguel, Águila started in the "Fundomadrid" project and then joined Águila San Isidro and later ADI. His professional career started in February 2008 when he signed a contract with Salvadoran national league club, C.D. Águila. He made his professional debut on April 5, 2008, in a league match against San Salvador F.C.. He scored his first goal on January 31, 2009 in a league match against C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo.

</doc>
<doc id="20836094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836094" title="Santa Rosa Hills (Riverside County)">
Santa Rosa Hills (Riverside County)

The Santa Rosa Hills are a low mountain range in the northern Peninsular Ranges System, in Riverside County, California.
They are located southeast of Hemet.

</doc>
<doc id="20836148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836148" title="Hadha min fadhle Rabbi">
Hadha min fadhle Rabbi

When uttered by someone, it serves as a reminder that all things are from God alone, and thus, this phrase serves as a way to convey that all credit is due unto to Him alone. Additionally, it also serves as a way to express gratitude and appreciation of God for the thing possessed, given, or owned by the person. In this sense, the phrase is closely related to another Arabic term, namely, Alhamdulillah, which conveys the idea of "All praise be to God," or even, "Thank God," as it is most often understood by Muslims and Arabs (both Muslim and non-Muslim Arabs).
Although this phrase is generally observed to be used by Arabs (both Muslim and non-Muslim), non-Arab Muslim operators of the phrase also display its usage, especially those closely familiar with the Qur'an and those that possess a relatively simple and basic understanding of the Arabic language, given that the phrase is extracted from the Qur'an.
History of the phrase.
This phrase comes from a verse of the Qur'an in which it forms only a small part of the entire verse. In verse 40 of the 27th chapter of the Qur'an - Sura (sura=chapter) An-Naml, or The Ant - a story is related of the Prophet Solomon's interactions with Bilqis, also known as The Queen of Sheba. (See related article Islamic view of Solomon for the background of this story.)
Below is the translation by Abdullah Yusuf Ali of verses 38-42 of the above mentioned chapter.
قَالَ يَا أَيُّهَا المَلَأُ أَيُّكُمْ يَأْتِينِي بِعَرْشِهَا قَبْلَ أَن يَأْتُونِي مُسْلِمِينَ {38
27:38 He said (to his own men): "Ye chiefs! which of you can bring me her throne before they come to me in submission?"
قَالَ عِفْريتٌ مِّنَ الْجِنِّ أَنَا آتِيكَ بِهِ قَبْلَ أَن تَقُومَ مِن مَّقَامِكَ وَإِنِّي عَلَيْهِ لَقَوِيٌّ أَمِينٌ {39
27:39 Said an 'Ifrit, of the Jinns: "I will bring it to thee before thou rise from thy council: indeed I have full strength for the purpose, and may be trusted."
قَالَ الَّذِي عِندَهُ عِلْمٌ مِّنَ الْكِتَابِ أَنَا آتِيكَ بِهِ قَبْلَ أَن يَرْتَدَّ إِلَيْكَ طَرْفُكَ فَلَمَّا رَآهُ مُسْتَقِرًّا عِندَهُ قَالَ هَذَا مِن فَضْلِ رَبِّي لِيَبْلُوَنِي أَأَشْكُرُ أَمْ أَكْفُرُ وَمَن شَكَرَ فَإِنَّمَا يَشْكُرُ لِنَفْسِهِ وَمَن كَفَرَ فَإِنَّ رَبِّي غَنِيٌّ كَرِيمٌ {40
27:40 Said one who had knowledge of the Book: "I will bring it to thee within the twinkling of an eye!" Then when (Solomon) saw it placed firmly before him, he said: "This is by the Grace of my Lord! - to test me whether I am grateful or ungrateful! and if any is grateful, truly his gratitude is (a gain) for his own soul; but if any is ungrateful, truly my Lord is Free of all Needs, Supreme in Honour !"
Use of the phrase in graphics, calligraphy, and products.
The phrase, "Hādha min faḍl rabbī", has been featured in many graphics, as well as in Islamic art and calligraphy, which gives an idea of the importance and significance of this phrase to Muslims.
Examples of graphics and products where this phrase is featured can be found in the following list:
Notes.
Verses above can be found here:
http://www.al-islam.org/Quran/process.asp?tArabic=on&tYusufali=on&Sura=27&SavedSura=1&fAya=28&tAya=50&searchText=&arabicdisplay=windows

</doc>
<doc id="20836170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836170" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 62 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 62 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 62 (2008) (formerly IRR 41) appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon. It was an initiated constitutional amendment dealing with the issue of where a percentage of profit from the Oregon State Lottery should go. The initiative, if it had passed, would have required that 15% of net lottery proceeds be deposited in a public safety fund. 50% of that fund would have been distributed to counties to fund grants for childhood programs, district attorney operations, and sheriff's investigations. The other 50% of the fund would have gone to Oregon State Police criminal investigations and forensic operations. It is expected that most of that money would have been diverted from schools.
Background.
The official ballot title is: "Allocates 15% Of Lottery Proceeds To Public Safety Fund For Crime Prevention, Investigation, Prosecution"
Measure 62 has become unofficially known as the "Oregon C.S.I. Measure".
Specific provisions.
Where the money would go:
Estimated fiscal impact.
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 62 says:
Supporters.
The measure was sponsored by chief petitioners Duane Fletchall, Steve Beck, and Kevin Mannix.
Arguments in favor of Measure 62.
Notable arguments made in favor of Measure 62 included:
Opponents.
Defend Oregon opposed Measure 62.
Arguments against Measure 62.
Notable arguments made against Measure 62 include:
Donors opposing Measure 62.
Defend Oregon, as a committee, fought seven different ballot measures, and supported two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign money was going specifically to defeat Measure 61. Altogether, the group raised over $6 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 8 included:
Newspaper endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers endorsed on the measure.

</doc>
<doc id="20836188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836188" title="Cricket in the United States">
Cricket in the United States

Cricket in the United States is a sport played at the amateur, club, intercollegiate, and international competition levels. There have also been several recent attempts to form professional cricket leagues in the United States.
History.
It has been generally agreed by sports historians that cricket, besides the Native American sport lacrosse, was both the first organized team sport and the first major team sport in the United States.
Cricket was played by British colonists in North America by the start of the 18th century.
There are archives dated back from 1709 of cricket played in America. A New York newspaper from 1739 contains an advertisement for cricket players and the first documented competition occurred in 1751 in Manhattan. Cricket received a significant amount of media coverage at the time. The sport was played in approximately 125 cities in 22 states. Roughly 500 officially established clubs existed and it is probable that in 1860 there were 10,000 boys and men in America who had actively played the sport for at least a season.
Dartmouth College students were playing cricket on the Green by 1793. Haverford College formed a cricket team in 1833. In recent years Haverford is one of the few post secondary institutions to field a cricket team at the varsity level, hence most of Haverford's opponents are collegiate club level teams. Clubs from the United States and Canada participated in one of the first international cricket matches on record in 1844 in
Bloomingdale Park in Manhattan.
In 2004 Pro Cricket was organized as a professional Twenty20 format league with eight teams in two divisions. However, the league closed at the end of its first season in 2004. The Pro Cricket league was independent of the USACA and not recognized or sanctioned by them.
Organization of cricket in the United States.
International cricket.
International Cricket was nonexistent until recently when the United States national cricket team started playing in the World Cricket League. Cricket in the United States is run by the United States of America Cricket Association, whose effectiveness is lessened by limited funds due to cricket's lack of popularity compared to other American sports. The United States cricket team is currently unranked in Test Cricket and One Day International cricket.
Cricket grounds.
There are only a few purpose built cricket grounds in the United States, they include: the Germantown Cricket Club
and the Philadelphia Cricket Club in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the Staten Island Cricket Club on Staten Island, New York; the Central Broward Regional Park
in Lauderhill, Florida; and the Leo Magnus Cricket Complex in Van Nuys, California.
The game is also played on a number of shared purpose venues, they include: Van Cortlandt Park in Bronx, New York and others.
The major cricket ground in USA
Governing body.
The United States of America Cricket Association (USACA) is the governing body for International Cricket Council (ICC) sanctioned cricket in the United States. The ICC recognized the USACA as an associate member starting in 1965. In 2005 the USACA was suspended from an ICC sponsored annual conference due to problems with USACA elections, but that suspension was lifted in March 2006. In 2007 the USACA was again suspended by the ICC because of problems with its administration and constitution, but was again recognized beginning on April 1, 2008.
The national association organizes play within and between seven regional conferences, which may contain several leagues. A league is a group of 8 or more teams that play according to a schedule. Competition is held at various age levels including under-19, under-15, senior, etc. The USACA holds a National Senior Tournament as well as national and international competitions for other age groups.
Cricket in American culture.
In 2006 it was estimated that 30,000 people in the United States play or watch cricket annually.
Cricket in the United States is not as popular as baseball and is not as popular among as large a fraction of the population as it is
within either the Commonwealth nations or the other ICC full member (or Test cricket) nations. There are at least two historical reasons for the relative obscurity of cricket within
the United States. One reason was the 19th-century-rise of the summer time bat and ball sport now called baseball, which seems to have displaced cricket as a popular pastime. Another reason was that in 1909 when the ICC was originally organized as the
Imperial Cricket Conference it was open only to Commonwealth nations and thereby excluded the US from participating in the sport at the highest level.
Nevertheless in 1965 the US was admitted to the renamed ICC as an associate member and the sport grew in popularity in the second half of the 20th century. An oft mentioned reason for the growing popularity of cricket is the growing population of immigrants to the US who come from cricket playing nations.
With the launching of the United States Youth Cricket Association in 2010, a more focused effort to bring the game to American schools was begun, with the intention of broadening cricket's fan base beyond expatriates and their children.

</doc>
<doc id="20836217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836217" title="Abruzzi Ridge (Mount Saint Elias)">
Abruzzi Ridge (Mount Saint Elias)

The Abruzzi Ridge is a mountaineering route on Mount Saint Elias, ascending the north (Yukon) side of the mountain. It was first climbed by Luigi Amedeo, Duke of the Abruzzi in 1897, and named in his honor. Although listed in the influential guidebook "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America", the route is rarely climbed today due to glacial changes and the danger of icefall avalanches from the northeast face.

</doc>
<doc id="20836222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836222" title="Henrique Calisto">
Henrique Calisto

Henrique Manuel da Silva Calisto (born 16 October 1953) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right defender, and a current manager.
Playing career.
Born in Matosinhos, Calisto played three seasons in the top division with local Leixões SC, his best output being 17 games (one goal) in the 1973–74 season, with the team finishing in 14th position.
Calisto retired from professional football in June 1979 at only 25, after one season with A.D. Fafe in the second level.
Coaching career.
Portugal.
Calisto begun coaching at the age of only 26, leading Boavista F.C. to the fourth position in 1980–81's top flight, recording nine wins, four draws and two losses in his 15 games in charge. He spent the following four years between that team and its Porto neighbours S.C. Salgueiros, winning the second division in 1982.
After only a few months in charge of S.C. Braga, Calisto joined fellow league side Varzim S.C. in the 1986 summer, being sacked with two games left in the 1987–88 campaign and replaced with club player Baltemar Brito as the season ended in relegation. He then had short spells with various clubs, his 1994 one with former club Leixões ending in level two relegation (only one win in ten matches).
Calisto joined Rio Ave F.C. in January 1995, leading the Vila do Conde side to the second division championship in his first full season, but was sacked after the 13th round in 1996–97 after failing to record one win in 13 games. He completed the campaign at the helm of F.C. Paços de Ferreira, in one of several spells he had with the club.
In the 2011–12 season, Calisto returned to Paços for his third stint: when he took the reins of the team it ranked in last position, and he eventually left it well outside of the relegation zone, as tenth, leaving at the end of the campaign.
Asia.
Calisto spent eight seasons at the helm of Đồng Tâm Long An F.C. in Vietnam, leading the club to two V-League titles, and five other top-three finishes. In March 2008, he was hired as head coach of the Vietnamese football team, leading it to its first ASEAN Football Championship title.
Calisto quit his job as national side coach on 2 March 2011. He had been criticized over the poor performance of the team at the 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup, and was appointed at Thai outfit Muangthong United F.C. the following week.
Africa / Return to Portugal.
In mid-February 2013, Calisto was appointed at C.R.D. Libolo in Angola. He returned to his country on 30 October of that year, however, replacing fired Costinha at the helm of former team Paços which ranked last in the league with only one win and one draw from eight games.

</doc>
<doc id="20836228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836228" title="Lexus HS">
Lexus HS

The Lexus HS is a dedicated hybrid vehicle introduced by Lexus as a new entry-level luxury compact sedan in 2009. Built on the same platform as the Avensis and Scion tC, it is classified as a compact under Japanese regulations concerning vehicle exterior dimensions and engine displacement. Unveiled at the North American International Auto Show in January 2009, the HS 250h went on sale in July 2009 in Japan, followed by the United States in August 2009 as a 2010 model. The HS 250h represented the first dedicated hybrid vehicle in the Lexus lineup, as well as the first offered with an inline four gasoline engine. Bioplastic materials are used for the vehicle interior. With a total length of 184.8 inches, the Lexus HS is slightly larger than the Lexus IS in terms of size, but still smaller than the mid-size Lexus ES.
Like the smaller Lexus CT, the larger Lexus ES and the Lexus RX FWD (which has also shared the same production line), but unlike other vehicles in the Lexus lineup, the HS features front-wheel drive, and as such has been offered as IS's front-wheel drive counterpart. In the U.S., sales for the HS 250h lagged other models, and dropped by nearly three-quarters in 2011. Between late May and early June 2012, Lexus removed the HS 250h from its U.S. sales lineup, while a larger front-wheel drive hybrid sedan, the ES 300h, went on sale for the latter half of 2012. , the HS continues to be sold in Japan, where the ES is not offered for sale. According to Lexus, the HS designation stands for Harmonious Sedan.
Development.
Lexus displayed the HS 250h for the first time at the North American International Auto Show in 2008, with plans to launch the vehicle in major world markets including the U.S. and Japan. According to division officials, the HS was produced in response to consumer interest in dedicated hybrid models, with many stating that they would purchase such a vehicle if a luxury make offered one. The success of the Toyota Prius with upper-income buyers was also a consideration. The resulting HS 250h would become the most fuel-efficient in the Lexus lineup at its debut. At its launch, the HS 250h was also claimed to be the most fuel-efficient luxury vehicle in the U.S. The CT 200h, launched in 2011, later surpassed the HS 250h's fuel economy ratings.
To cater to environmentally-conscious buyers, the HS 250h design included carbon footprint-reducing considerations, including the adoption of plant-derived "eco-plastic" (bioplastic) materials for the interior, cargo space, and foam injected areas. Bioplastic plant sources included kenaf fibers and castor seeds. Kenaf-based material was previously used in the Lexus ES rear interior. According to the manufacturer, 85 percent of the vehicle was fully recyclable. For the Japanese domestic market, the HS 250h featured a Harmonious Driving Navigator system which monitored efficient driving characteristics and compared them with others to determine the 'greenest' overall driver, for which charitable donations could be made.
The HS 250h's platform was based on the third generation Toyota Avensis, itself related to the traditional gasoline engine Toyota Allion sold from 2001 to 2007, and was based on 2.4-litre-engined Corolla with electric motors. Other related models included the Toyota Premio, Toyota Vista (5th gen), Toyota Opa, Toyota Wish, and Toyota Caldina (3rd gen). In July 2009, the HS 250h made its sales launch in Japan, with 1,500 pre-orders logged at its introduction. This figure was reportedly three times greater than originally forecasted. 
The Toyota Sai, a sister model sharing the same platform and hybrid drivetrain, was launched in Japan in October 2009. However, HS 250h was not slated for the European market, where the similarly-sized IS 220d and Toyota Avensis were sold.
The HS has a .
Powertrain.
The gasoline-powered portion of the HS 250h powertrain is the 2.4L "2AZ-FXE" inline-four engine. The "2AZ-FXE" produces and of torque at 4000 revolutions per minute. This is assisted by an electric motor for a combined output of . The HS 250h uses a similar hybrid drivetrain as the Toyota Camry Hybrid.
The HS 250h's EPA fuel economy is estimated at in the city and on the highway. The HS 250h engine runs on the Atkinson cycle, and the powertrain uses a continuously variable transmission. A nickel metal hydride battery situated between the trunk and rear seats serves to power the electric motor. An additional system included on the HS 250h's Lexus Hybrid Drive powertrain is an exhaust heat recovery system to reduce engine warm-up periods (optimizing engine start-stop times). The Atkinson cycle configuration and exhaust-heat recovery system is also used on the 2010 Lexus RX 450h.
The HS 250h can be operated in either driver-selectable EV, Eco, or Power modes. The EV mode is suited for short-distance pure electric driving at speeds of up to , the Eco mode can be selected for the greatest fuel efficiency in mixed gas-electric driving, and the Power mode offers more performance in contrast to the Eco mode. The 0–60 time is listed at 8.4 seconds and the top speed is .
Equipment.
Technological features offered on the HS 250h include a pop-up navigation and infotainment system with Remote Touch controller, a Mark Levinson premium sound system, and safety systems. The Remote Touch system is used with the GPS navigation system and operates using haptic feedback. The Lexus Enform telematics service is introduced on the HS 250h.
Safety systems include an Intelligent Highbeam (IHB) system, Lane Keep Assist (LKA) system, and onboard cameras. The IHB senses oncoming vehicles and adjusts lighting to prevent glare. The LKA system, operating in conjunction with the radar adaptive cruise control, helps keep the vehicle in its lane. Up to five onboard cameras include Wide-View Front and Rear-View backup cameras. These cameras allow the driver to see around corners. The LED detector Driver Monitoring System warns if the driver is not paying attention and obstacles are detected in the vehicle's path, preventing accidents due to drowsiness or distraction. A Pre-Collision System is designed to minimize damage from accidents.
Sales.
The Lexus HS had early success in the Japanese market, where in its the first month, the vehicle recorded 3,000 pre-orders, 10,000 sales, and a waiting list that was six months long. Because of the higher than expected demand in Japan, Lexus lowered its allocation and sales plans for the United States in October 2009.
In early 2010, based on units sold, the HS was considered one of the less popular Lexus sedans in the US, being outsold by the ES, IS, and LS. A recall of models for reprogramming the brake software in February 2010 also led some buyers to question the model; with word of the issue possibly scaring away potential buyers. Earlier in its release however, the HS 250h was the top selling Lexus hybrid, with monthly sales comparable to the economy Honda Insight hybrid.
In late 2011, "Ward's AutoWorld" reported that Lexus was discontinuing sales of the HS 250h in the U.S. A Lexus representative confirmed this in May 2012, "Production of the HS 250h ceased in January, 2012. Lexus continues to monitor sales for each product and we make adjustments to make sure that we meet market demand, and the discontinuation of HS was part of that adjustment. The ES 300h is not replacing HS in our lineup. It's merely part of the hybridization of many of our existing vehicles in the Toyota and Lexus lineups."
2010 recall.
On 25 June 2010 Lexus recalled 17,801 MY 2010 HS 250h models for failing to comply with FMVSS 301, "Fuel System Integrity", due to excessive fuel leakage in the event of a rear-end collision.
2013 facelift.
On January 2013, the Lexus HS received a facelift. The front receives the Lexus signature "Spindle Grille" first seen on the Lexus GS. Other changes include lowering the height by 10 mm, refined interior, and the addition of "SPORT MODE" on the Drive Mode Select. While it still retains the 2.4 L petrol engine, the fuel economy is now 20.6 km/L, based on JC08 Mode cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="20836259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836259" title="Santa Rosa Hills">
Santa Rosa Hills

Santa Rosa Hills may refer to:
Other similar names include:

</doc>
<doc id="20836284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836284" title="59 Division (Sri Lanka)">
59 Division (Sri Lanka)

The 59 Division is an infantry division of the Sri Lanka Army formed in 2007. A principal offensive division it is currently deployed for combat operations in the Wanni region.
Sri Lankan Civil War.
Operations.
Formed in the Welioya sector it was tasked with advancing from Welioya to the LTTE stronghold of Mullaitivu. The division captured key LTTE bases in the jungles of Mullaitivu, these included Muhagam camp (May 30, 2008), Michael camp (May 30, 2008), Suganthan camp (July 27, 2008), Jeevan camp (August 16, 2008) that belong to the "one four" base complex. Troops of the 59 Division took western section of the Nayaru Lagoon on August 21, 2008 and on November 11 Kumalamunai was taken followed by Othiyamalai (November 29, 2008) and Mullayaveli (December 16, 2008)
The 59 Division participated in the Battle of Mullaitivu in January 2009, during which it captured Mullaitivu town, the last stronghold of the Tamil Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="20836287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836287" title="Santa Teresa Hills">
Santa Teresa Hills

The Santa Teresa Hills are a mountain range in Santa Clara County, California, located partly in the city of San Jose. They are one the landforms around the Almaden Valley.
Rancho San Vicente.
The Santa Teresa Hills were part of the historic Rancho San Vicente lands granted to José de los Reyes Berreyesa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20836295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836295" title="Entomological warfare">
Entomological warfare

Entomological warfare (EW) is a type of biological warfare that uses insects to attack the enemy. The concept has existed for centuries and research and development have continued into the modern era. EW has been used in battle by Japan and several other nations have developed and been accused of using an entomological warfare program.
Description.
Entomological warfare (EW) is a specific type of biological warfare (BW) that uses insects in a direct attack or as vectors to deliver a biological agent, such as plague or cholera. Essentially, EW exists in three varieties. One type of EW involves infecting insects with a pathogen and then dispersing the insects over target areas. The insects then act as a vector, infecting any person or animal they might bite. Another type of EW is a direct insect attack against crops; the insect may not be infected with any pathogen but instead represents a threat to agriculture. The final method of entomological warfare is to use uninfected insects, such as bees, to directly attack the enemy.
Early history.
Entomological warfare is not a new concept; historians and writers have studied EW in connection to multiple historic events. A 14th century plague epidemic in Asia Minor that eventually became known as the Black Death is one such event that has drawn attention from historians as a possible early incident of entomological warfare. That plague's spread over Europe may have been the result of a biological attack on the Crimean city of Kaffa.
According to Jeffrey Lockwood, author of "" (a book about EW), the earliest incident of entomological warfare was probably the use of bees by early humans. The bees or their nests were thrown into caves to force the enemy out and into the open. Lockwood theorizes that the Ark of the Covenant may have been deadly when opened because it contained deadly fleas.
During the American Civil War the Confederacy accused the Union of purposely introducing the harlequin bug in the South. These accusations were never proven, and modern research has shown it more likely that the insect arrived by other means. The world did not experience large-scale entomological warfare until World War II; Japanese attacks in China were the only verified instance of BW or EW during the war. During, and following, the war other nations began their own EW programs.
World War II.
Canada.
Among the Allied Powers, Canada led the pioneering effort in vector-borne warfare. After Japan became intent on developing the plague flea as a weapon, Canada and the United States followed suit. Cooperating closely with the United States, Dr. G.B. Reed, chief of Kingston's Queen's University's Defense Research Laboratory, focused his research efforts on mosquito vectors, biting flies, and plague infected fleas during World War II. Much of this research was shared with or conducted in concert with the United States.
Canada's entire bio-weapons program was ahead of the British and the Americans during the war. The Canadians tended to work in areas their allies ignored; entomological warfare was one of these areas. As the U.S. and British programs evolved, the Canadians worked closely with both nations. The Canadian BW work would continue well after the war, including entomological research.
France.
France is known to have pursued entomological warfare programs during World War II. Like Germany, the nation suggested that the Colorado potato beetle, aimed at the enemy's food sources, would be an asset during the war. As early as 1939 biological warfare experts in France suggested that the beetle be used against German crops.
Germany.
Germany is known to have pursued entomological warfare programs during World War II. The nation pursued the mass-production, and dispersion, of the Colorado potato beetle ("Lepinotarsa decemlineata"), aimed at the enemy's food sources. The beetle was first found in Germany in 1914, as an invasive species from North America. There are no records that indicate the beetle was ever employed as a weapon by Germany, or any other nation during the war. Regardless, the Germans had developed plans to drop the beetles on English crops.
Germany carried out testing of its Colorado potato beetle weaponization program south of Frankfurt, where they released 54,000 of the beetles. In 1944, an infestation of Colorado potato beetles was reported in Germany. The source of the infestation is unknown, speculation has offered three alternative theories as to the origin of the infestation. One option is Allied action, an entomological attack, another is that it was the result of the German testing, and still another more likely explanation is that it was merely a natural occurrence.
Japan.
Japan used entomological warfare on a large scale during World War II in China. Unit 731, Japan's infamous biological warfare unit led by Lt. General Shirō Ishii, used plague-infected fleas and flies covered with cholera to infect the population in China. The Japanese military dispersed the insects by spraying them from low-flying airplanes and dropping bombs filled with a mixture of insects and disease. Localized and deadly epidemics resulted and nearly 500,000 Chinese died of disease. An "international symposium" of historians declared in 2002 that Japanese entomological warfare in China was responsible for the deaths of 440,000.
The late Ban Shigeo, a technician at the Japanese Army's 9th Technical Research Institute, left a rare and valuable account of the activities of Noborito Research Institute which was published in Rikugun Noborito Kenkyujo no shinjitsu - The Truth About the Army Nororito Institute available only in the Japanese language. Of the Japanese Army's ten numbered institutes, only the 9th Army Technical Research Institute came under the covert operations section of the Army General Staff's Second Bureau (Intelligence). On the sensitive issue of Japanese biological warfare, Ban did not shrink from including an account of his trip to Nanking in 1941 to participate in the testing of poisons on Chinese prisoners. One of his book's contributions is to further tie Noborito to the Japanese Army's infamous Unit 731, which participated in biomedical research. When the war ended, the US Army quietly enlisted certain members of Noborito in its efforts against the communist camp in the early years of the Cold War. The author notes near the end of the book that Ban led the "chemical section" of a US clandestine unit hidden within Yokosuka naval base during the Korean War, and then worked on unspecified projects inside the United States from 1955 to 1959, before returning to Japan to enter the private sector. Shirō Ishii of Unit 731, having not been charged as a war criminal, also continued his work to consult with American authorities, especially during the height of the Cold War, and died in 1959 of throat cancer.
In 1989, a British study of Unit 731 strongly supported the theory of United States-Japanese BW culpability in Korea. Chinese experts doggedly insist today that BW weapons created in an American-Japanese collaboration were used in the Korean war. 
Further evidence that Japanese continued to assist the United States Chemical, Biological warfare, as well as Radiological effects and Entomological warfare program efforts continued after the Korean war into Vietnam includes a visit to Rocky Mountain Arsenal in September of 1962 by Japanese delegation I-63. 
Among many other activities, from January 1962-October 1969, Rocky Mountain Arsenal “grew, purified and biodemilitarized” plant pathogen wheat stem rust graminis, var. tritici (Agent TX) for the Air Force biological anti-crop program. TX-treated grain was grown at the Arsenal from 1962-1968 in Sections 23-26. Unprocessed TX was also transported from Beale AFB for purification, storage, and disposal. 
Trichothecenes Mycotoxin is a toxin that can be extracted from Wheat Stem Rust and Rice Blast and can kill or incapacitate depending on the concentration used. The “red mold disease” of wheat and barley in Japan is prevalent in the region that faces the Pacific Ocean. Toxic trichothecenes, including nivalenol, deoxynivalenol, and monoace tylnivalenol (fusarenon- X) from Fusarium nivale, can be isolated from moldy grains. In the suburbs of Tokyo, an illness similar to “red mold disease” was described in an outbreak of a food borne disease, as a result of the consumption of Fusarium- infected rice.
Ingestion of moldy grains that are contaminated with trichothecenes has been associated with mycotoxicosis.
United Kingdom.
A British scientist, J.B.S. Haldane, suggested that Britain and Germany were both vulnerable to entomological attack via the Colorado potato beetle. In 1942 the United States shipped 15,000 Colorado potato beetles to Britain for study as a weapon.
Cold War.
Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union researched, developed and tested an entomological warfare program as a major part of an anti-crop and anti-animal BW program. The Soviets developed techniques for using insects to transmit animal pathogens, such as foot and mouth disease — which they used ticks to transmit. The nation also used avian ticks to transmit "Chlamydophila psittaci" to chickens. In addition, the Soviet Union claimed to have developed an automated mass insect breeding facility, capable of outputting millions of parasitic insects per day.
United States.
The United States seriously researched the potential of entomological warfare during the Cold War. The United States military developed plans for an entomological warfare facility, designed to produce 100 million yellow fever-infected mosquitoes per month. A U.S. Army report titled "Entomological Warfare Target Analysis" listed vulnerable sites within the Soviet Union that the U.S. could attack using entomological vectors. The military also tested the mosquito biting capacity by dropping uninfected mosquitoes over U.S. cities.
North Korean and Chinese officials leveled accusations that during the Korean War the United States engaged in biological warfare, including EW, in North Korea. The claim is dated to the period of the war, and has been thoroughly denied by the U.S. In 1998, Stephen Endicott and Edward Hagermann claimed that the accusations were true in their book, "The United States and Biological Warfare: Secrets from the Early Cold War and Korea" The book received mixed reviews, some called it "bad history" and "appalling", while other praised the case the authors made. Other historians have revived the claim in recent decades as well. The same year Endicotts' book was published Kathryn Weathersby and Milton Leitenberg of the Cold War International History Project at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington released a cache of Soviet and Chinese documents which revealed the North Korean claim was an elaborate disinformation campaign.
During the 1950s the United States conducted a series of field tests using entomological weapons. Operation Big Itch, in 1954, was designed to test munitions loaded with uninfected fleas ("Xenopsylla cheopis"). Big Itch went awry when some of the fleas escaped into the plane and bit all three members of the air crew. In May 1955 over 300,000 yellow fever mosquitoes ("Aedes aegypti") were dropped over parts of the U.S. state of Georgia to determine if the air-dropped mosquitoes could survive to take meals from humans. The mosquito tests were known as Operation Big Buzz. Operation Magic Sword was a 1965 U.S. military operation designed to test the effectiveness of the sea-borne release of insect vectors for biological agents. The U.S. engaged in at least two other EW testing programs, Operation Drop Kick and Operation May Day. A 1981 Army report outlined these tests as well as multiple cost-associated issues that occurred with EW. The report is partially declassified — some information is blacked out, including everything concerning "Drop Kick" — and included "cost per death" calculations. The cost per death, according to the report, for a vector-borne biological agent achieving a 50% mortality rate in an attack on a city was $0.29 in 1976 dollars. Such an attack was estimated to result in 625,000 deaths.
The United States has also applied entomological warfare research and tactics in non-combat situations. In 1990 the U.S. funded a $6.5 million program designed to research, breed and drop caterpillars. The caterpillars were to be dropped in Peru on coca fields as part of the American War on Drugs. As recently as 2002 U.S. entomological anti-drug efforts at Fort Detrick were focused on finding an insect vector for a virus that affects the opium poppy.
Bioterrorism.
Clemson University's Regulatory and Public Service Program listed "diseases vectored by insects" among bioterrorism scenarios considered "most likely". Because invasive species are already a problem worldwide one University of Nebraska entomologist considered it likely that the source of any sudden appearance of a new agricultural pest would be difficult, if not impossible, to determine. Lockwood considers insects a more effective means of transmitting biological agents for acts of bioterrorism than the actual agents. Insect vectors are easily gathered and their eggs easily transportable without detection. Isolating and delivering biological agents, on the other hand, is extremely challenging and hazardous.
In one of the few suspected acts of entomological bioterrorism an eco-terror group known as The Breeders claimed to have released Mediterranean fruit flies (medflies) amidst an ongoing California infestation. Lockwood asserts that there is some evidence the group played a role in the event. The pest attacks a variety of crops and the state of California responded with a large-scale pesticide spraying program. At least one source asserted that there is no doubt that an outside hand played a role in the dense 1989 infestation. The group stated in a letter to then Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley that their goals were twofold. They sought to cause the medfly infestation to grow out of control which, in turn, would render the ongoing Malathion spraying program financially infeasible.
Legal status.
The Biological and Toxic Weapons Convention (BWC) of 1972 does not specifically mention insect vectors in its text. The language of the treaty, however, does cover vectors. Article I bans "Weapons, equipment or means of delivery designed to use such agents or toxins for hostile purposes or in armed conflict." It would appear, due to the text of the BWC, that insect vectors as an aspect of entomological warfare are covered and outlawed by the Convention. The issue is less clear when warfare with uninfected insects against crops is considered.

</doc>
<doc id="20836296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836296" title="Burleigh Bombers Australian Football Club">
Burleigh Bombers Australian Football Club

Burleigh Bombers Australian Rules Football Club, also known as the "Burleigh Bombers", is an Australian rules football club representing the suburb of Burleigh on the Gold Coast. The club currently competes in the highest AFL Queensland league, Division One of the AFL Queensland State League and its home ground is Bill Godfrey Oval.

</doc>
<doc id="20836310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836310" title="Bidhannagar subdivision">
Bidhannagar subdivision

Bidhannagar subdivision is a subdivision of the North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of only Bidhannagar municipality. The subdivision has its headquarters at Bidhannagar. 
Area.
Bidhannagar municipality is the only urban area under this subdivision. There is no rural area under this subdivision. East Bidhannagar, North Bidhannagar, South Bidhannagar and Bhangar police stations serve the Bidhhannagar municipality.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Bidhannagar municipality will be part of the area defining the Bidhannagar assembly constituency of West Bengal. This constituency will be an assembly segment of the Barasat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20836319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836319" title="Raoul Bricard">
Raoul Bricard

Raoul Bricard (23 March 1870 – 1944) is a French engineer and a mathematician. He is best known for his work in geometry, especially descriptive geometry and scissors congruence, and kinematics, especially mechanical linkages.
Biography.
Bricard taught geometry at Ecole Centrale des Arts et Manufactures. In 1908 he became a professor of applied geometry at the National Conservatory of Arts and Crafts in Paris. In 1932 he received Poncelet Prize in mathematics from the Paris Academy of Sciences for his work in geometry.
Work.
In 1896 Bricard published a paper on Hilbert's third problem, even before the problem was stated by Hilbert. In it he proved that mirror symmetric polytopes are scissors congruent, and proved a weak version of Dehn's criterion.
In 1897 Bricard published an important investigation on flexible polyhedra. In it he classified all flexible octahedra. This work was the subject of Henri Lebesgue's lectures in 1938. Later Bricard discovered notable 6-bar linkages.
Bricard also gave one of the first geometric proofs of Morley's trisector theorem in 1922.
Books.
Bricard authored six books, including a mathematics survey in Esperanto. He is listed in "Encyclopedia of Esperanto".

</doc>
<doc id="20836332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836332" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 63 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 63 (2008)

Oregon Ballot Measure 63 (IRR 21) was an initiated state statute that appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon. It would have allowed homeowners to make improvements costing less than $35,000 to their home/real estate without first obtaining a building permit.
Background.
On May 5, 2008, the Oregon Secretary of State announced that the measure had sufficient signatures to qualify for the November ballot. 82,769 valid signatures were required, and the initiative's supporters had turned in 83,869 valid signatures, or 65.65% of the 127,755 total signatures that were submitted. During the campaign to collect signatures, the pro-initiative committee paid Democracy Direct, a petition drive management company, a little under $40,000 to collect signatures for the measure.
Specific provisions.
If the measure had passed, the following provisions would have been enacted:
Estimated fiscal impact.
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 62 says:
Supporters.
The measure's chief petitioners were Alan Grosso and Bill Sizemore. The name of the officially-filed committee supporting the initiative was the "Fairness in Home Improvement PAC".
Arguments in favor of Measure 63.
Notable arguments made in favor of Measure 63 included:
Donors in favor of Measure 63.
Funds for signature collection for the proposal were donated by a group called Hire Calling Public Affairs, which was affiliated with Richard Wendt, founder of Jeld-Wen, a Klamath Falls manufacturing company.
Opponents.
Defend Oregon was opposed to Measure 63, as was a group called Oregonians Against Unsafe Housing.
Arguments against Measure 63.
Notable arguments made against Measure 63 included:
Donors opposing Measure 63.
Defend Oregon, as a committee, fought seven different ballot measures, and supported two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign money was going specifically to defeat Measure 59. Altogether, the group raised over $6 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 8 included:
Newspaper endorsements.
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers endorsed on the measure.

</doc>
<doc id="20836385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836385" title="Sawtooth Mountains (California)">
Sawtooth Mountains (California)

The Sawtooth Mountains are a mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges system, located in eastern San Diego County, California.
The Sawtooth Mountains are within the western Colorado Desert, southwest of Anza-Borrego Desert State Park and the Tierra Blanca Mountains. The Jacumba Mountains lie to the southeast.
The Sawtooth Mountains Wilderness is located within the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20836389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836389" title="Hiroshi Soejima">
Hiroshi Soejima

Hiroshi Soejima (副島 博志, born July 26, 1959 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player.
Soejima made three appearances for the Japan national football team at a friendly tournament in Guangzhou, China during 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20836391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836391" title="Sawtooth Range (San Bernardino County)">
Sawtooth Range (San Bernardino County)

The Sawtooth Range is a mountain range in eastern San Bernardino County, California.
They are in the Mojave Desert east of Lanfair Valley near the Colorado River and Nevada border.

</doc>
<doc id="20836397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836397" title="Yuji Tsukada">
Yuji Tsukada

Yuji Tsukada (塚田 雄二, born December 28, 1957 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Tsukada last managed Cerezo Osaka, resigning following the club's relegation at the end of the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20836400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836400" title="Sawtooth Range (San Diego County)">
Sawtooth Range (San Diego County)

The Sawtooth Range is a mountain range in San Diego County, California.
The range is north west of the Imperial Valley and south of Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert.

</doc>
<doc id="20836402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836402" title="Yoshikazu Nagai">
Yoshikazu Nagai

Yoshikazu Nagai (永井 良和, born April 16, 1952 in Urawa, Saitama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player. He holds the record for most appearances in Japan Soccer League First Division. His son Shunta is also a footballer.
Nagai made 58 appearances for the Japan national football team from 1971 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20836419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836419" title="Basirhat subdivision">
Basirhat subdivision

Basirhat subdivision is a subdivision of the North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of three municipalities (Basirhat, Baduria and Taki) and ten community development blocks: Baduria, Basirhat–I, Basirhat–II, Haroa, Hasnabad, Hingalganj, Minakhan, Sandeshkhali–I and Sandeshkhali–II and Swarupnagar. The ten blocks contain one census town and 90 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Basirhat. 
Area.
Apart from the municipalities of Basirhat(www.basirhatmunicipality.in), Baduria and Taki, the subdivision contains one census town and rural areas of 90 gram panchayats under ten community development blocks: Baduria, Basirhat–I, Basirhat–II, Haroa, Hasnabad, Hingalganj, Minakhan, Sandeshkhali–I and Sandeshkhali–II and Swarupnagar. The only census town is: Dhanyakuria.
Blocks.
Baduria block.
Rural area under Baduria block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Aturia, Chatra, Jadurhati Uttar, Sayestanagar–II, Bagjola, Jagannathpur, Raghunathpur, Jadurhati Dakshin, Bajitpur, Jasikati Atghara, Ramchandrapur Uday, Chandipur, Nayabastia Milani and Sayestanagar–I. There is no urban area under this block. Baduria police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Baduria.
Basirhat–I block.
Rural area under Basirhat–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Gachha Akharpur, Itinda Panitore, Pifa, Sankchura Bagundi, Gotra, Nimdaria Kodalia and Sangrampur Shibati. There is no urban area under this block. Basirhat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Basirhat.
Basirhat–II block.
Rural area under Basirhat–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Begumpur Bibipur, Dhanyakuria, Kholapota, Ghorarash Kulingram, Rajendrapur, Chaita, Shrinagar Metia, Champapukur and Kachua. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Dhanyakuria. Basirhat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is Basirhat.
Haroa block.
Rural area under Haroa block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bakjuri, Haroa, Shalipur, Gopalpur–I, Khasbalanda, Sonapukur Sankarpur, Gopalpur–II and Kulti. There is no urban area under this block. Haroa police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Haroa.
Hasnabad block.
Rural area under Hasnabad block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Amlani, Bhabanipur–I, Hasnabad, Patlikhanpur, Barunhat Rameswarpur, Bhabanipur–II, Makhalgachha, Bhebia and Murarisha. There is no urban area under this block. Hasnabad police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hasnabad.
Minakhan block.
Rural area under Minakhan block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Atpukur, Chaital, Dhuturdaha, Minakhan, Bamanpukur, Champali, Kumarjole and Mohanpur. There is no urban area under this block. Minakhan and Haroa police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Minakhan.
Sandeshkhali–I block.
Rural area under Sandeshkhali–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bayermari–I, Kalinagar, Sarberia Agarhati, Bayermari–II, Nazat–I, Sehera Radhanagar, Hatgachhi and Nazat–II. There is no urban area under this block. Sandeshkhali police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Najata Hatkhali.
Sandeshkhali–IIblock.
Rural area under Sandeshkhali–II block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bermajur–I, Durgamandop, Khulna, Manipur, Bermajur–II, Jeliakhali, Korakati and Sandeshkhali. There is no urban area under this block. Sandeshkhali police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kumarjola.
Swarupnagar block.
Rural area under Swarupnagar block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Balti Nityanandakati, Bithari Hakimpur, Kaijuri, Swarupnagar Banglani, Charghat, Saguna, Bankra Gokulpur, Gobindapur, Sharapul Nirman and Tepur Mirzapur. There is no urban area under this block. Swarupnagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Swarupnagar.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Swarupnagar block and two gram panchayats under the Baduria block, viz. Ramchandrapur Uday and Sayestanagar–I, will form the Swarupnagar assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other twelve gram panchayats under the Baduria block, viz. Aturia, Bagjola, Bajitpur, Chandipur, Chhatra, Jadurhati Dakshin, Jadurhati Uttar, Jagannathpur, Jasikati Atghara, Nayabastia Milani, Raghunathpur and Sayestanagar–II, along with the Baduria municipality will form the Baduria assembly constituency. Four gram panchayats under the Haroa block, viz. Gopalpur–I, Gopalpur–II, Haroa and Khasbalanda, will be part of the area defining the Haroa assembly constituency. The other four gram panchayats of Haroa block, viz. Bakjuri, Shalipur,Sonapukur Sankarpur and Kulti, and the area under the Minakhan block will together form the Minakhan assembly constituency. Except the Khulna gram panchayat under the Sandeshkhali–II block, the whole area under the Sandeshkhali–I block and the Sandeshkhali–II block will together form the Sandeshkhali assembly constituency. The municipalities of Basirhat and Taki and the Basirhat–I block will together form the Basirhat Dakshin assembly constituency. The Basirhat–II block and four gram panchayats under the Hasnabad block, viz. Amlani, Bhebia, Makhalgachha and Murarisha, will together form the Basirhat Uttar assembly constituency. The other five gram panchayats under the Hasnabad block, viz. Bhabanipur–I, Hasnabad, Patlikhanpur, Barunhat Rameswarpur and Bhabanipur–II, the Khulna gram panchayat under the Sandeshkhali–II block, and the area under the Hingalganj block will together form the Hingalganj assembly constituency. The constituencies of Swarupnagar, Minakhan and Hingalganj will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates, whereas Sandeshkhali constituency will be reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST) candidates. Swarupnagar constituency will be a segment of the Bangaon (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates. The other seven constituencies will together form the Basirhat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20836422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836422" title="Spiropentadiene">
Spiropentadiene

Spiropentadiene, or bowtiediene, is a hydrocarbon with formula C5H4. The simplest spiro-connected cycloalkene, it is very unstable—decomposing even below −100 °C—due to its high bond strain and does not occur in nature. It was successfully synthesized in 1991 in the laboratory.
Synthesis.
Spiropentadiene was synthesised from bistrimethylsilylpropynone 1 by reaction with p-toluenesulfonylhydrazide to tosylhydrazone 2 followed by treatment with sodium cyanoborohydride to allene 3 and followed by two successive reactions with chlorocarbene generated from methyllithium and dichloromethane to spiro compound 5. Spiropentadiene was trapped in a liquid nitrogen trap after reaction with TBAF in a double elimination reaction.
Derivatives.
The derivative dichlorospiropentadiene has been reported. An all-silicon derivative (Si5 frame, (tBuMe2Si)3Si side groups) is also known. In contrast to the carbon parent this compound is stable with a melting point of 216 to 218 °C. The angle between the two rings as measured by X-ray single-crystal analysis is 78°.

</doc>
<doc id="20836424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836424" title="Monster Madhouse Live">
Monster Madhouse Live

Monster Madhouse is an American public-access television cable TV and Internet horror movie program. The show is hosted by horror host Karlos Borloff, played by Washington DC native Jerry Moore.
History.
"Monster Madhouse" debuted in 2006 as a featured group of monster hunters or "Monsterminators" led by Borloff (Moore).
For the first three years, Monster Madhouse was produced live from FCCTV studios in Falls Church, Virginia. The live show was also simulcast live on the Internet, making "Monster Madhouse Live" the first horror hosted movie program that was broadcast both live on television and the Internet as a simulcast event. The program shows are public domain films, "B" monster movies, and old black and white horror film from the 1960s and 1970s. New two hour episodes of Monster Madhouse are produced about every three weeks and syndicated out to a series of stations across the country, then is edited to a half hour 'magazine' shows and posted on Internet video sites such as Veoh and YouTube.
"Borloff" and the show were both featured in spring 2008 on the NBC show "The Tonight Show" by host Jay Leno with Borloff and a short MML clip being shown, and was featured in the 2009 documentaries "Virginia Creepers" and "Every Other Day is Halloween". The show has received two Telly Awards - in 2008 and in 2010.
Guests.
Filmmaker Lloyd Kaufman (2008) and professional wrestler Nikolai Volkoff (2010) have both appeared on the Monster Madhouse set, as well as guest appearances by other television horror hosts such as Count Gore DeVol, Dr. Sarcofiguy from Spooky Movie Television, Jebediah Buzzard from "Fright Time Funhouse," "Cinema Insomnia"'s Mr. Lobo and The Bone Jangler from Chicago. Bands, local personalities, and the general public are also encouraged to join the show, via an open door policy, and Borloff has interviewed and performed with many celebretities at Conventions and Film Festivals, like Tom Savini, Sid Haig and Herschell Gordon Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="20836452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836452" title="Overnight Success (Dave Dobbyn album)">
Overnight Success (Dave Dobbyn album)

Overnight Success (The Definitive Dave Dobbyn Collection 1979 – 1999) is a 1999 compilation album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. It won an award in the "Film soundtrack/cast recording/compilation" category at the New Zealand Music Awards in 2000, and charted at number 15 in the New Zealand Music Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20836455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836455" title="Collyweston stone slate">
Collyweston stone slate

Collyweston stone slate is a traditional roofing material found in England.
It is not a proper slate but a limestone found in narrow beds. The slates are quarried near the village of Collyweston in Northamptonshire, near Stamford and close to the borders of Lincolnshire and Rutland. It is considerably heavier than slate.

</doc>
<doc id="20836460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836460" title="Bangaon subdivision">
Bangaon subdivision

Bangaon subdivision is a subdivision of the North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Bangaon municipality and three community development blocks: Bagda, Bangaon and Gaighata. The three blocks contain two census towns and 38 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Bangaon.
Geography.
Ichamati River flows through the Bongaon Subdivision.
Area.
Apart from the Bangaon municipality, the subdivision contains two census towns and rural areas of 38 gram panchayats under three community development blocks: Bagda, Bangaon and Gaighata. The two census towns are: Sonatikiri and Dhakuria.
Blocks.
Bagdah block.
Rural area under Bagdah block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Asharu, Helencha, Malipota, Bagda, Koniara–I, Ranghat, Bayra, Koniara–II and Sindrani. There is no urban area under this block. Baduria police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bagdaha.
Bangaon block.
Rural area under Bangaon block consists of 16 gram panchayats, viz. Akaipur, Chhaighoria, Gangrapota, Kalupur, Bairampur, Dharam Pukuria, Ghatbour, Palla, Chawberia–I, Dighari, Gopalnagar–I, Sundarpur, Chawberia–II, Ganganandapur, Gopalnagar–II and Tengra. There is no urban area under this block. Basirhat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bangaon.
Gaighata block.
Rural area under Gaighata block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Chandpara, Fulsara, Jaleswar–II, Sutia, Dharmapur–I, Ichapur–I, Jhaudanga, Dharmapur–II, Ichapur–II, Ramnagar, Duma, Jaleswar–I and Shimulpur. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Sonatikiri and Dhakuria. Haroa police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chandrapara Bazar.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Bagda block and three gram panchayats under the Bangaon block, viz. Gangrapota, Sundarpur and Tengra, will form the Bagda assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Bangaon municipality and seven assembly constituencies under the Bongaon block, viz. Akaipur, Chhaighoria, Dharam Pukuria, Ganganandapur, Ghatbour, Gopalnagar–I and Gopalnagar–II, will form the Bangaon Uttar assembly constituency. The other six gram panchayats under the Bangaon block, viz. Bairampur, Chawberia–I, Chawberia–II, Dighari, Kalupur and Palla, along with six gram panchayats under the Gaighata block, viz. Chandpara, Duma, Fulsara, Jaleswar–II, Jhaudanga and Ramnagar, will form the Bangaon Dakshin assembly constituency. The other seven gram panchayats of Gaighata block, viz. Sutia, Dharmapur–I, Ichapur–I, Dharmapur–II, Ichapur–II, Jaleswar–I and Shimulpur, will be part of the area covered by the Gaighata assembly constituency. All the four constituencies will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. All of them will be part of the Bangaon (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20836471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836471" title="2009 AFC Champions League qualifying play-off">
2009 AFC Champions League qualifying play-off

The AFC Champions League 2009 qualifying play-off took place between 18 February 2009 and 25 February 2009. The winner in West Asia and East Asia Final advanced to the Group Stage.
West Asia.
"All times local"
East Asia.
"All times local"

</doc>
<doc id="20836480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836480" title="Adcole">
Adcole

Adcole Corporation is a Massachusetts-based manufacturer of precision testing and measuring instruments. Addison D. Cole founded the company in 1957. Adcole’s core clients come from the aerospace and automotive industries. The company is a subcontractor for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and satellite manufacturers. Sun angle sensors designed by Adcole have flown on numerous space exploration missions, including "Mars Pathfinder" and the "Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter". Automobile and truck engine makers as well as agricultural and construction equipment manufacturers utilize measuring machinesement tools from Adcole as well. The company is privately held and reported net sales of more than $30 million in fiscal year 2011.
History.
During World War II, Cole trained the Royal Air Force on the use of radar. He was also program manager of Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s airborne radar unit. Following the war, he helped launch the Laboratory for Electronics, a company that went public in 1957.
An engineer by trade, Cole saw the opportunities represented by the Space Race. He invented a sun angle sensor that helped rockets and satellites maintain their orientation in space. Cole’s invention, which space agencies use even today, provided the impetus behind the launch of Adcole in 1957.
Expansion.
A custom-designed facility for manufacturing, assembly and testing of gauges and other equipment was constructed in Marlborough, Massachusetts in 1983. Within five years, the company expanded the building to make room for 200 employees. A second plant in Pompano Beach, Florida produces high-precision spindles and other components used in Adcole gauges.
In recent years, Adcole has seen impressive sales growth in China and the Far East. The burgeoning auto and consumer markets in developing nations such as Thailand, Vietnam and India has buoyed the company’s already strong position in the market. In 2011, Adcole’s net income topped the $30 million mark, and the company had approximately 195120 employees on the payroll. The company has wholly owned offices in Recklinghausen, Germany (1977), Tokyo, Japan (1986), and Shanghai, China (2004).
Leadership.
Now in his 90s, Addison Cole has held the position of company CEO since its founding in 1957. He’s also the president and chairman of the board. Philip L. Rhodes is Vice President and the chief financial officer, J. Brooks Reece is Vice President of the Gaging Division, Thomas MacDonald is Vice President of Aerospace, and Stephen Corrado is Vice President of Engineering. They have all been with the company for more than 25 years.
Products.
Automotive.
The majority of engine manufacturers, large and small, employ Adcole measuring devices machines at some stage of the production process. Sophisticated gauges ensure that camshafts and crankshafts are within allowable tolerances for size and shape. The level of precision required in engine manufacturing is rigorous; Adcole gauges are reportedly accurate to within 10 12 millionths of an inch (0.25 micron). Precisely engineered engine parts ensure quiet and reliable operation.
Adcole has several models of camshaft and crankshaft gauges currently on the market. The "Model 1300 crankshaft gauge", released in 2007, is designed to provide fast and accurate readings within a production environment. Model 1300 has an automatic loading feature and can measure parts for roundness, size, timing angle and stroke. The unit can process 60 parts per hour.
The "Model 1310" is also designed with the factory floor in mind: The unit is capable of 200 measurements per hour. The "Model 1310" takes essential measurements of camshafts, integral components of internal combustion engines. 
Adcole provides camshaft and crankshaft inspection gages for hundreds companies within the automotive supply chain, including:
Looking forward, the driving force in the automobile market will be fuel efficiency and cleaner methods of production. Adcole has anticipated this need by striving for ever-greater accuracy and performance in its measurement products. Simultaneously, the growth of auto industries in developing nations, of which China and India are the premier examples, will drive demand for critical parts and equipment throughout the supply chain.
Government contracts.
Adcole technology has been an integral part of manned and unmanned spaceflight since the company’s inception. The company’s sun angle sensors are used on satellites to control the orientation of the vehicle. For most communication and reconnaissance satellites, a proper orientation is essential for nominal functioning. According to Vice President Tom MacDonald, every orbiting GPS satellite is equipped with a sun angle sensor from Adcole.
In 2012, Adcole sun sensor assemblies were used during NASA’a spacecraft cruise stage to deliver the Curiosity rover to Mars.

</doc>
<doc id="20836503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836503" title="Cryptocarya williwilliana">
Cryptocarya williwilliana

Cryptocarya williwilliana is a shrub or small rainforest tree and is commonly known as the Small Leaved Laurel. It is confined to dry rainforest on steep rocky limestone slopes or at the base of limestone cliffs. It grows in remote areas at an altitude of 250 to 800 metres in the Macleay River valley near Kempsey, Australia. Maximum height is around 6 metres.
The Small Leaved Laurel is considered rare, with a ROTAP rating of 2RCi. This plant has been described and studied by Bernie Hyland and Alexander Floyd.
The leaves are veiny, ovate and attractive, between 1.5 and 4 cm in diameter. Faintly scented white flowers form between October and January. A black drupe forms in late summer and early autumn. Germination from fresh seed is slow but reliable.

</doc>
<doc id="20836517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836517" title="List of media adaptations of Journey to the West">
List of media adaptations of Journey to the West

"Journey to the West", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature, was written in the 16th century and attributed to Wu Cheng'en. Stories and characters were widely used, especially in Beijing opera, and has been adapted many times in modern film, television, stage, and other media.

</doc>
<doc id="20836540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836540" title="Security Forces Headquarters – Jaffna">
Security Forces Headquarters – Jaffna

Security Forces Headquarters – Jaffna (SFHQ-J) is a regional command of the Sri Lanka Army, that is responsible for the operational deployment and command all army units stationed in and around the Jaffna Peninsula in the Northern Province, this includes several divisions and the independent brigades. It is the most senior of the five Security Forces Headquarters and the General Officer Commanding it is one of the most senior officers in the army, the post is designated as Commander Security Forces Headquarters - Jaffna. The current Commander SFHQ-J is Major General Mahinda Hathurusinghe. The SFHQ-J is based at the Palaly Military Base. It was the successor to the former pre-war "Northern Command".
Although it is primarily a command of the Sri Lanka Army, it coordinates operations and deployments of ground units of the Navy, Air Force and police with that of the army. The Sri Lanka Navy units in the Northern Province come under the Northern Naval Area Command and Sri Lanka Air Force units come under its own Northern Zonal Command. At certain times the an Overall Operations Commander (OOC) has been appointed with authority over all three commands and police units in the Jaffna Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20836549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836549" title="New York City teachers' strike of 1968">
New York City teachers' strike of 1968

The New York City teachers' strike of 1968 was a months-long confrontation between the new community-controlled school board in the largely black Ocean-Hill Brownsville section of Brooklyn and New York City’s United Federation of Teachers. The strike dragged on from May 1968 to November 1968, shutting down the public schools for a total of 36 days and increasing racial tensions between Blacks and Jews.
Thousands of New York City teachers went on strike in 1968 when the school board of Ocean Hill–Brownsville abruptly dismissed a set of teachers and administrators. The newly created school district, in a mostly Black neighborhood, was an experiment in community control over schools—the dismissed workers were almost all white and Jewish.
The United Federation of Teachers (UFT), led by Albert Shanker, demanded the teachers' reinstatement. At the start of the school year in 1968, the UFT held a strike that shut down New York City's public schools for nearly two months.
The strike pitted community against union, highlighting a conflict between local rights to self-determination and teachers' universal rights as workers. Although the school district itself was quite small, the outcome of its experiment had great significance because of its potential to alter the entire educational system—in New York City and elsewhere. As one historian wrote in 1972: "If these seemingly simple acts had not been such a serious threat to the system, it would be unlikely that they would produce such a strong and immediate response."
Background.
Brownsville.
From the 1880s through the 1960s, Brownsville was predominantly Jewish and politically radical. The Jewish population consistently elected Socialist and American Labor Party candidates to the state assembly and was a strong supporter of unionized labor and collective bargaining. Margaret Sanger chose Brownsville as the site of America's first birth control clinic because she knew the community would be supportive.
In 1940, Blacks made up 6% of Brownsville's population. By 1950, their numbers had doubled. Most of these new residents were poor and occupied the neighborhood's most undesirable housing. Although the neighborhood was racially segregated, there was more public mixing and solidarity among Blacks and Jews than could be found in most other neighborhoods.
Around 1960, the neighborhood underwent a rapid demographic shift. Citing increased crime and their desire for social mobility, Jews left Brownsville en masse, to be replaced by more Blacks and some Latinos. By 1970, Brownsville was 77% Black and 19% Puerto Rican. These changes corresponded to overall increases in segregation and inequality in New York City, as well as to the replacement of blue-collar with white-collar jobs.
The newly Black Brownsville neighborhood had few community institutions or economic opportunities. It lacked a middle class, and its residents did not own the businesses they relied upon.
Schools.
Despite the Supreme Court's 1954 Brown v. Board ruling against segregated schools, educational segregation in Brooklyn actually increased in the following years, due to segregationist districting and school construction. Some whites on the neighborhood's periphery lobbied with the school board against the building of a new school that would draw a racially diverse population. They were opposed by Blacks, Latinos, and pro-integration whites, but nevertheless succeeded in functionally limiting the new school's racial makeup.
In the years before the strike, Brownsville's schools had become extremely overcrowded, and students were attending in shifts. Junior High School 271, which became the nexus of the strike, was constructed in 1963 to accommodate Brownsville's expanding population of youth. The school's performance was low from the outset, with most students testing below grade level in reading and math, and few advancing to the city's network of elite high schools.
New York City's school system was controlled by the Central Board of Education, a notoriously large and centralized bureaucracy headquartered at 110 Livingston Street in Brooklyn. It became clear to activists in the 1960s that the Central School Board was uninterested in pursuing mandatory integration; their frustration led them away from desegregation and into the struggle for community control.
Teachers union.
Brownsville's teachers were members of the United Federation of Teachers (UFT), a new union Local that had recently displaced the more leftist Teachers' Union (TU). The TU, which contained active socialist and communist members campaigned actively for racial equality, desegregation, and other radical political goals.
The UFT held a philosophy of limited pluralism, according to which different cultures could maintain some individuality under the umbrella of an open democratic society. The union also championed individualist values and meritocracy. Some called its policies 'race-blind' because it preferred to frame issues in terms of class. The UFT contained a high proportion of Jews.
Membership in the American Federation of Teachers, the national union of which the UFT is a part, had increased dramatically during the 1960s, as had the rate of teachers' strikes.
Black schools and teachers.
The UFT's program for poor Black schools was called "More Effective Schools". Under this program class sizes would shrink and teachers would double or triple up for individual classes. Although the UFT expected this program to create goodwill among Blacks, it was challenged by the African-American Teachers Association (ATA; originally the Negro Teachers Association), a group whose founders in 1964 were also part of the UFT. The ATA felt that New York City's teachers and schools perpetuated a system of entrenched racism, and in 1966 it began campaigning actively for community control. The UFT opposed both involuntary assignment and extra incentives for experienced teachers to come to poor schools.
In 1967, the ATA opposed the UFT directly over the "disruptive child clause", a contract provision that allowed teachers to have children removed from classrooms and placed in special schools. The ATA argued that this provision exemplified and accelerated the system's overall racism. In the fall of 1967, the UFT held a two-week strike, seeking approval for the disruptive child clause; most of the ATA's members withdrew from the union. In February 1968, some ATA teachers helped to produce a tribute to Malcolm X that presented African music and dance, and glorified Black power; the UFT successfully asked that these teachers be disciplined.
Community control.
In the New York City school system, regulated by a civil service examination, only 8% of teachers and 3% of administrators were Black. Following Brown v. Board, 4000 students in Ocean Hill–Brownsville were bussed to white schools, where they complained of mistreatment. Faith in the controllers of the school system was sinking lower and lower.
Bolstered by the civil rights movement, but frustrated by resistance to desegregation, African Americans began to demand authority over the schools in which their children were educated. The ATA called for community-controlled schools, educating with a "Black value system" that emphasized "unity" and "collective work and responsibility" (as opposed to the "middle class" value of "individualism). Leftist white allies, including teachers from the recently eclipsed Teachers Union, supported these demands.
Mayor John Lindsay and wealthy business leaders, supported community control as a pathway to social stability.) When in 1967 the Bundy Panel, a creation of the Ford Foundation, recommended trying decentralization, the city decided to experiment in three areas—over the objections of some members of the white middle-classes, who disliked the ideological tendencies that black-controlled schools might embrace.
The New York City Board of Education established the Ocean Hill–Brownsville area of Brooklyn as one of three decentralized school districts created by the city. In July 1967, the Ford Foundation issued Ocean Hill–Brownsville a $44,000 grant. The new district operated under a separate, community-elected governing board with the power to hire administrators. If successful, the experiment could have led to city-wide decentralization. While the local Black population viewed it as empowerment against what it saw as an intransigent white bureaucracy, the teachers' union and other unions saw it as union busting—a reduction in the collective bargaining power of the union who would now have to deal with 33 separate, local bodies, rather than a central administration.
Rhody McCoy, the new superintendent of the board, began working as a substitute teacher in 1949. He worked in the city's public school system ever since, as a teacher and then principal of a special needs school. He told the "New York Times" he was gentle but ambitious, and eager to change schools for neglected children. Some described him as a militant follower of Malcolm X, and the UFT opposed the board's decision to appoint him in July 1967.
Curriculum and school environment.
Educational stratification in elementary schools was reduced. Fewer grades were issued, and one school abolished grade "levels" completely. The schools expanded the role of Black and African history and culture in the curriculum. Some schools began to teach Swahili and African counting. One school with a large number of Puerto Rican students became completely bilingual.
Reports on the 1967–1968 school year were generally positive. Visitors, students, and parents who supported the schools raved about the shift to student-focused education.
However, the district still relied on the school board for funding, and many of its requests (e.g., for a telephone and new library books) were reportedly met slowly if at all.
Teachers were taken aback by the level of control exercised by the school board, and many objected to the board's new policies concerning personnel and curriculum. The UFT opposed the new principals denounced the Ocean Hill–Brownsville curriculum, saying that awareness of one's racial heritage would not be helpful in the job market.
Personnel.
Once created, the new administration of Ocean-Hill Brownsville began to select principals from outside approved civil service list. The schools appointed a racially diverse set of five new principals—including New York City's first Puerto Rican principal—winning broad support from the community but angering some teachers.
In April 1968, the administration sought additional control over personnel, finance, and curriculum. When the city did not grant these powers, the district's parents initiated a boycott of the schools. The boycotts coincided with unrest due to the April 4 assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.
On May 9, 1968, the administration requested the transfer of 13 teachers and 6 administrators from Junior High School 271. The governing board accused these workers of attempting to sabotage the project. All received short letters similar to the following, sent to teacher Fred Nauman:
This unilateral decision violated the rules of the union's contract. The teachers were all white and mostly Jewish. One Black teacher included on the list, seemingly by accident, was quickly reinstated. In total, 83 workers were dismissed from the Ocean Hill–Brownsville district.
Parents in Brownsville generally supported the governing board. Outsiders appreciated the Black school board's attempt to regain control over its own school system.
Shanker called the dismissals "a kind of vigilante activity" and said the schools had neglected due process. The Board of Education urged the teachers to ignore the letters. Mayor John Lindsay issued a statement countermanding the district's decision and condemning "anarchy and lawlessness". The dismissals were also condemned by the American Jewish Congress.
Community actions and teacher strikes.
May.
When the teachers tried to return to the school, they were blocked by hundreds of community members and teachers who supported the administration's decision. One sign displayed in the window of the occupied school read, "Black people control your schools". (At the same time, other teachers were staying off the job as per UFT instructions.)
On 15 May, 300 police officers, including at least 60 in plainclothes, cordoned off the school (making five arrests), effectively breaking the parent blockade and allowing the teachers to return. The city's Board of Education and the Ocean Hill–Brownsville board both announced on the same day that the schools would close.
On 22–24 May, 350 UFT members stayed out of school in protest. On June 20, these 350 strikers were also dismissed by the governing board. Under the terms of the decentralization agreement, the teachers were returned to the control of the New York City public school system, where they sat idle in the school district offices.
September through November.
A series of city-wide strikes at the start of the 1968 school year shut down the public schools for a total of 36 days. The union defied the new Taylor Law to go out on strike, and more than a million students were not able to attend school during strike days.
On 9 September 1968 93% of the city's 58,000 teachers walked out. They agreed to return on September 11 after the Board of Education ordered the reinstatement of the dismissed teachers, but walked out again on September 13, once it became clear that the Board could not enforce this decision.
Reactions from Black leadership.
The NAACP announced support for the strike even though community control deviated from the official integrationist agenda.
The strike did have support from Black leaders Bayard Rustin and A. Philip Randolph, who had gained prominence in the labor movement as well as within the civil rights movement. Rustin and Randolph were shunned from the black community due to their position.
Dissent within the UFT.
Not all UFT teachers supported the strike, and some actively opposed it. A statistical study published in 1974 found that teachers—white and Black—of Black students were significantly more likely to oppose the strike. A coalition of Black and Puerto Rican UFT members, supported by members of other local unions, released a statement supporting Ocean Hill–Brownsville and opposing the strike.
Effect on schools.
In Ocean Hill–Brownsville.
Students and teachers returned to a chaotic atmosphere in the fall. Classes were held despite UFT picket lines outside.
In fact schools ran more smoothly in the Ocean Hill–Brownsville neighborhood than elsewhere, due to the fact that system was less reliant on the striking teachers and keys to the buildings. The board hired new teachers to replace the strikers, including many local Jews, who publicly contradicted claims that the district was antisemitic. Test scores in these schools improved (in a year where almost every other school's scores declined due to the strike.
When the original teachers were restored to their posts at JHS 271, students refused to attend their classes. New York School Superintendent Bernard E. Donovan attempted to close schools in the district and to remove McCoy and most of the principals. When they refused to vacate their positions, Donovan called in the police.
In New York City at large.
Striking teachers were in and out of school during the first weeks of the year, affecting over one million students.
Superintendent Donovan ordered many schools locked; in many places, people smashed windows and broke locks to re-enter their school buildings (sealed by union janitors sympathetic to the strike). Some camped on school grounds overnight to prevent further lockouts by janitors and custodians. Some were arrested on trespassing charges.
Other parents sent their children to Ocean Hill–Brownsville because the schools there were operational. Most of these outside students were Black but some were white; some came long distances to attend the community–controlled schools.
Racism and antisemitism.
Shanker was routinely branded a racist, and many African-Americans accused the UFT of being 'Jewish-dominated'. A Puerto Rican group in the Ocean Hill–Brownsville neighborhood burnt Shanker in effigy.
Shanker and some Jewish groups attributed the original firing of the teachers to antisemitism. During the strike, the UFT distributed an official pamphlet called "Preaching Violence Instead of Teaching Children in Ocean Hill-Brownsville", citing a lesson that advocated Black separatism.
Some members of the school community, as well as the New York Civil Liberties Union, accused Shanker of playing up antisemitism to win sympathy and support. Some of the rhetoric surrounding the strike may have been a self-fulfilling prophecy, crystallizing Black antisemitism where it had not solidly existed.
70% of the district's new hires were white, and half of these were Jewish.
Resolution.
The strike ended on November 17, 1968, when the New York State Education Commissioner asserted state control over the Ocean Hill–Brownsville district. The dismissed teachers were reinstated, three of the new principals were transferred, and the trusteeship ran the district for four months.
The conflict at Ocean Hill–Brownsville smoldered after the end of the strike. Eight people charged with harassing strikers counter-sued the city, alleging that law enforcement had been discriminatory and excessive. In 1969 some charged that the schools underwent "a purge of militant black teachers". When school opened in September 1969, the school district shut itself down for a day in protest of new regulations that deprived it further of autonomy.
Aftermath.
Shanker emerged from the strike a figure of national prominence. He was jailed for 15 days in February 1969 for sanctioning the strikes, in contravention of New York's Taylor Law. The Ocean Hill–Brownsville district lost direct control over its schools; other districts never gained control over their schools.
The UFT crippled the ATA during the 1970s through a lawsuit, filed under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, accusing the ATA of excluding white teachers. The UFT also sought to cut off the ATA's sources of funding and remove its leaders from the school system.
Residents of Brownsville continued to feel neglected by the city, and in 1970 some staged the "Brownsville Trash Riots". When the schools agreed to impose a standardized reading test in 1971, its scores had fallen.
The strike badly divided the city and became known as one of John Lindsay's "Ten Plagues". Scholars have agreed with Shanker's assessment that "the whole alliance of liberals, blacks and Jews broke apart on this issue. It was a turning point in this way." The strike created a serious rift between white liberals, who supported the teachers' union, and Blacks who wanted community control. The strike made it clear that these groups, previously allied in the struggle for civil rights and the labor movement, would sometimes come into conflict. According to historian Jerald Podair, it also pushed New York's Jewish population into accepting an identity of whiteness, further polarizing race relations in the city. He argues that the shift in coalitions after the 1968 strike pushed New York City to the political right for decades to come—in part because race came to eclipse class as the main axis of social conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="20836550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836550" title="Hod Lipson">
Hod Lipson

Hod Lipson is an American robotics engineer. He is the director of Cornell University's Creative Machines Lab (CCML), formerly known as Computational Synthesis Lab (CCSL), at the Sibley School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering. Lipson's work focuses on evolutionary robotics, design automation, rapid prototyping, artificial life, and creating machines that can demonstrate some aspects of human creativity.
Biography.
Lipson received his Mechanical Engineering PhD in 1998 from Technion Israel Institute of Technology. Before joining the faculty of Cornell in 2001, he was a postdoctoral researcher at Brandeis University's Computer Science Department and a Lecturer at MIT's Mechanical Engineering Department.
Research.
Lipson has been involved with machine learning and presented his "self-aware" robot at the 2007 TED conference.
Beginning in 2009, he and his Cornell University graduate student Michael Schmidt developed software named Eureqa capable of deriving equations, mathematical relationships and laws of nature from sets of data: for instance, deriving Newton's second law of motion from a data set of positions and velocities of a double pendulum. In 2011, it was reported that Eureqa had succeeded at a much more complex task: re-deriving seven equations describing how levels of various chemical compounds fluctuate in oxygen-deprived yeast cells.
Lipson has been involved with teams that have created a number of machines including:

</doc>
<doc id="20836551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836551" title="Yanshan County, Jiangxi">
Yanshan County, Jiangxi

Yanshan (铅山) is a county in Shangrao Municipality, in north-eastern Jiangxi province.
Situation.
It borders Hengfeng County to the north, Shangrao County to the east, Wannian County and Guixi City (in Yingtan) to the west and Wuyishan City and Guangze County (both in Nanping, FJ) to the south.
Waterways.
Hekou town sits on the Xinjiang River (信江), a tributary to Boyang Lake in the lower Yangzi River watershed.
Administration.
The county seat, by Chinese convention often also called Yanshan, is at Hekou town (河口镇).

</doc>
<doc id="20836564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836564" title="Pat Rice (baseball)">
Pat Rice (baseball)

Patrick Edward Rice (born November 2, 1963 in Rapid City, South Dakota) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners ().
From -, Rice was the pitching coach for the Low-A Wisconsin Timber Rattlers in the Mariners organization. He was the pitching coach for Orlando in and New Haven in (both Double-A). From -, he was the minor league pitching coordinator for the Mariners. He left the Mariners' organization in to become the pitching coach for the Single-A San Jose Giants in the San Francisco Giants organization. On December 15, 2008, he was announced as the pitching coach for Triple-A Fresno.
Left the SF Giants after 2013 season & was hired on with Los Angeles Angels organization & has been name pitching coach for their Double A Arkansas Travelers..

</doc>
<doc id="20836569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836569" title="Barrackpore subdivision">
Barrackpore subdivision

Barrackpore subdivision is a subdivision of the North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of sixteen municipalities (Kanchrapara, Halisahar, Naihati, Bhatpara, Garulia, Barrackpore, North Barrackpur, New Barrackpur, Titagarh, Khardaha, Panihati, Kamarhati, Baranagar, Dum Dum, North Dumdum and South Dumdum), one Cantonment Board (Barrackpur Cantonment), one census town (Ichhapur Defence Estate) and two community development blocks: Barrackpore–I and Barrackpore–II. These two blocks contain nine census towns and 14 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Barrackpore. 
Area.
Apart from the municipalities of Kanchrapara, Halisahar, Naihati, Bhatpara, Garulia, Barrackpore, North Barrackpur, New Barrackpur, Titagarh, Khardaha, Panihati, Kamarhati, Baranagar, Dum Dum, North Dumdum and South Dumdum, and one cantonment board (Barrackpur Cantonment) and one census town (Ichhapur Defence Estate), the subdivision contains nine census towns and rural areas of 14 gram panchayats under two community development blocks: Barrackpore–I and Barrackpore–II. The ten census towns are: Ichhapur Defence Estate, Jetia, Garshyamnagar, Kaugachhi, Jafarpur, Talbandha, Muragachha, Patulia, Ruiya and Chandpur. The only cantonment board is: Barrackpur Cantonment.
Blocks.
Barrackpore–I block.
Rural area under Barrackpore–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Jethia, Kowgachi–I, Majhipara–Palasi, Panpur–Keutia, Kampa–Chakla, Kowgachi–II, Mamudpur and Shibdaspur. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Jetia, Garshyamnagar and Kaugachhi. Bijpur, Naihati, Jagatdal and Noapara police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Narayanpur.
Barrackpore–II block.
Rural area under Barrackpore–II block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Bandipur, Bilkanda–II, Patulia, Bilkanda–I, Mohanpur and Sewli. Urban area under this block consists of six census towns: Jafarpur, Talbandha, Muragachha, Patulia, Ruiya and Chandpur. Titagarh, Kharda and Ghola police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Karna Madhabpur.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the municipalities of Kanchrapara and Halisahar will constitute the Bijpur assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Naihati municipality and four gram panchayats under the Barrackpore–I block, viz. Jethia, Kampa–Chakla, Majhipara–Palasi and Shibdaspur, will together form the Naihati assembly constituency. Wards 1–17 of the Bhatpara municipality will form the Bhatpara assembly constituency. Wards 18–35 of the Bhatpara municipality along with four gram panchayats under the Barrackpore–I block, viz. Kowgachi–I, Panpur–Keutia, Kowgachi–II and Mamudpur, will together form the Jagatdal assembly constituency. The Noapara assembly constituency will be form by the area covered by the municipalities of North Barrackpur and Garulia, and the Ichhapur Defence Estate census town, Barrackpur Cantonment and two gram panchayats under the Barrackpore–II block, viz. Mohanpur and Sewli. The municipalities of Barrackpur and Titagarh will together form the Barrackpur assembly constituency. The area covered by Khardaha assembly constituency will consist of Khardaha municipality, wards 15, 18–21, 35 of the Panihati municipality, and four gram panchayats under the Barrackpore–II block, viz. Bandipur, Bilkanda–I, Bilkanda–II and Patulia. The municipalities of North Dum Dum and New Barrackpore will together form the Dum Dum Uttar assembly constituency. Wards 1–14, 16, 17, 22–34 of the Panihati municipality will form the Panihati assembly constituency. Wards 1–16 and 21–35 of the Kamarhati municipality will form the Kamarhati assembly constituency. The other four wards of the Kamarhati municipality, 17–20, will form the Baranagar assembly constituency along with the area covered by the Baranagar municipality. Wards 1–17 of the South Dum Dum municipality and the area covered by Dum Dum municipality together will form the Dum Dum assembly constituency. Wards 19, 20 and 28–35 of South Dum Dum municipality will be part of the area under the Bidhannagar assembly constituency, whereas the wards 18, 21–27 of this municipality will be part of the Rajarhat Gopalpur assembly constituency. The assembly constituencies of Bijpur, Naihati, Bhatpara, Jagatdal, Noapara and Barrackpur will be segments of the Barrackpur (Lok Sabha constituency). The constituencies of Khardaha, Dum Dum Uttar, Panihati, Kamarhati, Baranagar, Dum Dum and Rajarhat Gopalpur will form the Dum Dum (Lok Sabha constituency). The Bidhannagar assembly constituency will be a segment of the Barasat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20836583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836583" title="Allan Quatermain and the Temple of Skulls">
Allan Quatermain and the Temple of Skulls

Allan Quatermain and the Temple of Skulls is a 2008 direct-to-DVD adventure film created by American studio The Asylum. The film follows the adventures of explorer Allan Quatermain, and was filmed entirely on location in South Africa. 
Overview.
The film was released shortly after the premiere of "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull", and whilst the film contains some elements similar to "Crystal Skull" (Quatermain himself resembles Indiana Jones on the DVD cover), the film itself is a loose adaptation of the novel "King Solomon's Mines" by H. Rider Haggard.
Plot.
The story follows the adventurer Allan Quatermain, who has been recruited to lead a British-American expedition in search of a fabled treasure deep within unexplored Africa.
Throughout the film, Quatermain must avoid hidden dangers, violent natives and other unseen traps during their quest for the treasure of the Temple of Skulls, travelling by train, river and air to reach his goal, while being pursued by rival treasure-seekers and unfriendly natives who wish to sabotage his expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="20836585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836585" title="Security Forces Headquarters – Wanni">
Security Forces Headquarters – Wanni

Security Forces Headquarters – Wanni (SFHQ-W) is a regional command of the Sri Lanka Army, that is responsible for the operational deployment and command all army units stationed in and around the southern part or the Wanni region of the Northern Province, this includes several divisions and the independent brigades. Currently due to ongoing combat operations it is the largest command in the country. It is one of the five Security Forces Headquarters and the General Officer Commanding it is one of the most senior officers in the army, the post is designated as Commander Security Forces Headquarters - Wanni. The current Commander SFHQ-W is Major General Kamal Gunaratne. The SFHQ-W is based at the defense complex at Vavuniya.
Although it is primary a command of the Sri Lanka Army it coordinates operations and deployments of ground units of the Navy, Air Force and police with that of the army in that area. The Sri Lanka Navy units in the Northern Province come under the North Central Naval Area Command and Sri Lanka Air Force units come under its own Northern Zonal Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20836593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836593" title="David Faiman">
David Faiman

David Faiman (born 1944 in the United Kingdom) is an Israeli engineer and physicist. He is a world expert on solar power. He is the director of the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center and Chairman of the Department of Solar Energy & Environmental Physics at Ben-Gurion University's Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research in Sde Boker.
Background.
Faiman attended the University of London and received his Ph.D from the University of Illinois in 1969. In September 1973 Faiman immigrated to Israel (made "aliyah") from the U.K. two weeks before the start of the Yom Kippur War. He worked at the Weizmann Institute as a theoretical physicist until Amos Richmond recruited him to assist in the founding of the Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Sde Boker. In 1976, Faiman joined Ben-Gurion University and helped establish the Blaustein Institutes; he then began to focus his research into the field of applied solar energy. He became a tenured professor at Ben-Gurion University in 1995. He is Professor of Physics and Chairman of the Department of Solar Energy & Environmental Physics at the Blaustein Institutes.
Faiman lives in Sde Boker, Israel, in a passive solar house where all heating and cooling needs are taken care of by the sun.
Career.
Faiman's work attempts to use concentrated sunlight and a solar panel to produce more electricity than believed possible. He and his team designed a reflector that concentrates light so strongly that it can burn organic material, and then directs it at a solar panel that collects and converts it into electricity twice as efficiently as standard panels. Faiman's team feels this discovery is a way to mass-produce solar energy to be cost competitive with fossil fuels. On National Public Radio, Faiman claimed that his team was able to derive 1,500 watts of electric power from a four-inch-by-four-inch module. They have reportedly teamed with Israeli start-up company Zenith Solar to build a prototype. Faiman is an adviser to the company.
He is Israel's representative to the Task 8 Photovoltaic Specialist Committee of the International Energy Agency and co-authored their book, "Energy from the Desert: Practical Proposals for Very Large Scale Photovoltaic Systems" (James & James, London, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20836601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836601" title="Security Forces Headquarters – East">
Security Forces Headquarters – East

Security Forces Headquarters – East (SFHQ-E) is a regional command of the Sri Lanka Army, that is responsible for the operational deployment and command all army units stationed in and around the Eastern Province, this includes several divisions and the independent brigades. It is one of the five Security Forces Headquarters and the General Officer Commanding it is one of the most senior officers in the army, the post is designated as Commander Security Forces Headquarters – East. The current Commander SFHQ-E is a Major General . 
The Security Forces Headquarters – East is based in Minneriya.
Although it is primary a command of the Sri Lanka Army it coordinates operations and deployments of ground units of the Navy, Air Force and police with that of the army in that area. The Sri Lanka Navy units in the Eastern Province come under the Eastern Naval Area Command and Sri Lanka Air Force units come under its own Eastern Zonal Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20836607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836607" title="Franklinford, Victoria">
Franklinford, Victoria

Franklinford is a small community in the Central Highlands of Victoria, Australia, located in the Shire of Hepburn. It was the site chosen by Edward Stone Parker to build the Loddon Aboriginal Protectorate station at Franklinford in January 1841 which was an important focus of the Dja Dja Wurrung people from 1841 until they were forcible resettled in 1864. It is located on the Midland Highway.
History.
Loddon Aboriginal Protectorate Station.
Mount Franklin was the territory of the Gunangara Gundidj clan of the Dja Dja Wurrung. Ethnographical and archaeological evidence indicates that frequent large ceremonial gatherings took place in the area. 
In January 1841 Parker selected a site on the northern side of Mount Franklin on Jim Crow Creek with permanent spring water. The site was chosen with the support of The Dja Dja Wurrung as well as Crown Lands Commissioner Frederick Powlett. Approval for the site was given in March, and a large number of Dja Dja Wurrung accompanied Parker there in June 1841 when the station was established on William Mollison's Coliban run, where an outstation hut already existed. This became known as the Loddon Aboriginal Protectorate Station at Franklinford, and the area was known to the Dja Dja Wurrung as "Larne-ne-barramul" or the "habitat of the emu". Nearby Mount Franklin was known as Lalgambook.
A Homestead, church, school and several out buildings were initially constructed. Franklinford provided a very important focus for the Dja Dja Wurrung during the 1840s where they received a measure of protection and rations, but they continued with their traditional cultural practices and semi-nomadic lifestyle as much as they could. At times over 200 aborigines congregated at Franklinford.
The protectorate ended on 31 December 1848, with about 20 or 30 Dja Dja Wurrung living at the station at that time. Parker and his family remained living at Franklinford. Six Dja Dja Wurrung men and their families settled at Franklinford, but all but one died from misadventure or respiratory disease. Tommy Farmer was the last survivor of this group who walked off the land in 1864 and joined the Coranderrk reserve.
The Aboriginal Protectorate school at Franklinford was closed in February 1864, with the children and families forcibly resettled at Coranderrk Reserve.
On 26 May 2004 Susan Rankin, a Dja Dja Wurrung elder peacefully reoccupied crown land at Franklinford in central Victoria, calling her campsite the "Going Home Camp". Rankin asked the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment to produce documents proving that the Crown has the right to occupy these lands. According to the 2 June 2004 Daylesford Advocate, local DSE officers admitted they "cannot produce these documents and doubt that such documents exist".
Franklinford Common School.
Franklinford Common School was built in the mid-1860s, with the Franklinford Hall listed on the Victorian Heritage list, as one of the few schools of its kind still surviving in its original rural setting. The hall received funding for essential repairs and Maintenaince from the Victorian State Government in December 2008.
Franklinford Post Office opened on 15 February 1859 and closed in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20836608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836608" title="Pierre Hélé">
Pierre Hélé

Pierre Hélé (born 1946) is a Cameroonian politician, currently serving in the government of Cameroon as Minister of the Environment and the Protection of Nature. He was a member of the government from 1979 to 1984 and has again served in the government since 1997.
Political career.
A member of the Mundang ethnic group, Hélé is a Catholic from the Far North Province of Cameroon and was born in Lara. He was head of the Personnel Department at the Ministry of Equipment, Housing, and Domains from 1974 to 1975 and Deputy Account Director at the Ministry of Finance from 1975 to 1977. Subsequently he was a research officer at the Bank of Central African States from 1977 to 1979 and was appointed to the government as Deputy Minister of Finance in November 1979. Hélé was promoted to the position of Minister of National Education on 4 February 1984, but following the April 1984 coup attempt against President Paul Biya, he was dismissed from the government on 7 July 1984. He then took an administrative post at the University of Yaoundé.
Hélé returned to politics in the early 1990s, becoming a member of the National Union for Democracy and Progress (UNDP), an opposition party prominent in the north and led by Maigari Bello Bouba. He was included on the UNDP Central Committee, and at the time of the 1992 elections he worked to persuade the Mundang to vote for the UNDP. He later joined the government along with UNDP President Bello Bouba on 7 December 1997, becoming Minister of Urban Planning and Housing. Subsequently he was moved to the post of Minister of Tourism on 18 March 2000.
Hélé left the UNDP in May 2002 and joined the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (CPDM), complaining that Bello Bouba was mismanaging the party. He remained a member of the government and was moved to the position of Minister of the Environment and the Protection of Nature on 8 December 2004.
Explaining his ministry's 2008 draft budget—which had increased from the previous year's budget—in the National Assembly on 27 November 2007, Hélé said that he intended to pursue measures that would deter environmental harm through fines and taxes and increase pollution control in the cities. He also said that the ministry planned to establish "a climate change watchdog".

</doc>
<doc id="20836615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836615" title="T. N. Gopakumar">
T. N. Gopakumar

T. N. Gopakumar (b. 1957) is an Indian journalist. He is presently the Editor in Chief, Asianet News. Gopakumar is the producer and anchorperson of the popular weekly programme "Kannadi" on Asianet. He has many awards and accolades to his credit, including the Kerala Sahithya Academy Award for his book "Suchindrum Rekhakal". He is also a main choice of mimicry artists in Kerala, due to his older looking skin and high bass voice.

</doc>
<doc id="20836634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836634" title="Brian Snyder">
Brian Snyder

Brian Robert Snyder (born February 20, 1958) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners and Oakland Athletics.
Snyder resides in Northern Virginia and runs a pitching workout for players in Fairfax County. He mentored Bobby Wahl while Wahl attended high school. Snyder is the father of Boston Red Sox third baseman Brandon Snyder.

</doc>
<doc id="20836637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836637" title="William Webb (rower)">
William Webb (rower)

William Charles Webb (21 January 1880 – 2 October 1960) was the first New Zealander to hold the Professional World Sculling Championship Title. He was also known as “Bill” or “Billy Webb”.
Early life.
He was born at Lyttelton, the port of Christchurch, New Zealand, on 21 January 1880 and was educated at the local schools. In his youth he was a natural athlete being prominent in running and cycling but he turned his attention to rowing. He won various amateur events between 1896 and 1905/06 not only in single sculls but also in doubles and fours. In his last season as an amateur he won the Champion Single Sculls and the Champion Double Sculls events at Picton, and later the Senior Single Sculls at Wanganui, and thus he was the amateur New Zealand Champion. By this time Webb had moved to Wanganui to live and he spent the rest of his life there. After winning the amateur events he decided to turn professional.
Professional Sculling - NZ Champion.
His first professional race was for the Championship of New Zealand against James Stanbury, an Australian who was five times World Champion from 1891 to 1896 and again from 1905 to mid 1906. The race was run on the Whanganui River, New Zealand, on 26 December 1906 with a purse of £200 a side. Stanbury was nearing the end of his racing career and put up a good row but was well beaten by Webb in a time of 18m.50s for the three mile course. See also New Zealand Sculling Championship.
World Champion.
Webb then challenged Charles Towns, the World Title holder, to a match and £500 a side stake. Charles Towns of Australia had become the holder after his brother, George Towns, had forfeited the Title to him. The Webb race was the first defence for Charles Towns. This race took place on the Parramatta River, Sydney, Australia, on the 2 August 1907. Webb won by five lengths and was declared World Champion by the umpire, despite a protest by Towns regarding an alleged foul by Webb, which would have lost him the race. Not all commentators agreed with the umpire as some thought Webb should have lost the race because of the foul. However as there was no controlling body for the World Title, nor for most other professional sports, the ruling stood.
First Defence.
Webb returned home to New Zealand to a huge welcome. His first challenge came from Richard Tresidder, an Australian, and the usual £500 a side stake was agreed to. This race was set down for 25 February 1908 on the Whanganui River over a distance of about three and a quarter miles. This was the first race ever held in New Zealand for the World Championship and Webb crossed the line three lengths ahead, and in a time of 20m.28s to undisputedly be the Champion of the World.
The 1908 World Title race was commemorated in December 2008 when Olympic champion Olaf Tufte defeated three time World Champion Mahé Drysdale and wild card race winner Hamish Bond on New Zealand's Whanganui River to take home the $5000 cash prize. (source http://www.row2k.com/features/features.cfm?action=read&id=386). The race as since been competed for annually under the title of "The Billy Webb Challenge."
Championship Loss.
The next challenge came from fellow New Zealander Richard Arnst with the stake at £500 a side. The sum of £500 would be the amount of money earned over several years by a working man at the time. The match was held on the Whanganui River on 15 December 1908 and Arnst won by eight or ten lengths. A rematch between Arnst and Webb was arranged for 22 June 1909 on the same course. A fast time of 18m.15s was recorded by Arnst who again won, this time by two to three lengths.
Webb was involved in several smaller races after this but it was not until 26 December 1910 that his next major professional race took place. No title was involved but the stake was £200 a side. This race was held on the Whanganui River and was against the Australian Champion Harry Pearce. He was a formidable rower, having defeated a record five challenges in the previous year for his Australian Title. Pearce won the race by two lengths despite the best efforts of Webb. Pearce was later an unsuccessful challenger for the World Championship.
Later Races & Events.
Webb’s final professional race was for the Championship of New Zealand. He had previously been the holder of this title but during his time as World Champion he had forfeited it to another rower as he was unwilling to risk a loss for a lesser title. His opponent for this next race was another New Zealander, Pat Hannan. The race was run on the Whanganui River on the 24 of September 1915 and the stake was £200 a side. Webb was a comfortable winner this time. Hannan was later an unsuccessful challenger for the World Championship.
The First World War precluded any further professional matches and when the war was over Webb retired as the undefeated Professional New Zealand Single Sculls Champion.
Throughout his life Webb continued to row for pleasure and also gave exhibition rows and was always willing to help young rowers who sought his assistance. He was well remembered and well thought of in his home of Wanganui where a street is named after him. Webb died on 2 October 1960. He was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame in September 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20836642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836642" title="Jacques Gernet">
Jacques Gernet

Jacques Gernet (born December 22, 1921, Algiers, French Algeria) is an eminent French sinologist of the second half of the 20th century. His best-known work is "The Chinese Civilization", a 900 page summary of Chinese history and civilization which has been translated into many languages.
Biography.
Gernet obtained a degree in classics at Algiers in 1942, then served in World War II from 1942-1945. In 1947 he received his degree in Chinese from the National School of Oriental Languages, and in 1948 from the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes (EPHE). He then became a member of the French School of the Far East, before being a researcher at CNRS and Scholar of the Yomiuri Shimbun in Japan. He received his Doctor of Letters in 1956. 
From 1955–1976 Gernet served as director of studies at the EPHE, VIe section, then at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales. He taught Chinese language and culture at the Faculty of Arts from the Sorbonne in 1957, first as a lecturer, then as professor from 1959. In 1968 he founded the Unit of teaching and research of languages and civilizations of East Asia (University of Paris-VII), and was its director until 1973. He entered the Collège de France, where he was chair in social and intellectual history of China (1975–1992).
On 8 June 1979 Gernet was elected a member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres. He is also a chevalier of the Légion d'honneur and commander of the "Ordre des Palmes académiques". 
Publications.
† Translated into English.

</doc>
<doc id="20836649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836649" title="Olga Jensch-Jordan">
Olga Jensch-Jordan

Olga Jensch-Jordan (née Jordan, March 13, 1913 – February 22, 2000) was a German diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Nuremberg and died in Berlin.
In 1932 she finished fourth in the 3 metre springboard event.
Four years later she finished fifth in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20836650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836650" title="Chatham Kaka">
Chatham Kaka

The Chatham Kaka, or Chatham Island Kākā ("Nestor" sp.) is an undescribed parrot species previously found on the Chatham Islands, New Zealand. The first individuals were thought to belong to the Kākā ("Nestor meridionalis"), but detailed examination of the subfossil bones showed that they actually belong to a separate endemic species. The species became extinct within the first 150 years of the arrival of the Polynesians around 1550, long before any European settlers. No skins or descriptions are available.
Taxonomy.
The Chatham Kaka is assigned to the genus "Nestor" in the family Nestoridae, a small group of parrot species native to New Zealand. It is considered to have been more closely related to the Kākā ("Nestor meridionalis") and the extinct Norfolk Kaka ("Nestor productus") than to the Kea ("Nestor notabilis").
Ecology.
The Chatham Kaka was a forest dwelling species of about the same size as the North Island subspecies of the Kākā, "Nestor meridionalis septentrionalis". It had no natural predators (it was bigger than the Kārearea, or New Zealand Falcon) and, as is often observed with such island endemics, it is believed to have been a poor flyer.

</doc>
<doc id="20836674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836674" title="Ingrid Larsen">
Ingrid Larsen

Ingrid Larsen (later "Sabroe", 12 July 1912 – 18 February 1997) was a Danish diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Rudkøbing.
In 1932 she finished fifth in the 10 metre platform event and eighth in the 3 metre springboard competition.
She married Povl Sabroe on 10 February 1945 with whom she had two sons. Larsen died on 18 February 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20836698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836698" title="Ingeborg Sjöqvist">
Ingeborg Sjöqvist

Ingeborg Maria Sjöqvist-Ingers (born 19 April 1912) is a Swedish diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Kalmar. In 1932 she finished fourth in the 10 metre platform event in Los Angeles, where she was the only female member of Sweden's national team. Four years later she finished ninth in the 10 metre platform competition.
Later in life she recalled that because her home town's diving board was 3m shorter than regulation she had to stand on a built-up scaffold to train for her 10m event in Los Angeles.
She turned 100 in April 2012 and is Sweden's oldest living former Olympian.

</doc>
<doc id="20836701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836701" title="Kukrail Reserve Forest">
Kukrail Reserve Forest

Kukrail Reserve Forest (, ) is located about 9 km from Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
Brief history.
Kukrail Reserve Forest is located in Indranagar adjacent to Shivpuri colony on picnic spot road. It a good sight seeing place and if you are amazed with crocodiles and natural beauty this is a perfect place for you to visit.
In Uttar Pradesh, crocodiles are found in the Ramganga, Suheli, Girwa and Chambal rivers. The female crocodile lays eggs in April by digging holes on the river banks. The young crocodiles hatch in a period of 60 to 80 days.
The idea of setting up a breeding center for the endangered Crocodile species came after a study by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, UNO in 1975 which estimated that there were only 300 crocodile left in the open rivers of Uttar Pradesh. 
Center at Kukrail came up in the year 1978, which was funded by the Uttar Pradesh forest department in collaboration Ministry of Environment and Forests India. This effort marked the beginning of state government's efforts towards conservation of crocodiles at a time when only 300 of them had been left.
Conservation efforts.
Apart from breeding crocodiles in the park, Crocodile eggs are also collected from the amganga, Suheli, Girwa and Chambal river banks. When young crocodiles come out of these eggs after artificial hatching at the center, they are fed and looked after till they become capable of defending themselves against other predators. The young crocodiles are then released into the waters of Chambal, River Sharda, Ghaghra, Girwa, Ramganga and Ganges rivers.
This program has contributed to the rapid improvement in the gharial's status not only in Uttar Pradesh but also in the neighboring states of Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. In fact, the captive-breeding program for gharial is one of the two such successful wildlife conservation programs in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20836726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836726" title="December Song (I Dreamed of Christmas)">
December Song (I Dreamed of Christmas)

"December Song (I Dreamed of Christmas)" is a Christmas single released by George Michael on December 14, 2009. The track was originally announced during one of the last dates on Michael's 25 Live tour. It was available for free on George Michael's official website on December 25–26, 2008. 
The track was written by George Michael and longtime writing partner David Austin.
During the Gerry Ryan show, David Austin confirmed that the song had originally been written with the Spice Girls in mind. After a few failed deadlines, the song was going to be given to Michael Bublé but George Michael decided to keep it for himself. 
The song features a sample from the Frank Sinatra recording "The Christmas Waltz".
George Michael performed the song live on December 13 for the final of the 2009 series of "The X Factor". The day after the performance, physical copies of the song were sold out in one day, forcing George Michael's record label to print new copies. Many fans have commented on forums of their annoyance at not being able to buy a physical copy of the single, possibly also giving the song a lower chart position than its true potential. The song debuted at number fourteen on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The accompanying music video was Michael's second animated one, with 2002's "Shoot the Dog" being the first. The video featured Michael as a boy, and it shows his view of Christmas from a child's perspective; shown by the visualization of sunshine, lightbulbs, and motherly love.
Formats and track listings.
"CD Single-EP/Digital Single-EP"'
The first commercial release was in 2009, with two releases following in 2010 and 2011, the latter being the first to be released on iTunes (which excluded the video).

</doc>
<doc id="20836735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836735" title="Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig">
Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig

"Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig" is a Romantic Drama produced by VIVA Films away back 1997 to 1999
Plot.
Childhood friends Eric, (Bobby Andrews), Gemma (Angelu de Leon) and Ponsie (Mel Martinez) are elated when they learn they would be classmates in Manila as well. Eric is the weak, fickle-minded playboy. Gemma is the pretty tomboy content to look for girls for her friend Eric. Ponsie, on the other hand, is their gay friend.The situation remains ideal until the arrival of Gemma's cousin, Vivian (Mariel Lopez). Vivian wants Eric as a boyfriend and Gemma promises to make this happen. But Vivian leaves for a three-week stay in the States for an art exhibit and competition.This separation triggers Gemma and Eric to finally realise and declare their long-hidden feelings for each other. When Vivian returns home to surprise Eric, she gets a surprise instead when she catches an affectionate Gemma and Eric.They fail to resolve the problem because of Eric's inability to decide.He claims to love both Vivian and Gemma. Vivian declares she's not giving up Eric without a fight, never mind if all of them suffers. Realising the futility of it all, Gemma heads back for the province. Will true love triumph over loyalty? Will setting something free really make it come back? 

</doc>
<doc id="20836753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836753" title="He's Our You">
He's Our You

"He's Our You" is the tenth television episode of the fifth season of ABC's "Lost". The 96th episode of the show overall, "He's Our You" aired on March 25, 2009 on ABC in the United States. The episode was written by executive producers Edward Kitsis & Adam Horowitz and directed by "Special" director Greg Yaitanes.
In 1977, Sayid Jarrah's (Naveen Andrews) presence among the DHARMA Initiative makes them anxious; he is interrogated, and admits everything he knows. In flashbacks, Sayid struggles after his purpose off the island is cut short.
Plot.
Flashbacks.
As a child, Sayid watches as his older brother is forced by his father to kill a chicken as a rite of passage. He is unable to do it, so Sayid does it for him; this greatly pleases Sayid's father. While working for Ben (Michael Emerson), Sayid kills a man in Moscow. This is the last man on Ben's hit list, leaving Sayid uncertain about how to continue living his life. After John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) dies, Ben visits Sayid and encourages him to go to Los Angeles. Following the events of "This Place is Death", Sayid meets Ilana (Zuleikha Robinson) at a bar; she skillfully seduces him and then takes him into her custody at gunpoint. She turns out to be a bounty hunter who has been employed to take Sayid to Guam by the family of Peter Avellino (Armando Pucci), who Sayid previously killed for Ben (as seen in "The Economist"). After seeing some of the Oceanic Six preparing to board the same flight, he begs her to take the next plane, but she refuses. On the plane, after he sees Ben board, he asks Ilana if she is working for Ben. Sayid describes Ben as a monster and Ilana asks Sayid why she would work for a man like Ben. Sayid replies, "I did."
1977.
Following the events of the previous episode, "Namaste", Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews) is in the Dharma Initiative's jail. He is questioned by Horace Goodspeed (Doug Hutchison), Dharma's leader, Radzinsky (Eric Lange), Dharma's head of research, and James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway), who, under the alias of LaFleur, is Dharma's head of security. Sayid does not say anything and is later visited by a twelve-year-old Ben Linus (Sterling Beaumon). Ben's father (Jon Gries) witnesses this and assaults Ben for bringing Sayid food. Sayid is later confronted one-on-one by Sawyer, who in an effort to save Sayid, tries to convince Sayid to give a false confession of being a defector from the island's native population, the Others. Sayid refuses and is subsequently taken to Oldham (William Sanderson), Dharma's resident interrogation expert ("He's our you," as Sawyer describes him to Sayid). Oldham gives Sayid a truth serum which forces Sayid to reveal his knowledge of Dharma's stations, including the future Swan Station, and that he has previously been to the island. However, he also tells them that he is from the future, which discredits his story. Upon returning to the jail, Sayid is once again visited by Ben, who pledges to free Sayid because Ben wishes to join the Others. That evening, several members of the Dharma Initiative take a vote to decide whether to execute Sayid. After an impassioned statement from new mother Amy (Reiko Aylesworth), they all vote in favor of execution. Sawyer attempts to let Sayid escape, but Sayid refuses, stating he has found his purpose for returning to the island.
Meanwhile, at the barracks, Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell) expresses her concern to Sawyer that their relationship will be jeopardized because of Kate Austen's (Evangeline Lilly) return to the island. Kate learns of their relationship from Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia). Later in the evening, Sawyer goes to Kate's house and asks her why she came back to the island. Before she can answer, however, a flaming Dharma van crashes into one of the houses. While everyone is distracted by the fire, Ben helps Sayid escape from the jail. They run into Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) during their escape, so Sayid knocks Jin out and steals his gun. After saying to Ben "You were right, I am a killer" Sayid reluctantly shoots Ben in the chest and runs off.

</doc>
<doc id="20836759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836759" title="Gerda Daumerlang">
Gerda Daumerlang

Gerda Daumerlang (born 2 May 1920) is a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Nuremberg.
In 1936 she finished fourth in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="20836789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836789" title="Suse Heinze">
Suse Heinze

Susanne "Suse" Heinze (born May 25, 1920) is a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Nuremberg. In 1936 she finished seventh in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="20836793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836793" title="Deena Ram">
Deena Ram

Deena Ram (born 1964 in Rajasthan state) is a former Indian track and field athlete who specialised in the 3000 meters steeplechase. He won the gold medal at the 1989 Asian Athletics Championships and the silver medal at Asian Games. He was awarded Arjuna Award in 1990.
He also participated in the steeplechase at the 1991 World Championships. He was coached by Illyas Babar.

</doc>
<doc id="20836802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836802" title="International Correspondence Schools">
International Correspondence Schools

International Correspondence Schools Ltd, also known as ICS and ICS Learn, is one of the world's most experienced provider of distance learning courses. 
The company was first established in 1890 in the United States of America. The US branch of ICS has since been renamed to Penn Foster Career School. The British branch of the company operates under its original name in the UK and has their headquarters in Glasgow.
ICS offers over 150 home learning courses that enable students to attain professional and vocational qualifications. The courses cover a range of subjects such as Human Resources, Business, Marketing, Education, Child and Elderly Care, Hospitality Management, Construction and Engineering. 
Accreditation.
ICS works with a number of professional awarding bodies to provide widely recognised and respected qualifications. 
Curriculum.
ICS offers a wide range of GCSEs, IGCSEs, A Levels, professional and vocational courses. 
With more than 150 courses to choose from ICS caters for a variety of people's development ambitions and goals. 
Teaching methods.
The majority of courses are supplied via paper-based study materials. The materials consist of several units and modules that students complete as they progress through their course. 
The students' learning experience is broadened by the "virtual learning community", also referred to as "student community", where they have access to additional online resources, study materials, interactive learning aids and progress checks. The student community also enables students to interact and engage with fellow students and gives them the chance to discuss their study experience, assignments and exams.
Tutors and Mentors.
All ICS students are assigned a dedicated tutor who provides them with academic support and guidance from enrolment right through to completion of their course. Tutors answer any queries students may have regarding the course content itself as well as assessments. Throughout their studies students complete test papers and mock exams which the tutor marks constructively. These effective revision aids help both the student and tutor to assess and determine the student's progress and areas of improvement.
Students who are enrolled on one of the CIPD or Degree courses are additionally supported by a team of mentors who monitor their study progress and assume all administrative tasks for them so that students can fully focus on their studies.
History.
ICS was originally founded in 1890 in Scranton, Pennsylvania by journalist and editor of the "Mining Herald" Thomas J. Foster. Alarmed "by the frequent mine accidents causing serious injury or death to his neighbours," (Kennan,1940) Foster played an instrumental part in setting up statues to safeguard the welfare of miners. The new requirement for miners to be certified led to a new "Question and Answer column" in the "Mining Herald" which educated his readers on the certification test they had to pass in order to qualify as mining workers. Due to popular demand Foster eventually opened an education institute offering one course - Mine Safety Engineering. By 1901 International Correspondence School was incorporated in the US. 
By 1992 ICS had enrolled more than 9 million students on its programmes which now included unimagineable titles to their students that had first enrolled over a century ago such as Java Programmer, PC Fundamentals and Internet Web Page Designer .

</doc>
<doc id="20836804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836804" title="Lianhua County">
Lianhua County

Lianhua County (莲花县) is in the municipal region of Pingxiang, Jiangxi. 
Nanchang is a popular attraction nearby.
Geography.
Lianhua lies in the Luoxiao Mountains, somewhat north of Jinggangshan. 
Revolutionary History.
Hard on the Hunan border, Lianhua was the headquarters of the (South-)Eastern Hunan Red Army Independent Division, and thus the administrative centre for the Hunan-Jiangxi Soviet, a constituent part of the Chinese Soviet Republic of the early 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20836842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836842" title="Masayo Ōsawa">
Masayo Ōsawa

In 1936 she finished sixth in the 3 metre springboard event and 14th in the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20836872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836872" title="Hot l Baltimore">
Hot l Baltimore

Hot l Baltimore was a 1975 American television situation comedy series adapted from a hit off-Broadway play by Lanford Wilson.
Premise and run.
The show took place in the fictional Hotel Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, and drew its title from the cheap establishment's neon marquee which had a burned-out letter "e". The half-hour series premiered January 24, 1975, and was produced by Norman Lear for ABC. It was the first Norman Lear property to air on ABC. The cast included Conchata Ferrell, James Cromwell, Richard Masur, Al Freeman, Jr., Gloria LeRoy, Jeannie Linero, and Charlotte Rae.
The series had several controversial elements, including two primary characters who were prostitutes, one of whom was an illegal immigrant, and one of the first gay couples to be depicted on an American television series. Because of the story lines the show was the first ABC network television show to have a warning at its opening, cautioning viewers about mature themes. ("All in the Family", also produced by Norman Lear, ran a similar disclaimer when it debuted in 1971 on CBS.) The network supported the show and gave it a full publicity campaign, but it failed to win an audience and was canceled after 13 episodes. Its last telecast was June 6, 1975.
Significance for Norman Lear.
This series is notable as the first failure for producer Norman Lear after streak of mega-hit TV series, beginning with "All in the Family" (1971) and continuing with "Sanford and Son", "Maude", "Good Times", and "The Jeffersons", among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20836888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836888" title="Fusako Kōno">
Fusako Kōno

In 1936 she finished sixth in the 10 metre platform event and eighth in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20836890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836890" title="Raj Kumar (athlete)">
Raj Kumar (athlete)

Raj Kumar (born in Rajasthan state) is a former Indian track and field athlete. He won the bronze medal in 5000 meters in 1982 Asian Games and the silver medal in the event at the 1983 Asian Championships in Athletics. He is a former national record holder in 5000 meters with a time of 13.46.4 minutes.
He was awarded Arjuna Award in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20836906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836906" title="1985 Valvettiturai massacre">
1985 Valvettiturai massacre

The 1985 Valvettiturai massacre happened on May 12, 1985 when 70 minority Sri Lankan Tamil civilians from the town of Valvettiturai (abbreviated as VVT), Sri Lanka were rounded up. They were asked to go inside the town library and then the library was allegedly blown up by the Sri Lankan Army killing all of them.

</doc>
<doc id="20836935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836935" title="Reiko Ōsawa">
Reiko Ōsawa

In 1936 she finished fourth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="20836941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836941" title="Barasat Sadar subdivision">
Barasat Sadar subdivision

Barasat Sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of six municipalities (Barasat, Habra, Rajarhat Gopalpur, Ashoknagar Kalyangarh, Madhyamgram and Gobardanga) and seven community development blocks: Barasat–I, Barasat–II, Amdanga, Deganga, Habra–I, Habra–II and Rajarhat. These seven blocks contain seven census towns and 58 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Barasat. 
Area.
Apart from the municipalities of Barasat, Habra, Rajarhat Gopalpur, Ashoknagar Kalyangarh, Madhyamgram and Gobardanga, the subdivision contains seven census towns and rural areas of 58 gram panchayats under seven community development blocks: Barasat–I, Barasat–II, Amdanga, Deganga, Habra–I, Habra–II and Rajarhat. The census towns are: Bamangachhi, Duttapukur, Nokpul, Maslandapur, Sadpur, Bara Bamonia, Guma and Raigachhi.
Blocks.
Barasat–I block.
Rural area under Barasat–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Chhoto Jagulia, Ichhapur–Nilganj, Kotra, Purba Khilkapur, Dattapukur–I, Kadambagachhi, Paschim Khilkapur, Dattapukur–II and Kashimpur. Urban area under this block consists of census towns like:Bamangachhi, Duttapukur. Barasat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chhota Jagulia.
Barasat–II block.
Rural area under Barasat–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Chandigarh–Rohanda, Falti Beliaghata, Kemia Khamarpara, Kirtipur–I, Dadpur, Kiritipur–II and Shasan. There is no urban area under this block. Barasat and Airport police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Krishnapur.
Amdanga block.
Rural area under Amdanga block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Adhata, Bodai, Maricha, Amdanga, Chandigarh, Sadhanpur, Beraberia and Taraberia. There is no urban area under this block. Amdanga police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Amdanga.
Deganga block.
Rural area under Deganga block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Amulia, Champatala, Hadipur Jhikra–I, Sohai–Shwetpur, Berachampa–I, Chaurashi, Hadipur Jhikra–II, Berachampa–II, Deganga–I, Kolsur, Chakla, Deganga–II and Nurnagar. There is no urban area under this block. Deganga police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Debalay.
Habra–I block.
Rural area under Habra–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Bargum–I, Kumra, Machhlandapur–II, Rautara, Bargum–II, Machhlandapur–I and Prithiba. Urban area under this block consists of three census towns: Nokpul, Maslandapur and Sadpur. Habra police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Prafullanagar.
Habra–II block.
Rural area under Habra–II block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Banspole, Bhurkunda, Guma–I, Rajibpur Bira, Beraberi, Dighara Malikberia, Guma–II and Srikrishnapur. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Bara Bamonia and Guma. Habra police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Guma.
Rajarhat block.
Rural area under Rajarhat block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Chandpur, Mahisbathan–II, Rajarhat Bishnupur–I, Jangrahatiara–II, Patharghata and Rajarhat Bishnupur–II. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Raigachhi. Rajarhat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rajarhat.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal, the Gobardanga municipality and three gram panchayats under the Habra–I block, viz. Bargum–I, Bargum–II and Machhlandapur–I, will be part of the area covered by the Gaighata assembly constituency of West Bengal. The other four gram panchayats under the Habra–I block, viz. Kumra, Machhlandapur–II, Prithiba and Rautara, and the Habra municipality will together form the Habra assembly constituency. The Ashoknagar Kalyangarh municipality and the Habra–II block will form the Ashoknagar assembly constituency. The Amdanga block and three gram panchayats of Barasat–I block, viz. Dattapukur–I, Dattapukur–II and Kashimpur, will together form the Amdanga assembly constituency. The Rajarhat New Town assembly constituency will consist of the area covered by the Rajarhat block and the wards 1–6 and 10–13 of the Rajarhat Gopalpur municipality. The other wards of this municipality (7–9 and 14–27) will be part of the Rajarhat Gopalpur assembly constituency. The Madhyamgram municipality and three gram panchayats under the Barasat–I block, viz. Ichhapur–Nilganj, Paschim Khilkapur and Purba Khilkapur, and two gram panchayats under the Barasat–II block, viz. Chandigarh–Rohanda and Kemia Khamarpara, will together form the Madhyamgram assembly constituency. The Barasat municipality and the Chhoto Jagulia gram panchayat under the Barasat–I block will together form the Barasat assembly constituency. Two gram panchayats under the Barasat–I block, viz. Kadambagachhi and Kotra, and nine gram panchayats under the Deganga block, viz. Amulia, Berachampa–I, Berachampa–II, Chakla, Chaurasi, Hadipur Jhikra–I, Kolsur, Nurnagar and Sohai–Shwetpur, will together form the Deganga assembly constituency. The area defining the Haroa assembly constituency will include five gram panchayats under the Barasat–II block, viz. Falti Beliaghata, Kirtipur–I, Dadpur, Kiritipur–II and Shasan, four gram panchayats under the Deganga block, viz. Champatala, Hadipur Jhikra–II, Deganga–I, Deganga–II. The Gaighata constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates; it will be an assembly segment of the Bangaon (Lok Sabha constituency), which will be reserved for SC candidates. Rajarhat Gopalpur constituency will be an assembly segment of the Dum Dum (Lok Sabha constituency). The assembly constituencies of Habra, Ashoknagar, Rajarhat New Town, Madhyamgram, Barasat and Deganga will be segments of the Barasat (Lok Sabha constituency). Amganga assembly constituency will be a segment of the Barrackpur (Lok Sabha constituency). Haroa assembly constituency will be part of the Basirhat (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="20836957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836957" title="National Resources Mobilization Act">
National Resources Mobilization Act

The National Resources Mobilization Act, 1940, 4 George VI, Chap. 13, was a statute of the Parliament of Canada that was passed to provide for better planning of a much greater Canadian war effort, both overseas and in military production at home.
Scope.
Modelled on the British "Emergency Powers (Defence) Act 1940", it gave the Canadian government the power to
This was the basis of all organization for Canada's war production.
Preparation for military readiness.
In order to prepare the population for military service, provision was made under the Act for:
Employment control.
The Act was also used to ensure greater efficiency that was required in a wartime economy by:
Nature of conscription.
The Act permitted conscripts (known as "R men" or "zombies") to be used for home defence only and not to be deployed overseas. This was modified in August 1942 to permit the government to send conscripts overseas, after a plebiscite was held on the matter in April 1942. Such an order, authorizing the transfer of 16,000 conscriptees to England, was not made until November 1944. This precipitated the Conscription Crisis of 1944, and resulted in several Quebec Liberal MPs leaving the party in protest.
The first overseas campaign that NRMA recruits were involved in was the recapture of the island of Kiska in August 1943. 9,667 NRMA recruits were sent to England, of which two-thirds only arrived after V-E Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20836960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836960" title="Booi Aha">
Booi Aha

Booi Aha (Manchu: ("booi niyalma") for male, ("booi hehe") for female; Chinese transliteration: 包衣阿哈) is a Manchu word literally meaning "household person", referring to hereditarily servile people in the 17th century China. It is often directly translated as "bondservant", although sometimes also rendered as "slave" ("nucai").
Concept of the Booi Aha.
Pamela Kyle Crossley wrote in her book "Orphan Warriors": "The Mongol is the slave of his sovereign. He is never free. His sovereign is his benefactor; Mongol does not serve him for money." This Mongolian "traditional model of slave to owner" was taken up by the Manchu during the development of Eight Banner Army."
Crossley gave as the definition of "Manchu": "A Manchu was, moreover, a man who used his skills exclusively to serve the sovereign...banners as institutions were derived from Turkic and Mongolian forms of military servitude, all enrolled under the banners considered themselves slaves of the emperor and called themselves so ("aha", Chinese:奴才, pinyin:nucai) when addressing him...".
Usage.
In his book "China Marches West", Peter C. Perdue stated: "In 1624 (after Nurhachi's invasion of Liaodong), Chinese households who had 5 to 7 Manchu sin of grain (800 to 1,000 kg) were given land and houses, while those with less were made into slaves." The Manchu established a close personal and paternalistic relationship between masters and their slaves, as Nurhachi said: ""The Master (Chinese:主子) should love the slaves and eat the same food as them"". Perdue further pointed out that booi aha "did not correspond exactly to the Chinese category of "bondservant-slave" (Chinese:奴僕); instead, it was a relationship of personal dependency on a master which in theory guaranteed close personal relationships and equal treatment, even though many western scholars would directly translate "booi" as "bondservant".
In the book "A History of Chinese Civilization", Jacques Gernet pointed out that Chinese agricultural slaves were employed as early as the fifteenth century, and by the late sixteenth century it was observed that all the Manchu military commanders had both field and house servants. Between 1645 and 1647, Qing rulers enclosed (Chinese:圈地) large numbers of previously Chinese owned estates over vast areas of North China, eastern Mongolia and neighborhood of Peking, and for land cultivation they were using a labor force consisting of bondservants which were previous land owners and prisoners of war. According to Gernet, regardless of repeated calls from the tribal chief Nurhachi that "The Master should love the slaves", Manchu slave masters treated their slaves very harshly, arranged numerous corvees (Chinese:徭役, 强迫的劳役), and sold and bought their slaves as if they were animals.
"Booi" was sometimes regarded as synonymous with "booi aha", but "booi" usually referred to household servants who performed domestic service, whereas "aha" usually referred to the servile people who worked in fields.
Booi Aha and the Liaodong Han Chinese.
The number of booi aha of the Imperial Household Department seems to have risen mainly during the Nurhachi's conquest of the eastern fringes of the Liao River basin in the 1610s and 1620s, resulting in the massive increase of the numbers of captives. In 1618, Nurhachi increased the Jurchen state's population by 300,000 by the taking of Fu-shun. This large increase of its population changed the policy on booi aha. During the first year of conquest(to 1624), the captured Chinese were generally enslaved, and bore obligations to private persons, while later (in 1624-1625) they were often enrolled in the ranks of the semi-dependent agriculture class, jusen, who bore obligations to the state.
Upper Three Banners of Neiwufu.
The Manchu "Booi Aha" (Home slaves) system was the origin of the "Neiwufu" (Chinese:內務府) or Imperial Household Department organization. The personnel of this department came from the booi of the Manchu Eight Banner's upper three banners: "Border Yellow", "Plain Yellow" and "Plain White".
The highest official's title was Dorgi Baita Icihiyara Amban, a Manchu term (Chinese:总管内务府大臣), a position mostly occupied by Manchu princes. 
The Upper Three Banners of the Neiwufu (Chinese:内務府上三旗) (Manchu:booi ilan gusa) was a unique military system of Manchu. Apart from providing the clothing, food, housing and transportation for the operating of daily functioning of the imperial family, it also had a military function, which is to provide military protection for the inner imperial court.
In the Qing court, the number of eunuchs was reduced to less than 10% of that of Ming court because eunuchs were replaced by booi, the Qing imperial court's home servants.
Status of the booi aha.
Chinese scholar Mo Dongyin (Chinese:莫东寅) in his "Essays on Manchu History" (Chinese:《满族史论丛》) wrote that "booi" has a dual meaning: (1) Household servants, and (2) slaves. But in Manchu society, booi (Chinese:包衣) occupied a special class, in which they serve their masters by doing all kinds of manual work and at the same time, with the permission from the master (Chinese:主子), can enslave other booi, thus becoming masters themselves.
With the establishment of the Qing Dynasty and the maturity of its political system, booi were organized into Booi Gusa (Manchu: Slave Banner) and incorporated into both the Eight Banners Army and the Imperial Household Department. Booi had since become part of the Qing dynasty political hierarchy, with the emperor being the Master, and emperor's booi working for the Master and the imperial court simultaneously. When addressing the emperor, booi would refer to themselves as "Nupu" or "Nucai" (Chinese:奴僕, or Chinese:奴才). But when booi were addressing others, even though they were "Nucai of the emperor" (Chinese:皇帝的奴才), they would refer to themselves as "Superior officials of the Han Chinese" (Chinese:汉人的长官).

</doc>
<doc id="20836961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836961" title="Die Luftwacht">
Die Luftwacht

Die Luftwacht ("Eng." "Air Watch" or "Air Guard") was a German air magazine covering German aircraft industry technology from the early 20th century to around 1944. Old copies of the magazine can be found in aeronautical establishments and libraries and are often offered for sale at auction.
Editions.
During the Nazi era the magazine was renamed "Deutsche Luftwacht" and published in three editions with the assistance of the German Ministry of Aviation. These were "Luftwehr" (military topics), "Luftwelt" (aeronautics in the wider world) and "Luftwissen" (air knowledge or aeronautical research items). The main editor was Otto Hollbach, with copy supplied by the German Academy of Aviation Research and the Lilienthal Society for aeronautics research. Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring and other senior Nazi military leaders were often featured. During this period the title page also featured the Nazi swastika emblem. During the period of the Second World War, items included military activity, for example the bombing of Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="20836962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836962" title="P. N. Vinayachandran">
P. N. Vinayachandran

P. N. Vinayachandran is a senior scientist and Associate Professor of Oceanography at the Centre for Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India. He is the recipient of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in 2008.
Biography.
Vinayachandran was born in Meladoor, Thrissur in April 19, 1964 and did his B.Sc in Physics from Christ College, Irinjalakuda and M.Sc in Oceanography from Indian Institute of Science. He received his Doctorate Degree in Oceanography in 1996 from Indian Institute of Science. He has published more than 40 papers, in refereed international journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20836973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836973" title="Cornelia Gilissen">
Cornelia Gilissen

Cornelia Gilissen (September 21, 1915 – March 21, 1994) was an American diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in New York City.
In 1936 she finished fifth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="20836981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836981" title="Anne Ehscheidt">
Anne Ehscheidt

Anne Ehscheidt (born July 16, 1919) is a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 she finished eighth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="20836986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836986" title="Legislatively referred state statute">
Legislatively referred state statute

A legislatively referred state statute is a statute that appears on a state's ballot as a ballot measure because the state legislature in that state voted to put it before the voters. 
A legislatively referred statute is a limited form of direct democracy with comparison to the initiated state statute. With the initiated statute, voters are in charge of the process from beginning to end, whereas with the legislatively referred statute, they can only approve or reject laws which their legislature votes to place before them.
Legislatively referred statutes in United States.
Of the 24 American states that have some degree of direct democracy, 22 of them have a provision for referring statutory measure to the public as a ballot measure.

</doc>
<doc id="20836987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836987" title="Campaign for California Families">
Campaign for California Families

Campaign for California Families is a non-profit organization promoting socially conservative public policy in California, founded by Randy Thomasson, who also founded the Campaign for Children and Families. Campaign for California Families is best known for its successful effort to pass California's Proposition 22, which prohibited same-sex marriage before that measure was overturned by the decision in In re Marriage Cases in 2008. It also unsuccessfully attempted to legally intervene in the consolidated "Strauss v. Horton" case and in "Perry v. Schwarzenegger".

</doc>
<doc id="20836990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836990" title="Scott Bar Mountains">
Scott Bar Mountains

The Scott Bar Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California. The area is named after gold miner John W. Scott who found a large gold nugget at what is now the town of Scott Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="20836991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836991" title="Jean Gilbert (diver)">
Jean Gilbert (diver)

Jean Gilbert (born 1 December 1919) is a female English diver who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 she finished seventh in the 10 metre platform event.
At the 1938 British Empire Games she represented England and finished fourth in the high diving competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20836992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836992" title="Scott Mountains (California)">
Scott Mountains (California)

The Scott Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, in northwestern California. A high point is Scott Mountain Summit, a mountain gap-pass at in elevation.
Geography.
The Scott Mountains are a sub-range within the Klamath Mountains System. The Klamath system are of the Pacific Coast Ranges series of mountain range systems that stretch along the West Coast of North America.
The Scott Mountains run from southern Siskiyou County southeast into northern Trinity County.
California State Route 3 passes through the range. The Scott Mountains are located approximately west of the towns of Mt. Shasta and Dunsmuir that are on Interstate 5.
Recreation.
The range is within sections of the Klamath National Forest and Shasta-Trinity National Forest.
Scott Mountain Campground, is at the Scott Mountain summit in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest section. It is located on the summit's west side at the junction of the Pacific Crest Trail and California State Route 3.
Ecology.
The Scott Mountains are within the Klamath-Siskiyou forests — Klamath Mountains ecoregion, which is part of the Temperate coniferous forests Biome.
The wildflower Scott Mountain phacelia ("Phacelia dalesiana") is endemic to a small area of Scott Mountain.
Plant communities in the range include:

</doc>
<doc id="20836993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836993" title="Thomas Dunolly">
Thomas Dunolly

Thomas Dunolly (1856–1923) was an early Indigenous Australian rights activist. He was a member of the Dja Dja Wurrung people.
Dunolly attended the Aboriginal school at Franklinford before being forcibly resettled at Coranderrk Reserve in 1864. 
In the 1880s he played an important part in the first organised protests by aborigines in the campaign to save Coranderrk. As Dunolly was younger with more literacy skills than William Barak and the other protest leaders, he acted as principal scribe for the protests which included writing letters to newspapers, petitions, statements of evidence and letters to bureaucrats and politicians.
Despite the protests the 1886 Aborigines Protection Act, commonly called the Half-caste act, was enacted which banned children of mixed parentage and over 13 years from living on stations and reserves and imposed stricter controls on those allowed to remain. This split many families and decimated the workforce of Coranderrk, which allowed the Board for the Protection of Aborigines to push further for the closure of Coranderrk, finally succeeding on 31 January 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20836994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20836994" title="Endiandra globosa">
Endiandra globosa

Endiandra globosa is a medium sized Australian rainforest tree. Despite the common name of Black Walnut, this tree is unrelated to northern hemisphere walnuts, and is a Laurel.
The Black Walnut is restricted to riverine rainforest. Growing on rich alluvial soils and on moist slopes in subtropical rainforest; in the Brunswick and Tweed valleys in New South Wales and adjacent areas in Queensland. Another population grows from Ingham to Cairns in tropical Queensland.
The Black Walnut is considered rare, with a ROTAP rating of 2RC-. Several signposted specimens can be seen on the roads around the town of Murwillumbah in north eastern NSW.
Description.
The unbuttressed trunk is of whitish, grey or brown bark. A mature tree grows to around to 25 metres tall.
Leaves are broad-elliptic to elliptic or ovate, veiny and usually 7–15 cm long, 3–6 cm wide, veins often yellowish. The horizontal form of the branches and attractive dark foliage makes this a particularly beautiful tree.
Creamy white flowers form between October and January. The fruit matures in autumn and is often the size of a tennis ball. The black, fleshy drupe contains a large woody seed, which itself has attractive veiny patterns. Germination is fairly slow but reliable. Roots and shoots appear around November.

</doc>
<doc id="20837007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837007" title="Ann-Margret Nirling">
Ann-Margret Nirling

Ann-Margret Nirling (later "Olsson", February 1, 1918 – February 3, 1999) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Stockholm and died in Vadstena.
In 1936 she finished tenth in the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20837015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837015" title="Boston Tea Party (TV series)">
Boston Tea Party (TV series)

Boston Tea Party is a Swedish infotainment television program is broadcast on Kanal 5 hosted by Fredrik Wikingsson and Filip Hammar.

</doc>
<doc id="20837026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837026" title="Tommy Hughes (Australian footballer)">
Tommy Hughes (Australian footballer)

Tommy Hughes was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League. Usually playing on the wing or in defence, he was killed in the Somme during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20837029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837029" title="Nang Tard">
Nang Tard

Nang Tard (, , -means The Slave Girl but international title "The Slave") is an award-winning Thai period drama lakorn, remade from a 1993 lakorn of the same name. The lakorn stars Suvanant Kongying and Vee Veerapat in the main roles with several talented actresses such as Pok Piyatida in the role of Khun Ying Yaem and May Bunthita as Boonmee. This lakorn is set in a time when slavery was still legal in Thailand.
Summary.
A poor girl, Yen, who was sold to Khun Ying by her father who had gambling debts into one of the richest families of the whole province. Fortunately, Yen became Khun Ying Yam slave but to Khun Ying Yam she was more than that. When Salee, the second wife heard about Yen, was furious because Yen is beautiful and still young. But because she was pretty and young the handsome landowner Praya Sihayotin, began to develop feelings for Yen. This made Salee very jealous and the beginning of her wrath. Praya Sihayotin at the time had three wives who could not give him a child. One day Praya Sihayotin asked Ying Yaem if he can take Yen to be his 4th wife. Ying Yaem agreed and Yen became Praya Sihayotin fourth wife.
Yen didn't want to marry Praya Sihayotin because she only thought of herself as a slave and was scared too. After having Khun Ying Yaem and Fah talk to her she agreed to marry Praya Sihayotin and be his fourth wife. Shortly after the marriage, Yen became pregnant with Praya Sihayotin first child. When Fah told Ying Yaem that Yen was pregnant, Ying Yaem was excited and couldn't wait to tell Praya Sihayotin. When Salee heard that Yen was pregnant, as mad as she was, she tried to make Yen have a miscarriage because she couldn't get pregnant. When Praya came home Salee came to talk to him and tried to convince him to sleep with her that night but little did she know that when he went into Ying Yaem house he would not visit her that night. Ying Yaem told Praya that Yen is pregnant and in her room. Praya was so speechless he went to Yen house with a smile on his face with excitements as Ying Yaem with a smile on her face.
Two months later, Ying Yaem became pregnant also which made Praya even more happy because now not only he has one child on the way he having two. As time went by, Salee tried and tried over several periods of time to kill Yen's child but with no success. Before Ying Yaem and Yen gave birth, Praya had told both of them that he is leaving for work in another city and will not be present at Yen's birth but probably be at Ying Yaem birth. After he left, Yen and Ying Yaem went to labor at the same time but Ying Yaem was a little early. Ying Yaem gave birth to a stillborn infant son while Yen gave birth to a strong, healthy baby girl. With everyone devastated that Ying Yaem's baby did not survive, Fah had asked Yen if she still willing to give up her baby to Ying Yam. Heart broken and sad Yen gave up her baby girl and asked to keep this secret from Praya. 
The secret was well hidden only between the people who present at the births. When Praya returned home, he went straight to Yen's house to see her and the baby. Yen tells Praya that she gave birth to a boy but he had died right after birth. With Praya sadden by the news he tells her that it is OK and there is still plenty of time to have another. He then leaves to go to Ying Yaem to find her holding their baby girl. Praya is still happy even though Ying Yaem "had" a baby girl. Yen was very sad and heart broken that she could not enter Ying Yaem's house but later on Ying Yaem told Yen that if she ever wanted to hold the baby or just to see the baby then just come to house anytime. This made Yen very happy.
As time went by bad things started happened to Yen. Accused of committing adultery by Boonmee, Praya was heart broken and sad that made him strip Yen status back to a slave is never to come near Khun Ying Yaem house to see the child again. Over the years Yen dealt with the pain of being tortured by her husband, Boonmee, and the worst from Salee.
Ten years later, Yen's daughter grew up unaware of her birth mother's identity. She was a little spoiled, but very kind, and fell in love with a young man in her house, but she soon found he was in love with a slave girl, La Orn, who worked alongside Yen. This was a family problem as La Orn was about to become another wife for Praya Sihayotin, but she befriended Tun. To make their dream come true, Praya Sihayotin married them and took another girl to wife named Chan, just to take care of his wife. One night Salee had lure Nu Dang out to meet a guy who was supposedly to hurt her. Yen heard what was going to happen to Nu Dang and go after her tells her not to go but being a brat, she slaps Yen and runs back to the house. Not saying anything because she was still shaking, Yen was accused by Salee of trying to hurt Nu Dang. Yen was to be whip as a punishment which Praya later regrets while Salee smiles on. Nu Dang finally tells her father that Yen was not trying to hurt her she was trying to stop her from meeting some guy that Salee had set up. Furious and mad at Salee, he goes to her house and whips her until she passes out. She is then later stripped from her status and was forced to leave the property. Feeling bad, Nu Dang ask her mom to see Yen and to apologize to Yen. Yen was shocked to see Nu Dang at her place. Nu Dang apologizes to Yen and Yen tells her that it is OK and she is not mad at her at all. 
Later on, Yen's older brother Yuen, comes back with their mother to buy Yen back. When Fah saw the boy she asked Yen's mother who was that man and she finally told Fah that the man there was Yen older brother. After hearing this, Fah takes them to go see Praya and to tell him the truth. With what they have to tell Praya, will it set Yen free from all the pain she endured after all these years?
Reception.
"Nang Tard" received a positive response from the viewers, although ratings weren’t as high as expected for this remake, because it was not like the original. However, it did garner enough to have an overall average rating of 12, estimated around 7,565,000 viewers.
The Lakorn was almost considered the highest rated for a remake lakorn but was pushed out by Suvanant Kongying's lakorn "Silamanee", which was a huge hit with viewers as it just came out for one episode.
Awards.
Like the rate, the film made a success in several drama celebrations. In SiamDara Star Party 2008, Nang Tard, received two award out of four nomination including Best Actor and Best Actress by Suvanant Kongying. It won the best drama award and the Best Antagonist for Yui Jiranan of begin nasty for Salee character. The lakorn also nominated for Asian Television Awards in Best Drama Performance by an Actress with Pok Piyatida and Yui Jiranan as the nominees. Fortunately, Yui Jiranan won the award for the lakorn at the celebration which held in Singapore on December 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20837030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837030" title="Bombay Catholic Sabha">
Bombay Catholic Sabha

The Bombay Catholic Sabha (BCS) was founded on January 20, 1989 as a non-political organisation registered as a Public Trust, under the Bombay Public Trusts Act 1950. The BCS is a recognised lay association of the Archdiocese of Bombay, affiliated to the All India Catholic Union (AICU) that is in turn recognised by the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20837035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837035" title="Hunan–Jiangxi Soviet">
Hunan–Jiangxi Soviet

The Hunan–Jiangxi Soviet () was a constituent part of the Chinese Soviet Republic, an unrecognised sovereign state that existed from November 1931 to 1935 (arguably continuing on from its new capital at Yan'an). Before that declaration of overarching statehood, the area was known as the Hunan-Jiangxi Revolutionary Base ().
Government & Geography.
The Revolutionary Base headquarters and later constituent Soviet administrative centre was at Lianhua County in the present-day Pingxiang municipal region.
Lianhua lies in the Luoxiao Mountains, running roughly north-south between the two provinces. The range also nestled the famous Jinggangshan redoubt of the anti-Rightist troops of the abortive Autumn Harvest Uprising of 1927.
Civil War Battles.
The Hunan–Jiangxi Soviet's main armed force was known as the South-Eastern Hunan Red Army Independent Division. Until March 1931 it had been known as the Eastern Hunan Red Army Independent Division.
The Soviet successfully defended itself against a series of Nationalist Government attacks from January 29 to March 24, 1931, known as the Encirclement Campaign against Hunan-Jiangxi Soviet.
Moving out in August 1934, the Soviet's military (by now designated Sixth Army Group) crossed the Xiang River and climbed into the Miao-nation (Hmong-nation) mountain homeland, there to join in October the forces of the Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet. The combined force under general He Long was redesignated the Second Front Red Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20837057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837057" title="Herb Hunter (footballer)">
Herb Hunter (footballer)

Herbert Humphreys "Herb" Hunter (18 November 1881 – 8 May 1915), L.D.S. (Licentiate of Dental Surgery), D.D.S. (Doctor of Dental Surgery, M.A.C.D. (Member of the Australian College of Dentistry), a champion athlete, and an expert dental surgeon, was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
He died in action at Gallipoli on 8 May 1915.
Family.
He was one of five sons and five daughters of George Frederick Hunter (1832-1907), an English civil engineer born at Ramsgate, who took over the established Kent Brewery, in McRae street, Bendigo, and Elizabeth Humphreys, whom he married on 11 September 1862. He was born in Bendigo (then known as Sandhurst), on 18 November 1881.
Education.
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School and Melbourne Grammar School, he studied dentistry whilst resident at Trinity College at the University of Melbourne, where he gained the diploma for L.D.S. (Licentiate of Dental Surgery) in December 1904.
He went on to continue his studies at the University of Pennsylvania, where he gained a D.D.S. (Doctor of Dental Surgery) in 1906.
He became a member of the Australian College of Dentistry in 1906, and was registered to practise in the State of Victoria on 20 December 1907.
Whilst at the University of Pennsylvania he was admitted to the Delta Sigma Delta (ΔΣΔ) dental fraternity.
Sportsman.
A sportsman with multiple talents, he was awarded a double Blue in football and athletics whilst at the University of Melbourne.
Footballer.
Whilst still at Melbourne Grammar, he played three senior matches for Essendon. He made his debut, playing at centre, against Collingwood on 23 May 1900. The match was postponed from the previous Saturday (19 May), and was rescheduled for Wednesday, 23 May; a public holiday celebrating the Relief of the Siege of Mafeking. "The Age" noted that "Hunter, centre, Groves and Hastings on the wing formed a splendid centre line Essendon".
He played his second match, at centre, against Carlton on 26 May 1900, on a very wet ground which he did not handle well. and played his last match, again at centre, on 2 June 1900 against St Kilda.
He immediately resumed schoolboy football, and returned to playing with Melbourne Grammar's First XVIII.
Athlete.
On 4 January 1901, at a special "Commonwealth Celebration" championship competition, held at the Sydney Cricket Ground as part of the celebrations held to mark the proclamation of the Federation of Australia on 1 January 1901, competing for the Victorian Amateur Athletic Association, Hunter registered some outstanding performances, including:
Two days earlier, at the 33rd gathering of the Highland Society of New South Wales, also representing the V.A.A.A., and also at the Sydney Cricket Ground, he had taken the significant Open Age amateur sprinter's handicap "double":
Bendigo Hare and Hounds Club.
In 1903, he was captain of the Bendigo Hare and Hounds athletics club.
Soldier.
Prior to the Great War, Hunter had been a member of the 67th (Bendigo) Infantry Battalion, in the Citizens Military Forces. During his time with the Citizens Military Forces, he held the rank of Second Lieutenant (from 9 April 1908), Lieutenant (from 20 March 1911), and Captain (from 1 July 1913).
On 29 August 1914, he enlisted in the First A.I.F. His enlistment form was signed by Lieutenant Colonel H. G. "Pompey" Elliott, who had raised the 7th Battalion in Bendigo, and had enlisted men from Western and Central Victoria. Elliot appointed Hunter a Captain in the 7th Battalion, First A.I.F., in charge of "G" Company; a company of men mainly enlisted from Bendigo and the wider Bendigo District.
He was part of the Landing on Gallipoli on 25 April 1915; and was killed in action during the assault of Krithia, less than two weeks later, on 8 May 1915: "In the 7th, advancing precisely as they had been trained to do … Captain Hunter — a famous Victorian athlete — was wounded and then hit again and killed" (Bean, 1923, p. 29).
Remembered.
Hunter has no known grave. He is commemorated amongst the 20,000 names at the Helles Memorial.
University of Pennsylvania.
In 1920, the following entry appeared in a supplement to the University of Pennsylvania's October 1920, Alumni Register:
H. H. Hunter Memorial Shield.
In July 1920, a beautifully designed shield, now generally known as "the Hunter Shield", carved in Australian blackwood by the prominent South Yarra artist, Mr Robert Prenzel, was presented to the Victorian Amateur Athletic Association (now known as Athletics Victoria) by Mr. M. P. (Marmion Percy) Adams, the author of "The Rich Uncle from Fiji: and Some of his Relatives" (1911), on behalf of a group of subscribers, to be a perpetual challenge trophy for the Association's annual track championship competition.
The shield's carving depicts Hunter beating the (later) Olympian athlete Nigel Barker by six inches in the 1901 national championship 100 yards race. Beneath the carving is a copper representation of an open book, upon which the names of the annual winners could be displayed.
Since 2001, when the Victorian Athletic League was discontinued, the Hunter Shield represented the best performing male club in Victoria; and, since 2009, the winner is based on female and male performances at the open Victorian Championships.
H. H. Hunter Athlete of the Year.
In 2008, Athletics Bendigo renamed its athlete of the year trophy "the H. H. Hunter Athlete of the Year" in Hunter's memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20837060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837060" title="Shale Hills">
Shale Hills

The Shale Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20837063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837063" title="Shandin Hills">
Shandin Hills

The Shandin Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System of Southern California.
Geography.
The hills are located within the City of San Bernardino, in southern San Bernardino County.
The Shandin Hills are separate and south of the San Bernardino Mountains foothills, and not as high in elevation. The dominant mountain of the hills is Little Mountain, at in elevation.
I-215 passes through the mountain range via the Shandin Pass, connecting not only the University District and Downtown San Bernardino, but also the South and North San Bernardino Districts.

</doc>
<doc id="20837067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837067" title="Sheep Hills">
Sheep Hills

The Sheep Hills are a mountain range in Orange County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20837076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837076" title="Energy in Saudi Arabia">
Energy in Saudi Arabia

Energy in Saudi Arabia describes energy and electricity production, consumption and export in Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is one of the world's largest energy producers, pumping approximately of petroleum. While most of this is exported, domestic use is rapidly increasing, primarily for electricity production.
Saudi Arabia has one of the largest proven crude oil reserves in the world. (Proven crude oil is oil that is economically recoverable - Venezuela has more oil in the form of tar sands, heavy bitumen which is not economically competitive. ). It is the world's top oil exporter and producer. Saudi Arabia's economy is petroleum-based; Oil actually accounts for "90% of the country's exports and nearly 75% government revenues". The oil industry produces about 45% of Saudi Arabia's gross domestic product, against 40% from the private sector. Saudi Arabia has per capita GDP of $20,700. The economy is still very dependent on oil in spite of a diversification effort, in particular in the petrochemical sector.
The highest proved oil reserves in the world are in Saudi Arabia (18% of global reserves, over ). Proved natural gas reserves in Saudi Arabia are over . Global production in 2009 reached of oil and of natural gas.
Electricity.
Saudi Arabia is the fastest growing electricity consumer in the Middle East, particularly of transportation fuels. In 2005, Saudi Arabia was the world's 15th largest consumer of primary energy, of which over 60 percent was petroleum-based. The remainder was made up of natural gas.
Two ministries share responsibility for the energy sector: the Ministry of Oil and the Ministry of Water and Electricity. The Ministry of Water was created in 2001 by merging water related sub-departments. Its stated purpose is "to prepare a comprehensive plan to establish water and sewage networks all over the Kingdom. It will also develop the country’s water policies and propose new regulations to preserve water." In 2003, this department was expanded.
Electricity consumption.
Electricity consumption in Saudi Arabia increased sharply during the 1990–2010 period due to rapid economic development. Peak loads reached nearly 24 GW in 2001—25 times their 1975 level-and are expected to approach 60 GW by 2023. The investment needed to meet this demand may exceed $90 billion. Consequently, there is an urgent need to develop energy conservation policies for sustainable development.
Electricity generation is 65% from Oil 27% from Natural Gas and 8% from steam. Generation capacity is approximately 55 GW. A looming energy shortage requires Saudi Arabia to increase its capacity. Capacity is planned to be increased to 120 GW by 2020.
The government has approved the construction of a $300 million facility to turn waste into energy. The facility will process 180 tons of waste per day, producing 6 MW of electricity and of distilled water.
Conservation.
Towards the end of 1998, the electricity sector embarked upon a major restructuring program. One of its aims was to achieve sustainable performance. Although progress has been made, remaining challenges, include high demand growth, low generation capacity reserve margins, inefficient energy use, absence of time-of-use rate adjustments, and the need for large capital investments to fund expansion.
Current sustainable policies, particularly those encouraging energy conservation, led to peak load savings of more than 871 MW in 2001, mainly as a result of collaboration between the Ministry of Water and Electricity and the Saudi Electricity Company.
Policies and programs are being developed for public awareness, energy regulation and legislation, and energy information and programming. If energy conservation is successful, demand can be reduced by 5–10%. This is equivalent to 3–6 GW of additional capacity, which represents a possible $1.5–3.0 billion saving over 20 years. Typically, investment in energy efficiency is 1% of utility sales revenues, which for a country like Saudi Arabia could be $15–60 million annually. If only savings on air conditioning are considered, the return on investment is equivalent to 400–500 MW of generating capacity—a saving of up to $0.25 billion p.a.
Bureaucratic history.
The development of electricity in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia can be divided into two stages:
Phase 1: Initially, electricity generation was left to small, local companies. Such companies sold power at varying rates according to local costs.
In 1961 (1381 AH), the Department of Electricity Affairs was established within the Ministry of Commerce, with a mandate to regulate the electricity generation sector and to issue permits and licenses to electricity companies and to encourage national investment.
In 1972 (1392 AH), the Department of Electricity Services was established. This Department was separated from the Ministry of Commerce and was given the additional responsibility of planning electrical services for the Kingdom as a whole.
In 1974 (1394 AH), the Ministry of Commerce was divided into the Commerce Agency and the Industry and Electricity Agency. In that same year, the electricity tariff was set for all companies at a level below their actual costs.
In 1975 (1395 AH), the Government adopted ambitious plans for economic development requiring investment in industry and electrification. The Ministry of Industry and Electricity was formed, with an Industrial Affairs Agency and an Electricity Affairs Agency. The Electricity Affairs Agency expanded the planning, co-ordination and regulatory roles for providing electrical services. The Electricity Corporation was established in 1976 (1396 AH) to coordinate the electricity plans contained in the Kingdom's Development Plan.
From 1976 to 1981 (1396 – 1401 AH) all community electricity generation was gradually subsumed under the four regional Saudi Consolidated Electricity Companies (SCECOs), located in the Central, Eastern, Southern and Western regions.
With the formulation of a coherent development plan and the establishment of the SCECOs, the Government was able to bring electricity to the towns, villages and settlements throughout the Kingdom.
The number of electricity customers grew from 216,000 in 1970 (1390 AH) to 3,035,000 in 1996 and 4,955,906 in 2006.
In May, 2003, electricity was made the responsibility of the Ministry of Water and Electricity.
Saudi Consolidated Electricity Companies (SCECOs).
The first SCECO (SCECO-East) was created in 1976 (1396/97 AH). This was followed in 1979 (1399/1400 AH) by SCECO-South. Electricity for the southwest is provided by another consolidated company, and the central region is served by SCECO-Central.
The General Electricity Corporation (GEC) had overall responsibility for the Kingdom's electricity system and had direct responsibility for the provision of electrical supplies to rural areas not then covered by the consolidated companies. The GEC represented the government equity holdings in all the independent electricity generating companies and was a source of finance for those companies' capital requirements.
In 1998, the Government announced the reorganization of the electricity sector by establishing a stock market company, named the Saudi Electric Company, through the merger of all the electricity companies operating in the Kingdom.
Solar power.
During the 2012 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Qatar Saudi-Arabia announced its target to receive third of its electricity demand from solar power with 41GW of solar capacity by 2032. Same time was announceed investment in 17 new nuclear reactors in next 20 years.
Petroleum.
Reserves.
As of January 2007, Saudi Aramco's proven reserves were estimated at , comprising about 24% of the world total. They would last for 90 years at the current rate of production. 85% of Saudi oil fields found have not produced oil yet.
The Ghawar oil field is the largest oil field in the world, holding over . Ghawar is able to produce of oil. Aramco announced expansion and integration with neighboring petrochemical plants in Ras Tanura and Yanbu by 2010 to 2012.
Production.
Saudi-Arabia is the major oil producer in the world accounting for 12.9 % of the global production.
Saudi Arabia produces slightly over of oil, exporting . The government is investing over $71 Billion to increase oil production to near by 2009 and up to by 2015. This may be attributed to the report that of excess capacity are needed to compensate for a natural decline in availability.
The future of Saudi Arabian oil is complicated by the fact that the major Saudi oil fields are extremely old and have been producing oil for decades. Corrosion is becoming a large problem in addition to many other problems that come over time. The result is that most of the easily produced oil is gone from these fields and tapping the rest of the oil is probably going to be much more difficult and more expensive. Such increased difficulty and expense may indicate that Saudi Arabian oil fields have already peaked.
Shipping.
The majority of the oil is shipped via supertankers to refineries around the world. Three major ports are used for the shipping. Ras Tanura is the world's largest offshore oil loading facility with capacity. The Ras al-Ju'aymah facility, on the coast of the Persian Gulf, loads nearly 75% of the exports. The last of the three largest terminals is the Yanbu terminal located on the Red Sea. The enormous sea shipping capacity is vital to Saudi Arabia given the absence of international pipelines.
New oil fields in development.
New oil fields will add up to to production capacity by 2011. The new fields are Haradh, Khurais, Khusaniyah, Manifa, Neutral Zone (shared with Kuwait), Nuayyin and Shaybah I II & III.
Aramco.
Until 1973 the government did not receive a share of the oil drilled within its boundaries. In 1973 the Saudi government gained a 25% share of the interest from Aramco. In 1980 the Saudi government purchased nearly 100% of the Aramco oil business giving Saudi officials complete control over prices and production. In 1988 the oil company was renamed Saudi Aramco. The company is controlled by the government but also has a board of advisors and a CEO. The current CEO and President of Saudi Aramco is Khalid A. Al-Falih.
Future perspectives.
There is a lot of talk these days about finding new, reusable, cleaner sources of energy. There is much talk of phasing out oil and replacing it with other alternatives that are better for the environment and can produce enough energy to satisfy human needs. But many believe that this is not yet possible. In a recent interview with CBS, they asked Saudi Arabia’s oil minister the following question: “Let me be blunt, okay? And ask you to be candid: is it Aramco’s hope to prevent a switch away from oil? Somebody said, 'The country is the oil business.' You absolutely need to do this for your own survival”. The minister responded by stating that:
Natural gas.
Saudi Arabia has the world's fourth largest reserves of natural gas, of . One-third of this reserve is found in the Ghawar. Before the master gas system, the oil company flared (burn) the gas as it came from the oil well. Until recently production of natural gas was tightly controlled as it is so closely linked to oil production. The World Trade Organization criticized the government and Aramco for heavily subsidizing natural gas. According to the Energy Information Administration the price was $0.75 MMBtu American dollars.
Nuclear power.
In 2010, King Abdullah City for Atomic and Renewable Energy was established. The Saudi government plans a $100 billion program of nuclear power with the goal of generating 110 gigawatts by 2032, using at least 12 nuclear power plants which are intended to begin coming into operation in 2019. They have been negotiating with France, China, Japan, Korea, Russia, and Argentina over access to nuclear technology.
Business persons.
Forbes ranked Mohammed Al Amoudi as richest Saudi Arabian in energy business in 2013. 
Global warming.
Saudi Arabia was the 15th top carbon dioxide emitter per capita in the world in 2009: 18.56 tonnes per capita.

</doc>
<doc id="20837091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837091" title="Sprague Lake (Colorado)">
Sprague Lake (Colorado)

Sprague Lake is a scenic lake in Rocky Mountain National Park, located on the "south side of Glacier Creek, about two miles south of the Hollowell turnoff." The half-mile walk around the lake is wheelchair accessible and features boardwalks and bridges with views of Flattop mountain and Hallet Peak. The lake provides a pleasant area for brookie fishing." 
The area is named after Abner Sprague, who started a homestead there in 1874. Later, he opened a lodge for dude ranching, hunting, and fishing. To improve the fishing, he dammed the far end of the lake. The area became part of Rocky Mountain National Park in 1915, and continued to serve guests as the Sprague Hotel. In 1919, guests paid $6.00 per room with a private bath, and $1.00 for regular meals. The hotel, which no longer exists, stood near the present day parking lot.

</doc>
<doc id="20837099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837099" title="Rivière Blanche">
Rivière Blanche

Rivière Blanche (French for "white river") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20837110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837110" title="Letter Exchange">
Letter Exchange

Letter Exchange is a professional organization dedicated to the promotion of lettering in all media. Letter Exchange was founded in the United Kingdom in 1988. It organizes lectures held at the Art Workers Guild, publishes its journal" Forum" twice a year, and also organizes exhibitions. Its international membership is open to professionals as well as interested amateurs.
References.
Neuenschwander, Brody, "Dot the i; 20th Century German Lettering", Letter Exchange, London 1991
http://www.letterexchange.org/magazine.html

</doc>
<doc id="20837144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837144" title="Les James">
Les James

Les James was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in World War I. He was credited as playing for Geelong again in 1919, however it was actually his brother on debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20837150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837150" title="John Stoll">
John Stoll

John Stoll (13 December 1913 – 25 June 1990) was a British art director. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Lawrence of Arabia". During the 1950s he worked largely on low-budget British feature films.

</doc>
<doc id="20837173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837173" title="Dario Simoni">
Dario Simoni

Dario Simoni (1901 – 23 May 1984) was a set decorator. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for another two in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Simoni won two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another two:

</doc>
<doc id="20837181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837181" title="2005 Metro Manila Film Festival">
2005 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 31st Metro Manila Film Festival was held in Manila, Philippines, from December 25, 2005 to January 5, 2006.
Zsa Zsa Padilla, Marvin Agustin and the movie, Blue Moon topped the 2005 Metro Manila Film Festival. The festival’s Best Picture award went to Regal Films’ Blue Moon, while the Best Actress and Best Actor awards were awarded to Padilla and Agustin for their convincing roles in Ako Legal Wife: Mano Po 4?! and Kutob respectively. The Best Supporting Actor and Actress awards went to Jose Manalo for Enteng Kabisote 2 and Cherry Pie Picache for Ako Legal Wife: Mano Po 4?!.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20837187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837187" title="Gorai Creek">
Gorai Creek

Gorai creek is a creek off the coast of suburban Mumbai. It lies between Borivali (West) and Gorai Village. A ferry ride across the creek to Essel World, Gorai Beach and the Global Vipassana Pagoda takes around 10 to 15 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20837215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837215" title="Billy Dib">
Billy Dib

Billy "The Kid" Dib is an Australian professional boxer. He is the former IBF Featherweight Champion & former IBO super featherweight champion.
Early years.
Bilal "Billy" Dib was born on 17 August 1985 at Kogarah Hospital in Sydney, Australia. He has suffered from chronic asthma since birth, and he spent the first six months of his life in an incubator fighting the ailment. He took up boxing at the age of 12 to try to overcome the condition. His parents had emigrated to Australia from Lebanon, and owned a small greengrocer store in Engadine.
Amateur career.
After starting boxing at the age of 12 at the local Police and Community Youth Club (PCYC), he soon began appearing in amateur competitions, winning 98 out of 133 bouts. During this period he was the Australian Champion on three occasions, and he was selected to train at the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS). However, his preparation for the 2004 Olympic Games was hindered by a motorcycle accident, and he was not selected for the Australian team. He subsequently turned down an offer to join Lebanon's Olympic team, arguing that he had been representing Australia and wouldn't feel right if drawn against an Australian in the tournament as Australia was his, and his family's home.
After missing out on the Olympics Dib traveled to Sheffield to train with Prince Naseem Hamed, who encouraged him to turn professional.
Professional career.
Billy Dib's first professional fight was against Chad Roy Naidu in August 2004, as an 18-year-old. He won, and subsequently went on to win the next 20 bouts, not losing until October 2008, against Steven Luevano. Dib traveled to the United States in 2006, after being offered the opportunity to train with Mike Tyson. While there he met Shane Mosley, and this led to Dib signing with Golden Boy Promotions.
IBO Super Featherweight Title.
On 30 July 2008, Billy Dib faced South African Zolani Marali for the IBO super featherweight title. Although Marali had a greater reach, and despite being knocked down in the third round, Dib was able to win on a unanimous points decision (116-114, 116-112 and 114-113), allowing him to capture the title.
WBO Featherweight Title.
Billy Dib fought against Steven Luevano, the WBO featherweight champion, on 18 October 2008. He was unsuccessful, losing to Luevano in a unanimous points decision. After the match Dib announced that he would come back as a better boxer, stating that he would learn from the experience.
Return after first loss & Superboxer Promotion.
On Wednesday, 11 March 2009, at the Campbelltown Cube in Sydney, Dib returned to the ring in a spectacular performance, beating 22 year old local Campbelltown fighter undefeated Davey Browne Jnr via an 8th round technical decision after Browne was cut above both eyes. The first cut opened after an accidental head clash, while the second came from a clean punch. The fight was stopped on the first cut and went to the scorecards.
On 9 July 2009, Billy Dib and Kenichi Yamaguchi were the main event on One HD's first Superboxer promotion. After being knocked down during the opening stages of the first round, Dib rallied late in the piece to down Yamaguchi. While Yamaguchi was on his knees, Dib hit him with a late left-handed punch, and although Yamaguchi returned to his feet, he appeared unsteady, leading the referee to stop the fight at 2:59 seconds of the first round in Dib's favour. As Yamaguchi protested the call to the referee Dib without reason shoved Yamaguchi as well as his trainer sparking a small brawl between the two corners.
Questions regarding the decision were raised after the fight, with some expressing the belief that the punch constituted a foul, and thus Yamaguchi should either have been given time to recover, the fight declared a no-contest, or Dib should have been disqualified.
Subsequently, the NSW Boxing Authority announced that they are undertaking an investigation into the events, and at their monthly board meeting on 4 August, the officials determined to change the result to a no-contest.
IBF Featherweight Title.
After nine straight victories, on July 2011 Dib took on longtime contender Jorge Lacierva and captured the IBF Featherweight belt via Unanimous Decision. Occasionally getting involved in some wild exciting exchanges, for the most part he boxed a disciplined fight, out-boxing his smaller opponent.
On 19 November 2011, Billy made the first defense of his title, knocking out Italian challenger Alberto Servidei in 2:38 of the first round from a left hook to the body.
Dib made his second title defense against Eduardo Escobedo on 7 March 2012 in retaining his title with a seventh round TKO, his aggressive body attack broke down Escobedo who didn’t come out for round seven.
He lost the title to Evgeny Gradovich on March 1, 2013. A rematch between the two was scheduled for November 23, 2013, where Evgeny Gradovich won by TKO in the 9th round..

</doc>
<doc id="20837218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837218" title="Hans Havik">
Hans Havik

Hans Havik was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and Major of Polizei in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Hans Havik was born in Groningen in the Netherlands on the 5 May 1923. He volunteered to join the SS (service number 456 022) and was posted to the 4th SS Polizei Panzergrenadier Division.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 6 May 1945 when serving as a platoon commander in the 1st Company, 4th SS Panzer Battalion, 4th SS Polizei Panzergrenadier Division.
Havik survived the war and died on the 21 September 1997 at Nürnberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20837228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837228" title="Northeastern Jiangxi Soviet">
Northeastern Jiangxi Soviet

The Northeastern Jiangxi Soviet () was a constituent part of the Chinese Soviet Republic (1931 - November 1935). Any military threat it posed to the Nationalist Party-controlled Chinese State (1927–1949) had been roundly neutered by an early 1931 campaign (while it was still known as the North-eastern Jiangxi Revolutionary Base Area), and thus the area was never going to make a formidable component soviet of the CSR.
Geography.
The administrative centre or Soviet capital was at the town of Geyuan in northern Hengfeng County, now in Shangrao. The town was taken rather unceremoniously by the Chinese army in 1934.
The counties under sustained CPC-affiliated control all lie in the present-day municipality of Shangrao, Jiangxi; intermittently affected counties now lie in Quzhou, Zhejiang, and Nanping, Fujian.
Northeastern Jiangxi Soviet in the Second Sino-Japanese War.
In 1938, the Nationalist Party government conducted an eradication campaign into the area which put an end to whatever small harassments the remnant Soviet troops had been able to stage against the war effort. Little better than a rural fugitive, the Soviet leader Yang Wenhan (杨文翰) lived "jianghu" (江湖, the classic Chinese outlaw life) until his capture in 1943. Yang was held by the Nationalists for seven months before his execution.

</doc>
<doc id="20837266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837266" title="Toby Miller">
Toby Miller

Toby Miller (9 August 1958) is a British/Australian-American interdisciplinary social scientist with areas of concentration including cultural studies and media studies. He is also the author of several books, numerous articles, and is a guest commentator on television and radio programs across the globe. He is chairperson of the Department of Media & Cultural Studies at the University of California, Riverside (UCR). Prior to his academic career, Miller worked in broadcasting, banking, and civil service.
Miller was born in the United Kingdom and grew up in Australia. He earned a B.A. in history and political science at Australian National University in 1980 and a Ph.D. in philosophy and communication studies at Murdoch University in 1991. 
In July 2004, Miller became a full-time professor at UCR following a stint as a visiting professor. Formerly, he was a professor in the Departments of English, Sociology, and Women’s Studies, as well as director of the program in film and visual culture. As of December 2008, he chairs the new Department of Media & Cultural Studies. 
Preceding his professorship at UCR, Miller was a professor at New York University, and held previous appointments at Murdoch University, Griffith University, and the University of New South Wales. 
Selected publications.
Miller's work has been translated into Chinese, Japanese, Swedish, and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="20837275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837275" title="Aitor Etxaburu">
Aitor Etxaburu

Aitor Iñaki Etxaburu Castro (born 17 June 1966 in Eibar) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
In 1992 he was a member of the Spanish handball team which finished fifth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored six goals.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played five matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20837296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837296" title="Pablo Valenzuela">
Pablo Valenzuela

José Pablo Valenzuela García (2 March 1859 – 25 December 1926) was a leading Cuban cornetist, composer and bandleader.
García was born in San Antonio de los Baños. After taking his first lessons in music under his father Lucas, he moved to Havana. There he first joined the orchestra of Manuel Espinosa, before joining "La Flor de Cuba", the leading band of the day. This had come under the direction of his brother Raimundo after the death of its founder, and at some stage the name was changed to "Orquesta Valenzuela".
Raimundo died in his fifties in 1905, after which the band was under Pablo's direction. Now it was possible for Cuban bands to record their music, and the "Orquesta Valenzuela" was one of the earliest to take advantage of the opportunity: they recorded about 120 numbers. In 1906 there were 40 recordings on Edison cylinders; in 1909 23 numbers for Columbia Records, and 56 numbers with Victor Records. The last recordings were in 1919; there were about 120 numbers in all, most of which were danzones. Of his compositions, some became lasting hits: "Coco seco", "El congo libre", "La frita", "La niña", "La Patti negra", "María Teresa", "El garrotín".
The band dispersed after Pablo died, aged 67, in Havana in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20837299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837299" title="Arthur Jones (Australian footballer)">
Arthur Jones (Australian footballer)

Arthur Jones was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League. He was killed on 7 August 1915 at the Dardanelles during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20837325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837325" title="Castêlo da Maia">
Castêlo da Maia

Castêlo da Maia is a town ("vila") and parish in Maia Municipality, Grande Porto, Portugal. According to the 2001 Census, it has 15,452 inhabitants. 

</doc>
<doc id="20837341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837341" title="Geology of Mumbai">
Geology of Mumbai

Geology of Mumbai refers to the geology of the city of the island city of Mumbai.
Back Bay and Bandra reclamation are the major reclamation areas of Mumbai in the Arabian sea.
Soil.
The predominant soil cover in Mumbai city is sandy, whereas in the suburban district, the soil cover is alluvial and loamy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20837342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837342" title="Bill Landy">
Bill Landy

Bill Landy was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League. Joining the army at the age of 18, he was killed in action at Fromelles during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20837344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837344" title="Pedras Rubras">
Pedras Rubras

Pedras Rubras is a Portuguese "lugar" located in the Moreira parish, in the Maia Municipality, Great Porto. The Porto Airport (OPO) (Sá Carneiro International Airport, formerly known as Pedras Rubras Airport) terminal and part of runway is located in Pedras Rubras. 

</doc>
<doc id="20837346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837346" title="Kohei Matsushita">
Kohei Matsushita

Career.
Japan.
Kohei attended Shizuoka Gakuen High School, with whom he won the All Japan High school Championship and Best 11 award in 2002, and began is career with Júbilo Iwata, playing for the team's U-18, U-19, and U-23 teams. After a loan spell with Ehime in 2006, he moved clubs in 2007, and was the key outside player for Ehime for three season.
United States.
Kohei decided to move abroad in 2011 and entered the open trial for Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American Soccer League. He became the first Japanese player ever to sign with the club and made his debut for his new team on April 16, 2011 in a game against FC Edmonton. Atlanta announced on November 8, 2011 that Matsushita would return for the 2012 season.
Playing style.
Has been mainly playing on the left flank known for his accurate pinpoint crosses. Names former Brazilian National Team Player Cafu as his idol player.

</doc>
<doc id="20837347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837347" title="Long Range Reconnaissance Patrol (Sri Lanka)">
Long Range Reconnaissance Patrol (Sri Lanka)

The Long Range Reconnaissance Patrol (LRRP) is a covert operation (black op) unit of the Sri Lanka Army. This unit is also known as the Deep Penetration Unit (DPU) and as the Mahasohon Brigade (Mahasohona is a demon in Sinhalese folklore hence literally meaning "Demon Brigade"). LRRP units specialize in carrying out reconnaissance and sabotage operations in deep battlespace. In the recent Sri Lankan Civil War, LRRP units have been successful in assassinating several high-level commanders of the LTTE in LTTE-held territory. The unit has also been accused of launching attacks on and killing civilians. The LRRP suffered a setback when a safehouse was raided by the police; they arrested several personnel along with weapons. Before the misunderstanding was later cleared out and the arrested released, the names of the personnel involved in the unit were released to the public media, resulting in the assassination of several of them. The LRRP was later reformed and has resumed its activities following the resumption of hostilities after a ceasefire between the government and the LTTE was cancelled.
Organization.
The exact number of troops involved with the LRRP is not known, and neither the Sri Lanka Army nor the Sri Lankan government has officially acknowledged its existence. The unit is operated under the Directorate of Military Intelligence of the Army. It is believed to be composed of personnel from the Commando and Special Forces regiments of the Sri Lanka Army, in addition to ex-LTTE cadres and members of anti-LTTE Tamil groups. These personnel have received specialized training in Sri Lanka and abroad. Allegations have been made that LRRP units received training from US Special Forces. The LRRP was believed to have been led by captain Shahul Hameed Nilam before the ceasefire, with Major Tuan Nizam Muthaliff acting as a deputy commander.
Operations.
LRRP units have been successful in carrying out several attacks behind enemy lines. Operations use small groups, who go into and out of enemy territory clandestinely through jungle routes and seek their targets. These groups may stay in safehouses or camp in the jungles until they are ready to take their designated target. Many of the attacks launched by LRRP units targeted high-profile LTTE commanders and were carried out in the manner of roadside ambushes. Before the 2002 ceasefire agreement was signed, the government denied allegations from the LTTE that state-backed deep-penetration units were targeting their leaders.
Colonel Shankar, head of the LTTE air wing, was killed in such an attack on 6 September 2001. Although his death was speculated to be a result of an internal struggle within the LTTE, the LTTE accused Army LRRP units of launching the attack that killed him. A senior sea tiger commander, Lt. Col. Gangai Amaran, was another high-profile LTTE leader killed by the LRRP. Other LTTE commanders killed in LRRP attacks include Batticaloa District Intelligence Head Lt. Col. Nizam, LTTE Batticaloa-Ampara Communications Chief Major Mano and artillery specialist Major Sathiyaseelan.
Former head of the LTTE political wing, S. P. Tamilselvan’s vehicle was attacked by LRRP units in May 2001. Tamilselvan was not in the vehicle at the time. LRRP units have also made failed assassination attempts on several other LTTE leaders including Col. Karuna, Col. Jeyam and Col. Balraj. The LTTE has accused the LRRP of attempting to carry out attacks even against the LTTE leader, Velupillai Prabhakaran.
Exposure and aftermath.
In 2002, a ceasefire agreement was signed between the government and the LTTE and all LRRP activities were ceased. The military believed that the targeting of high-profile LTTE leadership by the LRRP was a prominent factor in prompting the LTTE to agree for negotiations.
On 2 January 2002, a police team led by SP Kulasiri Udugampola raided an LRRP safehouse in Athurugiriya, a suburb close to the capital, Colombo. The unit was accused of planning to assassinate leaders of the recently elected United National Party government. Six personnel were arrested, including Captain Nilam, the leader of the unit. Four soldiers and a former LTTE cadre were also arrested. In addition, a number of weapons were taken into custody, including explosives, anti-tank and thermobaric weapons. Details of this raid and the weapons were made public through media. Attempts by the military hierarchy to get the arrested personnel released failed, and Army commander Lt. Gen. Lionel Balagalla issued a public statement revealing the true nature of this unit. The arrested personnel were released only after interrogation on 13 January, under orders from Defence Minister Tilak Marapana, who expressed outrage over the police raid.
Soon after the incident, LTTE began a campaign to eliminate the members of the LRRP and those who were suspected of assisting them. A key informant of the unit, known as Mike, was abducted and killed by the LTTE on 20 January. More than 80 persons involved with the LRRP were assassinated after this. The government did not take any significant measures to stop it, and requests made by the state intelligence agencies were ignored on the basis that it will affect the ceasefire.
Investigations.
The Army Commander, under the direction of the Defence Minister, appointed a Court of Inquiry to investigate the activities of the LRRP. The conclusion of the court of inquiry was that their activities were legitimate and all military hardware found were obtained through legitimate means. As the public controversy on this incident and the killings continued, President Chandrika Kumaratunga appointed a Commission of Inquiry to probe the safehouse raid. The Commission’s conclusion was that in addition to compromising national security interests, the raid was a "total betrayal and absolute treachery to the nation". The report included a list of officers of the police and army responsible for the incident.
A special team was set up by the Chief of Police to investigate into the actions of Udugampola and several other police officers.
Resumption of hostilities.
The ceasefire was cancelled and hostilities resumed in 2006. Since then, the LRRP has been reformed and is actively participating in the ongoing operations against the LTTE. The LRRP has launched several attacks against LTTE leaders. Head of the LTTE military intelligence, Col. Charles, was killed in one such attack. Cheliyan, the deputy leader of the Sea Tigers, was also killed in an LRRP attack.
Attacks on civilians.
The LTTE has accused the LRRP of targeting civilians in areas under their control. In June 2008, The LTTE accused LRRP units of killing 26 civilians in three attacks. Military spokesman Brigadier Udaya Nanayakkara denied any involvement in these incidents, stating that the LRRP only targets armed LTTE cadres. Other alleged attacks on civilians include targeting a bus carrying school children, and the killing of Tamil National Alliance member K. Sivanesan. Another notable accusation is the killing of Father M. X. Karunaratnam, the chairman of the North East Secretariat on Human Rights (NESOHR), a pro–LTTE organization that had accused the Sri Lankan military of human rights violations.
Controversy.
On October 20, 2008, registrars attached to the Colombo Magistrate Courts system received a threatening letter, stating that the 'Mahason Brigade' was watching "traitors that stood up for terrorists" (referring to lawyers who represented captured LTTE cadres in court). The authorship of the letters were never verified, thus leading some to dismiss it as the concoction of ultra-nationalistic groups within the Sinhalese community.

</doc>
<doc id="20837353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837353" title="Walter M601">
Walter M601

The Walter M601 is a turboprop aircraft engine produced by Walter Aircraft Engines of the Czech Republic. The company's first turboprop, the M601 is used in business, agricultural and military training aircraft.
Development.
The turboprop was designed for use on the Let L-410 and the M601 first ran in 1967. It was not suitable for the prototype L-410 and the company developed an upgraded version, the M601A, with a slightly wider diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20837357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837357" title="Tomoya Kanamori">
Tomoya Kanamori


</doc>
<doc id="20837358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837358" title="Robert R. Benton">
Robert R. Benton

Robert R. Benton (10 April 1924 – 7 December 2003) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for four Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Benton was nominated for four Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20837367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837367" title="David Dancrade">
David Dancrade

David Dancrade (born 18 January 1976) is French heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Bonneuil Muaythai Club and Faucon Gym, both based in France. Dancrade is the former Boxing and Muay Thai champion of France. He had his K-1 debut at K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 Final, at the fight up against Japanese kickboxer Musashi in which he suffered a KO at first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20837370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837370" title="Yuzo Minami">
Yuzo Minami

Minami previously played for Ehime F.C. in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20837378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837378" title="Michael Hurst (disambiguation)">
Michael Hurst (disambiguation)

Michael Hurst is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20837392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837392" title="Toru Chishima">
Toru Chishima


</doc>
<doc id="20837393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837393" title="Volim Te">
Volim Te

Volim Te is the latest release from the Sarajevo based pop rock band Crvena Jabuka. It was released in 2009. The album contains a wide array of love songs since vocalist Drazen Zeric got married the previous year.
Personal.
Non Band.
Featuring:

</doc>
<doc id="20837394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837394" title="Robert Mercier">
Robert Mercier

Robert Mercier (14 October 1909 - 23 September 1958) was a French footballer. 
He played for Club Français, RC Paris, RC Arras and Stade Rennais. Alongside Walter Kaiser, he was Ligue 1 first top goalscorer with 15 goals in 1932-33.
After his playing career, he became a coach with FC Dieppe .

</doc>
<doc id="20837404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837404" title="Singapore Treaty on the Law of Trademarks">
Singapore Treaty on the Law of Trademarks

The Singapore Treaty on the Law of Trademarks was adopted in Singapore on March 27, 2006. It entered into force on March 16, 2009, following the ratification or accession of ten countries, namely Singapore, Switzerland, Bulgaria, Romania, Denmark, Latvia, Kyrgyzstan, United States of America, Republic of Moldova, and Australia. The treaty establishes common standards for procedural aspects of trademark registration and licensing.
As of January 2014, there are 35 contracting parties with the treaty in force.

</doc>
<doc id="20837415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837415" title="Ryota Miki">
Ryota Miki


</doc>
<doc id="20837421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837421" title="Dennis Latimer">
Dennis Latimer

Captain Dennis Latimer was a World War I flying ace notable for achieving 28 aerial victories, all against enemy fighter planes. 
Dennis Latimer was born in Withington, Ireland to James D. and Ida L. Latimer.
He was assigned to Number 20 Squadron Royal Flying Corps as a pilot flying a Bristol F.2B two-seat fighters in early 1918.
On 13 March 1918, teamed with observer/gunner Lieutenant James John Scaramanga, he scored his first victory, which was the only one he scored in the Royal Flying Corps. 
After the Royal Air Force was founded on 1 April, Latimer went on to 27 more victories. His observer/gunner for victories 2 to 22 was Lieutenant Tom Cecil Noel, and his final victories were with Sergeant Arthur Ernest Newland as observer. All three of these observers became aces in their own right.
On 22 August 1918, Latimer was flying again with Noel, when they were shot down by "Leutnant" Willi Nebgen of Jagdstaffel 7. Noel was killed and Latimer was captured.
Latimer's final total claimed in conjunction with his gunners was 1 aircraft captured, 17 aircraft destroyed (including one shared victory), and 10 'out of control' wins (2 shared).

</doc>
<doc id="20837423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837423" title="Eudo Dapifer">
Eudo Dapifer

Eudo Dapifer (sometimes Eudo fitzHerbert); (died 1120), was a Norman aristocrat who served as a steward (sewer, Latin dapifer) under William the Conqueror, William II Rufus, and Henry I.
Life.
Eudo was the fourth son of Hubert of Ryes, who is legendarily known as the loyal vassal who hosted Duke William of Normandy prior to his flight from Valognes during a revolt 1047. Eudo's brothers were Robert, Bishop of Séez, Hubert, William, and Adam. A sister, Albreda, was married to Peter de Valognes. There was also a sister, named Muriel, who was married to Osbert. Eudo is known as "dapifer" because of his position as a steward or sewer which in Latin is "dapifer".
Service in England.
There is no evidence of Eudo having been at the Battle of Hastings, although some have speculated that Wace may have designated him as the Sire de Préaux which Eudo was in possession of by 1070. After the Norman Conquest of England all five brothers and their father were in England.
Eudo's brother Ralph was named Castellan of Nottingham, Hubert had custody of Norwich Castle, and Adam was one of the commissioners of the Domesday Survey in 1085. Eudo received lands in Essex, Hertfordshire, Berkshire, Bedfordshire, Northamptonshire, Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Hampshire, Norfolk and in Suffolk; as well as being a steward in the English royal household by at least 1072. Sometime after the Domesday Survey he inherited the lands of his bother Adam, held of Odo, Biship of Bayeux, and those of his brother William at Bardley, Hertfordshire.
Eudo was present at Rouen for the death of King William, and then accompanied the new king, William II of England to England; securing for him the royal castles at Dover, Pevensey, and Hastings.
Eudo was steward to William II also, and was one of the early adherents, witnessing charters and serving in the royal household. In 1096/7 Eudo founded Colchester Abbey. During William II's reign, Eudo witnessed 27 royal writs. The historian Francis West, who studied the office of the justiciarship, asserts that Eudo, along with Haimo and Urse d'Abetot, as well as Ranulf Flambard, could be considered the first English justiciars, a position that the historian Emma Mason has modified towards them being the first barons of the exchequer. By that time Eudo's position was so powerful that he was able to impede efforts by the monks of Westminster Abbey to recover a church in London that had previously belonged to the abbey but had been alienated.
Eudo continued as a steward to King Henry I of England, William's younger brother who succeeded as king in 1100. Eudo was one of the witnesses to Henry's coronation charter, issued shortly after his coronation in August 1100. Eudo was also a royal witness to the treaty between Henry and his brother Robert Curthose in 1101. From his service to Henry, Eudo acquired more lands, including the town of Colchester and several manors. Eudo continued to be a frequent witness to the royal charters and writs, along with Urse and Haimo. In 1103, Eudo's son-in-law William de Mandeville had lands confiscated which were then granted to Eudo. The punishment was likely for allowing Ranulf Flambard to escape from the Tower of London in 1101.
Eudo died at Préaux in Normandy early in 1120 but was buried at Colchester 28 February 1120. He left gifts to Colchester Abbey, including the manor of Brightlingsea.
Family.
Eudo was married to Rohais, daughter of Richard Fitz Gilbert, in about 1088. They had one daughter Margaret who married William de Mandeville and Otuer fitzCount. She was the mother of Geoffrey de Mandeville, first Earl of Essex.
References.
The original text of this article was taken from:

</doc>
<doc id="20837429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837429" title="FV North American">
FV North American

The F/V "North American" is one of the commercial crab fishing boats featured on the Discovery Channel series "Deadliest Catch". The boat is owned by Erling Skaar. Both sons of Erling Skaar, Sten and John Skaar, work the boat. Sten Skaar captains the "North American" for all crabbing voyages. 
The "North American" was built in 1975 in Seattle. The North American is the only crab fishing vessel to currently be equipped with the Gen-Tech system, an environmentally conscious fuel saving system which produces substantially less carbon emissions and cuts fuel usage almost in half. When the "North American" isn't fishing in the Bering Sea for king crab and opilio crab, the boat is being used as a research vessel for studies in green maritime technology and oil research, and is promoted as the embodiment of global green maritime innovation.

</doc>
<doc id="20837431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837431" title="Charles Langtree">
Charles Langtree

Charles Langtree was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League. 
He played his only league game in round 12 of the 1900 VFL season against St Kilda. He was wounded in World War I, and later died of his injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20837443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837443" title="Yuji Miyahara">
Yuji Miyahara


</doc>
<doc id="20837465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837465" title="Paul Van Den Berg">
Paul Van Den Berg

Paul Van Den Berg (born 11 October 1936) is a former international Belgian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20837485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837485" title="Yiyang County, Henan">
Yiyang County, Henan

Yiyang is a county in Luoyang municipality, Henan province.

</doc>
<doc id="20837489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837489" title="A. T. Ummer">
A. T. Ummer

A. T. Ummer () (10 March 1933 - 15 October 2001), was a noted Malayalam music composer from Kerala, India. He is known for composing many soft melodies for Malayalam movies.
Born in Thalasserry in Kannur district on 10 March 1933, Ummer made his debut in the 1967 film "Thalirukkal". It was director A. Vincent who first recognized musical talents of Ummer. In 1969 he got the opportunity to compose songs for the film "Almaram", directed by Vincent. Two years later, Vincent made the musical hit "Abhijathyam" which established A. T. Ummer in the Malayalam film field.
In the 1970s Ummer teamed up with lyricist Bichu Thirumala to compose some outstanding melodies. He has also given tunes to the lyrics by other eminent poets and song writers including, P. Bhaskaran and O. N. V. Kurup.
In 1976, he won the Kerala State Film Award for the best music director for the I. V. Sasi directed film "Aalinganam". The melancholic song "Thushaara bindhukkale" from the same movie fetched S. Janaki the Kerala State Film Award for the best female singer.
He composed many popular songs including "Oru mayil peeliyay njan", "Neela jalashayathil", "Marivill panthalitta", "Devi nin chiriyil", "Vakappoo maram choodum", "Chemapakappoonkavanathile", "Ninnepunaran neettiya kaikalil", "Vrishchika rathri than", Pottikkaranjukondomane,Thushara bindukkale,Unni aarariro and "Oru nimisham tharoo". He died aged 68 on 15 October 2001, after prolonged illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20837494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837494" title="Experimental High School Attached to Beijing Normal University">
Experimental High School Attached to Beijing Normal University

The Experimental High School Attached to Beijing Normal University (, commonly abbreviated as () or Experimental High () and sometimes referred to as SDSZ, is a "beacon high school" (model high school) in Xicheng District, Beijing, China established in 1917. It has junior high school, from grade 7 to grade 9, and senior high school, from grade 10 to grade 12.
About.
SDSZ is an experimental base for instituting the teaching re-forms of the Ministry of Education and Beijing Normal University, as well as a cradle for training middle school students from all parts of China.
The school motto is "Honesty, sincerity, strictness, truth seeking and pioneering".
Founded in 1917, it was formerly known as the ""Girls' High School Attached to Beijing Normal University."". Alumni include scientists Hao Yichun (academician to the Chinese Academy), Hun Queen (former vice-president of China Science Institute) and Lu Shijia, female journalists Pu Xixiu and Chen Baisheng, as well as woman general Nie Li and female artist Xiao Shufang. Scholars and educators such as Ma Yinchu, Chen Jinmin, Fu Zhongsun, Cheng Chuntai, Min Sihe and Hu Jieqing used to teach in the school. 
In 1984 the school pioneered curriculum reform in Beijing. The Chinese textbooks compiled by the school teachers were approved by the Ministry of Education and are now used nationwide. In 1995 with the permission of the Beijing Educational Commission, a further curriculum reform was initiated with the first year students of senior high school. The revised curriculum includes required subjects, specialized courses, elective courses and extracurricular activities. 
In 1983 the reform project in moral education was established. The newly structured model system was based on students' self-management, and also students were given more freedom to attend activities in this area.
In 1996 the school began to exploit a new model of running a school. Based on this policy, the first joint-venture high school named Beijing Concord College of Sino-Canada was established. With the permission of the government, a private-under-government-support school, called the "Branch of Experimental Middle School Attached to Beijing Normal University", and another private school, "Bei Luyuan Branch of Experimental Middle School Attached to Beijing Normal University" were established.
In 1993 the Ministry of Education set up a special science class with students from all over the country. They study at the school for three years. Applicants are junior middle school graduates who are the top ten students in maths and physics competitions in their provinces. The students complete the courses in a shorter amount of time than the regular classes,and are given more freedom to choose their own subject matter. All the students in the experimental classes are enrolled into universities upon graduation without having to take the entrance examinations. 
Up till now, 13 of the students have received top level academic awards in international competitions. 94 students have received awards in the state competitions, and 1054 students have received awards in the Beijing competitions. With such achievements, the school was exempted from the State Examinations set for senior graduates by Beijing Education Commission (there are only two privileged schools in Beijing).
Since 1993 one hundred percent of the graduating class have been accepted to tertiary education. Among them about ninety percent entered key universities and colleges, with about twenty six percent enrolled in Qinghua University and Beijing University. Every year about ten students are selected by dozens of universities without taking entrance examinations.
All the teaching staff have met the state academic requirements. Young and middle-aged teachers occupy 63.2% of the staff. Over thirty teachers are city or district head-teachers in their subjects and some are heads of associations in their fields. In recent years, they have been involved in seven educational research projects at State or Education Ministry levels, and over a hundred research works have been published. Hundreds of these have been published in the state and city magazines. Many of these have received top awards in the district. In 2000, the school was evaluated as "the Advanced School in Research of Educational Science."
There is a strong focus on physical education and students' health. The female volleyball team and track team are known as the best teams in Beijing. With the reform of PE courses, required subjects and specialized courses were charged with a successful result. In 2000 the school was awarded a gold medal for the best promotion of students' health.
The school has received awards for promotion of international exchanges. Mr. Al Gore, the former vice president of the United States of America paid a visit to the school. Mrs. Annan, wife of Mr. Kofi Annan who acts as Secretary General of the United Nations came to visit this school. In the past ten years two hundred and twenty-six staff members and about two hundred students have studied at or visited schools in America, Canada, Japan, Britain, France, Germany, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Australia, South Africa and North Korea. Besides, the school has sister schools, such as the Hong Kong-based Chinese International School and American Milton Academy in Boston, USA.
School culture.
Motto.
The school motto is "Honesty; Strictness; Truth-seeking; Pioneering" (诚信、严谨、求是、拓新).
Faculty.
The school employs 300 faculty members, of which seven are national level education experts, 98 are senior teachers, and 107 are Masters or PhD graduates.
Campus.
Because of the large number of students, the school has two campuses. The school's gym and swimming pool were used for swimming and volleyball practice for the 29th Summer Olympiad. The school has two auditoriums, dormitories, and a laboratory building with an astronomical observatory.
Admission and Academics.
90% of the graduating class attend key universities in China. About 26% of the graduating class attend Tsinghua University and Beijing University, the two most prestigious universities in China. Many students attends top universities overseas, such as Yale, Princeton, UC Berkeley, etc.
Curriculum.
Besides the required courses, students can choose from more than 30 electives (including philosophy, German, French, Japanese, astronomy, robotics, chess, Model United Nations, Odyssey of the Mind, Junior Achievement courses,etc. ) and specialized physical education courses (including Taekwondo, swimming, basketball, etc.) 
The electives can only be selected once in a year, meaning a student can only pick and stick to one of the electives, which takes place only one period a week in designated time in the entire school year.
The school hast programs in Mathematics, Science and English. The students enrolled in the mathematics and science programs have a slightly different curriculum, often with their core courses being taught by the best teachers, and their mathematics and science lessons being a lot more advanced than the rest of the school. The other program is called English Experimental Class.
Achievements.
In 2009, a school team participated in the Global Commerce Challenge Competition of Beijing Middle School Students. There are five Grade 11 senior students composing the school team. Among the 32 teams from the high schools in Beijing, a school team won the first prize. Another team from the school won the second prize.
In the 15th NOIP (Beijing area), in the advanced group, five students won first prize, and four students third prize; in the basic group, seven students won the first prize, and six students, second prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20837499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837499" title="Houston Film Critics Society Awards 2007">
Houston Film Critics Society Awards 2007

The 1st Houston Film Critics Society Awards were announced on January 3, 2008. The awards are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society (HFCS) based in Houston, Texas. In addition to the category awards, the HFCS named filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen as "honorary Texans" for their work on "No Country for Old Men". This is the only year to date that the HFCS has presented an award in the "Best Performance by an Ensemble Cast" category.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted with boldface

</doc>
<doc id="20837504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837504" title="Shanzhai">
Shanzhai

Shanzhai (; alternatively spelt shanzai or shan zhai) refers to Chinese imitation and pirated brands and goods, particularly electronics. Literally "mountain village" or "mountain stronghold", the term refers to the mountain stockades of regional warlords or bandits, far away from official control. "Shanzhai" can also be stretched to refer to people who are lookalikes, low-quality or improved goods, as well as things done in parody.
Origin.
According to the "Xiandai Hanyu Dictionary", (现代汉语词典), "Shanzhai" can stand for two meanings:
Historically, "shanzhai" is sometimes used as a metaphor to describe bandits who oppose and evade the corrupted authority to perform deeds they see as justified. One example of such bandits is the story of "Outlaws of the Marsh" (水浒传) 
The use of "Shanzhai" to refer to imitation products comes from Cantonese slang, in which "shanzhai factory" means an ill-equipped, low-end and family-based factory. However, with the accumulation of profit, quite a few of those factories invest a lot of money to improve their equipment. Some factories also get investment from someone other than family members. Nowadays, a significant portion of Shanzhai factories are no longer ill-equipped or family-based. And their products are no longer poor-quality. Yet they still can not escape the fate of no-brand (or fake brand), not-for-sale in top department stores with non-shanzhai phones. One of the motivations for going 'Shanzhai' is the difficult regulations the Chinese government has established to become an official cell phone manufacturer. So to avoid the hassles companies try to operate under the radar. They can avoid taxes and regulation that way.
Another account of the origin is that because imitation electronic appliance manufacturers are largely located in Shenzhen, thus wholesalers from other parts of China started calling their products "Shenzhen product". Yet gradually "Shenzhen product" became "Shanzhai product" because they sound similar when people speak mandarin Chinese with a Cantonese accent.
Shanzhai products.
The use of "shanzhai" became popular with the outstanding sale performance of "shanzhai" cell phones. According to Gartner’s data, 1.15 billion cell phones were sold worldwide in 2007, and according to data provided by the Chinese government, 150 million "Shanzhai" cell phones were sold in the same year, thus making up more than one tenth of the global sales. In 2010 the Financial Times estimated that Shanzhai phones accounted for about 20 per cent of the global 2G mobile market.
The market for "shanzhai" cell phones is not only in China, but also in the surrounding developing countries in Asia, and developing countries in Africa and Latin America. The outstanding sales performance of "shanzhai" cell phones is usually attributed to their low price, multifunctional performance and imitations of trendy cell phone design. Although "shanzhai" companies do not use branding as a marketing strategy, they are known for their flexibility of design to meet specific market needs. For example, during Barack Obama’s 2008 U.S. presidential election campaign, "shanzhai" cell phone companies started selling "Obama" cell phones in Kenya, with the slogan "yes we can" and Obama’s name on the back of the cell phone. They also designed "Bird Nest" and "Fuwa" (福娃) cell phones in light of the Beijing Olympic Games.
Before the booming shanzhai cell phone industries, since the early 2000s, imitation electronic products like DVD players and MP3 players were already manufactured in the Pearl River Delta ("珠三角") area. Many shanzhai cell phone companies accumulated their capital in that process. After understanding that many buyers like lookalike phones, but didn't need blaring fake logos, many manufacturers adopted a practice of not using fraudulent logos, instead opting for a generically designed logo. So while an overseas buyer can easily find a lookalike phone, some sellers only sell those without the fake logo.
Shanzhai cellphones can be sold at very low prices compared to normal cellphones. On average, the imitations sell at retailers at about $US100-$US150, while production costs are about $US20.
Shanzhai cell phone factories are able to manufacture at a very low cost for two reasons, they do not buy cell phone manufacture licenses from the Chinese government, thus saving all the related costs.
Although there are many fake garments, watches, bags, and shoes in China, they are not called "shanzhai" products, perhaps because these fake products came into existence earlier than fake cellphones and the newer use of the term "shanzhai". "Shanzhai" cell phones may stand out as the most successful and most often discussed "shanzhai" products, because cell phones strongly symbolize wealth in china, but they are much more affordable than other symbolic signs of wealth like cars and apartments.
Quite a few shanzhai cell phone companies tried to exploit the market by making shanzhai Netbooks, but these gained little market acceptance and sales.
"Shanzhai" electric cars, which run on lead-acid batteries and sell for as little as $US2000-$US3000, are being produced in the Shandong province.
In January 2011 the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the State Administration of Industry and Commerce announced a crackdown on shanzhai phone sellers and manufacturers. The administration blamed "money-stealing" services that used the cheap phones to steal services using customers' SIM cards. Industry commentator Liu Sheng said that it was more likely to be linked to the country's intellectual property rights protection campaigns.
Shanzhaiism.
Shanzhaiism 山寨主義 is a philosophical term denoting a Chinese style of innovation with a peasant mind-set. Some observers think that Western style innovation cannot be developed in China. They say that, in the Web2.0 era, most innovative products and services are produced by the west, so it seems that China has no say and no way in this era.
Shanzhaiism has a long tradition. Products needed to be designed to suit peasants, which form most of China's population.
Shanzhaiism has an equivalent English term: tinker. Lacking a garage, they build products in villages in the mountains that have stockade houses. However, with shanzhaiism in mind, people can produce fake and pirate products in a massively organized way.
Shanzhaiism can be analyzed using a term coined by Jean-Paul Sartre: Bad faith. Fake and pirate products are produced. For example, there was once a so-called Fake-One Road ( 山寨一條街 ) in China.
This kind of phenomena is not confined to fake products. The mind set of shanzhaiism even extends to advertisements. For example, a shanzhai phone advertisement uses the president of the United States, Obama, to promote its shanzhai products.
Shanzhai culture.
The frequent reference to shanzhai cell phones on internet and in traditional media made people start labeling low-cost imitation cultural activities as shanzhai as well. Some of the most well-known events include the Shanzhai National Spring Gala ("山寨春节联欢晚会"), Shanzhai Lecture Room ("山寨百家讲坛"), Shanzhai Olympic Torch Relay ("山寨奥运火炬传递"), and Shanzhai Nobel Prize ("山寨诺贝尔奖"). One thing these events have in common is that they all imitate high-end, popular yet authoritative events in which grass-roots power usually has no participating role.
While the purpose of the above-mentioned shanzhai events is arguably just for the participants to have fun and to experience being the authority, other shanzhai cultural phenomena, like the shanzhai products, are profit-oriented. For example, some low-end performing agencies will hire people who look like pop stars to perform in rural areas, where people cannot afford to watch the actual stars. Thus shanzhai Jay Chou ("山寨周杰伦"), shanzhai Andy Lau ("山寨刘德华") and shanzhai Faye Wong ("山寨王菲") appear in many underdeveloped places in China.
Shanzhai movies are another profit-driven shanzhai phenomenon. These movies usually have low budgets, yet achieve commercial success by parodying, making fun of or borrowing elements from high-end Hollywood blockbuster movies. One of the first shanzhai movies is Ning Hao’s (宁浩) "Crazy Stone" (疯狂的石头). It imitates the multi-angle shooting, rapid cutting and stunts that are usually used in Hollywood action movies, yet it retains the grass-roots Chinese set up. With a 3 million Hong Kong dollar budget, "Crazy Stone" achieved 22 million-box-office revenue. Following its success, shanzhai movies like "the Big Movie" series ("大电影"系列") and "No.2 in the World" ("天下第二") were made. Some also argue that Hollywood parody movies like "Scary Movie" are the true inspirational force behind shanzhai movies.
However, similar counterfeiting subcultures are not confined to China. YouTube memes that pose as coming feature film trailers, but are in fact a montage of past films could come from any part of the world, and would fit squarely into the definition of shanzhai.
Critical reception.
The heated online debate about whether shanzhai should be encouraged or denounced is arguably due to Ni Ping (), a well-known CCTV host's proposal during the Lianghui (two conferences) this year. She proposed to establish relevant legislation that will eliminate the shanzhai phenomenon by arguing that the copycat culture associated with shanzhai will stifle genuine creativity and hamper awareness of property rights. While some agree with her, others point out that in order to give objective comment on the shanzhai phenomenon, one has to distinguish shanzhai products from pirated products and shanzhai culture from shanzhai products. They also argue that although many shanzhai culture events manifest themselves as copycat events, some also have true original elements. Western media like the Wall Street Journal and the New Yorker

</doc>
<doc id="20837513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837513" title="List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 2009">
List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 2009

The "Billboard" Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of the United States. Published by "Billboard" magazine, the data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, and airplay. There were a total of 12 number-one singles in 2009, although 13 claimed the top spot as Beyoncé's "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" reached its peak position in 2008, and thus is excluded.
In 2009, six acts achieved their first U.S. number-one single either as a lead artist or a featured guest: Lady Gaga, Colby O'Donis The Black Eyed Peas, Jay Sean, Jason DeRulo, and Owl City. Jay-Z earned his first number-one single as a lead artist (with Alicia Keys) with "Empire State of Mind", after being the featured guest on three number-one singles. Lady Gaga and Black Eyed Peas each earned two number-one singles.
Black Eyed Peas broke the record for having spent the most consecutive weeks at number one (26 weeks consecutive weeks at the top) with "I Gotta Feeling" the longest-running number-one single of 2009 and of the 2000s (decade) (fourteen weeks), along with the non-consecutive Mariah Carey's "We Belong Together" in 2005, and their first number-one single "Boom Boom Pow", which topped the chart for twelve weeks. 
Notable highlights of the 2009 Billboard Hot 100 issues include Kelly Clarkson's "My Life Would Suck Without You", which broke the record for the biggest leap to number one by jumping from number 97 to the number-one position. Britney Spears's "3" became the only non-'American Idol' song to debut at number one in the 2000s (decade).

</doc>
<doc id="20837530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837530" title="Kulan">
Kulan

Kulan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20837562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837562" title="Claudio Brindis de Salas">
Claudio Brindis de Salas

Claudio Brindis de Salas Monte (Havana, 30 October 1800 – 17 December 1872) was a black violinist and double bass player who directed the most famous Cuban dance orchestra of his day. His band, the "Concho de Oro" (the 'Golden Shell'), founded in the early 19th century, was the most popular band of its time. It played the dance music of the epoch at the balls of the island's aristocracy: contradanzas, minuets, rigadoons, quadrilles, lancers, waltzes. Concha de Oro was basically a típica, or wind orchestra, which was sometimes augmented to 100 players for special occasions such as fiestas.
Brindis de Salas, a disciple of the maestro Ignacio Calvo, was also a composer of creole danzas and the author of an operetta, "Congojas matrimoniales". In 1844 his musical career was interrupted by his involvement in the Escalera Conspiracy, for which whites were absolved, but blacks paid dearly. Brindis de Salas was arrested and tortured. He was banished from the island by the Governor, O'Donnell. Returning in 1848, he was imprisoned for two years, and when he eventually was free to think about reorganizing his band, he found out that most of them had been executed. 
Apart from the operetta, he is known for a melody dedicated to General Concha, printed in 1854. His son, Claudio Brindis de Salas Garrido (Havana, 4 August 1852 – Buenos Aires, 1 June 1911) was an even better violinist, of world renown.

</doc>
<doc id="20837570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837570" title="List of number-one R&amp;B/hip-hop songs of 2009 (U.S.)">
List of number-one R&amp;B/hip-hop songs of 2009 (U.S.)

The "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart ranks the best-performing singles in that category in the United States. The first number one song of the year was claimed by Beyoncé with "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". The song remained at the peak position in 2009 for a further six consecutive weeks, and it ranked as the number six song on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs year-end list. "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" was replaced by Jamie Foxx's song "Blame It", featuring T-Pain, after it had spent twelve consecutive weeks atop the chart throughout late 2008 and early 2009. "Blame It" topped the chart for fourteen consecutive weeks, and it ranked as the number one song on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs year-end list. 
Jeremih's "Birthday Sex" topped the chart for two consecutive weeks. "Birthday Sex" ranked as the number twenty song on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs year end list. This was followed by Keri Hilson's song "Knock You Down", featuring Kanye West and Ne-Yo, which also peaked at number one for two consecutive weeks. "Knock You Down" ranked as the number eleven song on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs year end list. Drake's song "Best I Ever Had" spent seven weeks atop the chart. "Best I Ever Had" ranked at number four on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs year end list. He was succeeded by Maxwell's song "Pretty Wings", which spent fourteen consecutive weeks atop the chart. "Pretty Wings" ranked at number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs year end list. Jay-Z's collaboration featuring Alicia Keys, "Empire State of Mind", spent three weeks at number one. "Papers" by Usher peaked at number one for two weeks. The last song to peak at number one in 2009 was Trey Songz's song "I Invented Sex" featuring Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="20837632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837632" title="Houston Film Critics Society Awards 2008">
Houston Film Critics Society Awards 2008

The 2nd Houston Film Critics Society Awards were given out at a ceremony held at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston on December 17, 2008. The awards are presented annually by the Houston Film Critics Society based in Houston, Texas.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted with boldface

</doc>
<doc id="20837689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837689" title="Araneus bradleyi">
Araneus bradleyi

Araneus bradleyi, known as the Enamelled Spider is a common Australian spider belonging to the family Araneidae. It occurs in Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria, Australia.
Description and Habit.
The body length of males is 8 to 9 mm and females from 14 to 18 mm. The abdomen has an enamelled appearance which varies in different parts of the country. In some areas different forms appear side by side. Some are a pure jade colour. The egg sac is round in shape, flat on the bottom where it is fastened down, of red brown silk of a woolly appearance. The eggs are 1 mm in diameter, in a sticky mass.
The Enamelled Spider hunts in the web at night, and often retreats to surrounding vegetation in the day. Their prey is small flying insects caught in a sloping orb web, around one metre above ground level.

</doc>
<doc id="20837702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837702" title="List of number-one modern rock hits of 2009 (U.S.)">
List of number-one modern rock hits of 2009 (U.S.)

This is a list of the songs the reached number one on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in 2009. The chart was renamed from "Modern Rock Tracks" on June 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20837760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837760" title="Les Lee">
Les Lee

Les Lee was an Australian rules footballer from South Australia who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League. He played in the famous services match in London, but was killed whilst serving in Belgium during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20837776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837776" title="Denise Eisenberg Rich">
Denise Eisenberg Rich

Denise Rich ("née" Eisenberg; born January 26, 1944) is a US-born Austrian singer-songwriter, socialite, philanthropist, and political fundraiser.
Music career.
In 1984, Rich penned the lyrics to "Frankie", a hit in 1986 for the R&B group Sister Sledge. Since then, she has written songs recorded by Phyllis Hyman, Natalie Cole, Celine Dion, Jessica Simpson, Marc Anthony, Patti LaBelle, Chaka Khan, and Diana Ross. Her work has been nominated three times for Grammy Awards, most recently for the 1999 Aretha Franklin/Mary J. Blige duet entitled "Don't Waste Your Time". She also co-wrote the international hit "Candy" recorded by Mandy Moore.
Philanthropy.
Gabrielle Rich Aouad, Denise and Marc Rich's daughter, died of leukemia at age 27. As a result, Denise Rich and Philip Aouad, Gabrielle's widower, founded the G&P Foundation for Cancer Research. It has since been renamed Gabrielle’s Angel Foundation for Cancer Research.
Personal life.
Marc Rich and Denise Eisenberg met on a blind date, engineered by her father, wealthy shoe manufacturer Emil Eisenberg. They married in 1966 and had three children, Daniella, Ilona, and Gabrielle. They divorced in 1996.
Ex-husband's presidential pardon.
Marc Rich received pardon from U.S. President Bill Clinton on January 20, 2001, Clinton's last day in office. The pardon became controversial after reports surfaced that Denise Rich had made donations totalling more than one million dollars to the Democratic Party and the William J. Clinton Presidential Center and Park. At a congressional hearing into whether the pardon was granted in exchange for her contributions, Rich invoked the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which denies the government power to compel self-incrimination.
Citizenship.
Rich renounced her U.S. citizenship in November 2011 and became an Austrian citizen.
Offshore leaks.
In April 2013, as part of the Offshore leaks tax evasion scandal, financial records were released that showed that Denise Rich in April 2006 had USD 144 million protected from scrutiny by the Cook Islands in the South Pacific in the form of a trust including a Learjet 60 and a 157-foot yacht called the "Lady Joy".

</doc>
<doc id="20837779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837779" title="List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 2009 (Canada)">
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 2009 (Canada)

The Canadian Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of Canada. Published by "Billboard" magazine, its data are similar to "Billboard" U.S.-based Hot 100 in that it compiles Nielsen SoundScan based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, as well as airplay. Canada's airplay chart is compiled with information collected from monitoring more than 100 stations that represent rock, country, adult contemporary and contemporary hit radio genres. The online version of the chart features the Canadian flag next to tracks that qualify as Canadian content.
In 2009, eight acts achieved their first Canadian number-one single either as a lead artist or a featured guest:
Kelly Clarkson, Eminem, 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, Kesha, The Black Eyed Peas, David Guetta and Akon.
In 2009, 9 singles topped the chart. Although 10 singles claimed the top spot in the 52 issues of the magazine, Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" began its peak position in late 2008, and is thus excluded. Both The Black Eyed Peas and Kesha earned two number-one singles, Kesha one as a feature and one as a lead artist. Three number-one singles tied for the longest and second-longest running chart-topping single of 2009, for sixteen weeks: The Black Eyed Peas' "I Gotta Feeling"; for nine weeks: Rapper Flo Rida's "Right Round", and The Black Eyed Peas "Boom Boom Pow". Both "Right Round" and "Boom Boom Pow" had non-consecutive runs, while "I Gotta Feeling" had a consecutive run, and broke charts records. Other chart-topping singles from 2009 include Lady Gaga's "Poker Face", which stayed at number one for nine non-consecutive weeks, six weeks in 2009 and three weeks in end of 2008. Britney Spears's "3" is noted for its jump from eighty six to first place on the Canadian Hot 100, the largest first place leap since the chart's establishment. David Guetta's "Sexy Bitch" made him the second non-North American and the first French act to reach number-one on the chart. Eminem's "Crack a Bottle" is the first posse cut number one single in the Canadian Hot 100 features Dr. Dre and 50 Cent.
The Black Eyed Peas broke the record for having spent the most non-consecutive weeks at number one (25 weeks non-consecutive weeks at the top) with "I Gotta Feeling" the longest-running number-one single of 2009 (sixteen weeks and broke chart records for the longest running single at number one in the Canadian Hot 100), and their first number-one single "Boom Boom Pow", which topped the chart for nine non-consecutive weeks.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20837794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837794" title="Carlos Ott">
Carlos Ott

Carlos Ott (born October 16, 1946, in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan architect who resides in Canada and many other countries. He became famous when he won his first prize in 1983 (among 744 architects from all over the world) for the construction of the Opéra de la Bastille in Paris, which was inaugurated on July 14, 1989 (bicentennial of the French Revolution). He has offices in Toronto, Quebec, Shanghai, Dubai and Montevideo.
Education.
He studied at the School of Architecture of the University of the Republic, Uruguay where he graduated at the age of 23. In 1971, he received the Fulbright Scholarship which allowed him to study at the University of Hawaii as well as graduate with a Masters in Architecture and Urban Design from Washington University School of Architecture in St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.A. in 1972.
Career.
From 1972 to 1974, he worked as an architect for Baldwin & Chesire Architects in Georgia, U.S.A. and for ARQUECO in San Jose, Costa Rica. In 1975 he moved to Toronto, Canada where he was associate architect until 1979 at Moffat, Moffat Kinoshita & Associates Architects. From 1979 to 1983 he joined Cadillac Fairview Corporation as architect responsible for commercial and multi-purpose projects in Canada. From 1983 to 1993 he joined NORR Partnership Ltd, the largest Canadian firm located in Toronto, Canada as partner heading the Design and Architecture Division. Under his direction important projects in Canada and the United Arab Emirates were designed and built, such as: the Federal Court Building (Ottawa, Canada), Simcoe Plaza (Toronto, Canada), Mixed Use Complex and Residential/Commercial Development for HE. Sheik Tahnoon (Dubai, U.A.E.), Union National Bank (Dubai, U.A.E.), National Bank of Dubai (Dubai, U.A.E.), Union National Bank (Abu Dhabi, U.A.E.).
In 1983, Ott won the international design competition for the Opera de la Bastille in Paris, France, to commemorate the 200 year anniversary of the French Revolution on July 14, 1989. Carlos Ott was selected from 744 participants as one of the three finalists and then hand-picked by François Mitterrand, President of France, as the winner of this prestigious project. In order to carry out the supervision of this project, he moved to Paris and formed a team, which in turn gave him international recognition and opened doors to many countries. 
His next accomplishments followed by winning the competition for an extremely advanced hospital in Weimar, Germany and several competitions in the United Arab Emirates such as: the Sheikh Zayed Road Development Project (Abu Dhabi), the National Bank of Abu Dhabi Headquarters (Abu Dhabi), Etisalat Telecom & Administration Building (Abu Dhabi), Majid Al Futtaim Project (Dubai), Baniyas Road Development (Dubai), Offices for the Al-Futtaim Group (Dubai), the New Dubai Creek Hilton Hotel (Dubai).
As well in 1993, Carlos Ott won several other competitions in Europe such as the Salle des Spectacles in Mont de Marzan Landes, France and the Thomson Headquarters Building, Offices and Laboratories in Geneva, Switzerland. 
In 1992 he returned to Uruguay to open an office which would complement his others around the world. From this new addition to his consortium, he completed projects such as: the International Airport of Laguna del Sauce (Punta del Este, Uruguay), the International Airport of Ushuaia-Malvinas Argentinas (Tierra del Fuego, Argentina), the Punta Shopping Centre (Punta del Este, Uruguay), the new headquarters for the state owned telecommunications company ANTEL (Montevideo, Uruguay), the Libertad Plaza Building (Buenos Aires, Argentina), the International Airport Lago Argentino (El Calafate, Provincia de Santa Cruz, Argentina) and others.
In 1997 he was invited to participate in the competition for the Jiang Su Opera House, (Nanjing, China) where he obtained first prize. As a result, he was invited into another series of very important competitions such as the Beijing Opera House, the Commercial and Residential GW Plaza, and won the contract for the National Grand Theater of Hangzhou, China from yet another international competition. He won after Dong Guan Yulan Theatre, the Wenzhou National Theatre and the Henan Art Centre. In front of the Hangzhou Grand Theatre was selected to build the Hangzhou International Conference Center including a 5 stars hotel of more than 400 rooms.
The unique style of his architecture is recognized in many countries through prestigious awards such as: Arts et Lettres and the Legion d´Honneur awarded in 1986 and 1988 respectively by François Mitterrand, the President of France, the Faculty of Architecture in Uruguay awarded him with the Gold Medal in 1990, the University of Washington with the Distinguished Alumni Award 1997, and the Museo de Bellas Artes in Buenos Aires with the Vitruvio Award, also in 1997.
Carlos Ott continues to travel the world and is currently working on projects in USA, Canada, Argentina, Chile, Peru, Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Panama, Singapore, China, United Arab Emirates, India, Sri Lanka, Brazil, Philippines and Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="20837795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837795" title="Chola Navy">
Chola Navy

The Chola Navy (Tamil: சோழர் கடற்படை; Cōḻar kadatpadai) comprised the naval forces of the Chola Empire along with several other naval-arms of the country. The Chola navy played a vital role in the expansion of the Chola Empire, including the conquest of the Ceylon islands and naval raids on Sri Vijaya (present-day Indonesia).
The navy grew both in size and status during the Medieval Cholas reign. The Chola Admirals commanded much respect and prestige in the society. The navy commanders also acted as diplomats in some instances. From 900 to 1100, the navy had grown from a small backwater entity to that of a potent power projection and diplomatic symbol in all of Asia, but was gradually reduced in significance when the Cholas fought land battles for subjugating the Chalukyas of Andhra-Kannada area in South India.
History.
Historians divide the Chola Reign into three distinct phases. The first era is the period of Early Cholas .The second phase is of Vijalaya Cholas and the final phase in the empire was the Chalukya Chola period.
The Cholas were at the height of their power from the later half of the 9th century through to the early 13th century. Under Rajaraja Chola I and his son Rajendra Chola I, the dynasty became a military, economic and cultural power in Asia. During the period 1010–1200, the Chola territories stretched from the islands of the Maldives in the south to as far north as the banks of the Godavari River in Andhra Pradesh. Rajaraja Chola conquered peninsular South India, annexed parts of Sri Lanka and occupied the islands of the Maldives. Rajendra Chola sent a victorious expedition to North India that touched the river Ganges and defeated the Pala ruler of Pataliputra, Mahipala. He also successfully raided kingdoms of Maritime Southeast Asia.
Early activity.
The earliest Chola kings of whom there is tangible evidence are mentioned in the Sangam literature. Scholars now generally agree that this literature belongs to the first few centuries of the common era. The Sangam literature is full of names of the kings and the princes, and of the poets who extolled them. Despite literature that depicts the life and work of these people, these cannot be worked into connected history.
Ancient navy.
The earliest record of Chola naval activity by an external source dates to around the 1st century, the Roman report of Kaveripoompattinam(presently known as Poombuhar) as "Haverpoum " and a description of how the Trade vessels were escorted by the King's fleet to the estuary as it was a natural harbor in the mouth of the river Kaveri.
Little archeological evidence exists of the maritime activities of this era, except some excavated wooden plaques depicting naval engagements in the vicinity of the old city ("See Poompuhar for more details"). However, much insight into the naval activities of the Cholas has been gathered from Periplus of the Erythrean Sea. In this work, the unknown merchant describes the activity of escort-ships assigned to the merchant vessels with valuable cargo. These early naval ships had some sort of a rudimentary flame-thrower and or a catapult type weapon.
Colandia, the great ships which was used by Early Cholas. By this they sailed to pacific islands from Kaveripatnam(as center). At that time, Pattinathu Pillai is the chief of the Chola's Navy.
Medieval navy.
Interregnum.
Little is known about the transition period of around three centuries from the end of the Sangam age (c. 300) up to the time when the Pandyas and Pallavas dominated the Tamil country (c. 600). An obscure dynasty, the Kalabhras, invaded the Tamil country, displaced the existing kingdoms and ruled for around three centuries. They were displaced by the Pallavas and the Pandyas in the 6th century.
This period from the 3rd century until 7th century is a blind spot in the maritime tradition of the Cholas. Little is known of the fate of the Cholas during the succeeding three centuries until the accession of Vijayalaya in the second quarter of the 9th century. In the Interregnum, the Cholas were probably reduced to Vassals of Pallavas, though at times they switched sides and allied with Pandyas and tried to dispose their overlords. But, there is no concrete line of kings or court recordings.
However, even during this time the Cholas had maintained a small but potent Naval force based inland in the Kaveri river. During this time they dominated the inland trade in the Kaveri basin and Musuri is their major inland port. Dry-docks built during this period exist to this day.
Imperial navy with blue-water capabilities.
This phase of the history is the most well documented one, partly due the survival of the edicts and inscriptions from the time along with reliable foreign narratives. This has enabled historians to interpolate various accounts and come up with a clear account of Chola Naval activities of the time.
The Imperial Chola navy took its shape in the aftermath of the resurgence of Chola power, with the rise of Vijalaya dynasty. During the Pallavas rule, the Cholas took control of not only the territories, but the cultural and socio-economic mantle. Thus, the Medieval Cholas inherited the will to dominate trade and control seas from the Pallavas.
The evolution of combat ships and naval-architecture elsewhere played an important part in the development of the Pallava Navy. There were serious efforts in the period of the Pallava king Simavishnu to control the piracy in South East Asia and to establish a Tamil friendly regime in the Malay peninsula. However, this effort was accomplished only three centuries later by the new Naval power of the Cholas.
The three decades of conflict with the Sinhala King Mahinda V came to a swift end, after Raja Raja Chola I's (985-1014) ascent to the throne and his decisive use of the naval flotilla to subdue the Sinhalese.
This period also marked the departure in thinking from the age-old traditions. Rajaraja commissioned various foreigners (Prominently, the Arabs and Chinese) in the naval building program. These effort were continued and the benefits were reaped by his successor, Rajendra Chola I. Rajendra led a successful expedition against the Sri Vijaya kingdom (present day Indonesia) and subdued Sailendra. Though there were friendly exchanges between the Sri Vijaya empire and the Chola Empire in preceding times (including the construction of chudamani Pagoda in Nagapattinam), the raid seems to have been motivated by the commercial interests rather than any political motives.
Trade, commerce and diplomacy.
The Cholas excelled in foreign trade and maritime activity, extending their influence overseas to China and Southeast Asia. A fragmentary Tamil inscription found in Sumatra cites the name of a merchant guild "Nanadesa Tisaiyayirattu Ainnutruvar" (literally, "the five hundred from the four countries and the thousand directions"), a famous merchant guild in the Chola country. The inscription is dated 1088, indicating that there was an active overseas trade during the Chola period.
Towards the end of the 9th century, southern India had developed extensive maritime and commercial activity, especially with the Chinese and Arabs. The Cholas, being in possession of parts of both the west and the east coasts of peninsular India, were at the forefront of these ventures. The Tang dynasty of China, the Srivijaya empire in the Malayan archipelago under the Sailendras, and the Abbasid Kalifat at Baghdad were the main trading partners.
The trade with the Chinese was a very lucrative enterprise, and Trade guilds needed the king's approval and the license from the customs force/department to embark on overseas voyages for trade. The normal trade voyage of those day involved three legs of journey, starting with the Indian goods (mainly spices, cotton and gems) being shipped to China and in the return leg the Chinese goods (silk, incense,iron) were brought back to Chola ports. After some materials were utilized for local consumption, the remaining cargo along with Indian cargo was shipped to the Arabs. Traditionally, this involved transfer of material/cargo to many ships before the ultimate destination was reached.
Combating Piracy in Southeast Asia.
The Strategic position of Sri Vijaya and Khamboj (modern-day Cambodia) as a midpoint in the trade route between Chinese and Arabian ports was crucial. Up to 5th century, the Arabs traded with Chinese directly using Sri Vijaya as a port of call and replenishment hub. Realizing their potential, the Sri Vijaya empire began to encourage the sea piracy surrounding the area. The benefits were twofold, the loot from piracy was a good bounty and it ensured their sovereignty and cooperation from all the trading parties. Piracy also grew stronger due to a conflict of succession in Sri Vijaya, when two princes fought for the throne and in turn, relied on the loot from the sea-piracy for their civil war.
The pirate menace grew to unprecedented levels. Sea trade with China was virtually impossible without the loss of 1/3 of the convoy for every voyage. Even escorted convoys came under attacks, which was a new factor. Repeated diplomatic missions urged the Sri Vijaya empire to curb the piracy, with little effect. With the rise in piracy, and in the absence of Chinese commodity, the Arabs, on whom the Cholas were dependent of horses for their cavalry corps, began to demand high prices for their trade. This led to a slew of reduction in the Chola army. The Chinese were equally infuriated by the piracy menace, as they too were losing revenue.
The culmination of three century's combined naval traditions of Pallavas and Cholas led to the most known accomplishment of the Chola Navy (or any Indian power for that matter)., Namely the 1st expedition of the Chola navy into the Malay peninsula.
In one particular note, the Cholas went as far as to conquer the Kamboja and gave it to the Sri Vijaya kings (as per their request) to ensure cooperation in the curbing piracy.
Cooperation with the Chinese.
Chinese Song Dynasty reports record that an embassy from "Chulian" (Chola) reached the Chinese court in the year 1077, and that the king of the Chulien at the time was called "Ti-hua-kia-lo". It is possible that these syllables denote "Deva Kulo" (Kulothunga Chola I). This embassy was a trading venture and was highly profitable to the visitors, who returned with '81,800 strings of copper coins in exchange for articles of tributes, including glass articles, and spices'.
The close diplomatics tie between the Song dynasty of China and the Medieval Cholas facilitated many technological innovations to travel both ways. The more interesting ones to have reached Chinese shores are:
Organization and administration.
The Ancient Chola navy was based on trade vessel designs with little more than boarding implements, though this changed throughout the history. The later day navy was a specialized force with specially built ships for each type of combat.
The Imperial Navy of the Medieval Cholas was composed of a multitude of forces in its command. In addition to the regular navy (Kappal-Padai), there were many auxiliary forces that could be used in naval combat. The Chola Navy was an autonomous service unlike many of its contemporaries. The Army depended on the Naval-fleets for transportation and logistics. The navy also had a core of marines. Even saboteurs, who were trained pearl-fishermen were used, to dive and disable enemy vessels by destroying or damaging the rudder.
The Chola Navy could undertake any of the following combat and non-combat missions,
This multi-dimensional force enabled the Cholas to achieve the Military, Political and cultural hegemony over their vast dominion.
Administration.
The king/emperor was the supreme commander of all the military forces including the navy.
The navy is organized mostly on role based squadrons & divisions, containing various types of ships assigned for a specific role and home-ported in an associated base/port. This procedure became necessary, especially after the conquest of Ceylon. Normally, a Ganam (Fleet-Squadron) would (the largest individual unit)be commanded by a Ganathipathy (not to be confused with the elephant headed god Ganapathy).
There were numerous sub-units of operational reasons and organizational reasons or otherwise. Some are presented below,
Notes.
‡1. Kanni May mean any of the following in Tamil, the application on the meaning is in context of the usage. Virgin/Unmarried Girl, First timer, the Eastern corner/direction. A trap is also called as 'kanni'
2. Thalam being both the name of a tactical formation of the army and navy. Thalapathy meaning the lord of a "Thalam", roughly a division, and the rank is comparable to a modern-day colonel.
Rank structure.
The Chola navy used a hybrid rank structure. There were dedicated naval ranks as well as army-derived ranks. The Chola Navy used both naval ranks and army-style ranks. While some of the modern-day convention of ranks did apply, for example, the army captain is equal to a lieutenant in the navy and a navy captain is equal to a colonel in the army; others were totally different. So a small comparison is provided for comparison.
Other naval arms.
The auxiliary forces of the Chola Navy
In addition to the standing navy of the state, there were other services which had a naval arm of its own. Notable among them are the customs department, militia and the state monopoly of pearl fisheries. In addition to the state services, a small but formidable forces were maintained by various trade-guilds, these guilds are highly regulated and acted as mercenaries and reinforcements in times of need.
Customs and excise.
The Customs force, called Sungu (SUNGA ILLAKA) was highly organized and unlike anything in the ancient world. It was under the command of a Director-general like position called Thalai-Thirvai. Thalai - Head, Thirvai - duty (customs). It was highly evolved and had various departments Some are
Coast guard.
In the later years of the 1100, the navy was constantly battling in many fronts to protect Chola commercial, religious and political interests. So the home ports were literally, undefended. This led to a change in the of outlook Chola naval strategy, the sturdier and larger vessels were repeatedly called to reinforce the high-sea flotilla, leading to the development of a specialized auxiliary force of fast and heavily armed light ships in large numbers. The erstwhile Karaipirivu was the natural choice for this expansion and in time they became an autonomous force vested with the duties of protecting the Chola territorial waters, home ports, patrol of newly captured ports and coastal cities.
Privateers.
The state's dependence on overseas trade for much valued foreign exchange created the powerful Trade-guilds, some of which grew more powerful than the regional governors.
And in the increasingly competitive field of international trade, the state faced with difficulties to reinforce and or rescue stranded Merchant ships in high seas, in a timely manner. This led to the establishment of privateer navies. Like its European counterparts, they had no National markings and employed multi-national crews.
But, they were employed by the Trade-guilds rather than the Empire, giving the Traders an edge in the seas. Normally, they performed path-finding, escort and protection duties. but, in more than a few occasions, these forces had been summoned to serve the Empire's interests.
Notable Trade guilds which employed a privateer navy were,
Vessels and weapons.
Even before the accounts of the 1st century BCE, there were written accounts of shipbuilding and war-craft at sea. Professor R.C. Majumdar says that there existed a comprehensive book of naval-architecture in India dating back to 2nd century BCE, if not earlier.
During the reign of Raja Raja and his son, there were a complex classification of class of vessels and its utility. Some of the survived classes' name and utility are below.
Though all ships of the time employed a small Marine force (for boarding enemy vessels), this class of ship seems to have had a separate cabins and training area for them.
This ship also is said to be able to engage in asymmetrical warfare.
Apart from class definitions, there are names of Royal Yachts and their architecture.
Some of which are,
In addition to these, we find many names of Ship classes in Purananuru and its application in both inland waters and open oceans. Some of them are,
Campaigns.
In the tenure spanning the 700 years of its "documented" existence, the Chola Navy was involved in confrontations for probably 500 years. There were frequent skirmishes and many pitched battles. Not to mention long campaigns and expeditions. The 5th centuries of conflict between the Pandyas and Cholas for the control of the peninsula gave rise to many legends and folktales. Not to mention the heroes in both sides. The notable campaigns are below
Recruitment and service.
The chola emperors gave a free hand to the admirals in recruiting and training of sailors, engineers, oarsmen and marines. There were no complicated tests and evaluation process. Any citizen or even non citizen could sign up for the naval service. But, one did not end up in the work of his choice. Preference were given to ex-servicemen, their sons and noblemen. But, this attitude changed in later days. And many class of soldiers / sailors distinguished themselves, irrespective of rank and class.
Ports and fleets.
The most ancient of ports used by Cholas was Poompuhar. Later on, they used many more ports and even built some new ones. Some of the famous ports are:
In addition to these sea ports there were many inland ports and dry dock connected by Rivers Kaveri and Thamarabarani which served commercial fleets and in times of war, to facilitate mass production, ships were built inland and ferried through the rivers to the Ocean.
The fleets were normally named after the dead monarchs and god's name. The most distinguished ones were granted Royal prefixes like Theiva-sovereign's name-fleet name. During the reign of Rajaraja Chola I and Rajendra Chola I, there were 5 fleets, each catering to particular needs. The main fleet was home ported in Nagapatinam. The other fleets were home ported in Kadalur and a small fleet was also based in Kanchipuram.
In addition to the main fleets of war ships, there were two fleets of logistics and transport ships to serve the needs of the army; involved in a bloody war in Ceylon and later in southeast Asia.
In the later years these numbers increased drastically and a several fleets were created anew. During the late 11th century, there were a total of nine battle fleets, based in various dominians across the vast expanses of the Chola empire ranging from the present day Aceh, Ankorwat to the southern reaches of Ceylon/Sri Lanka.
Political, cultural and economic impact.
The Grand vision and imperial energy of the Father and son duo Raja Raja Chola I and Rajendra Chola I is undoubtedly the underlying reason for expansion and prosperity. But, this was accomplished by the tireless efforts and pains of the navy. In essence, Raja Raja was the first person in the sub-continent to realize the power projection capabilities of a powerful navy. He and his successors initiated a massive naval buildup and continued supporting it,and they used it more than just wars.
The Chola navy was a potent Diplomatic symbol,It was the carrier of Chola might and prestige. It spread the Dravidian culture, the literary and architectural grandeur. For the sake of comparison, it was just the equivalent of the " Gunboat diplomacy " of the modern-day Great powers and super powers.
There is evidence to show that the king of Kambujadesa (modern Cambodia) sent an ornamental chariot to the Chola Emperor, probably to appease him so that his strategic attention does not extend further than the Malay peninsula.
Popular culture.
From the Sangam age poems to commemorate the victory of the sovereign of the day to the immortalized Kalinga Campaign of the Kulothunga Chola I in the Kalingattuparani. "Parani" is a special type of literary work, which; according to the traditions and rules of linguistics of Tamizh can only be composed on a king/general whose forces have killed a thousand elephants in combat.
In modern times, more than a few Romance has been inspired by the Chola Navy, and mostly in Tamil Language and literature.
Timeline of events.
The major events which had direct impact in the development of the Chola Naval capability are listed here, which is in no case comprehensive. But, some of the events had deep impact nevertheless.
Archeological evidence:
The dated excavations,
Literary references and recordings

</doc>
<doc id="20837804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837804" title="List of Championship Gaming Series teams">
List of Championship Gaming Series teams

This article lists details of each team in the defunct Championship Gaming Series professional video game tournaments. The Series ran online games in 2007 and 2008, and ceased operations on November 18, 2008.
3D.NY.
Team Desire — Discipline — Dedication, better known as Team 3D or 3D.NY, is an American electronic sports club with teams that compete in "", "Warcraft 3", and "Dead or Alive 4" competitions, and formerly fielded teams in "Counter-Strike", "Halo 2", "Painkiller", and "Call of Duty". Team 3D was formed in 2002 by Craig "Torbull" Levine and reacquired the team3d name after the demise of the Championship Gaming Series.
Notable achievements.
Thailand CS world championship of Mirage
The highest score single player VS Bots
1st Round:
2nd Round:
3rd Round:
Birmingham Salvo.
The Birmingham Salvo are a Championship Gaming Series professional gaming franchise. They are the current Championship Gaming Series World Champions. The team holds the titles of European Champions and United Kingdom Champions.
Carolina Core.
The Carolina Core is a professional gaming team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The team was one of the six original franchises playing in the Region 1 of the Championship Gaming Series.
Franchise history.
The Beginning - 2007.
The Carolina Core had the last pick going into the first ever CGS draft. Mark Dolven, the General Manager, picked Ryan "Offbeat Ninja" Ward directly followed by Joe "Phantom" Tackett.
In the first season of play, the Carolina Core advanced to the playoffs, and to the Region 1 Championship game. The Core fell to the Chicago Chimera in the final game of Region 1 by a score of 22-21. Because of their second place finish, the Core advanced to the World Championship and went to the World Final. They lost to the Chicago Chimera, 27 to 15.
Dolven's first pick, Ryan Ward, was the best "Dead or Alive 4" male player throughout season one, having a record of eleven wins to only one loss.
The Second Season - 2008.
The Carolina Core picked up a few recruits going into season two of CGS Competition, including Eric "General E Live" Earley, playing FORZA, and Andrew "Anomaly" Brock, playing "FIFA 08".
In the second season of play, the Carolina Core advanced to the playoffs for the second year in a row. They made it to the Region 1 Championship game against the Dallas Venom. The Core had the advantage through most of the game until "Dead or Alive 4": Female team member, Katherine "Mystik" Gunn lost control of a 4-2 lead, losing 4-5. Then in "Counter-Strike", the Venom rallied back, leading 9-3 at the half way mark. The battle went to the very last 2 men. The score was tied 20-20 and the Core was victorious, winning 21-20. They advanced to the World Final and won their first match against the Wuhan Dragon, 29-12.
Statistics and records.
Season by season results.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; PF = Points For; PA = Points Against"
Chicago Chimera.
Chicago Chimera is a Championship Gaming Series team based in Chicago, Illinois. The team won the first CGS World Championship (2007). They were one of the six original franchises in the league.
Statistics and records.
Season by season results.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; PF = Points For; PA = Points Against"
Roster.
Current roster.
As of June 1 [http://chicagochimera.thecgs.com/]
Dallas Venom.
Dallas Venom is a professional American electronic sports team and the official Dallas franchise for the Championship Gaming Series. The Dallas Venom compete in "", "Dead or Alive 4", "Project Gotham Racing 3", and "FIFA 07".
History.
Prior to becoming the Dallas Venom Alex "Jax" Conroy's Counter Stike team was known as Jax Money Crew.
London Mint.
London Mint is an electronic sports franchise team for the Championship Gaming Series. It is based in London, England and was managed by Sujoy Roy. After he left the CGS to continue running his gaming centre, 4Kings general manager Ben Woodward took over on April 24, 2008.
Los Angeles Complexity.
Los Angeles Complexity, also known as Complexity Gaming, Team compLexity, compLexity, or coL, is a professional American electronic sports team that competes in "StarCraft II", ', "Dead or Alive 4", "Forza Motorsport 2", and "FIFA 07". It was the official Los Angeles franchise for the Championship Gaming Series. It fielded teams in "Project Gotham Racing 3", "Counter-Strike 1.6", "Call Of Duty", "Defense of the Ancients", "Quake 4", "Day of Defeat", and '. Complexity Gaming was first formed in 2003 by Jason "1" Lake, Paolo Bergantino, and Ariel Perez. The team was one of the main focuses of Michael Kane's novel "Game Boys" which chronicled their Counter-Strike rivalry with team 3D.
The team was a member of the G7 Teams; they were removed after joining the DirectTV Championship Gaming Series, and were re-added after its demise. They have become a member of the North American eSports scene. They have new CS 1.6 roster which placed first and second in major tournaments, including ESEA CEVO and most recently IEM. They placed third in DreamHack winter. They delved back into "Quake" with "Quake Live" where they picked up Sander Kaasjager and Brian "dkt" Flanders. They play "Madden NFL 2010", "Team Fortress 2", "Dota 2", and "FIFA 10".
Mexico City Furia.
Mexico City Furia is an electronic sports franchise team for the Championship Gaming Series. It is based in Mexico City, Mexico and is managed by Augusto "NoobZaibot" Zapata.
San Francisco Optx.
San Francisco Optx is a professional American electronic sports team and was the official San Francisco franchise for the Championship Gaming Series. Most of the primary roster have their roots in the EFGaming team that played in the Counter Strike Source Lan and competitive scene.
Seoul Jinhwa.
Seoul Jinhwa, is a professional Korean electronic sports team that competes in "", "Dead or Alive 4", "Forza Motorsport 2", and "FIFA 08". It is the official Korean franchise for the Championship Gaming Series.
Stockholm Magnetik.
Stockholm Magnetik is an electronic sports franchise team for the Championship Gaming Series. It is based in Stockholm, Sweden and is managed by Emil "HeatoN" Christensen, with James "Radical" Henderson as assistant.
Sydney Underground.
Sydney Underground is an electronic sports franchise team for the Championship Gaming Series. It is based in Sydney, Australia and is managed by Ben "Racs" Thomas.
Roster.
Pan-Asia 2008 Champions.
Wuhan Dragon.
Wuhan Dragon is an electronic sports franchise team for the Championship Gaming Series. It is based in Wuhan, China and is managed by Chao Ma.
Berlin Allianz.
Berlin Allianz is an electronic sports franchise team for the Championship Gaming Series. It is based in Berlin, Germany and is managed by Jonas "bESEL" Alasker Vikan.

</doc>
<doc id="20837807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837807" title="Rostislav Petera">
Rostislav Petera

Rostislav Petera (15 September 1909 – 21 July 1980) was a Czechoslovak catholic politician. Petera was a member of the catholic Czechoslovak People's Party. From 1969 to 1971 and from 1976 to 1980 he was a member of the Federal Assembly of Czechoslovakia. In 1970 he became the general secretary of the Czechoslovak People's Party and in 1973 Petera was elected - as the successor of Antonín Pospíšil - the chairman of the party. He continued with the pro-Communist course. From 1973 to 1980 he was minister without portfolio in the Czechoslovak government.

</doc>
<doc id="20837813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837813" title="List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2009 (U.S.)">
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2009 (U.S.)

These are the "Billboard" magazine Hot Dance Airplay number-one hits of 2009.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.
Notes.
Kim Sozzi's 2008 single "Feel Your Love" was the number one single in 2009. It qualified for the 2009 year-end chart because Billboard starts tracking weekly charts every November of the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="20837815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837815" title="Hans Jakob">
Hans Jakob

Hans Jakob may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20837828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837828" title="Panchamirtham">
Panchamirtham

Panchamirtham is 2008 Tamil comedy film by Raju Eswaran, it stars Jayaram, Prakash Raj and Raju Eswaran in the lead roles, while Aravind Akash, Nassar, Samiksha and Saranya Mohan play other prominent roles. Produced by Abhirami Ramanathan, the film was released on 25 December 2008.
Plot.
A well knit tale, the story begins at Ravana's (Prakashraj) abode and the time of Ramayana when he orders his brother Mareesan (Jayaram) to transform into a deer to abduct Seetha. Mareesan argues with Ravana but finally complies since Idumba (Raju Eswaran) and Ravana threaten the life of Mareesan's lover (Samiksha). Finally the said thing happens and Mareesan gets struck by the arrow by lord Rama, he becomes a rock but not before he transforms Idumba into an anklet and wears it on his leg. Times change and the modern day comes. Rajaram (Nasser) is a very rich man who owns tea estates and he has Seetha (Saranya Mohan) as his dietitian and Sri Rama (Arvind Akash) as the cook. Both Rama and Seetha are in love, on the other hand Rajaram's relatives (M. S. Bhaskar and Mayilsamy) plan a plot to take the property. In this process, they end up planning to kill Seetha by pushing her from a mountain top. Seetha falls directly on the rock idol of Mareesan and he gets his human form. At the same time, his anklet falls off and is eaten by a fish. That fish is caught by fisherman Manickam (Nasser again) and Idumba gets his human form. The age old enmity crops up and while Mareesan vows to protect Seetha, Idumba plans to help Manickam get Rajaram's property as half brother. What happens from there forms the rest of the story..
Production.
Abirami Ramanathan, well-known theatre owner and Managing Director of Abirami Mega Mall, forayed into film production with Panchamirtham. The film's inaugural function was held on July 13, 2008. Director, K. Balachander, KRG, Kalaipuli S Dhanu, Kalaipuli Sekaran, Sarath Kumar, Radha Ravi and Rama Narayanan inaugurated the function, A song sequence with Nasser was filmed during the pooja. Earlier Vivek and Vadivelu was said to be the part of this film but proved untrue. A song featuring Saranya Mohan was shot in Ooty and actress-cum-dance master Gayathri Raghuram choreographed it.
Reviews.
Nowrunning wrote: "With so many comedians, this film is a slapstick comedy. With children as its target audience, the film entertains". Indiaglitz wrote: "Panchamirtham is a laugh-riot". Rediff wrote: "Even if it isn't as funny or classy as they had promised, the team does deliver some laughs". Kollywood today wrote: "Panchamirtham is a fantastic treat. But unfortunately, there are whole lot of traces of TV serial and Raju Eeswaran with his knack tactics could’ve dealt with this". Behindwoods wrote: "worth a watch".

</doc>
<doc id="20837838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837838" title="Hector Maclean (politician)">
Hector Maclean (politician)

Hector Maclean (May 24, 1751 – after 1799) was an English-born soldier, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1799.
He was born at Golden Square, London. Maclean served as a lieutenant in the 84th Regiment of Foot (Royal Highland Emigrants) and settled in Nova Scotia after the regiment was disbanded. In 1789, he married Elinor Margaret Mowet. He received a grant of land in Douglas township in Hants County.
References.
A collection of Hector Maclean's letters, addressed to Murdoch Maclean or Maclaine (later Maclaine of Lochbuy)is held in the National Archives of Scotland, Edinburgh. Reference GD174/2154. These show the writer to be gifted in what he calls 'the scribbling business' and detail his life between 1779 and 1785. This is also a valuable resource for students of the history of Nova Scotia, but because the collection is a deposit, and remains uncatalogued, it has never been reported. The letters are humorous and poignant. There are family details, including references to his sister in Edinburgh. Hector Maclean had eight daughters and one son from his marriage to Eleanor Margaret Mowatt (16 December 1788).He died 20 April 1812 at Halifax NS.

</doc>
<doc id="20837841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837841" title="Antonín Pospíšil">
Antonín Pospíšil

Antonín Pospíšil (6 October 1903 – 15 June 1973) was a Czechoslovakian politician of the Catholic Czechoslovakian People's Party during the Communist Party's rule, when other legal parties had to play the role of CP satellites. From 1949 to 1952 Pospíšil was the general secretary of the People's Party and from 1968 to 1973 the chairman of the party as successor of the priest Josef Plojhar. From 1951 to 1957 Pospíšil was the minister of transport and electricity. He was later minister without portfolio.

</doc>
<doc id="20837851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837851" title="Jim Mackie">
Jim Mackie

Jim Mackie (31 December 1889 – 20 March 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was killed in action in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20837867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837867" title="John Plunket, 3rd Baron Plunket">
John Plunket, 3rd Baron Plunket

John Span Plunket, 3rd Baron Plunket of Newtown, County Cork (10 July 1793 - 16 April 1871) was an Irish peer and Queen's Counsel. He was the second son of William Plunket, 1st Baron Plunket, and Catherine MacAusland. He succeeded his brother Thomas Plunket, 2nd Baron Plunket in 1866. He married Charlotte, daughter of the eminent judge Charles Kendal Bushe.
Family.
Children of John Span Plunket, 3rd Baron Plunket of Newton

</doc>
<doc id="20837868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837868" title="Juan Carlos Alas">
Juan Carlos Alas

Juan Carlos Alas Morales (born July 30, 1989 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for the Reserves of Salvadoran first division side Alianza.
He is the younger twin brother of Firpo's player Jaime Alas and El Salvador national team member Dennis Alas.
Club career.
Alas' professional career began in July 2006 when he left Academia Chelona and signed a contract with now defunct Salvadoran national league club, San Salvador F.C., at the age of 16. He made his professional debut on February 24, 2007, in a league match against C.D. Vista Hermosa, and scored his first goal on November 12, 2008 in a league match against Juventud Independiente.

</doc>
<doc id="20837879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837879" title="Otto Schmitt (field hockey)">
Otto Schmitt (field hockey)

Otto Pablo Schmitt Schefelis (born January 28, 1965) is a male former field hockey goalkeeper from Argentina. He competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing in 8th place. He was succeeded as a first choice goalie by Emanuel Roggero.

</doc>
<doc id="20837895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837895" title="Rocco the Beaver">
Rocco the Beaver

Rocco the Beaver (or commonly just Rocco) is a speaking beaver puppet in the Danish TV-series "Dolph & Wulff med Venner" ("Dolph & Wulff with Friends"). The series are a spin-off from the show "Wulffmorgenthaler" and hosted by Mikael Wulff and Dolph. According to Mikael Wulff Rocco is inspired by the Italian male pornographic actor Rocco Siffredi. Rocco is voiced by Jonas Schmidt and mainly speaks English, though he understands Danish and occasionally also utilizes Danish words (i.e. ""Once I fucked; how do you call it? - A Ga-jol pastil"" - a "Ga-jol pastil" being a small pastille made of liquorice and sold under the brand "Ga-jol").
Rocco was usually only in the studio, but did in one episode an outside interview with Danish actress Sofie Lassen-Kahlke in her home.
Personality.
Rocco is best characterized as a sex-fixated perverted beaver. Usually he is very exaggerated and extremely politically incorrect and has by his own account done (as in: had sexual intercourse with) a lot of persons and things.
In one episode he proclaims, that his own mother has taught him about sex. His semen is mostly referred to as "sticky beaver juice." In general he ses everything in a sexual context.
The character has grown very popular, and has - because of this - recorded his own song, titled "Fucky fucky", in which he sings his signature-quote: "I'd like to bang it".

</doc>
<doc id="20837898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837898" title="Samuel Marshall (Canadian politician)">
Samuel Marshall (Canadian politician)

Samuel Marshall (1757 - April 1, 1813) was a merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Yarmouth township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1811 to 1813.
Marshall came to Nova Scotia from New York state in 1787, settling in Yarmouth. In 1794, he was named a justice of the peace. Around 1810, he was considered to be the leading shipbuilder and merchant in Yarmouth. Marshall died in office at Yarmouth.
His daughter Catherine married Samuel Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="20837899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837899" title="Emanuel Roggero">
Emanuel Roggero

Emanuel Ernesto Roggero Otamendi (born November 1, 1964) is a male former field hockey goalkeeper from Argentina. He competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. He succeeded Otto Schmitt as a first choice goalie in the national squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20837902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837902" title="Kim Gyu-ri (actress born August 1979)">
Kim Gyu-ri (actress born August 1979)

Kim Gyu-ri (; born 16 August 1979), previously known as Kim Min-sun () is a South Korean actress best known for the film "Portrait of a Beauty". She was involved in a controversy in 2008 when she made a statement against eating beef imported from the United States; this led to a lawsuit by a beef importer in Seoul but the courts ruled in her favor in 2010. She also spoke out in behalf of entertainers' invasion of privacy regarding the explosive "Entertainment X-file" issue in 2005. In 2009 she officially changed her name from Kim Min-sun to Kim Gyu-ri. She dated Kim Joo-hyuk, her co-star in period drama "God of War", from 2012 to 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20837903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837903" title="Stefan Naydenov">
Stefan Naydenov

Stefan Naydenov () (born 16 August 1957 in Montana) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Naydenov was an offensive midfielder.
He played with PFC Spartak Varna and earned 193 caps in Bulgarian first division and scored 56 goals. Naydenov is a shooter number one of Spartak in Bulgarian top division for all time. The midfielder has 6 caps and 1 goal for Bulgaria national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20837905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837905" title="Tom McCluskey">
Tom McCluskey

Tom McCluskey was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League. Went on to play with Footscray in the VFA after his VFL career. He was killed in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20837912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837912" title="Croatia women's national ice hockey team">
Croatia women's national ice hockey team

The Croatian women's national ice hockey team represents Croatia at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Croatian Ice Hockey Federation. As of 2011, Croatia has 39 female players. Croatia is ranked 20th in the IIHF World Ranking.
History.
Seeing that in Croatia (by status since January 2008) there is only one women's ice hockey club Grič its players are also the only members of the national team. From season 2006/2007 Grič players have been participating in the Slovenian league, along with one Slovenian and one Austrian club.
For several years they have also been participating in an Elite Women's Hockey League with clubs established in the hockey-playing countries (Czech Republic, Slovakia, Germany, Austria and Slovenia).
World Championships record.
In 2007 the Croatian team was the first time involved in the World Championship competition. In the Division IV the team achieved a big surprise by winning the first place in Division IV and was promoted in the Division III. 
Olympic record.
The women's team of Croatia has never qualified for an Olympic tournament. In 2008 the team participated in the qualifying tournament for the Winter Olympic Games 2010 in Vancouver. They lost to Slovakia, Latvia and Italy and beat Bulgaria. They won 4th place. At the 2014 qualifying tournament they lost to Spain, Hungary and Denmark and failed to qualify for the next round.
All-time Record against other nations.
"As of September 14, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20837915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837915" title="Mahesh Rodrigo">
Mahesh Rodrigo

Mahesha Rodrigo (born 1927 in Ceylon - 2011) was a Ceylonese sportsman who represented his country in first-class cricket and rugby union. 
Rodrigo sometimes played as Ceylon's wicket-keeper and his 12 first-class appearances consisted of matches against Pakistan, the West Indies, Commonwealth XI and the Marylebone Cricket Club, amongst others. An Old Royalist, he also took the field for Ceylon in a one day match against Don Bradman's Australians in the 1947/48 season, scoring 26. 
Only once in first-class cricket did Rodrigo manage a score of 50 or more and he made the most of his form, making it to 135 before he ran out of partners. It came in a match against the West Indies, who had a bowling attack to the calibre of John Goddard, Gerry Gomez, Prior Jones and John Trim. He had opened the batting and his innings took no less than 400 minutes.
He was also a highly talented rugby scrum-half who played in the Clifford Cup and captained Ceylon internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="20837918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837918" title="Lee Young-jin (actress)">
Lee Young-jin (actress)

Lee Young-jin (also stylized as Rie Young-zin; born February 24, 1981) is a South Korean model turned actress. 

</doc>
<doc id="20837924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837924" title="Kongwak">
Kongwak

Kongwak is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Korumburra to Wonthaggi Road southeast of Melbourne, in the South Gippsland Shire At the 2006 census, Kongwak had a population of 193.
History.
The land around Kongwak was largely cleared of native vegetation and is now used for agriculture, including dairying. 
Kongwak Post Office opened on 11 May 1898.
The Town today.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Inverloch has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Alberton Football League.
The Kongwak Market is held every Sunday with collectables, retro, vintage and second hand items, plants and books.
The town was once a thriving community housing miners whom assisted with the production of coal for the neighbouring La Trobe valley. Since this time the large population has slowly dwindled away and is a very small size now (2010) with the recent closure of the sugar mill. Locals would suggest this has been a good thing for the feel of the community being very local and close and the farming area supports the busier nearby areas of Inverloch, Wonthaggi and Korrumburra.

</doc>
<doc id="20837931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837931" title="John Heckman">
John Heckman

John Heckman (1785 – March 11, 1871) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County from 1818 to 1826 and Luneng
burg township from 1826 to 1847 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the son of Caspar Heckman and Mary Elizabeth Zwicker. In 1809, he married Elizabeth Ernst. Heckman was named a justice of the peace in 1831. He served as custos rotulorum for Lunenburg County from 1841 to 1867 and was registrar of deeds for the county from 1859 to 1871. He died in Lunenburg at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="20837934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837934" title="Gaetano Vignola">
Gaetano Vignola

Gaetano Vignola is an Italian accelerator physicist who works on high energy particle physics. He is the builder of the particle collider of INFN in 1987 in Frascati, Italy, as well as the project leader for the DAFNE particle accelerator project. He has trained many students and researchers in the field of particle accelerator technology and contributed in many giant accelerator projects in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20837937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837937" title="Cerium(III) oxide">
Cerium(III) oxide

Cerium(III) oxide is an oxide of the rare earth metal cerium. It has chemical formula Ce2O3, and is gold-yellow in color.
Applications.
Exhaust catalysts.
Cerium oxide is used as a catalytic converter for the minimisation of CO emissions in the exhaust gases from motor vehicles. 
When there is a shortage of oxygen, cerium(IV) oxide is reduced by carbon monoxide to cerium(III) oxide:
When there is an oxygen surplus, the process is reversed and cerium(III) oxide is oxidized to cerium(IV) oxide:
Water splitting.
The cerium(IV) oxide–cerium(III) oxide cycle or CeO2/Ce2O3 cycle is a two step thermochemical water splitting process based on cerium(IV) oxide and cerium(III) oxide for hydrogen production. 
Illumination.
Cerium(III) oxide combined with tin(II) oxide (SnO) in ceramic form is used for illumination with UV light. It absorbs light with a wavelength of 320 nm and emits light with a wavelength of 412 nm. This combination of cerium(III) oxide and tin(II) oxide is rare, and obtained only with difficulty on a laboratory scale.
Production.
Cerium(III) oxide is produced by the reduction of cerium(IV) oxide with hydrogen at approximately to make air stable cerium(III) oxide. Production at other temperatures results in pyrophoric cerium(III) oxide.

</doc>
<doc id="20837938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837938" title="Wide Awake (2007 film)">
Wide Awake (2007 film)

Wide Awake (; also known as Return) is a 2007 South Korean film.
Plot.
In 1980s South Korea, a young boy is traumatised after experiencing anesthesia awareness during heart surgery, and no-one believes his story afterwards. Twenty five years later, the doctors and nurses who operated on him begin to die under mysterious circumstances. Dr. Ryu Jae-woo, a surgeon married to Hee-jin, believes that the boy he remembers from his childhood is responsible for the deaths. The leading suspects are Lee Myeong-suk, who has been stalking Dr. Ryu, and the seemingly unhinged Uk-hwan. Hypnosis specialist Oh Chi-hoon also seems to know something about these deaths.
Release.
"Wide Awake" was released in South Korea on 8 August 2007, and its opening weekend was ranked fourth at the box office with 238,819 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 677,939 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of 16 September 2007) of US$4,569,126.

</doc>
<doc id="20837947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837947" title="Fluoroacetamide">
Fluoroacetamide

Fluoroacetamide is an organic compound based on acetamide with one fluorine atom replacing hydrogen on the methyl group. it is a metabolic poison which disrupts the citric acid cycle and was used as a rodenticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20837948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837948" title="List of townlands of County Kilkenny">
List of townlands of County Kilkenny

This is a list of all townlands (over 1600) in the County of Kilkenny. Each column header is a link to an article explaining it. Townlands written in capitals are towns, villages etc. these correspond with "xx" in the area box. "Muni." stands for Municipality (Borough of). This list is separated alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="20837956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837956" title="Mitigated speech">
Mitigated speech

Mitigated speech is a linguistic term describing deferential or indirect speech inherent in communication between individuals of perceived High Power Distance which has been in use for at least two decades with many published references. 
The term was recently popularized by Malcolm Gladwell in his book, Outliers, where he defines mitigated speech as "any attempt to downplay or sugarcoat the meaning of what is being said". He continues with reference to Fischer and Orasanu, to describe 6 degrees of mitigation with which we make suggestions to authority: 
1. Command – “Strategy X is going to be implemented” 
2. Team Obligation Statement – “We need to try strategy X” 
3. Team Suggestion – “Why don’t we try strategy X?” 
4. Query – “Do you think strategy X would help us in this situation?” 
5. Preference – “Perhaps we should take a look at one of these Y alternatives” 
6. Hint – “I wonder if we could run into any roadblocks on our current course” 
Gladwell brings up the concept in the context of how crews relate to each other in the cockpit of a commercial airliner, graphically illustrating the degree to which mitigated speech can be detrimental in high risk situations which require clear communication.

</doc>
<doc id="20837958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837958" title="Stratospheric sulfur aerosols">
Stratospheric sulfur aerosols

Stratospheric sulfur aerosols are sulfur-rich particles which exist in the stratosphere region of the Earth's atmosphere. The layer of the atmosphere in which they exist is known as the Junge layer, or simply the stratospheric aerosol layer. These particles consist of a mixture of sulfuric acid and water. They are created naturally, such as by photochemical decomposition of sulfur-containing gases, e.g. carbonyl sulfide. When present in high levels, e.g. after a strong volcanic eruption such as Mount Pinatubo, they produce a cooling effect, by reflecting sunlight, and by modifying clouds as they fall out of the stratosphere. This cooling may persist for a few years before the particles fall out.
An aerosol is a suspension of fine solid particles or liquid droplets in a gas. 
The sulfate particles or sulfuric acid droplets in the atmosphere are about 0.1 to 1.0 micrometer (a millionth of a meter) in diameter. 
Sulfur aerosols are common in the troposphere as a result of pollution with sulfur dioxide from burning coal, and from natural processes. Volcanos are a major source of particles in the stratosphere as the force of the volcanic eruption propels sulfur-containing gases into the stratosphere. The relative influence of volcanoes on the Junge layer varies considerably according to the number and size of eruptions in any given time period, and also of quantities of sulfur compounds released. Only stratovolcanoes containing primarily granitic rocks are responsible for these fluxes, as basaltic rock erupted in shield volcanoes doesn't result in plumes which reach the stratosphere.
Creating stratospheric sulfur aerosols deliberately is a proposed geoengineering technique which offers a possible solution to some of the problems caused by global warming. However, this will not be without side effects and it has been suggested that the cure may be worse than the disease.
Origins.
Natural sulfur aerosols are formed in vast quantities from the SO2 ejected by volcanoes, which may be injected directly into the stratosphere during very large (Volcanic Explosivity Index, VEI, of 4 or greater) eruptions. A comprehensive analysis, dealing largely with tropospheric sulfur compounds in the atmosphere, is provided by Bates et al.
The IPCC AR4 says "explosive volcanic events are episodic, but the stratospheric aerosols resulting from them yield substantial transitory perturbations to the radiative energy balance of the planet, with both shortwave and longwave effects sensitive to the microphysical characteristics of the aerosols".
During periods lacking volcanic activity (and thus direct injection of SO2 into the stratosphere), oxidation of COS (carbonyl sulfide) dominates the production of stratospheric sulfur aerosol.
Chemistry.
The chemistry of stratospheric sulfur aerosols varies significantly according to their source. Volcanic emissions vary significantly in composition, and have complex chemistry due to the presence of ash particulates and a wide variety of other elements in the plume.
The chemical reactions affecting both the formation and elimination of sulfur aerosols are not fully understood. It is difficult to estimate accurately, for example, whether the presence of ash and water vapour is important for aerosol formation from volcanic products, and whether high or low atmospheric concentrations of precursor chemicals (such as SO2 and H2S) are optimal for aerosol formation. This uncertainty makes it difficult to determine a viable approach for geoengineering uses of sulfur aerosol formation.
Scientific study.
Understanding of these aerosols comes in large part from the study of volcanic eruptions, notably Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines, which erupted in 1991 when scientific techniques were sufficiently far advanced to study the effects carefully.
The formation of the aerosols and their effects on the atmosphere can also be studied in the lab. Samples of actual particles can be recovered from the stratosphere using balloons or aircraft.
Computer models can be used to understand the behaviour of aerosol particles, and are particularly useful in modelling their effect on global climate.
Biological experiments in the lab, and field/ocean measurements can establish the formation mechanisms of biologically derived volatile sulfurous gases.
Effects.
It has been established that emission of precursor gases for sulfur aerosols is the principle mechanism by which volcanoes cause episodic global cooling. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change AR4 regards stratospheric sulfate aerosols as having a low level of scientific understanding. The aerosol particles form a whitish haze in the sky. This creates a global dimming effect, where less of the sun's radiation is able to reach the surface of the Earth. This leads to a global cooling effect. In essence, they act as the reverse of a greenhouse gas, which tends to allow visible light from the sun through, whilst blocking infra-red emitted from the Earth's surface and its atmosphere. The particles also radiate infra red energy directly, as they lose heat into space.
All aerosols both absorb and scatter solar and terrestrial radiation. This is quantified in the "Single Scattering Albedo" (SSA), the ratio of scattering alone to scattering plus absorption ("extinction") of radiation by a particle. The SSA tends to unity if scattering dominates, with relatively little absorption, and decreases as absorption increases, becoming zero for infinite absorption. For example, sea-salt aerosol has an SSA of 1, as a sea-salt particle only scatters, whereas soot has an SSA of 0.23, showing that it is a major atmospheric aerosol absorber.
Aerosols, natural and anthropogenic, can affect the climate by changing the way radiation is transmitted through the atmosphere. Direct observations of the effects of aerosols are quite limited so any attempt to estimate their global effect necessarily involves the use of computer models. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, IPCC, says: "While the radiative forcing due to greenhouse gases may be determined to a reasonably high degree of accuracy... the uncertainties relating to aerosol radiative forcings remain large, and rely to a large extent on the estimates from global modelling studies that are difficult to verify at the present time". However, they are mostly talking about tropospheric aerosol.
The aerosols have a role in the destruction of ozone due to surface chemistry effects. Destruction of ozone has in recent years created large holes in the ozone layer, initially over the Antarctic and then the Arctic. These holes in the ozone layer have the potential to expand to cover inhabited and vegetative regions of the planet, leading to catastrophic environmental damage.
Ozone destruction occurs principally in polar regions, but the formation of ozone occurs principally in the tropics. Ozone is distributed around the planet by the Brewer-Dobson circulation. Therefore, the source and dispersal pattern of aerosols is critical in understanding their effect on the ozone layer.
Aerosols scatter light, which affects the appearance of the sky and of sunsets. Changing the concentration of aerosols in the atmosphere can dramatically affect the appearance of sunsets. A change in sky appearance during the year without a summer (attributed to the eruption of Mount Tambora) was the inspiration for the paintings of J. M. W. Turner. Further volcanic eruptions and geoengineering projects involving sulfur aerosols are likely to affect the appearance of sunsets significantly, and to create a haze in the sky.
Aerosol particles are eventually deposited from the stratosphere onto land and ocean. Depending on the volume of particles descending, the effects may be significant to ecosystems, or may not be. Modelling of the quantities of aerosols used in likely geoengineering scenarios suggest that effects on terrestrial ecosystems from deposition is not likely to be significantly harmful.
Geoengineering.
The ability of stratospheric sulfur aerosols to create this global dimming effect has made them a possible candidate for use in geoengineering projects to limit the effect and impact of climate change due to rising levels of greenhouse gases. Delivery of precursor gases such as H2S and SO2 by artillery, aircraft and balloons has been proposed.
Understanding of this proposed technique is partly based on the fact that it is the adaptation of an existing atmospheric process. The technique is therefore potentially better understood than are comparable (but purely speculative) geoengineering schemes. It is also partly based on the speed of action of any such solution deployed, in contrast to carbon sequestration projects such as carbon dioxide air capture which would take longer to work. However, gaps in understanding of these processes exist, for example the effect on stratospheric climate and on rainfall patterns, and further research is needed.
This technique has been studied more extensively than most other geoengineering techniques, and is suggested by commentators including Tom Wigley.

</doc>
<doc id="20837961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837961" title="Hey Young World">
Hey Young World

"Hey Young World" was the second single released from Slick Rick's debut album, "The Great Adventures of Slick Rick". It was released in 1989 as the follow-up to Slick Rick's popular "Children's Story" and was both written and produced by Slick Rick himself. "Hey Young World" did not reach the same level of success as "Children's Story", reaching number 42 on the Hot Black Singles chart and number 17 on the Hot Rap Singles chart. The B-side contained the popular song, "Mona Lisa".
The song was referenced in Keri Hilson's song "Knock You Down" by guest rapper Kanye West and also in "Pray" by Jay-Z. A sequel of sorts was created by Macy Gray for her album "The Id" in form of "Hey Young World (Part 2)." It was sampled by TLC for their single "Creep".

</doc>
<doc id="20837963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837963" title="Alejandro Siri">
Alejandro Siri

Alejandro Daniel Siri Pérez (born December 17, 1963) is a male former field hockey player from Argentina. He competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. Siri twice won a medal at the Pan American Games for his native South American country.

</doc>
<doc id="20837965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837965" title="Electric Dreams (John McLaughlin album)">
Electric Dreams (John McLaughlin album)

Electric Dreams is the sixth solo album by English jazz guitarist John McLaughlin and his "One Truth Band", released in 1979. Between his fourth and fifth solo albums he spent several years active with the Mahavishnu Orchestra.
While performing with Miles Davis, Davis had titled a song on the album "Bitches Brew" after McLaughlin. McLaughlin returns the favour here, naming a song "Miles Davis".
Track listing.
All songs by John McLaughlin unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20837969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837969" title="Fen McDonald">
Fen McDonald

Fenley John "Fen" McDonald (25 May 1891 – 25 April 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
He was a member of the First AIF, and was killed in action during the landing at Anzac Cove, Gallipoli, in Turkey on 25 April 1915.
Family.
The youngest son in the family (of three girls and five boys) of Patrick McDonald and Margaret McDonald, née Figgins, Fenley John McDonald was born on 25 May 1891 in Nagambie, Victoria. By all accounts, he was a strongly built, quietly spoken, and well-mannered young man.
Educated at the Nagambie State School, he gained a thorough knowledge of cattle and sheep and farming from his family's property, "Winbrae".
In 1910, once he had finished his formal schooling, he moved to Melbourne and began a four year evening course of studies at the highly regarded "Stott and Hoare's Business College", at 426 Collins Street, Melbourne, whilst working in the day time as a stock and station agent with Pearson, Rowe, Smith, and Co., 416 Bourke Street, Melbourne.
Footballer.
Two of Fen's brothers played a single VFL match with Essendon, on the same day (Saturday, 9 September 1905): Edwin Patrick McDonald (1875–1919), and Archibald William Campbell "Arch" McDonald (1883-1942).
Strongly built (at enlistment he stood 5 ft 7½ in, weighed 11 st 9 lbs, and had an expanded chest measurement of 37 in), he was rather fast on his feet, and had some success as a handicap runner. Once in Melbourne, he played in the Metropolitan Amateur Football Association competition, with the Carlton District team. Carlton noticed his impressive performance, signed him up, and he played his VFL first match, aged 20, against St Kilda, on 29 July 1911 (round fifteen). Carlton thrashed St Kilda by 114 points, and none of the forwards saw much of the ball as most of those up the ground were concentrating on feeding the ball to Carlton's full-forward, Vin Gardiner,who kicked 10 goals. Situated in the back pocket, McDonald saw little of the play — St KIlda only scored 2.3 (15) — yet he did make it down to the forward line and kicked one goal.
During the next season (1912) he played nine senior games, mainly in the backline; and at the end of the season, he decided to move to Melbourne.
In 1913, he played one senior match for Melbourne, against Essendon on 14 June 1913 (round nine). Essendon beat Melbourne by 41 points. One match report noted that "McDonald was another player who did a lot of hard work for Melbourne under discouraging circumstances", whilst another commented that "McDonald… did very good work".
He then returned to the District team, and did not play another VFL match. He played for the Carlton District team in 1914 as well, and concentrated on completing the last year of his studies.
Soldier.
Leaving his employment with Pearson, Rowe, Smith, and Co., 416 Bourke Street, Melbourne, he enlisted in the First AIF on 17 August 1914, and served, as a private, in the 7th Battalion, A.I.F.
His brother, Stanley David McDonald (1888–1945), also served in the First AIF, enlisting on 20 May 1915, before the news of Fen's death had reached his family.
Death.
He died at Gallipoli, Turkey on during the first landings on 25 April 1915. It is not known how he died; and it is presumed that he was either shot dead or blown up in the process of making the beach.
One of his best mates from Melbourne, Harold Denston, who worked as a clerk in a Collins Street insurance office, was also killed in action at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915.
Claude Crowl who had played his first game for St Kilda on the same day that McDonald made his debut for Carlton, also died in action at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915.
Remembered.
His body was never recovered; and, therefore, he has no marked grave. His name is recorded on the memorial at Lone Pine Memorial, Gallipoli, Turkey, and at panel 50 in the Commemorative Area at the Australian War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20837983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837983" title="Charmed academia">
Charmed academia

Charmed academia is a subset of the academic field of cultural studies. It explores issues related to gender as expressed through the content of the television program "Charmed" and, to a lesser extent, its novel spin-off series. Such work is concerned with the scholarly study and exploration of the television series that takes place in the fictional "Charmed Universe". 
Development as academic field.
Since its inception, "Charmed" has interested the scholars of popular culture, especially those of cult television, including some of the most successful in their field. The series has been studied and analysed by various writers, leading to the publication of several literary guides and essays which have investigated "Charmed" from a variety of perspectives, ranging from psychological and philosophical (in terms of morality, the supernatural and mythology), to the social implications of the series, including feminism, sexuality, the show's casting, and its effect on viewers. One guide, "Investigating Charmed: The Magic Power of TV", explained its aims of following the ""groundbreaking series"" as investigating a franchise which has ""established a continuing global presence as the very essence of cult TV"". Another writer, Jennifer Crusie Smith (editor of "Totally Charmed: Demons, Whitelighters and the Power of Three"), explains that attention to "Charmed" is not limited to the view points of academic publications and that ""beyond these writers, many more voices weigh in, from the breathless adoration of the Internet fan boards to the critic"". Notably, "Charmed" has been used as the subject of university research papers, especially in conjunction with television and media studies, or the study of feminism in popular culture. One example is M. D. Meyer's essay, ""The process of developmental empowerment in "Charmed": Implications of a television narrative on third-wave feminism, witchcraft, and disempowerment."", which resulted with her being awarded a Certificate in Women’s Studies from Ohio University in 2004. Another instance includes Maria D. DeRose's dissertation for a Doctor of Philosophy degree at Bowling Green State University, entitled ""Searching for Wonder Women: Examining Women's Non-Violent Power in Feminist Science Fiction"", which explores the role of violence in feminist science fiction, with one case study into ""The Transformative, Transgressive Heroic Women of "Charmed".
Ruth Glick, in her "Charmed" academic essay, "A Stake in the Future", describes the series as "big bucks entertainment. But its also more - a cultural icon with a welcome message about modern society". In her essay, Glick explores the series as evidence for "Charmeds success as popular media through which modern society's attempts at female empowerment are realised and how effectively the series is able to combat the negative stereotypes of the role of women and witchcraft from the Middle Ages to the modern day.
Published works.
Published works regarding "Charmed", both guide books and scholarly essay collections, include:
Areas of study.
"Charmed" academia includes studies of "Charmed" in relation to:

</doc>
<doc id="20837986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837986" title="Mother (1985 film)">
Mother (1985 film)

Mother ( or ; also known as "Woman Requiem") is a 1985 South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo. It won several awards at the Grand Bell Awards, including Best Film.
Plot.
After the rape and subsequent suicide of a college student, her mother takes revenge on those responsible.

</doc>
<doc id="20837988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837988" title="Belle Grove (Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana)">
Belle Grove (Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana)

Belle Grove, was a sugar plantation, on the banks of the Bayou Black, Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, built in 1847. In 1881, it was purchased by James M. McBride from the Marcellus Daunis heirs. It was demolished in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20837989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837989" title="Teenage Love (song)">
Teenage Love (song)

"Teenage Love" was the first single released from Slick Rick's 1988 debut album, "The Great Adventures of Slick Rick". It was released in November 1988 as his debut single and was produced by Slick Rick and The Bomb Squad. "Teenage Love" would prove to be a hit for Slick Rick, making it to number 16 on the Hot Black Singles chart and number 8 on the Hot Rap Singles. It wasn't as successful as the next single, Children's Story released in 1989.
Music video.
A music video was directed in late 1988 and released in December 1988. The video features cameos by Big Daddy Kane and a then-unknown Lil' Kim.

</doc>
<doc id="20837994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837994" title="Criminal Lovers">
Criminal Lovers

Criminal Lovers (French title: Les Amants Criminels) is a 1999 psychological thriller film by French director François Ozon.
Synopsis.
High school student Alice (Natacha Régnier) convinces her lover, Luc (Jérémie Renier), to murder their classmate Saïd (Salim Kechiouche), whom she claims raped her. When they dispose of his body in the woods late one night, the couple get lost on their way back to their car and are taken in by a mysterious hermit (Miki Manojlovic). However, matters take a bizarre twist when the stranger locks the young lovers in his basement along with the dead body of Saïd and reveals that he plans to eat them. The stranger harnesses Luc and convinces for sex. He finally gives Luc an option to survive with his girlfriend (Alice), Luc finally shares bed with stranger and gets away from the forest without killing his rapist. When the couple comes out of forest they find the police near their car and the police comes to know about their murder and the strange hermit also gets arrested. Luc gets arrested as he gets caught into a bear trap, and Alice tries to run away and finally she gets shot by police. In the final sequence the apprehended Luc attempts to stop the police who are beating the forester up but all in vain. He is carried to the city in the police car.

</doc>
<doc id="20837995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20837995" title="Selwa Roosevelt">
Selwa Roosevelt

Selwa Showker “Lucky” Roosevelt (born January 13, 1929) was Chief of Protocol of the United States for almost seven years from 1982-1989—longer than anyone has ever served in that position.
Early life.
Selwa was born in the city of Kingsport, Tennessee, the daughter of Druze Lebanese immigrants, Salim Shqer and Najla Shqer. She lived there until her marriage in 1950 to Archibald "Archie" B. Roosevelt, Jr., a grandson of President Theodore Roosevelt. They were married for forty years until Archie died of heart failure in 1990.
An honors graduate from Vassar College, Lucky has worked as a journalist for "The Washington Post" and a free lance writer for numerous magazines, among them "Family Circle", "McCalls" and "Town & Country", where she was a contributing editor for seven years.
In 2012, Lucky received a commendation from President Barack Obama for her government service and for helping to "save" Blair House.
Her correspondence from Fleur Cowles is at the University of Texas at Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="20838008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838008" title="Anton Gargiulo">
Anton Gargiulo

 
Anton Gargiulo is a male badminton competitor for New Zealand. At the 1998 Commonwealth Games he won a bronze medal in the men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="20838015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838015" title="Say Yes (film)">
Say Yes (film)

Say Yes () is a 2001 South Korean film.
Plot.
Young married couple Yoon-hee and Jung-hyun go on a road trip, and along the way they pick up a lone drifter, Em. Em turns out to be a violent and sadistic psychopath who terrorises the couple at every turn. After capturing Jung-hyun, Em gives him a choice: submit to torture or allow Em to kill Yoon-hee.
Release.
"Say Yes" was released in South Korea on 17 August 2001, and received a total of 55,200 admissions in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20838025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838025" title="2008–09 TFF First League">
2008–09 TFF First League

The 2008–2009 TFF First League (also known as "Bank Asya First League" due to sponsoring reasons) was the second-level football league of Turkey and the 46th season since its establishment in 1963–64.
Standings.
Sakaryaspor relegated to Second league due to they remained behind of Samsunspor according to dual average (1–3, 1–0).
Promotion Play-Offs.
The Promotion Play-Offs will be played in Yenikent Asaş Stadium in Ankara. The Semi-final matches will take place on May 15. The League's third-placed team will play the sixth-placed team and the fourth-placed team will play the fifth-placed team. The winners of these matches will play on May 17 in the final match. The winner of this match will play in Turkcell Super League in the 2009–2010 season.
Semifinals
May 15
Boluspor-Karşıyaka: 0–0, aet, Karşıyaka won 3–2 on penalties
Kasımpaşa-Altay: 1–1, aet, Kasımpaşa won 4–2 on penalties
Final
May 17
Karşıyaka – Kasımpaşa: 1–2 (aet)
Kasımpaşa promoted to Turkcell Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20838026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838026" title="1,3-Difluoro-2-propanol">
1,3-Difluoro-2-propanol

1,3-Difluoro-2-propanol is a metabolic poison which disrupts the citric acid cycle and is used as a rodenticide, similar to sodium fluoroacetate. It is the main ingredient (along with 1-chloro-3-fluoro-2-propanol) in the rodenticide product Gliftor which was widely used in the former USSR. 

</doc>
<doc id="20838035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838035" title="Frank Krog">
Frank Krog

Frank Krog (5 October 1954 – 23 December 2008) was a Norwegian actor.
Krog was born in Bergen. He started his career as a stage worker and extra at the theatre Den Nasjonale Scene, but later attended the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre. He appeared in several Norwegian films, mostly during the 1990s. He also became known for his role in the television series Offshore.
Krog was found dead in his Grünerløkka home on 23 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20838049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838049" title="IT-Political Association of Denmark">
IT-Political Association of Denmark

The IT-Political Association (Danish: IT-Politisk Forening, commonly known as IT-Pol) is a Danish non-profit NGO, which works to collect information on IT and convey this to politicians and the society to get the best possible grounds for legislation. The association is independent of political parties and communicates with politicians from all political parties. Membership is open to anyone.
IT-Pol is the Danish equivalent of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
The Free Software privacy CD, Polippix, was started by and is still maintained by IT-Political Association.
Issues.
IT-Pol is primarily concerned with issues that restricts citizens and innovation.
Censorship.
Denmark is one of the countries in which most ISPs filters DNS traffic by default. IT-Pol regards this policy as censorship, as the filter filters content that is legal to view in Denmark.
Privacy.
The Danish surveillance law, Overvågningsloven was actively fought by IT-Pol. IT-Pol developed a CD called Polippix that can mitigate most of the Internet related surveillance included in the surveillance law.
Software patents.
IT-Pol believes software patents are not beneficial for innovation and therefore fights Software Patents.
Copyright.
IT-Pol believes the balance between society and rights holder should be pushed more towards the society.
Digital Rights Management.
IT-Pol believes Digital Rights Management causes problems for normal citizens and therefore is not in the interest of the citizens. IT-Pol therefore fights DRM.
Open Standards.
IT-Pol believes open standards will foster innovation and remove lock-in. IT-Pol therefore promotes Open Standards and fights proprietary standards.
E-voting.
IT-Pol believes E-voting should only be allowed if the election has an analog audit trail (paper trail).
Use of IT in the public sector.
IT-Pol believes the public sector should use IT that makes interoperation with the citizens easier.
Spam.
IT-Pol supports the ban on E-mail spam.

</doc>
<doc id="20838050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838050" title="Nick Hall (badminton)">
Nick Hall (badminton)

 
Nick Hall (born 19 September 1970) is a male badminton competitor for New Zealand. He has won three bronze medals at the Commonwealth Games, at the 1994 Commonwealth Games he won the bronze medal in the men's singles competition. Four years later at the 1998 Commonwealth Games he won a bronze medal in the men's team event. His last bronze medal was won at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in the mixed team event.

</doc>
<doc id="20838057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838057" title="Milić Jovanović">
Milić Jovanović

Milić Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилић Joвaнoвић; born 10 February 1966) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
In Yugoslavia, Jovanović played for FK Napredak Kruševac, Red Star Belgrade and FK Mogren. He won the 1990–91 Yugoslav First League with Red Star, acting as backup to Stevan Stojanović.
In 1993, aged 27, Jovanović moved to Portugal where he would remain the following eight years, until his retirement. He started with S.C.U. Torreense in the second division, then switched to C.D. Nacional for a further two years in the category.
Jovanović made his Portuguese top level debut in 1996–97, appearing in only one game, a 0–1 away loss against Gil Vicente FC. During most of his spell in Leça da Palmeira he played understudy to compatriot Vladan Stojković, and totalled eight matches in the main division, eventually retiring in 2001 at the age of 35, with the club again in level two. 
After his retirement, Jovanović worked with his last club as a goalkeeping coach. He also had head and assistant coach spells there.

</doc>
<doc id="20838064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838064" title="Hard Asphalt">
Hard Asphalt

Hard Asphalt () is a 1986 Norwegian drama film directed by Sølve Skagen. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20838066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838066" title="David Merritt">
David Merritt

David Merritt is an American astrophysicist and professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester, New York. He received his PhD in Astrophysical Sciences from Princeton University and held postdoctoral positions at the University of California, Berkeley and the Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics in Toronto. His fields of specialization include dynamics and evolution of galaxies, supermassive black holes, and computational astrophysics.
David Merritt is a former Chair of the Division on Dynamical Astronomy of the American Astronomical Society. He is a founding member of the Center for Computational Relativity and Gravitation at RIT. 
His scientific contributions include Osipkov-Merritt models, black hole spin flips, the Leonard-Merritt mass estimator, the M-sigma relation, stellar systems with negative temperatures,

</doc>
<doc id="20838068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838068" title="List of equestrian statues in Germany">
List of equestrian statues in Germany

This is a list of equestrian statues in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20838071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838071" title="List of United Kingdom MPs who only sat in the January–October 1924 Parliament">
List of United Kingdom MPs who only sat in the January–October 1924 Parliament

There were 64 Members of the 1924 Parliament were not members of any preceding or following Parliament, Their tenure as MPs therefore lasted 275 days, making them among the shortest-serving MPs in history. There were 53 Liberals, ten Labour, and only one Conservative among them. With the exception of two who retired (Robert Pilkington and William Edward Robinson), they were all candidates for re-election at the ensuing general election in 1924, where they were defeated.
See also.
List of United Kingdom MPs with the shortest service

</doc>
<doc id="20838073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838073" title="List of United Kingdom MPs who sat only in the 1922–23 Parliament">
List of United Kingdom MPs who sat only in the 1922–23 Parliament

General elections to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom were held in November 1922 and again in December 1923. There were 56 Members of the 1922–23 Parliament who were not members of any preceding or following Parliament. Their tenure as MPs lasted at most 361 days, making them among the shortest-serving MPs in history.
One of the 56 was disqualified; four died in office; the remaining 51 served the full term. 16 Members (11 Conservatives, 3 National Liberals, and one each from the Labour and Liberal Parties) did not offer themselves for re-election. 35 Members (18 Conservatives, 6 Liberals, 4 Labour, 4 National Liberals, one Communist and one each who stood as a Constitutionalist and an Independent Liberal) were candidates for re-election but were not returned.
Disqualified.
One member first elected in 1922 had his election overturned on petition:
He stood unsuccessfully in subsequent elections.
Died.
List of members first elected in 1922 who died in office:
Retired.
List of members first elected in 1922 who retired in 1923:
Defeated.
List of members first elected in 1922 who were defeated in 1923:

</doc>
<doc id="20838075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838075" title="General Alphabet of Cameroon Languages">
General Alphabet of Cameroon Languages

The General Alphabet of Cameroon Languages was created in the late 1970s from the ISO basic Latin alphabet as an orthographic system for all Cameroonian languages. 
Maurice Tadadjeu and Etienne Sadembouo were central to this effort.

</doc>
<doc id="20838079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838079" title="Napredak">
Napredak

Napredak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20838090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838090" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2009 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2009 (U.S.)

This is a list of songs which reached number one on the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20838093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838093" title="Amr Mcgyver">
Amr Mcgyver

Amr El Sayed Mahmoud (born October 9, 1976) known professionally as Amr Mcgyver, is a 2004, 2005, and 2006 title holder at the "Egyptian Autocross", and was called "The Champion Of Egypt" in 2007. He was born in Cairo where cars became a part of his life at the age of 10. He joined autocross at the age of 18, and he raced in many street and autocross race before starting his career as a stunt driver and a professional autocross racer.
Career.
His first stunt at "Rehlet hob" started his career as a stunt driver. By performing hundreds of stunts in many movies, such as "Ghawy hob", "Heya Fawda", "Kheyana Mashroaa", and others made him a popular stunt driver in Egypt.
He has also performed in many 2008 movies such as "El Waad", "Ramadan Mabrouk Abo El aalemain hamoda", "Shebh Monharef" and many others. Also, instead of completing his career as a professional racer abroad, he chose to stay in Egypt and raise his career.
Mcgyver Team.
The Mcgyver Team was first established in 2004, when the team got together by chance in the making of "Abo Aly". The team is a professional stunt team that performs chases, explosions and other dangerous activities relating to cars. The team also works on car maintenance.
Personal life.
When he was 13, his father gave him the name McGyver.
Amr now prefers to spend his spare time by learning new topics and activities. He has an interest in cars, and his two favorites are the Mini Cooper and BMW M3 series.

</doc>
<doc id="20838106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838106" title="Hilyard M. Brown">
Hilyard M. Brown

__NOTOC__
Hilyard M. Brown (16 February 1910 – 12 October 2002) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cleopatra".

</doc>
<doc id="20838108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838108" title="Sir James Knott, 1st Baronet">
Sir James Knott, 1st Baronet

Sir James Knott, 1st Baronet (31 January 1855 – 8 June 1934) was a shipping magnate (Prince Steam Shipping Company Ltd. (Prince Line)) and Conservative Party politician in the north-east of England.
Several institutions in the north-east of England are named after him, such as the "Knott Memorial Hall" in Heddon-on-the-Wall.
Career.
He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1906 general election in the Tyneside division of Northumberland. At the January 1910 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for the two-seat constituency of Sunderland, along with Samuel Storey (who had been MP for the constituency from 1881 to 1895). Storey was an "Independent Tariff Reform" candidate (i.e. opposed to free trade), but his candidacy had the full support of the local Conservative association and his return of election expenses was made jointly with Knott, who was the official Conservative candidate. They both stood down because of ill-health at the general election in December 1910.
He was made a baronet in 1917, of Close House, Northumberland.
Samarès Manor.
In 1924, he moved to Jersey, purchased Samarès Manor and became the Seigneur of Samarès.
Family.
Two of his three sons died at young age in the Great War, Henry in 1915 followed by James in 1916.
He was succeeded at his death by his surviving son, Sir Thomas Garbutt Knott (1879-1949), as 2nd Baronet and who died without children.
Death duties.
On 13 November 1934, John Stourton, MP for Salford South, asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether an agreement had been reached over payment of death duties on Knott's £5m estate. Neville Chamberlain replied that he "was not prepared to disclose information as to the position in regard to taxation in a particular case.".

</doc>
<doc id="20838112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838112" title="Joseph Mears">
Joseph Mears

Joseph Theophilus "JT" Mears (1871 - October 1935), was an English businessman, most notable for co-founding Chelsea Football Club.
Joseph Mears was born in 1871 in Hammersmith, London, the elder son of Joseph Mears, a builder. 
In 1896, Mears and his brother Gus purchased the Stamford Bridge Athletics Ground and went on to found Chelsea Football Club in 1905. Though he was never chairman, Joseph was the "dominant influence" at the club after the death of his brother in 1912 with his son, Joe, and grandson, Brian, both later serving as chairman of the football club.
In 1907, Mears acquired the business of the Thames Electric & Motor Launch Co at Eel Pie Island and he went on to build up a large fleet of passenger launches on the Thames. 
In 1919 he formed his business into Joseph Mears Launches & Motors Ltd, and acquired a garage in Richmond, along with several motor coaches. The company continued until 1945, when it passed to a newly formed company, Thames Launches Ltd.
He formed Joseph Mears Cinemas Ltd which built up a group of cinemas around the Richmond area.
Mears was Mayor of Richmond from 1931 to 1932.
He died in October 1935 and is buried in Richmond Cemetery in London. Mears left an estimated fortune of £30m.

</doc>
<doc id="20838124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838124" title="Elven Webb">
Elven Webb

Elven Webb (August 29, 1910 – September 1979) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Webb won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20838134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838134" title="Shenzhen North Railway Station">
Shenzhen North Railway Station

Shenzhen North Railway Station ( Shenzhenbei Zhan) is a station in Longhua, Bao'an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. It has 11 platforms and 20 lines. It is an interchange station between the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link (), the Hangzhou–Fuzhou–Shenzhen High-Speed Railway (), future Maoming-Shenzhen High-Speed Railway and Shenzhen Metro Line 4, 5 and 6. Construction started in 2007 and was completed in June 2011.
History.
Planning and design.
Since 1980, Shenzhen Special Economic Zone, the established Shenzhen Railway Station has been the main railway terminal locally. But with the increasing frequency of trains, the original station has insufficient space to use. It is located in the city center and close to the border can not be expanded. So in the late 1990s it was proposed for the construction of a second railway terminal in Shenzhen. Prior to the completion of a second terminal, in the interim many long-distance trains in Shenzhen were able to use the temporary Shenzhen West Railway Station, (now permanent).
November 2003, the Shenzhen Municipal Government completed a new planning study that suggested that a new station to serve the Beijing–Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong High-Speed Railway, Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link and the Xiamen–Shenzhen Railway would be located in Longhua District, Shenzhen in order to be central to all of Shenzhen.
July–October 2005, the Shenzhen Municipal Government and the Ministry of Railways jointly launched the " National Railway Passenger Station in Shenzhen Comprehensive Plan International Advisory ", inviting four foreign and three domestic design companies to submit their ideas to the Railway Survey and Design Institute. All submitting a preliminary plan for Shenzhen North Station as an integrated hub in the planning. August 2006, the two sides jointly signed a memorandum to construct the station. June 2007, the Ministry of Railways launched a project feasibility study & preliminary designs, which were completed in November 2007. Differeces between the Shenzhen authorities and the Ministry of Railways caused for a changing of views on the relationship between railway stations and urban transport, causing a delay in the coordination of planning. The final plans were only unveiled in 2008.
Renamed.
Numerous names were mooted for new project, with some being used in early announcements and planning documents, such as the New Station in Shenzhen, Shenzhen New Railway Station, Longhua Railway Station and others. December 23, 2008, the Shenzhen Municipal Planning Bureau issued a public notice, the new Shenzhen station was officially named "Shenzhen North Station". Another station on the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Railway, formerly known as freight Shenzhen North Station & marshalling yard, was renamed Sun Gang station to avoid confusion.
Subway station.
Shenzhen Metro Line 4 (Longhua Line) was opened and put into operation on June 16, 2011. At this time the Line 5 (Huanzhong Line) was also opened several days later on June 22, allowing for the Shenzhen North East Square to be officially opened. For up to six months before the high-speed railway was completed, the Shenzhen North Station subway and bus shuttle transfer hall functioned.
The opening of the high-speed rail station.
The high-speed rail section of the Shenzhen North Railway Station had repeatedly delayed the opening time. It changed from before the November 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games to December 28 and then changed to August 8, 2011 and again postponed to December 26, 2011. Influenced by the 2011 Wenzhou high-speed train rear-end accident, coupled with the Chinese government beginning to reflect on the construction of all high-speed rail, this caused a slow down in high-speed rail construction and other issues. On December 26, 2011 morning, the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link's Guangzhou-Shenzhen section, opening ceremony was held in Shenzhen North Station, with the Minister of Railways Sheng Guangzu, the Guangdong Provincial Party Secretary Wang Yang, the former governor of Guangdong Province Huang Hua Hua and acting governor of Guangdong Zhu Xiaodan, who attended the ceremony. The first train G6126 left at 10:40am and in 28 minutes arrived at Guangzhou South Railway Station.
Initial opening services were from Shenzhen North Station to Guangzhou South Station. Passengers wanting to travel between Wuhan and Guangzhou high-speed railway stations, had to transfer at Guangzhou South Railway Station. From April 1, 2012, Shenzhen North Station increased to 20 pairs to Wuhan Railway Station and Changsha South Railway Station.
Station Structure.
Shenzhen North Station is located in Shenzhen Bao'an District [ [ Longhua street ( Shenzhen ) | Longhua ] ] 9.3 km from the downtown area of Shenzhen . Its site is located in the geometric center of Shenzhen and population centers, with more favorable conditions for the development.
The whole site is divided into three parts: the high-speed rail station house, East Plaza and West Plaza. The total land area extends about 650,000 square meters, with a construction area of about 400,000 square meters. Among them, the high-speed railway was in a north-south direction, with the station building located on the top of the tracks ; the East Square is dominated by public transport interchange; West Plaza has most of the private car parking and long distance bus terminal.
Line 4 (Longhua Line), Shenzhen Metro located in Shenzhen North Station's East Square in an elevated station, running substantially parallel with the high-speed rail station under the large shared roof. The Pingnan Railway runs from east to west under the entire station but has no platforms and no services stop on this line. Line 5 (Huanzhong Line) of the Shenzhen Metro also runs east-west under the station complex. A substantial internal road network was developed to reduce the affect of taxi and bus traffic on the local road network.
Service.
As of October 2012, Shenzhen North station is the terminal for numerous G-series trains on the Shenzhen-Guangzhou-Wuhan-Zhengzhou high-speed line. One of these trains continues on to Xi'an. Commencing on December 26, 2012, trains now operate between Shenzhen North and Beijing West, making it the longest high speed rail journey possible in the world.
All other Shenzhen's trains are served elsewhere. Less expensive D-series trains to Guangzhou, as well as various "conventional" trains to destinations throughout China leave from Shenzhen Railway Station; there is also a much less busy Shenzhen West Railway Station. Shenzhen East Railway Station opened in December 2012 to handle regional services and connected to Shenzhen North on the soon to be completed Hangzhou–Fuzhou–Shenzhen High-Speed Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20838151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838151" title="Maurice Pelling">
Maurice Pelling

Maurice Pelling was an American art director. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cleopatra".

</doc>
<doc id="20838163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838163" title="Alberta Taciuk process">
Alberta Taciuk process

The Alberta Taciuk process (ATP; known also as the AOSTRA Taciuk process) is an above-ground dry thermal retorting technology for extracting oil from oil sands, oil shale and other organics-bearing materials, including oil contaminated soils, sludges and wastes. The technology is named after its inventor William Taciuk and the Alberta Oil Sands Technology and Research Authority.
History.
The research and development of the ATP technology started in 1970. In 1975, its inventor, William Taciuk, formed the UMATAC Industrial Processes (now part of Polysius) to further its development. The first ATP pilot plant was constructed in 1977.
The ATP was originally developed for pyrolysis of oil sand. However, its first commercial application in 1989 was dedicated to the environmental remediation of contaminated soils. From 1999 to 2004, ATP technology was used for shale oil extraction at the Stuart Oil Shale Plant in Australia. During that time, of shale oil was extracted before the owner, Southern Pacific Petroleum Pty Ltd went into receivership. The subsequent owner, Queensland Energy Resources closed and dismantled the plant.
In 2002, Estonian company Viru Keemia Grupp tested this technology; however, it was not taken into use.
Technology.
The ATP is an above-ground oil-shale retorting technology classified as a hot recycled solids technology. The distinguishing feature of the ATP is that the drying and pyrolysis of the oil shale or other feed, as well as the combustion, recycling, and cooling of spent materials and residues, all occur within a single rotating multi-chamber horizontal retort. Its feed consists of fine particles.
In its shale-oil applications, fine particles (less than in diameter) are fed into the preheat tubes of the retort, where they are dried and preheated to indirectly by hot shale ash and hot flue gas. In the pyrolysis zone, oil shale particles are mixed with hot shale ash and the pyrolysis is performed at temperatures between and . The resulting shale oil vapor is withdrawn from the retort through a vapour tube and recovered by condensation in other equipment. The char residues, mixed with ash, are moved to the combustion zone, and burnt at about to form shale ash. Part of the ash is delivered to the pyrolysis zone, where its heat is recycled as a hot solid carrier; the other part is removed and cooled in the cooling zone with the combustion gases by heat transfer to the feed oil shale.
The advantages of the ATP technology for shale oil extraction lie in its simple and robust design, energy self-sufficiency, minimal process water requirements, ability to handle fine particles, and high oil yields. It is particularly suited for processing materials with otherwise low oil yield. The mechanical transfer of solids through the machine does not involve moving parts and it achieves improved process efficiencies through solid-to-solid heat transfer. Most of the process energy (over 80%) is produced by combustion of char and produced oil shale gas; external energy inputs are minimal. The oil yields are about 85–90% of Fischer Assay. The organic carbon content of the process residue (spent shale) is less than 3%. The process produces only small amounts of contaminated water with low concentrations of phenols. These advantages also apply to its oil sands applications, including increased oil yield, a simplified process flow, reduction of bitumen losses to tailings, elimination of the need for tailing ponds, improvement in energy efficiency compared with the hot water extraction process, and elimination of requirements for chemical and other additives.
A complication of the ATP is that retorting operations can reach temperatures at which carbonate minerals within the shale decompose, increasing greenhouse gas emissions.
Operations.
As of 2008, ATP was used by the United States Environmental Protection Agency at a PCB-contaminated site near Buffalo, New York, and at the Waukegan Harbor, Illinois.
UMATAC Industrial Processes runs a 5 tons of oil shale per hour pilot processor in Calgary, Alberta for large scale tests of different oil shales. The Fushun Mining Group of China has built a 250 tonnes per hour ATP plant that began commissioning in 2010. Jordan Energy and Mining Ltd plans to use the ATP technology for extracting oil from Al Lajjun and Attarat oil shale deposits in Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20838165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838165" title="Boris Juraga">
Boris Juraga

Boris Juraga was an American art director. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cleopatra".

</doc>
<doc id="20838168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838168" title="Debbie Rush">
Debbie Rush

Debbie Rush is an English actress best known for playing the role of Anna Windass in Coronation Street. 
After training at the Manchester School Of Acting when she was in her thirties, she has also starred in "Shameless" and "Hollyoaks in the City." Rush also filmed the role of "Pam" in the horror film "Salvage."
In December 2010, Rush released her own fitness DVD, Debbie Rush's Bulge Buster Workout.

</doc>
<doc id="20838187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838187" title="List of equestrian statues in France">
List of equestrian statues in France

This is a list of equestrian statues in France.
Vannes.
Equestrian statue of Duke Arthur III by Arthur Jacques Le Duc, 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20838188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838188" title="Switzerland in the Roman era">
Switzerland in the Roman era

The territory of modern Switzerland was a part of the Roman Republic and Empire for a period of about six centuries, beginning with the step-by-step conquest of the area by Roman armies from the 2nd century BC and ending with the decline of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD.
The mostly Celtic tribes of the area were subjugated by successive Roman campaigns aimed at control of the strategic routes from Italy across the Alps to the Rhine and into Gaul, most importantly by Julius Caesar's defeat of the largest tribal group, the Helvetii, in 58 BC. Under the "Pax Romana", the area was smoothly integrated into the prospering Empire, and its population assimilated into the wider Gallo-Roman culture by the 2nd century AD, as the Romans enlisted the native aristocracy to engage in local government, built a network of roads connecting their newly established colonial cities and divided up the area among the Roman provinces.
Roman civilization began to retreat from Swiss territory when it became a border region again after the Crisis of the Third Century. Roman control of most of Switzerland ceased in 401 AD, after which the area began to be occupied by Germanic peoples.
Switzerland prior to the Roman conquest.
The Swiss plateau, within the natural borders of the Alps to the South and East, Lake Geneva and the Rhône to the west and the Rhine to the north, was recognized as a contiguous territory by Julius Caesar.
This area had been dominated by the La Tène culture since the 5th century BC, settled by a mostly Celtic population (Gauls), of which the five tribes of the Helvetii were the most numerous, but which also included the Rauraci in north-west Switzerland centered on Basel, the Allobroges around Geneva. South of the Swiss plateau were the 
Nantuates, Seduni and Veragri in the Valais, the Lepontii in the Ticino, while the Raetians controlled the Grisons as well as large areas around it.
The Roman conquest.
Early contact.
The first part of what is now Switzerland to fall to Rome was the southern Ticino, annexed after the Roman victory over the Insubres in 222 BC. The territory of the Allobroges around Geneva came under Roman sway by 121 BC and was incorporated into the province of Gallia Narbonensis prior to the Gallic Wars (58–51 BC).
In around 110 BC, two Helvetic tribes under Divico – the Tigurini and the Tougeni, sometimes identified with the Teutons – joined the wandering Germanic Cimbri on a march to the West. In the course of the Cimbrian War they defeated a Roman force under Lucius Cassius Longinus at the Battle of Burdigala in 107 BC, but after the Roman victory over the Teutons at Aquae Sextiae in 102 BC, the Tigurini returned to settle in the Swiss Plateau.
Defeat of the Helvetii.
In 61 BC, the Helvetii, led by Orgetorix, decided to leave their lands and move to the West, burning their settlements behind them – twelve oppida, according to Caesar, and some 400 villages. They were decisively beaten by Caesar in the Battle of Bibracte in 58 BC. After their surrender, Caesar sent the Helvetii home, according them the status of "foederati" or Roman allies, but not yet (as has previously been believed) fully subjugating them to Roman sovereignty.
Caesar's policy aimed at controlling the territory west of the Jura and Rhine, as well as at blocking the potential incursion routes from the East along the Jura. The Raetians, described as savage warriors by Strabo, continued to launch incursions into the Swiss Plateau and also had to be contained. To that end, Caesar charged the Helvetii and the Rauraci with defending their territory and established two colonies of veterans – one, the Colonia Julia Equestris (now Nyon) on the shores of Lake Geneva and the other through Lucius Munatius Plancus in northwestern Switzerland, preceding the larger Augusta Raurica founded by Augustus in around 6 AD.
Conquest of the Alps.
Caesar's attempt to open the Great St Bernard Pass for Roman traffic failed in 57 BC due to strong opposition by the local Veragri. Concerted and successful efforts to gain control over the Alpine region were undertaken by his successor, Augustus, as the rapid development of Lugdunum (Lyon) made the establishment of a safe and direct route from Gaul to Italy a priority.
In 25 BC, an army under Aulus Terentius Varro Murena wiped out the Salassi in the Aosta Valley. At some time between 25 and 7 BC – either following the Aosta campaign or, more likely, in the course of the conquest of Raetia in 15 BC – a campaign also subjugated the Celtic tribes of the Valais and opened the Great St Bernard Pass.
That conquest was a consequence of the Augustan imperative of securing the Imperial borders. To effectively control the Alps as the shield of northern Italy, Rome needed to control both flanks of the mountain range. Thus it had to extend its power to the Rhine and Danube, thereby also opening a direct route to Germania and all of Central Europe. The last obstacle in this path were the Raetians. After a first expedition against them by Publius Silius Nerva in 16 BC, a more thorough campaign by Drusus and the later emperor Tiberius brought Raetia – and thereby all of Switzerland – firmly under Roman control.
The tropaeum alpium, built by Augustus in 7 BC to celebrate his conquest of the Alps, lists among the defeated peoples the tribes of Raetia and of the Valais, but not the Helvetii. It appears that they were absorbed peacefully into the Empire during the first century AD, except for their part in the conflicts of the Year of the Four Emperors, AD 69.
Roman Switzerland.
The history of Switzerland under Roman rule was, from the Augustan period up until 260 AD, a time of exceptional peace and prosperity. The "Pax Romana" was made possible by the protection of well-defended and distant Imperial borders and a peaceful and smooth Romanization of the local population. The Romans urbanized the territory with numerous settlements and built a network of high-quality Roman roads connecting them, allowing for the integration of "Helvetia" into the imperial economy.
Roman settlements.
While the Roman presence was always strong in the Alps, where the crucial North-South connection had to be kept open, the Swiss plateau was not really Romanized until decades after the conquest. The principal Roman settlements in Switzerland were the cities of Iulia Equestris (Nyon), Aventicum (Avenches), Augusta Raurica (Augst) and Vindonissa (Windisch). Evidence has also been found of almost twenty Roman villages ("vici") established in the 1st to 3rd century AD, as well as hundreds of villas of varying sizes built in the western and central part of the Swiss Plateau. The known "vici" include:
The colonies of Nyon and Augusta Raurica at first had little cultural influence beyond their immediate surroundings. After Roman military defeats in Germania in 12–9 BC and 6–9 AD, the frontier was moved back to the Rhine and guarded by eight legions, of which one, originally "Legio XIII Gemina", was based in the permanent camp of Vindonissa (Windisch).
Aventicum (Avenches) was likely the capital of the Helvetii since its founding at the beginning of the 1st century. In the 40s, it benefited from the traffic brought over the St Bernard pass over a street expanded by Claudius, and in 71 it acquired the status of a Roman colony and of an allied city. This is believed to have been a favor of Vespasian for the city in which he had lived for a time, or a measure to better control the Helvetii after the events of 69 by implanting a colony of veterans in their midst.
Administrative divisions.
The Alps were first administered by a legatus pro praetore in Augusta Vindelicorum (Augsburg), then by the procurator of the new province of Raetia. The Valais was split from Raetia by Claudius in AD 43 and merged with the province of "Alpes Graiae" to form a new province, Alpes Graiae et Poeninae. 
As for the Swiss plateau, its western and central part up to "Ad Fines" (Pfyn) was administratively part of the province of Belgica and for military purposes part of Germania Superior. Its eastern part belonged to Raetia.
This division, established by Augustus in 22 BC, was accompanied by a redistribution of tribal settlement areas. It remained essentially unchanged until Diocletian's reforms in the third century, when parts of Switzerland each belonged to the provinces of Sequania, Vienna, Raetia Prima, Liguria and "Alpes Graiae et Poeninae".
Government.
The colonies of Nyon, Aventicum and Augusta Raurica were governed under republican constitutions similar to that of Rome. Most governmental powers were exercised by a pair of magistrates, the "duoviri", elected annually first by all citizens older than 25, and in later times by the city council or "ordo decurionum". The 100 members of this council, which corresponded to the Roman Senate, were selected by the duomviri among former officials or priests according to their wealth, and held office for life.
Augusta Raurica and Aventicum were also the "civitates", or capitals, of the non-Roman tribes of the Rauraci and Helvetii, respectively. In that capacity, the magistrates of Aventicum, as "duoviri coloniae Helvetiorum", also governed the entire Helvetic population, which had the legal status of "incolae" (inhabitants) invested with the Latin Right. The rights of the Roman "coloni", or colonists, were represented by a special authority, the "curatores colonorum Aventicensum" ("Heads of the colonists of Aventicum"). Moreover, the Roman citizens of the entire territory established the "cives Romani conventus Helvetici" ("Association of Roman citizens in Helvetia").
The "civitas" (tribal community) of the Helvetii was similar to that of the Celtic tribes of the Valais, which were merged into a single "civitas Vallensis" probably around 40 AD, and given Forum Claudii Vallensium (Martigny) as their capital. Parts of the modern Ticino belonged to the colony of Comum (Como), founded in the 1st century AD. On the local level, the basic administrative units were the "vici", replacing the Helvetic "pagi", or tribes, which were dissolved at the time of colonization. These villages enjoyed a certain autonomy and were governed by popularly elected magistrates ("magistri" or "curatores").
While the governmental system in the central and western part of Switzerland, as described above, is well documented, nothing of substance is known about the political and administrative system in eastern Raetia. However, records of the time show that a great number of local nobles held political and religious offices in Raetia, indicating that the Romans successfully co-opted the local elite.
Culture and society.
Testaments of Roman culture such as baths, floor heating and imported goods (pottery, glass, religious icons and artworks) have been found in even the poorest Roman era dwellings, indicating that Romanization was effective at all levels of society. Roman public baths were found in all villages, temples with integrated theaters – showing animal or gladiatorial combat – in most.
While the superimposition of Roman culture on the local population appears to have been unproblematic and thorough, the Celtic traditions did not disappear entirely, resulting in a fusion of Roman and local culture that characterized all aspects of society. Latin, the language of government and instruction, only gradually replaced the local Celtic dialects in everyday use. Local artworks and religious icons of the period exhibit influences of ornamental Celtic art, classical Greco-Roman art and even Oriental styles from the far reaches of the Empire. An important incentive for the local people to Romanize was the perspective of obtaining the various degrees of Roman citizenship and the rights conferred thereby, including the right to vote, to hold public office and to render military service. 
The hundreds of "villae" found in Switzerland, some very luxurious, attest to the existence of a wealthy and cultured upper class of landowners. Many "villae" belonged not to Roman immigrants, but to members of the Celtic aristocracy who continued to hold their lands and their rank after the Roman conquest. Of the lower classes, much less is known, although there are inscriptions attesting to the existence of guilds ("collegia") of boat skippers, doctors, teachers and traders, as well as to the existence of a trade in slaves.
Religion.
Polytheism.
In the course of Romanization, the Celtic polytheism of the local tribes was merged – syncretized – with the Roman religion. The Celtic deities came to be worshiped under the names of their Roman counterparts. Thus Lugus was replaced by Mercury, Belenus by Apollo, Taranis by Jupiter and so forth, in a practice called "interpretatio romana" by Caesar, who pioneered it. Roman gods also acquired the names of local gods as epithets; thus Mars was venerated as "Mars Caturix", Mercury as "Mercurius Cissonius" and Jupiter as "Jupiter Poeninus" after the god of the Pennine Alps.
As oriental religions grew more popular in the later Empire – unlike the traditional Roman cults, they promised rewards in the afterlife – they also percolated into Gaul. Artifacts related to the cults of gods such as Isis, Osiris, Serapis, Kybele, Serapios, Dionysos or Mithras have been found at the site of every Roman settlement in Switzerland.
The great significance of religion in the culture of Roman Switzerland is illustrated by the imposing size and central location of the Roman temples in the cities, as well as by the great number of religious artifacts found by archaeologists. As everywhere in the Empire, the Imperial cult was practiced in Switzerland; it had a particularly prominent temple in the center of the "forum" of Nyon.
Christianity.
The first clear testaments to Christian communities in Switzerland date after 313, when the religion was officially tolerated with the Edict of Milan. It is however certain that, as in Gaul, the Christian faith had already had adherents for some time prior to 313.
The first bishop in Switzerland was either Justinianus, bishop of the Rauricans, in 340 (his historicity is not certain) or Theodorus, bishop of Octodurus, in 381 or earlier. The first Christian religious buildings date to the 4th century; they are found in Geneva, Chur and Saint-Maurice, known for the legend of the Theban Legion.
Decline of Roman civilization in Switzerland.
The catastrophe of 260.
The order and prosperity that the "Pax Romana" had brought to Switzerland ended, as elsewhere in the Empire, with the Crisis of the Third Century. In 260, when the Gallic Empire briefly seceded from Rome, the emperor Gallienus withdrew the legions from the Rhine to fight the usurper Ingenuus, allowing the warlike Alemanni to enter the Swiss plateau. There, cities, villages and most "villae" were raided or sacked by marauding bands. The numerous caches of coins recovered from the period between 250 and 280 attest to the severity of the crisis. Only the Valais, shielded by mountains, escaped these predations.
Borderlands.
As the Empire's frontiers receded to the Rhine, Switzerland once again became a border area. Its defenses were strengthened, especially under Diocletian and Constantine, who rebuilt the roads and built castles ("castra") alongside. Numerous fortifications were built along the Rhine border and further south, providing for a defense in depth. The border fortifications were completed by Valentinian I in 371, who established a chain of watchtowers along the Rhine from Lake Constance to Basel, with each tower no more than away from the next one.
But even these efforts could not restore peace and order in Switzerland, and numerous settlements were abandoned as their inhabitants fled to more defensible places or to the South. Urban culture faded away as the cities of Nyon and Augusta Raurica were permanently abandoned during the 4th century, the stones of their ruins serving to fortify Geneva and Basel. Aventicum never recovered from its pillages: Ammianus Marcellinus noted in around 360 that "the city was once very illustrious, as its half-ruined buildings attest."
Transition to the Middle Ages.
The Roman era of Switzerland is traditionally held to have ended in 401 AD, when Stilicho withdrew all troops from the Rhine. This made way for the subsequent and apparently non-violent takeover of western Switzerland by the Burgundians (placed there by Flavius Aetius in 443 as a shield against the invading Huns) and of Northern and Central Switzerland by the Alamanni. These settlements established the most important cultural and linguistic division in modern Switzerland: the Burgundian areas eventually became the French-speaking "Romandie", while the people in the larger Eastern half – called "la suisse alémanique" in French – still speak variants of Alemannic German.
Raetia maintained its Roman traditions longer than the rest of Switzerland, but most of it was eventually assimilated as well, leaving only a small territory where a Vulgar Latin dialect, Romansh, is spoken to this day. The assassination of Aetius in 454 and the subsequent retreat of Roman forces to the south of the Alps marked the definitive end of Roman power in Switzerland, and the beginning of the transition to the Middle Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="20838201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838201" title="Orthetrum pruinosum">
Orthetrum pruinosum

Orthetrum pruinosum, the Crimson-tailed Marsh Hawk, is a species of dragonfly. It is a widespread species occurring from west India to Japan and south to Java and the Sunda Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20838204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838204" title="Shenzhen North Station">
Shenzhen North Station

Shenzhen North Station () is a Metro station of Longhua Line and Huanzhong Line, Shenzhen Metro. It will also be station of Guangming Line after it completed.

</doc>
<doc id="20838205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838205" title="German Speedway Championship">
German Speedway Championship

The German Speedway Championships are an annual motorcycle speedway events held each year organized by the Deutscher Motor Sport Bund.

</doc>
<doc id="20838206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838206" title="Slaviša Čula">
Slaviša Čula

Slaviša Čula (Serbian Cyrillic: Cлaвишa Чулa ; born 28 November 1968 in Kostolac) is a Serbian former football player.
He won Yugoslav First League in 1991.
During his career he had played for FK Napredak Kruševac, FK Sutjeska Nikšić, Red Star Belgrade, FK Proleter Zrenjanin, FK Borac Banja Luka, Örgryte IS, FC Dinamo Bucureşti, Hapoel Be'er Sheva, Enosis Neon Paralimni FC, Olympiakos Nicosia and FK Rudar Kostolac

</doc>
<doc id="20838217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838217" title="Joe Margoneri">
Joe Margoneri

Joseph Emanuel Margoneri (born January 13, 1930) is a former pitcher who played in Major League Baseball in the and seasons. Listed at 6' 0", 185 lb., he batted and threw left-handed. 
A native of Somerset, Pennsylvania, Margoneri was signed by the New York Giants in 1950, but he saw his baseball career interrupted by a military stint during Korean War from 1953 to 1954. After being discharged from military service, he pitched for the Magallanes champion team of the VPBL (1954–1955), and was responsible for the only defeat suffered by Puerto Rican champion team, 7–2, in the closing game of the 1955 Caribbean Series.
Margoneri was 26 years old when he entered the majors in 1956 with the Giants, playing for them two years. His most productive season came in 1956, when he finished 6–6 with a 3.93 earned run average in a pitching rotation that included Johnny Antonelli (20–13), Rubén Gómez (7–17), Al Worthington (7–14) and Jim Hearn (5–11). The next year he worked almost exclusively as a left-handed specialist out of the bullpen.
In a two-season career, Margoneri posted a 7–7 record with a 4.29 ERA in 36 appearances, including 15 starts and three complete games, giving up 60 earned runs on 132 hits and 70 walks while striking out 67 in 126.0 innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="20838227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838227" title="Longhua Station">
Longhua Station

Longhua Station () is a station of Shenzhen Metro Longhua Line. It has the same name with Longhua Line, Shenzhen Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="20838250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838250" title="Suite Punta del Este">
Suite Punta del Este

Suite Punta del Este is a tango nuevo work for orchestral strings and a bandoneón written by the Argentine composer Ástor Piazzolla in 1982. Punta del Este is an Uruguayan resort where the artist spent many summers and particularly enjoyed shark fishing.
It is broken into 3 movements:
I. Introduccion: Allegro pesante
II. Coral: Adagio
III. Fuga: Allegro vivace.
Suite Punta Del Este is a fantastic work for bandoneon (accordion), flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon and strings.
It has been used as a signature theme for the 1995 science fiction film "12 Monkeys" as well as a model for music in a scene in "The Simpsons" episode "Yokel Chords".

</doc>
<doc id="20838264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20838264" title="Come Blow Your Horn (film)">
Come Blow Your Horn (film)

Come Blow Your Horn is a 1963 American comedy film starring Frank Sinatra, directed by Bud Yorkin with a screenplay by Norman Lear, and based on the play of the same name by Neil Simon.
Plot.
Buddy Baker is bored living with his parents. He goes to the big-city apartment of older brother Alan, who works for their father's artificial-fruit company but never lets business interfere with a good time.
A confirmed bachelor, Alan is all too willing to teach his younger brother a few tricks, improve his wardrobe, even introduce him to Peggy, a girl with an apartment upstairs. Alan's steadiest companion is Connie, but even she's running out of patience with his lack of interest in settling down.
A jealous husband accuses Alan of running around with his wife and beats him up. Alan begins rethinking his life. He proposes marriage to Connie and then intervenes when he hears that his own parents are contemplating a divorce. Giving up his own ways for good, Alan even turns over his swinging bachelor pad to Buddy.
Cast.
Norman Lear and Dean Martin both make cameo appearances in the film.
Reception.
Box office performance.
"Come Blow Your Horn" was the 15th highest grossing film of 1963, grossing $12,705,882 in the United States, earning $6 million in domestic rentals.
Awards.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Hal Pereira, Roland Anderson, Sam Comer, James W. Payne).

</doc>
