<doc id="20646351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646351" title="Yuna (Final Fantasy)">
Yuna (Final Fantasy)

Tetsuya Nomura based Yuna's overall design on hakama, but also wanted to give her outfit something that would flow and so gave her a furisode. Nomura said that her name carried the night in the Okinawan language in contrast to Tidus, which translates to sun. For "Final Fantasy X-2", the game's staff wanted Tetsu Tsukamoto to redesign her costume to reflect her personality and the game's atmosphere. Yuna's character was well received by many media critics and fans and in particular praised for her relationship to Tidus, as well as her characterization and sex appeal. Despite this positive reception, there was a mixed reception for her role in "Final Fantasy X-2" due to her redesign.
Appearances.
In "Final Fantasy X", Yuna is introduced as a summoner who can use healing magic and is able to summon powerful magical entities called aeons with help from spirits known as Fayths. Already known throughout Spira as the daughter of High Summoner Braska, who previously brought a brief respite from Sin's destruction ten years earlier, Yuna decides to embark on the summoner's pilgrimage to become a High Summoner herself. Yuna must journey to temples across the world, acquire the aeon from each and summon the Final Aeon in a battle that will kill them both. She gradually becomes more open and falls in love with Tidus. Upon arriving at the place where Yuna can summon the final aeon, Tidus persuades the group to look for another way to defeat Sin without using any sacrifices. After entering Sin's body, Yuna and her guardians defeat the disembodied spirit of Yu Yevon, who is responsible for reviving Sin after each defeat, allowing an eternal Calm start in Spira. However, Tidus disappears as he is the product of the Fayth, who could not depart until Sin's defeat.
In "Final Fantasy X-2", set two years after "Final Fantasy X", Yuna is a member of the sphere hunting group Gullwings, along with Rikku and Paine. In the game's international version, the Gullwings go their separate ways before the game's opening, with Yuna returning to Besaid Island. The trio then reunite to explore a tower. In "X-2", Yuna journeys to Spira in search of the truth behind a sphere containing a video featuring a man resembling Tidus in prison. During her journey, Yuna discovers the man from the sphere was actually Shuyin, a spirit who wishes to destroy Spira in revenge for the death of his lover, Lenne. The Gullwings defeat Shuyin who departs to the afterlife with Lenne's spirit. Depending on the player's progress throughout the game, the Fayth may revive Tidus so that she can reunite with him.
She also appears in "Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy", an action game that features several "Final Fantasy" characters, as one of the characters to be summoned by the goddess Cosmos to participate in a war against her rival Chaos. For this game, Yuna appears in her "Final Fantasy X" form but sightly arranged to fit with the game's cast. Additionally, she has an alternative design based on Yoshitaka Amano's illustration, and a wedding dress from "Final Fantasy X". Her "Final Fantasy X-2" regular form was made available as downloadable content.
Outside the "Final Fantasy" series, Yuna appears in "Kingdom Hearts II" as a pixie along with Paine and Rikku. Bribed by Maleficent into spying on Leon's group, the pixies eventually switch sides after being abandoned by the witch and told of Sora's cause. Yuna is also featured in the board game style video game "Itadaki Street Special", appearing alongside Auron and Tidus, and represents "Final Fantasy X" in the rhythm game "Theatrhythm Final Fantasy".
Multiple figures and figurines of Yuna were produced by various manufacturers, including a 2001 figure by Square. A 2003 audio CD "Final Fantasy X-2 Vocal Collections" features performances by Mayuko Aoki, Marika Matsumoto and Megumi Toyoguchi, the voice actresses for Yuna, Rikku and Paine, respectively.
Creation and development.
According to Tetsuya Nomura, he based Yuna's overall design on hakama, a type of traditional Japanese clothing. Nomura said that when he learned the character was to perform a dance called the "sending," he wanted to give her outfit something that would flow. For this reason, the specific type of kimono he chose for her was a furisode, a long-sleeved kimono. Nomura also said that he adorned Yuna's dress and necklace with images of the hibiscus flower also called "yuna," and that her name carries the meaning of "night" (夕な) in Okinawan, establishing a contrast between her and the lead male protagonist of "Final Fantasy X", Tidus, whose Japanese name (ティーダ) translates to "sun" (太陽) in Okinawan. This contrast is also represented in-game by items named for the sun and moon that empower Tidus' and Yuna's most powerful weapons. Nomura explains that while all these subtle details may be unneeded, he wanted his designs to have meaning behind them.
The positive fan reaction to "Final Fantasy X" convinced the developers to continue the story of Yuna and other characters with "Final Fantasy X-2". Costume designer Tetsu Tsukamoto said that the radical design changes for Yuna from one game to the other reflected a huge cultural change. Producer Yoshinori Kitase added that they did not want to make "Final Fantasy X-2" feel like an extension of its predecessor, so they changed the clothing of Yuna, Rikku and others' to make them seem more active. This was accomplished before the story and setting were created. Because Yuna, Rikku and Paine live in a more care-free world, the designers wanted them to be able to dress up, a feature which became key to the gameplay. Scenario writer Kazushige Nojima described her new outfit as a "natural reaction to the heavy stuff she wore in "FFX"." Yuna's singing performance was used to demonstrate the pop feel that the game incorporates. Square stated that her personality was the result of not having her bear the responsibility of being a summoner anymore. However, they stated that while "she could be seen as a completely different person", "deep in her heart, she is the same old Yuna."
In the Japanese versions of the games Yuna has been voiced by Mayuko Aoki.
Reception.
Yuna received positive critical reception for her appearance in "Final Fantasy X". Chris Reiter of Gaming Target ranked her as the third best "PlayStation 2 babe", describing her as "the star heroine whose soft features, kindness, and her unique story makes her one of the better beauties to love." Yuna and Tidus were included on the list of "great loves" by Matthew Rorie of GameSpot in 2006, while AJ Glasser of GamesRadar in 2008 listed them as the second best Square Enix couple. In 2008, "Chip" ranked her as the 13th top "girl of gaming". GamesRadar listed Yuna as one of the 25 best new characters of the 2000s, describing the romance between her and Tidus as "legendary" and Yuna herself as compassionate, generous and dutiful. In 2012, Larry Hester of "Complex" ranked the original version of Yuna as the 20th "hottest" video game character yet. In 2013, "Complex" listed Yuna at number 21 on the list of the greatest heroines in video game history. However, PSU.com retrospectively called Yuna an underrated character and stated that she was overlooked due to Auron and Rikku. In 2013, Gus Turner of "Complex" ranked Yuna as the sixth greatest "Final Fantasy" character of all time.
Yuna's design change in "Final Fantasy X-2" received a mixed reception. Rob Wright of Tom's Hardware included her among the 50 greatest female characters in video game history. Jeremy Dunham of IGN praised the clothing designs, combining "proven and recognizable "Final Fantasy" styles" with a "revealing neo-modern fashion sense", referencing her warrior costume as a stand-out, and also said that English voice actress Hedy Burress' portrayal seemed more comfortable as opposed to the previous game. Brad Shoemaker of GameSpot praised Burress' voice acting, saying that it brought her fully to life in accordance with the other changes in the character. The book "Packaging Girlhood: Rescuing Our Daughters from Marketers' Schemes" described Yuna's appearance as being a "sexy MTV video star", adding that it is a "lesson to girls that being brave, strong, and ready to fight can only last so long - the next adventure is fashion, boyfriends, and sex." GameSpy's Raymond "Psylancer" Padilla called her "the video-game vixen of my dreams." Christian Nutt, also of GameSpy, described Burress' portrayal of Yuna in "X-2" as superb. Various publications compared Yuna to other fictional characters, including the "Charlie's Angels"s Natalie Cook as portrayed by Cameron Diaz; and "Tomb Raider" star Lara Croft, due to her attire and gun-wielding skills. In 2008, GameDaily listed the "Final Fantasy X-2" incarnation of Yuna as one of the top 50 hottest video game women, praising her revealing outfit as well as her alternate costumes. That same year, she was ranked as the tenth on top "Final Fantasy" character by IGN, commenting that while her original appearance made her "fine eye-candy" and her sending scene was one of the best works by the CG studio Square Visual Works, it was the sequel that gave her more confidence and attitude, as well as "a gratuitously exploitative costume that ranks among the series' finest bits of fanboy-baiting."
The character also gained a significant and enduring popularity among the gamer public, especially in Japan. Readers of "Game Informer" voted Yuna's relationship with Tidus as the best of 2001. In a 2008 Oricon poll, Yuna was voted the 10th most popular video game character in Japan. In a 2010 ASCII Media Works poll in which Japanese fans would vote whose video game or manga character would like to name their children after, Yuna came second in the female category. In a 2013 Square Enix poll, Yuna was voted the third most commonly favorite female "Final Fantasy" character. 

</doc>
<doc id="20646358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646358" title="Onchanh Phetsalath">
Onchanh Phetsalath

Onchanh Phetsalath is a Laotian politician and colonel in the Lao Army. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).

</doc>
<doc id="20646361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646361" title="Moldavian Subcarpathians">
Moldavian Subcarpathians

Moldavian Subcarpatians () is a geographic area spanning in the NE of Romania, situated to the east of the Eastern Carpathian Mountains. The subcarpathians are considered to be part of the Moldavian Plateau. They are composed of:
Moldavian Subcarpathians are separated from the rest of the Moldavian Plateau by the Siret and Moldova River Valleys (north and east), and are bounded by the Curvature Subcarpathians () to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20646368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646368" title="Thongleuan Inpanya">
Thongleuan Inpanya

Thongleuan Inpanya is a Laotian politician and lieutenant colonel in the Lao Army. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).

</doc>
<doc id="20646380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646380" title="Khamdy Singkhmphat">
Khamdy Singkhmphat

Khamdy Singkhmphat is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Houaphanh Province (Constituency 8).

</doc>
<doc id="20646384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646384" title="Earth Liberation Front">
Earth Liberation Front

The Earth Liberation Front (ELF), also known as "Elves" or "The Elves", is the collective name for individuals or covert cells who, according to the ELF Press Office, use "economic sabotage and guerrilla warfare to stop the exploitation and destruction of the environment".
The ELF was founded in Brighton in the United Kingdom in 1992 and spread to the rest of Europe by 1994. It is now an international movement with actions reported in 17 countries and is widely regarded as descending from Animal Liberation Front because of the relationship and cooperation between the two movements. Using the same leaderless resistance model, as well as similar guidelines to the ALF, sympathizers say that it is an eco-defense group dedicated to taking the profit motive out of environmental destruction by causing economic damage to businesses through the use of property damage.
The ELF was classified as the top "domestic terror" threat in the United States by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in March 2001, and its members are categorized as "eco-terrorists". On the lack of deaths from ELF attacks, the FBI's deputy assistant director for counterterrorism has said, "I think we're lucky. Once you set one of these fires they can go way out of control." The name came to public prominence when they were featured on the television show "60 Minutes" in 2005. The group was further highlighted in the 2011 Academy Award nominated documentary, . 
Structure and aims.
ELF "monkeywrenching" is carried out against facilities and companies involved in logging, genetic engineering, GMO crops, deforestation, sport utility vehicle (SUV) sales, urban sprawl, rural cluster and developments with larger homes, energy production and distribution, and a wide variety of other activities, all charged by the ELF with exploiting the Earth, its environment and inhabitants.
The Earth Liberation Front has no formal leadership, hierarchy, membership or official spokesperson and is entirely decentralized; instead consisting of individuals or cells who choose the term as a banner to use. Individuals are commonly known to work in affinity groups, known as cells, and are usually self-funded.
Techniques involve destruction of property, by either using tools to disable or the use of arson to destroy what activists believe is being used to injure animals, people or the environment. These actions are sometimes called "ecotage" and there are marked differences between their actions in the United States and the United Kingdom.
With many different reasons why ELF activists carry out economic sabotage, a communique to the press claiming the responsibility for an arson against urban sprawl in December 2000, described the reason a cell took an action. As Elves usually do, they claimed that burning down the house was non-violent, because it was searched for any living creatures; an issue which is much debated within the environmental movement.
Some of the most common and notable attacks are against the development of multi-million dollar houses, a frequent target in the ELF campaign. In a communique to the press from the group's "above-ground spokesperson", Craig Rosebraugh, that was later published in "The Environmental Magazine", the group said in November 2000:
Press office.
The North American Earth Liberation Front Press Office ("NAELFPO" or "ELFPO") was relaunched in October 2008, receiving anonymous communiques from activists, for distributing to the press and public, to discuss the motives, ideologies and history behind such actions.
Craig Rosebraugh served as an unofficial spokesperson for the ELF Press Office in North America from 1997 to early September 2001. Doubts have been raised about whether Rosebraugh or other unofficial spokespeople actually have ties to the cells involved, although the press office claim they do not know the identities of ELF members.
Support networks.
Prisoner support networks support ELF prisoners, such as "Spirit of Freedom (ELPSN)", an English website listing all Earth Liberation prisoners, as well as a variety of other "prisoners of conscience". There are also ELF support networks in Belgium, Italy, North America, and Poland, which collectively coordinate the support of prisoners, as well as websites for specific prisoners, such as for; Rod Coronado, Jeff "Free" Luers, Daniel McGowan, Briana Waters and Tre Arrow. The networks distribute literature written by those in prison, to their supporters and other support groups, and sometimes raise funds for those who require financial aid in their cases.
Philosophy.
Earth liberationists, are a diverse group of individuals with a variety of different ideologies and theories. These include; animal liberationists, anti-capitalists, green anarchists, deep ecologists, eco-feminists, and anti-globalisationists.
Elves argue that direct action is required in order to aid the earth liberation movement, also referred to as "eco-resistance movement", and a part of the radical environmental movement. The ELF claim that it would be similar to how the ALF has projected forward the animal liberation movement. There was also the intention that in the same way animal liberationists "help out" with legal campaigns, earth liberationists would aid above-ground environmental organisations, notably Earth First!, by acts of ecotage.
Origin.
United Kingdom.
The Earth Liberation Front was founded in 1992 in Brighton, England by members of the Earth First! (EF!) environmental movement at the first ever national meeting. At the time, EF! had become very popular, so people's concerns were based on maintaining this popularity and by doing so not associating with overt law breaking. There was no universal agreement over this, but it was accepted amongst the movement that British EF! would instead continue to advocate and focus on civil disobedience and mass demonstrations. If people wanted to participate in acts of ecotage, the new name "Earth Liberation Front" would be used, with its name and guidelines derived from the Animal Liberation Front (ALF), another movement that uses direct action to liberate animals or sabotage companies using them. It was understood that the simplicity of the guidelines was a crucial factor in order to engage as many people as possible to the new cause, with the intention that the ELF would quickly become as popular as the ALF.
Earth Night.
The very first ELF action is unknown, or undocumented, but one of the first and most notable actions was on April Fool's Earth Night 1992, a night organised by activists to carry out ecotage and also one of the first of them. The Elves, as they were also known, targeted Fisons, a peat company accused of destroying the peat bogs causing £50,000-70,000 worth of damage. Pumps, trucks and other machinery belonging to the company were destroyed after legal campaigners, Friends of the Earth, spent two years advocating a boycott of the company. "Green Anarchist" magazine publicised the communique with the demands from the ELF:
EF! Journal.
In the September–October 1993 issue of the "Earth First! Journal", an anonymous article announced the creation of the ELF in England. It said the ELF is a movement of independently operating eco-saboteurs that split from the British EF! movement, which has focused directly on public direct actions. The author noted that, unlike the ALF which seeks publicity: ""ELF cells, for security reasons, work without informing the press and do not claim responsibility for actions.""
Development of the ELF abroad.
Europe.
The ELF quickly spread across to Europe by 1994, with actions first occurring in Holland, Germany, Russia, Scandinavia, New Zealand, Italy, Ireland, Poland, Spain, France and Finland, and the name starting to be used across the globe. The Earth Liberation Front is widely regarded as the Animal Liberation Front's younger sister, because of the relationship and cooperation between the two movements. It is believed that cells rapidly established themselves in new countries because of the global outreach of Earth First! and the connection between the two groups. British Elves were also making contact with like-minded activists, informing them about the ELF and its tactics, with missionaries targeting specifically France, Spain, Germany and Holland.
Within two years, McDonald's had been vandalised in Germany and Poland, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol had been sabotaged, and high-emission vehicles had been destroyed. Hunting towers were torn down in Holland and Germany, which was presumably inspired by similar actions against hunting by the ALF.
North America.
Canadian ELA.
The first time it was known that an "earth liberation" action had happened in North America, was in 1995, in Canada, by a group calling itself the Earth Liberation Army (ELA). They were considered by the European Elves at the time to be "transatlantic cousins". On 19 June 1995, the ELA burned down a wildlife museum and damaged a hunting lodge in British Columbia.
United States.
On Columbus Day 1996, activists spraypainted "504 years of genocide" and "ELF" on the walls of a public relations office, as well as a McDonald's restaurant in Oregon, the actions were the very first by the ELF in the United States. The same restaurant then had its locks glued and spraypainted again, but this time in support of the British McLibel Two, two activists who had distributed anti-McDonald's leaflets. The next day, it was reported that another two McDonald's restaurants, again in Oregon, had their locks glued by ELF activists. The only other reported action of the year was on Christmas Day, when a fur farm was raided in Michigan and 150 mink released into the wild by the Great Lakes ELF.
Mexico.
In late November 2008, a group calling itself Eco-Anarquista Por El Ataque Directo (Eco-anarchist cell supporting direct attack) claimed responsibility for a number of recent actions, including half a dozen Molotov cocktails thrown at tren férreo (metro rail) in Mexico City, incendiary sabotage against Telmex, and a Molotov cocktail thrown at a Banamex ATM. The group claimed that these attacks were “ a form of 'protest' against the construction of a new rail line (line 12), in Mexico City (D.F.) and Mexico State. The construction had caused deforestation and the eviction of many families.
Soon after this initial group of actions, the Frente de Liberación de la Tierra (Earth Liberation Front) claimed responsibility for a number of actions including the sabotage of a construction machine on December 30, 2008, arson at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) and the March 22nd, 2009 burning of construction equipment in Guadalajara, Jalisco.
South America.
Argentina.
Over the first months of 2012, several car arson cases in Buenos Aires were claimed by the "Frente de Liberacion de la Tierra", stating that "...our proposal is to destroy property from the bourgoise class from Palermo to Villa Devoto who are sure that everything will stay the same, but some individuals are tired of this and pretend to continue with this initiative to expand the daily riots..."
Notable actions: 1998-2009.
1996/1999.
The ELF gained state attention in the state of Oregon in 1996 when they burned down the Oregon Ranger Station.
The ELF gained national attention for a series of actions which earned them the label of eco-terrorists, and one of the top domestic terror threats in the United States. This came after the burning of a ski resort in Vail, Colorado, on October 19, costing $12 million. In a communique to the press, the ELF said:
Actions also included sabotaging power lines, the burning of an SUV dealership, and the burning down of a logging headquarters causing $1 million in damages. The Elves wrote to the local paper ""Let this be a lesson to all greedy multinational corporations who don't respect their ecosystems,"" with most actions taking place in Oregon. The defendants in the case were later charged in the FBI's "Operation Backfire", which included 17 acts of property destruction.
The ELF then set fire to Michigan State University on New Years Eve, using a gasoline bomb to cause $1.1 million in damages, because of a program to provide GMO plants to African farmers. ELF spokesmen claimed Monsanto had been a major contributor to funding the program, however the only funding from Monsanto Corp. was a one-time sum of $2,000 to send five African students to a conference on biotechnology. The next day, commercial logging equipment was set on fire, with ""ELF"" and ""Go Log in Hell"" spraypainted on a truck. In March 2008, four activists were charged for both the arsons.
2000.
On November 27, in Colorado, the ELF burned the Legend Ridge mansion and sent a message to the "Boulder Weekly" saying "Viva la revolution!" Damages were estimated at $2.5 million.
2001.
In March, a total of thirty SUVs were torched, belonging to Joe Romania's dealership, in Oregon, with damages estimated at $1 million. The action was claimed in support of Jeff "Free" Luers, who targeted the very same dealership and was in court for the charges at the time. He was then sentenced to twenty-two years in jail, later revised to ten.
On May 21, a fire destroyed laboratories, offices, and archives at the Center for Urban Horticulture, University of Washington, causing a total of $7 million in damages. The arson destroyed 20 years of research and plant and book collections. The ELF claimed responsibility based upon the incorrect belief that the University was involved in genetic engineering of poplar trees. No genetic engineering was being conducted. In the wake of the attack, an FBI spokeswoman in Portland, Oregon said ""I don't think there's any doubt the ELF is "".
On November 21, ELF member Ian Wallace planted incendiary devices outside of two buildings on the campus of Michigan Technological University in Houghton, Michigan during the early morning hours. The devices failed, and on March 21, 2009, Wallace was sentenced to three years in prison for the incident by Judge Robert Holmes Bell, who said Wallace "didn't intend to hurt anybody, (but) this is a serious offense."
Said Wallace after his conviction, "I have been consumed by shame for what I have done," Wallace said. "My greatest blessing is that no one got hurt."
2003.
On August 1, a 206-unit condominium in San Diego was destroyed, with a banner left at the scene saying ""If you build it, we will burn it"", signed ""The E.L.F.s are mad"". The damages totaled $20 million after flames reached an estimated in the air, as over a hundred fire fighters attempted to put out the fire. The destruction was the movement's most financially damaging action against a target, with a local preservation group calling the action pointless, noting that ""You can go and burn something down, but it's just going to get built again."" Exactly three weeks later, 125 SUVs and hummers were torched, costing a total of $3.5 million, with "I love pollution" spray-painted at the scene, and a month later, homes being built in San Diego were targeted again, this time costing an estimated $450,000 in damages.
2006.
The FBI's most recent report stated that there had been over 1,200 "criminal incidents", within January 2006. A nearly completed house, worth $3 million, was burnt to the ground in Washington. It was reported that a bed-sheet was draped across the front gate, with a message reading "Built Green? Nope black. McMansions and RCDs r not green," a reference to rural cluster developments.
2008.
One of the latest ELF arsons was reported on the morning of March 3, when explosive devices set fire to four multi-million dollar homes from the 2007 Seattle Street of Dreams in Echo Lake, Washington, costing $7 million in damage. Authorities described the act as "domestic terrorism" after finding "ELF" spray-painted in red letters, mocking claims that the homes were environmentally friendly: ""Built Green? Nope black! McMansions in RCDs r not green. ELF."" A criminology professor replied saying: ""The real unfortunate thing is many citizens will empathize with ELF because their goal is the environment.""
2009.
On March 23, the ELF claim the burning of an excavator in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. In one of many recent anonymous communiques, the ELF reported to Bite Back; "Maybe we have not collapsed the system of domination with these actions, but it begins with actions like these."
On September 4, ELF claimed responsibility for using a stolen excavator to overturn two AM radio towers belonging to station KRKO near Seattle, Washington; they claimed that radio waves are dangerous.
A Texas man was arrested after construction workers found a disabled construction vehicle graffitied with the words "ANOTHER TRACTOR DECOMMISSIONED BY THE E.L.F."
Other movements.
ELA and Environmental Rangers.
The first major report of a name other than ELF being used to claim ecotage was in October 1998, when the Earth Liberation Army (ELA) claimed to be responsible for causing $12 million in damages to Vail Ski Resort by setting fire to several buildings and four chairlifts.
Two years later, in Oregon, three SUVs were completely destroyed by placing jugs of gasoline under the vehicles, with the ELA calling for others to ""the fight to remove the profit motive from the killing of the environment (biophysical)."" Jeff Luers was later convicted of arson, as part of the Operation Backfire case, along with other ALF and ELF defendants. There have also been other groups that have caused similar damage as the ELF, with in 2001 reports that ""eco-terrorist"" attacks, known as ""ecotage"", had increased. These included the ELF, the ELA, and another name being used - the ""Environmental Rangers"" who use similar tactics.
Activists have also used the names ""The Moles"", ""The Grey Wolves"", ""Westcountry Wildlife Cell"", ""Eco-Animal Defense Unit"", and ""Radical Brigades for Ecological Defence"", as well as others.
Environmental Life Force.
The "Environmental Life Force", also known as the "Original ELF", was the first radical group to use explosive and incendiary devices to promote pro-environment causes. It was founded by John Hanna, who was the only member of the group to be arrested and convicted for the use of explosives on federal property.
Although it was an eco-guerilla entity with similar philosophies to the current ELF (Earth Liberation Front), which formed fifteen years later, there was no formal link between the two groups, and founders of the Earth Liberation Front may not have even been aware of the existence of the Environmental Life Force. Despite this, it has acknowledged in written communications that Dave Foreman, who founded Earth First! three years after the original ELF, was in communication with Hanna in the mid-1980s, before the Earth Liberation Front was founded, which was after Foreman cut ties with the Earth First! movement.
Police response, and convictions.
First ELF arrest.
In 1994, Dutch authorities and police made claims that British ELF activists were travelling abroad to cause sabotage, which were disputed by ELF. Later that year the first Earth Liberation Prisoner (ELP) was caught and later charged. Known as Paul S., he was arrested and accused of carrying out an 18-month campaign of vandalism in Holland against road construction sites. The Dutch government attempted to declare him insane, because of his inability to provide a political reason for his actions, other than his care for the environment. This was unsuccessful and the prisoner was sentenced to three years for damaging property
British police raids.
Due to the increased popularity of the environmental movement, as well as the animal liberation movement and estimates that five ALF actions occurred per day, police carried out a series of raids against animal rights and environmental activists. In total, there were 55 homes raided against suspected ALF and ELF activists, including an individual in Italy. The police had not managed to charge anyone with any illegal activities, until on January 16, 1996, when six men were charged for a five-year ALF/ELF campaign. They were sentenced a year later each to three years for conspiracy to incite violence in the name of animal and earth liberation.
Operation Backfire.
The term "Green Scare", alluding to the "Red Scares", periods of fear over communist infiltration of U.S. society, is a term popularized by environmental activists to refer to legal action by the U.S. government against the radical environmentalist movement.
It is first known to have appeared in 2002 in the wake of the February 12 congressional hearings titled "The Threat of Eco-Terrorism" which discussed groups including the Earth Liberation Front (ELF) and the Animal Liberation Front (ALF). In late 2005 and early 2006, as part of "Operation Backfire", US grand juries indicted a total of 18 activists on a range of charges related to "violent acts in the name of animal rights and environmental causes". According to the FBI, many of these acts were carried out on behalf of the ELF and was considered as one of the largest arrests of environmental activists in American history.
The operation resulted in the arrest of Chelsea Dawn Gerlach, William C. Rodgers, and Daniel McGowan.
In 2008, the FBI increased the reward for handing over four suspects to $50,000. The four, two Americans and two Canadians, are believed to have fled the U.S. through Mexico and are possibly hiding in Syria, Russia, China or India. The announcement of an increased manhunt came on the tenth anniversary of the bombing in Vail.
A 2011 NPR report claimed some of the people associated with this group were imprisoned in a highly restrictive Communication Management Unit.
Cooperation with the ALF.
Philosophy.
Noel Molland, a former ELF activist, writes in Steven Best's "Igniting a Revolution" that:
History.
During the mid-1990s, the "Western Wildlife Unit", an ELF branch in Britain, were responsible for various acts of animal rights themed violence. The vandalism included spiking trees as well as targeting anglers. However, it wasn't until sometime later, in the United States, that a joint claim of responsibility was made.
Molland also writes that the first established ALF and ELF action was established on March 14, 1997, when the ""Animal Liberation Front - Eco-Animal Defense Unit"" claimed the spiking of 47 trees in a clearcut area, Oregon. This was only a few months after the fur farm had been raided by the Great Lakes ELF, which also highlighted the overlap in direct action for animal rights and environmentalism. The groups intention was to state that the farm they had raided was a joint effort between members of the Animal and Earth Liberation Front.
Five days later, the ""Bay Area Cell of the Earth and Animal Liberation Front"" claimed the fire bombing of the University of California, an animal research laboratory that was still under construction at the time. Also later that year, on November 29, there was another joint ALF & ELF claim, this time releasing 500 wild horses and torching the Bureau of Land Management in Burns, in protest of BLM's intention to round up the wild horses and process them for the sale of horsemeat.
However, this claim contradicts the Southern Poverty Law Center, which states that the first incident of cooperation between the two movements was 6 months prior to these events on October 27, 1996, when the ALF & ELF were both responsible for firebombing a Forest Service truck in Detroit, Oregon. Then three days later both groups claimed the arson at the U.S. Forest Service Oakridge Ranger Station, at the cost of $5.3 million.
It was then reported that a week before the Bay Area cells fur farm raid, on March 11, 1997, four trucks were torched, at the Agricultural Fur Breeders Co-Op. The damage totaled $1 million and the action was again claimed by the ALF & ELF.
As the ELF was becoming well established through its own actions, on 21 June 1998, the United States Forest Service wildlife research centre near Olympia, Washington was set on fire with "Eco-Defense" and "Earth Liberation" spray painted on construction machinery, which had received extensive damage in New Jersey on the 2nd Feb. Both the actions were claimed jointly by the ALF & ELF, and were estimated to have caused one of the worst damages yet, estimated at $1.9 million. The same claim was made when 310 animals were taken from a fur farm involved in experimental research based in Madison, Wisconsin, which were stolen on the 3rd of July.
Actions.
Actions claimed by both the ALF and ELF jointly have appeared across the globe, nearly as much as the ELF has, causing more activists from the ALF and other movements to become involved; believing in ""No Compromise in Defence of Mother Earth"", a popular Earth First! slogan used and populated in the 1980s.
Despite this, in comparison to the ALF, there have been few communiques in recent years that have been released to the media or ELF Press Offices. This is largely due to the style of the ELF, who are much less likely to report their actions, or even leave a message to notify their targets regarding why they have been attacked.
Although ALF and ELF combined actions have continued, one of the latest string of jointly claimed arsons was publicised was in November 2002, when activists sent a communique to "Bite Back" and also the ELF Press Office, claiming responsibility for the arson at Mindek Brothers Fur Farm. In a press release, the groups stated the reason for their action:
Criticism.
The FBI designated the ELF as "eco-terrorists." Representative Scott McInnis, then chairman of the US House Subcommittee on Forests and Forest Health, subpoenaed Craig Rosebraugh in an effort to investigate the ELF's activities. On hearing Rosebraugh's testimony, McInnis suggested it was "luck" no one has been killed by an ELF (or ALF) attack.
Despite the leaderless nature of the movement, the FBI says that activist Rod Coronado is "a national leader" of the ELF in the USA, while Coronado describes himself as an "unofficial ELF spokesman".

</doc>
<doc id="20646385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646385" title="Zhangjiang">
Zhangjiang

Zhangjiang may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20646400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646400" title="Strange matter">
Strange matter

Strange matter is a particular form of quark matter, usually thought of as a "liquid" of up, down, and strange quarks. It is to be contrasted with nuclear matter, which is a liquid of neutrons and protons (which themselves are built out of up and down quarks), and with non-strange quark matter, which is a quark liquid containing only up and down quarks. At high enough density, strange matter is expected to be color superconducting. Strange matter is hypothesized to occur in the core of neutron stars, or, more speculatively, as isolated droplets that may vary in size from femtometers (strangelets) to kilometers (quark stars).
Two meanings of the term "strange matter".
In particle physics and astrophysics, the term is used in two ways, one broader and the other more specific 
Strange matter that is only stable at high pressure.
Under the broader definition, strange matter might occur inside neutron stars, if the pressure at their core is high enough (i.e. above the critical pressure). At the sort of densities we expect in the center of a neutron star, the quark matter would probably be strange matter. It could conceivably be non-strange quark matter, if the effective mass of the strange quark were too high. Charm and heavier quarks would only occur at much higher densities.
A neutron star with a quark matter core is often called a hybrid star. However, it is hard to know whether hybrid stars really exist in nature because physicists currently have little idea of the likely value of the critical pressure or density. It seems plausible that the transition to quark matter will already have occurred when the separation between the nucleons becomes much smaller than their size, so the critical density must be less than about 100 times nuclear saturation density. But a more precise estimate is not yet available, because the strong interaction that governs the behavior of quarks is mathematically intractable, and numerical calculations using lattice QCD are currently blocked by the fermion sign problem.
One major area of activity in neutron star physics is the attempt to find observable signatures by which we could tell, from earth based observations of neutron stars, whether they have quark matter (probably strange matter) in their core. 
Strange matter that is stable at zero pressure.
If the "strange matter hypothesis" is true then nuclear matter is metastable against decaying into strange matter. The lifetime for spontaneous decay is very long, so we do not see this decay process happening around us. However, under this hypothesis there should be strange matter in the universe:

</doc>
<doc id="20646405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646405" title="Francesco Mazzariol">
Francesco Mazzariol

Francesco "Coco" Mazzariol (born Treviso, 1 March 1975) is an Italian former rugby union footballer and a current coach. He played firstly as a scrum-half, and later in his career (with more success) at fly half.
Mazzariol first played at Benetton Rugby Treviso, where he become a professional for the season of 1995/96. He would play for his home team until 2002/03, then moving to Gran Parma Rugby, where he played until 2009/10, when he finished his career. The Italian fly half then signed for Rugby Parma F.C. at 2005/06, where he still plays. Mazzariol played in the 2006 Heineken Cup play-off game against the Dragons kicking 11 vital points in a 24-16 victory.
He won for Benetton Rugby Treviso 5 titles of the Italian Champiopnship, in 1996/97, 1997/98, 1998/99, 2000/01 and 2002/03, and the Cup of Italy, in 1998. He won for Rugby Parma F.C. the Cup of Italy, in 2007 and 2008.
Mazzariol holds 33 caps for Italy, from 1995 to 2004, having scored 2 tries, 13 conversions and 15 penalties, 81 points in aggregate. He did not have more caps mostly due to the strong opposition from Alessandro Troncon. 
He was a member of the Italian Squad at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, but his first match was only at 14 October 1995, in a 34-22 loss to France. He played at both the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals and the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals. His only presence at Six Nations was in 2002. Mazzariol greatest international success was the win at European Nations Cup in 1997.
He is the coach of Gran Parma Rugby since 2010/11.

</doc>
<doc id="20646406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646406" title="Khamlek Keosomphanh">
Khamlek Keosomphanh

Khamlek Keosomphanh is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Houaphanh Province (Constituency 8).

</doc>
<doc id="20646411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646411" title="Bouasone Thammaly">
Bouasone Thammaly

Khamlek Keosomphanh is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Houaphanh Province (Constituency 8).

</doc>
<doc id="20646417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646417" title="Mysone Thongsaysy">
Mysone Thongsaysy

Mysone Thongsaysy is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Houaphanh Province (Constituency 8).

</doc>
<doc id="20646428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646428" title="Chanhsy Vannavongxay">
Chanhsy Vannavongxay

Chanhsy Vannavongxay is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Houaphanh Province (Constituency 8).

</doc>
<doc id="20646437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646437" title="Tongyeutho">
Tongyeutho


</doc>
<doc id="20646438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646438" title="Real number">
Real number

In mathematics, a real number is a value that represents a quantity along a continuous line. The real numbers include all the rational numbers, such as the integer −5 and the fraction 4/3, and all the irrational numbers such as (1.41421356… the square root of two, an irrational algebraic number) and pi (3.14159265…, a transcendental number). Real numbers can be thought of as points on an infinitely long line called the number line or real line, where the points corresponding to integers are equally spaced. Any real number can be determined by a possibly infinite decimal representation such as that of 8.632, where each consecutive digit is measured in units one tenth the size of the previous one. The real line can be thought of as a part of the complex plane, and correspondingly, complex numbers include real numbers as a special case.
These descriptions of the real numbers are not sufficiently rigorous by the modern standards of pure mathematics. The discovery of a suitably rigorous definition of the real numbers – indeed, the realization that a better definition was needed – was one of the most important developments of 19th century mathematics. The currently standard axiomatic definition is that real numbers form the unique Archimedean complete totally ordered field up to an isomorphism, whereas popular constructive definitions of real numbers include declaring them as equivalence classes of Cauchy sequences of rational numbers, Dedekind cuts, or certain infinite "decimal representations", together with precise interpretations for the arithmetic operations and the order relation. These definitions are equivalent in the realm of classical mathematics.
The reals are uncountable; that is, while both the set of all natural numbers and the set of all real numbers are infinite sets, there can be no one-to-one function from the real numbers to the natural numbers: the cardinality of the set of all real numbers (denoted formula_1 and called cardinality of the continuum) is strictly greater than the cardinality of the set of all natural numbers (denoted formula_2). The statement that there is no subset of the reals with cardinality strictly greater than formula_2 and strictly smaller than formula_1 is known as the continuum hypothesis. It is known to be neither provable nor refutable using the axioms of Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory, the standard foundation of modern mathematics, provided ZF set theory is consistent.
Basic properties.
A real number may be either rational or irrational; either algebraic or transcendental; and either positive, negative, or zero. Real numbers are used to measure continuous quantities. They may be expressed by decimal representations that have an infinite sequence of digits to the right of the decimal point; these are often represented in the same form as 324.823122147… The ellipsis (three dots) indicates that there would still be more digits to come.
More formally, real numbers have the two basic properties of being an ordered field, and having the least upper bound property. The first says that real numbers comprise a field, with addition and multiplication as well as division by nonzero numbers, which can be totally ordered on a number line in a way compatible with addition and multiplication. The second says that if a nonempty set of real numbers has an upper bound, then it has a real least upper bound. The second condition distinguishes the real numbers from the rational numbers: for example, the set of rational numbers whose square is less than 2 is a set with an upper bound (e.g. 1.5) but no (rational) least upper bound: hence the rational numbers do not satisfy the least upper bound property.
In physics.
In the physical sciences, most physical constants such as the universal gravitational constant, and physical variables, such as position, mass, speed, and electric charge, are modeled using real numbers. In fact, the fundamental physical theories such as classical mechanics, electromagnetism, quantum mechanics, general relativity and the standard model are described using mathematical structures, typically smooth manifolds or Hilbert spaces, that are based on the real numbers although actual measurements of physical quantities are of finite accuracy and precision.
In some recent developments of theoretical physics stemming from the holographic principle, the Universe is seen fundamentally as an information store, essentially zeroes and ones, organized in much less geometrical fashion and manifesting itself as space-time and particle fields only on a more superficial level. This approach removes the real number system from its foundational role in physics and even prohibits the existence of infinite precision real numbers in the physical universe by considerations based on the Bekenstein bound.
In computation.
Computer arithmetic cannot directly operate on real numbers, but only on a finite subset of rational numbers, limited by the number of bits used to store them, whether as floating-point numbers or arbitrary precision numbers. However, computer algebra systems can operate on irrational quantities exactly by manipulating formulas for them (such as formula_5, formula_6, orformula_7) rather than their rational or decimal approximation; however, it is not in general possible to determine whether two such expressions are equal (the constant problem).
A real number is called "computable" if there exists an algorithm that yields its digits. Because there are only countably many algorithms, but an uncountable number of reals, almost all real numbers fail to be computable. Moreover, the equality of two computable numbers is an undecidable problem. Some constructivists accept the existence of only those reals that are computable. The set of definable numbers is broader, but still only countable.
Notation.
Mathematicians use the symbol R (or alternatively, formula_8, the letter "R" in blackboard bold, Unicode ℝ – U+211D, named DOUBLE-STRUCK CAPITAL R) to represent the set of all real numbers. (As this set is naturally endowed with the structure of a field, the expression "field of real numbers" is frequently used when its algebraic properties are under consideration.)
The sets of positive real numbers and negative real numbers are often denoted by R+ and R-, respectively, or by R>0 and R<0 respectively, while the notation R≥0 may be used for the set of non-negative real numbers.
The notation R"n" refers to the Cartesian product of "n" copies of R, which is an "n"-dimensional vector space over the field of the real numbers; this vector space may be identified to the "n"-dimensional space of Euclidean geometry as soon as a coordinate system has been chosen in the latter. For example, a value from R3 consists of three real numbers and specifies the coordinates of a point in 3-dimensional space.
In mathematics, "real" is used as an adjective, meaning that the underlying field is the field of the real numbers (or "the real field"). For example "real matrix", "real polynomial" and "real Lie algebra". As a substantive, the term is used almost strictly in reference to the real numbers themselves (e.g., The "set of all reals").
History.
Simple fractions have been used by the Egyptians around 1000 BC; the Vedic "Sulba Sutras" ("The rules of chords") in, , include what may be the first "use" of irrational numbers. The concept of irrationality was implicitly accepted by early Indian mathematicians since Manava , who were aware that the square roots of certain numbers such as 2 and 61 could not be exactly determined. Around 500 BC, the Greek mathematicians led by Pythagoras realized the need for irrational numbers, in particular the irrationality of the square root of 2.
The Middle Ages brought the acceptance of zero, negative, integral, and fractional numbers, first by Indian and Chinese mathematicians, and then by Arabic mathematicians, who were also the first to treat irrational numbers as algebraic objects, which was made possible by the development of algebra. Arabic mathematicians merged the concepts of "number" and "magnitude" into a more general idea of real numbers. The Egyptian mathematician Abū Kāmil Shujā ibn Aslam was the first to accept irrational numbers as solutions to quadratic equations or as coefficients in an equation, often in the form of square roots, cube roots and fourth roots.
In the 16th century, Simon Stevin created the basis for modern decimal notation, and insisted that there is no difference between rational and irrational numbers in this regard.
In the 17th century, Descartes introduced the term "real" to describe roots of a polynomial, distinguishing them from "imaginary" ones.
In the 18th and 19th centuries there was much work on irrational and transcendental numbers. Johann Heinrich Lambert (1761) gave the first flawed proof that cannot be rational; Adrien-Marie Legendre (1794) completed the proof, and showed that is not the square root of a rational number. Paolo Ruffini (1799) and Niels Henrik Abel (1842) both constructed proofs of the Abel–Ruffini theorem: that the general quintic or higher equations cannot be solved by a general formula involving only arithmetical operations and roots.
Évariste Galois (1832) developed techniques for determining whether a given equation could be solved by radicals, which gave rise to the field of Galois theory. Joseph Liouville (1840) showed that neither "e" nor "e"2 can be a root of an integer quadratic equation, and then established the existence of transcendental numbers, the proof being subsequently displaced by Georg Cantor (1873). Charles Hermite (1873) first proved that "e" is transcendental, and Ferdinand von Lindemann (1882), showed that is transcendental. Lindemann's proof was much simplified by Weierstrass (1885), still further by David Hilbert (1893), and has finally been made elementary by Adolf Hurwitz and Paul Gordan.
The development of calculus in the 18th century used the entire set of real numbers without having defined them cleanly. The first rigorous definition was given by Georg Cantor in 1871. In 1874 he showed that the set of all real numbers is uncountably infinite but the set of all algebraic numbers is countably infinite. Contrary to widely held beliefs, his first method was not his famous diagonal argument, which he published in 1891. See Cantor's first uncountability proof.
Definition.
The real number system formula_9 can be defined axiomatically up to an isomorphism, which is described below. There are also many ways to construct "the" real number system, for example, starting from natural numbers, then defining rational numbers algebraically, and finally defining real numbers as equivalence classes of their Cauchy sequences or as Dedekind cuts, which are certain subsets of rational numbers. Another possibility is to start from some rigorous axiomatization of Euclidean geometry (Hilbert, Tarski etc.) and then define the real number system geometrically. From the structuralist point of view all these constructions are on equal footing.
Axiomatic approach.
Let ℝ denote the set of all real numbers. Then:
The last property is what differentiates the reals from the rationals. For example, the set of rationals with square less than 2 has a rational upper bound (e.g., 1.5) but no rational least upper bound, because the square root of 2 is not rational.
The real numbers are uniquely specified by the above properties. More precisely, given any two Dedekind-complete ordered fields ℝ1 and ℝ2, there exists a unique field isomorphism from ℝ1 to ℝ2, allowing us to think of them as essentially the same mathematical object.
For another axiomatization of ℝ, see Tarski's axiomatization of the reals.
Construction from the rational numbers.
The real numbers can be constructed as a completion of the rational numbers in such a way that a sequence defined by a decimal or binary expansion like (3, 3.1, 3.14, 3.141, 3.1415, …) converges to a unique real number, in this case . For details and other constructions of real numbers, see construction of the real numbers.
Properties.
Completeness.
A main reason for using real numbers is that the reals contain all limits. More precisely, every sequence of real numbers having the property that consecutive terms of the sequence become arbitrarily close to each other necessarily has the property that after some term in the sequence the remaining terms are arbitrarily close to some specific real number. In mathematical terminology, this means that the reals are complete (in the sense of metric spaces or uniform spaces, which is a different sense than the Dedekind completeness of the order in the previous section). This is formally defined in the following way:
A sequence ("x""n") of real numbers is called a "Cauchy sequence" if for any there exists an integer "N" (possibly depending on ε) such that the distance is less than ε for all "n" and "m" that are both greater than "N". In other words, a sequence is a Cauchy sequence if its elements "x""n" eventually come and remain arbitrarily close to each other.
A sequence ("x""n") "converges to the limit" "x" if for any there exists an integer "N" (possibly depending on ε) such that the distance is less than ε provided that "n" is greater than "N". In other words, a sequence has limit "x" if its elements eventually come and remain arbitrarily close to "x".
Notice that every convergent sequence is a Cauchy sequence. The converse is also true:
That is, the reals are complete.
Note that the rationals are not complete. For example, the sequence (1, 1.4, 1.41, 1.414, 1.4142, 1.41421, …), where each term adds a digit of the decimal expansion of the positive square root of 2, is Cauchy but it does not converge to a rational number. (In the real numbers, in contrast, it converges to the positive square root of 2.)
The existence of limits of Cauchy sequences is what makes calculus work and is of great practical use. The standard numerical test to determine if a sequence has a limit is to test if it is a Cauchy sequence, as the limit is typically not known in advance.
For example, the standard series of the exponential function
converges to a real number because for every "x" the sums
can be made arbitrarily small by choosing "N" sufficiently large. This proves that the sequence is Cauchy, so we know that the sequence converges even if the limit is not known in advance.
"The complete ordered field".
The real numbers are often described as "the complete ordered field", a phrase that can be interpreted in several ways.
First, an order can be lattice-complete. It is easy to see that no ordered field can be lattice-complete, because it can have no largest element (given any element "z", is larger), so this is not the sense that is meant.
Additionally, an order can be Dedekind-complete, as defined in the section Axioms. The uniqueness result at the end of that section justifies using the word "the" in the phrase "complete ordered field" when this is the sense of "complete" that is meant. This sense of completeness is most closely related to the construction of the reals from Dedekind cuts, since that construction starts from an ordered field (the rationals) and then forms the Dedekind-completion of it in a standard way.
These two notions of completeness ignore the field structure. However, an ordered group (in this case, the additive group of the field) defines a uniform structure, and uniform structures have a notion of completeness (topology); the description in the section Completeness above is a special case. (We refer to the notion of completeness in uniform spaces rather than the related and better known notion for metric spaces, since the definition of metric space relies on already having a characterization of the real numbers.) It is not true that R is the "only" uniformly complete ordered field, but it is the only uniformly complete "Archimedean field", and indeed one often hears the phrase "complete Archimedean field" instead of "complete ordered field". Every uniformly complete Archimedean field must also be Dedekind-complete (and vice versa, of course), justifying using "the" in the phrase "the complete Archimedean field". This sense of completeness is most closely related to the construction of the reals from Cauchy sequences (the construction carried out in full in this article), since it starts with an Archimedean field (the rationals) and forms the uniform completion of it in a standard way.
But the original use of the phrase "complete Archimedean field" was by David Hilbert, who meant still something else by it. He meant that the real numbers form the "largest" Archimedean field in the sense that every other Archimedean field is a subfield of R. Thus R is "complete" in the sense that nothing further can be added to it without making it no longer an Archimedean field. This sense of completeness is most closely related to the construction of the reals from surreal numbers, since that construction starts with a proper class that contains every ordered field (the surreals) and then selects from it the largest Archimedean subfield.
Advanced properties.
The reals are uncountable; that is, there are strictly more real numbers than natural numbers, even though both sets are infinite. In fact, the cardinality of the reals equals that of the set of subsets (i.e., the power set) of the natural numbers, and Cantor's diagonal argument states that the latter set's cardinality is strictly greater than the cardinality of N. Since only a countable set of real numbers can be algebraic, almost all real numbers are transcendental. The non-existence of a subset of the reals with cardinality strictly between that of the integers and the reals is known as the continuum hypothesis. The continuum hypothesis can neither be proved nor be disproved; it is independent from the axioms of set theory.
As a topological space, the real numbers are separable. This is because the set of rationals, which is countable, is dense in the real numbers. The irrational numbers are also dense in the real numbers, however they are uncountable and have the same cardinality as the reals.
The real numbers form a metric space: the distance between "x" and "y" is defined as the absolute value . By virtue of being a totally ordered set, they also carry an order topology; the topology arising from the metric and the one arising from the order are identical, but yield different presentations for the topology – in the order topology as intervals, in the metric topology as epsilon-balls. The Dedekind cuts construction uses the order topology presentation, while the Cauchy sequences construction uses the metric topology presentation. The reals are a contractible (hence connected and simply connected), separable and complete metric space of Hausdorff dimension 1. The real numbers are locally compact but not compact. There are various properties that uniquely specify them; for instance, all unbounded, connected, and separable order topologies are necessarily homeomorphic to the reals.
Every nonnegative real number has a square root in R, although no negative number does. This shows that the order on R is determined by its algebraic structure. Also, every polynomial of odd degree admits at least one real root: these two properties make R the premier example of a real closed field. Proving this is the first half of one proof of the fundamental theorem of algebra.
The reals carry a canonical measure, the Lebesgue measure, which is the Haar measure on their structure as a topological group normalized such that the unit interval [0,1] has measure 1. There exist sets of real numbers that are not Lebesgue measurable, e.g. Vitali sets.
The supremum axiom of the reals refers to subsets of the reals and is therefore a second-order logical statement. It is not possible to characterize the reals with first-order logic alone: the Löwenheim–Skolem theorem implies that there exists a countable dense subset of the real numbers satisfying exactly the same sentences in first-order logic as the real numbers themselves. The set of hyperreal numbers satisfies the same first order sentences as R. Ordered fields that satisfy the same first-order sentences as R are called nonstandard models of R. This is what makes nonstandard analysis work; by proving a first-order statement in some nonstandard model (which may be easier than proving it in R), we know that the same statement must also be true of R.
The field R of real numbers is an extension field of the field Q of rational numbers, and R can therefore be seen as a vector space over Q. Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory with the axiom of choice guarantees the existence of a basis of this vector space: there exists a set "B" of real numbers such that every real number can be written uniquely as a finite linear combination of elements of this set, using rational coefficients only, and such that no element of "B" is a rational linear combination of the others. However, this existence theorem is purely theoretical, as such a base has never been explicitly described.
The well-ordering theorem implies that the real numbers can be well-ordered if the axiom of choice is assumed: there exists a total order on R with the property that every non-empty subset of R has a least element in this ordering. (The standard ordering ≤ of the real numbers is not a well-ordering since e.g. an open interval does not contain a least element in this ordering.) Again, the existence of such a well-ordering is purely theoretical, as it cannot be explicitly described.
Generalizations and extensions.
The real numbers can be generalized and extended in several different directions:
"Reals" in set theory.
In set theory, specifically descriptive set theory, the Baire space is used as a surrogate for the real numbers since the latter have some topological properties (connectedness) that are a technical inconvenience. Elements of Baire space are referred to as "reals".
Real numbers and logic.
The real numbers are most often formalized using the Zermelo–Fraenkel axiomatization of set theory, but some mathematicians study the real numbers with other logical foundations of mathematics. In particular, the real numbers are also studied in reverse mathematics and in constructive mathematics.
The hyperreal numbers as developed by Edwin Hewitt, Abraham Robinson and others extend the set of the real numbers by introducing infinitesimal and infinite numbers, allowing for building infinitesimal calculus in a way closer to the original intuitions of Leibniz, Euler, Cauchy and others.
Edward Nelson's internal set theory enriches the Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory syntactically by introducing a unary predicate "standard". In this approach, infinitesimals are (non-"standard") elements of the set of the real numbers (rather than being elements of an extension thereof, as in Robinson's theory).
The continuum hypothesis posits that the cardinality of the set of the real numbers is formula_12; i.e. the smallest infinite cardinal number after formula_2, the cardinality of the integers. Paul Cohen proved in 1963 that it is an axiom independent of the other axioms of set theory; that is, one may choose either the continuum hypothesis or its negation as an axiom of set theory, without contradiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20646439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646439" title="Davide Perre">
Davide Perre

Davide Perre (also known as NOSM) is a graffiti artist from New York. He is a member of the Bronx based graffiti crew, TATS CRU "The Mural Kings."
Born in the Basque Country of San Sebastián, Spain, Perre grew up in Düsseldorf, Germany and began doing graffiti in 1988. He spent his late teenage years traveling the world painting walls and trains with his twin brother Raoul (who goes by the graffiti name HOW). While visiting New York City in 1997, Perre and his brother were asked to become members of TATS CRU, and permanently relocated to New York City shortly thereafter in 1999.
As a member of TATS CRU, Perre creates elaborate murals for well known commercial clients like Sony. He has also lectured at universities including MIT and his work has appeared in numerous films, music videos, documentaries, and most recently, the windows of the historic department store, Lord and Taylor.
Perre has been featured within the pages of numerous publications, including "The New York Times" and "New York Magazine", and even stirred the likes of the Rev. Al Sharpton with the controversial undertones of subjects manifested within his art.
Perre is featured in a new interview in Amateur Magazine issue 012.

</doc>
<doc id="20646441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646441" title="Phoenix Mill Farm">
Phoenix Mill Farm

Phoenix Mill Farm, historically known as Mill Run Farm, is a historic home located in Dickens, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Flemish bond brick structure showing Greek Revival style influences built about 1845. It has a gable roof and double flush chimneys. On the property is the site of Smouse Mill. The home was erected for John Jacob Smouse, who operated the mill.
The Phoenix Mill Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20646453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646453" title="Matthew Hall (boxer)">
Matthew Hall (boxer)

Matthew Hall is an English professional boxer who competed in the light middleweight division. He comes from Manchester, is a former Commonwealth champion and has also competed for the European light middleweight belt.
Early professional career.
Hall's professional debut came in September 2002 with a win over boxing journeyman Pedro Thompson, stopping him in the first round at the MEN Arena in Manchester. His very next fight against the same opponent saw Hall travel to Newcastle in order to beat Thompson again but this time on points over 4 rounds meaning that at the end of his debut year Hall has compiled an unbeaten record of 2-0. Over the course of the next four years, Hall fought fourteen more times against a host of other journeymen winning every fight meaning that his record at the end of 2006 stood at sixteen wins with no defeats. Hall's progress at this time was all the more impressive as in 2003 he had been the victim of a stabbing incident which nearly cost him his life. Speaking to the Daily Mirror about the incident Hall said ""I had my bowel perforated six times and lost five or six litres of blood...I was in a bad way and it took me about a year to recover. It's not good getting stabbed."" Speaking in 2009 Hall preferred to seek positives from the incident saying ""It did my career a favour because it held me back a year or two. I could have had meaningful fights when I was younger and not been ready. I could have been and gone.""
Defeat and fightback.
Hall's perfect record however was about to be shattered in his first fight of 2007. The fight in July was to come a full year after the last time Hall had stepped into the ring when he had beaten Kevin Phelan with a 1st round stoppage. A year later the boot was to be on the other foot when, at the O2 Arena in London, Martin Concepcion stopped Hall in the first round handing him his first defeat in 5 years as a professional boxer. Hall responded to the defeat with a number of wins over worthy opponents. On 3 December 2007 he defeated Tyan Booth at the Piccadilly Hotel in Manchester and on 22 March 2008 in his first fight of the new year beat the unbeaten Kerry Hope at the International Arena in Cardiff. On 6 September 2008 he beat the former Celtic title challenger Taz Jones and on 10 October 2008 returned to Manchester to beat former Irish champion Ciaran Healy at the MEN Arena. On 12 December 2008 in his last fight of the year, Hall capped off a series of four wins in a row following the Concepcion defeat to stop former Central Area champion Jason Rushton in Widnes.
Commonwealth Champion.
Hall's winning run was to pay dividends as on 14 March 2009 Hall defeated defending champion Bradley Pryce to lift the Commonwealth championship knocking Pryce out in the 2nd round. Disappointment following however when on 18 July 2009 Hall lost his title in his first defence at the MEN Arena in Manchester. He was defeated by Anthony Small in a fight which also saw the vacant British title on the line, the referee stopping the fight in the 8th round handing both belts to Small. Following the contest Hall split from his longtime trainer Brian Hughes and moved to try and rebuild with Bolton based trainer Karl Ince. Speaking of the change in direction Hall said that he had been "embarrassed" by his performance and added that "sometimes you need a change". In his first contest following the defeat on 15 May 2010, Hall scored a 5th round stoppage win over Tony Randell the British Masters champion in a non-title bout.
European title attempt.
On 18 September 2010 as part of Frank Warrens 'Magnificent Seven' card, Hall lost for the third time in his career. The fight, for the vacant European title, had come at short notice for Hall following an injury to Ryan Rhodes who had been due to defend the belt on the card. The injury had meant that the belt became vacant and Hall stepped in to fight the Czech Republics Lucas Konecny. In the end Konecny proved too much of a step up for Hall and following two knockdowns in the 6th round the referee stopped the fight. A disappointed Hall announced after the fight that it would be his last that he would retire.
Return from retirement and British title elimination fight.
In October 2011, Hall returned to the professional fight game. He suffered a shock defeat to Bulgarian Alex Ribchev on points shown live on new boxing channel BoxNation. Hall then fought and defeated Kris Carslaw in a British light middleweight title elimination fight.
Hall suffered another defeat at the hands of Irish fighter Gary "Spike" O Sullivan, at Upton Park, London, on 14 July.

</doc>
<doc id="20646470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646470" title="Surya">
Surya

Surya ( "Sūrya", "the Supreme Light") "Suraya" or "Phra Athit" is the chief solar deity in Hinduism. The term "Surya" also refers to the Sun, in general.
Surya is the chief of the Navagraha, Indian "Classical planets" and important elements of Hindu astrology. He is often depicted riding a chariot harnessed by seven horses or one horse with seven heads, which represent the seven colours of the rainbow or the seven chakras. He also presides over Sunday. Surya is regarded as the Supreme Deity by Saura sect, which now has a very small following. Smartas worship him as one of the five primary forms of God.
Surya as the Sun is worshipped at dawn by most Hindus and has many temples dedicated to him across India. He also enjoys worship as a part of the Navagraha. He is especially worshipped in the Hindu festivals of Ratha Saptami, Makar Sankranti, Chhath and Samba Dashami.
Depictions.
Surya is sometimes depicted with two hands holding a lotus in each hand.
Arka form.
Surya is worshiped in various forms throughout India. One of the most important epithets (forms) of 'Surya' is 'Arka'. The "Arka" form is worshiped mostly in North India and Eastern parts of India. The temples dedicated to the 'Arka' form of Surya are Konarka Temple in Orissa, Uttararka and Lolarka in Uttar Pradesh, and Balarka in Rajasthan. There was an old sun temple in (Bahraich, Uttar Pradesh) named Balarka Surya Mandir, built by King Tilokchand Arkawanshi in early 10th century AD. The temple was destroyed in the 14th century during the Turkish invasions.
The grandest Surya temple is Konark Surya Temples built by Ganga Vamsi king Narasimha Dev of Orissa.
The Sun Temple, Modhera, at Modhera in Gujarat, is a temple dedicated to the Hindu Sun-God, Surya. It was built in 1026 AD by King Bhimdev of the Solanki dynasty.
'Mitra' form of Surya.
'Surya' is also known as 'Mitra' (meaning friend) for his life nourishing properties. The Mitra form of 'Surya' had been worshiped mostly in Gujarat, where a clan of Suryawanshi kings was known as Mitrawanshi kshatriyas, also known by its distorted name Maitrakas (मैत्रक)
Religious role and relationships.
Vivasvata (Surya) had three queens; "Saranyu" (also called Saraniya, Saranya, Sanjna, or Sangya), "Ragyi", and "Prabha". Saranyu was the mother of Vaivasvata Manu or Satyavrata (the seventh, i.e. present Manu) and the twins Yama (the Lord of Death) and his sister Yami. She also bore him the twins known as the Ashvins, divine horsemen and physicians to the Devas. Saranyu, being unable to bear the extreme radiance of Surya, created a superficial entity from her shadow called "Chhaya" and instructed her to act as Surya's wife in her absence. Chhaya mothered two sons – Savarni Manu (the eighth, i.e. next Manu) and Shani (the planet Saturn), and two daughters – Tapti and Vishti. He also has a son, Revanta, or Raivata, by Ragyi.
Surya's two sons, Shani and Yama, are responsible for the judgment of human life. Shani provides the results of one's deeds through one's life through appropriate punishments and rewards while Yama grants the results of one's deeds after death.
In the Ramayana, Surya is described as father of the King Sugriva, who helped Rama and Lakshmana in defeating the demon king Ravana. He also trains Hanuman as his guru. The Suryavanshi / Suryavansha dynasty of kings, Rama being one of them, also claims descent from Surya.
In the Mahabharata, Princess Kunti receives instruction for a mantra from the sage Durvasa; by reciting which, she would be able to summon any god and bear a child by him. Incredulous of the power of this mantra, Kunti unwittingly tests it on Surya, but when Surya appears, she gets scared and requests him to go back. However, Surya has an obligation to fulfil the mantra before returning. Surya miraculously causes Kunti to bear the child immediately whilst retaining her virginity so that she, as an unmarried princess, need not face any embarrassment or be subjected to questions from society. Kunti feels compelled to abandon the child, Karna, who grows up to become one of the central characters in the great battle of Kurukshetra.
Like some other deities, such as Shiva, who are worshiped by saints, normal worshipers and demons, Surya too has a following of the same types of beings. Group of Raksasas known as Yatudhanas were the followers of Surya and wandered with him. It is also mentioned that Bhauvana the Daitya offered a prayer to Surya with the Rathantara saman and was immediately turned into an elephant. His Greek counterpart is Helios and his Egyptian counterpart is Ra.
In Zoroastrianism.
In the Vedas, Surya is frequently referred to as "the eye of Mitra, Varuna, and Agni" (RV 1.115.1, RV 6.51.1, RV 7.63.1, WYV 4.35, WYV 7.42, WYV 13.46, AV 13.2.35). Lord Surya is also considered to be the eye of the Virat Purusha (Lord Sri Krishna's Universal Form). This bears striking similarities to Zoroastrian scriptures, where the Sun is described as "the eye of Ahura Mazda".
In astrology.
In Vedic astrology Surya is considered a mild malefic on account of his hot, dry nature. Surya represents soul, will-power, fame, the eyes, general vitality, courage, kingship, father, highly placed persons and authority. He is exalted in the sign Mesha(Aries), is in mulatrikona in the sign Simha (Leo), and is in debilitation in the sign Tula (Libra). The strongest placement for Surya is directly overhead in the 10th house, and on the angles (the 1st, 5th and 9th houses). Surya is lord of three nakshatras or lunar mansions: Krittika, Uttara Phalguni and Uttara Ashadha.
Surya has the following associations: the colors – copper or red, the metals – gold or brass, the gemstone – ruby, the direction – east and the season of summer. The food grain associated with him (one of Nava Dhanyas) is wheat.
Sun Temples.
There are Surya temples all across India. The most famous is the World Heritage Site of the Sun Temple, Konark, Orissa. Besides Konark, there are two other sun temples in Orissa called Biranchi Narayan Sun Temple in Buguda, Ganjam District and Biranchinarayan Temple, Palia, Bhadrak.
There are sun temples in Modhera, Gujarat, created by King Bhimdev of the Solanki dynasty, in Arasavalli, Andhra Pradesh, Kanakaditya Temple in Kasheli (Dist. Sindhudurg) – Maharashtra, near the famous Galtaji's temple in Jaipur, Rajasthan and in clusters of Navagraha temples in Tamil Nadu and Assam. The Sun Temple at Martand in Jammu and Kashmir and Sun Temple of Multan are temples which were destroyed. The only and the famous Surya temple in northern India is Kattarmal surya mandir in Almora District, Uttarakhand created by King Kattarmal in the 12th century.
The Gurjars were essentially sun worshipers and some of the sun temples were erected by them during the medieval period. The sun temple known as "Jayaditya" was constructed by Gurjar king of Nandipuri, Jayabhatta II. This temple is situated at Kotipura near Kapika in the Bharukachha district. The Surya temple of Bhinmal known as "Jagaswami Surya temple" was also erected during this period.
Festivals.
There are Various Festivals dedicated to Sun God Surya in India.
Makara Sankaranti is the most widely celebrated Hindu festival dedicated to the Sun God. It is celebrated as Makara Sankranti throughout India and as Pongal by Tamils all over the world. People thank the Sun God for ensuring a good harvest and dedicate the first grain to him.
Chhath is another Hindu Festival dedicated to Surya. It is believed to started by Karna, the son of Surya, who became a great warrior and fought against the Pandavas in the Kurukshetra War. Chhath is unique to Bihar, Jharkhand and the some Parts of Uttar Pradesh, Nepal & Mauritius.
Samba Dashami is another festival celebrated in the eastern coastal state of Orissa, India in the honour of Samba, the son of Krishna who got cured from leprosy by praying to Surya.
Ratha Saptami is a Hindu festival that falls on the Seventh day (Saptami) of the bright half of the Hindu month Maagha. This day is also known as Surya Jayanti because it celebrates the power of the Sun God who is believed to be an incarnation of Lord Vishnu.
Lord Vishnu in his form as Surya is usually worshiped on this day. Usually, Rathasapthami begins in households with a purification bath by holding a few calotropis leaves on one's head and shoulders while bathing and chanting a verse which is supposed to invoke the benevolence of the Lord in all that one takes up the rest of the year. It also involves doing a puja with the ritual 'Naivedyam', flowers and fruits. On this day at Tirumala (Andhra Pradesh), Lord Venkateshwara (Balaji) is mounted on Seven Vahanas (Celestial Vehicles) one after the other starting from Suryaprabha Vahana and ending with Chandraprabha Vahana. Other Vahanas are Hanumad vahana, Garuda Vahana, Peddashesha Vahana, Kalpavruksha vahana and Sarvabhupala vahana. Also chakrasnanam is performed on the same day. A devotee enjoys watching the Lord mounted on different vahanas in one day which is popularly known as Okka roju Brahmotsavam (Single day celebrations).
In Mahabharata.
Surya is not mentioned as one of the Adityas in the first book of the epic Mahabarata, but may be regarded as the compound of the twelve solar deities mentioned there, to be understood in connection to the Jyotisha vedic astrology: Dhatri, Mitra, Aryaman, Sakra, Varuna, Amsa, Vaga, Vivaswat, Usha, Savitri, Tvashtri, Vishnu.
In Mahabharata, Surya is referred to as father of Karna, as he begot the latter on Kunti when she was virgin. With his grace and in order that Kunti is not spoken of badly in the world, Kunti could retain virginhood even after delivering a child.
Saurashtra Surymandir.
The Kathi Darbar, Shri Amra Patgir developed the temple of Shri Surynarayan in Thangadh village of Surendranagar district in Gujarat. The Kathis were come in Saurashtra in the 12th and 13th centuries.
Surya namaskara, or the "Sun salutation".
A well-known Hindu mode of worship of the devotional movements of Surya is done at the rising of the Sun, known as Sūrya namaskāra (sun salutation). Ten yogic postures are assumed in successive flowing movements to complete one namaskar. Twelve sacred Hindu mantras uttered and for each mantra one complete namaskar is done. Ancient practice is to do 108 namaskaras a day. It is considered most auspicious by Hindus to do this.
The 12 mantras for surya namaskara:
The mantra frequently recited to praise the Surya comes from the "Rig Veda", Book 1 Hymn 35:
The Gayatri Mantra is also associated with Surya. Another hymn associated with Surya is the Aditya Hridayam, recited by the great sage Agastya to Rama on the warfield before the fight with Ravana.

</doc>
<doc id="20646482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646482" title="Central Moldavian Plateau">
Central Moldavian Plateau

The Central Moldavian Plateau (), or "Codru Massif" () is a geographic area in Moldova. It is the central and SE part of the Moldavian Plateau. It has elevations that in the N-S direction decrease in altitude from 400 m to under 200 m. 
The Central Moldavian Plateau is composed of:
The natural vegetation of the Central Moldavian Plateau is characterized by forests, known as "Codru" (singular) or "Codri" (plural). It is also an area proper for vineyards.

</doc>
<doc id="20646497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646497" title="Fan death">
Fan death

Fan death is death supposedly caused by sleeping in a closed room containing a running electric fan. There are no verified cases of the alleged phenomenon, but it remains a widely believed urban legend in South Korea.
Origins of belief.
The genesis of the misconception is unclear, but fears about electric fans date almost to their introduction to Korea, with stories dating to the 1920s and 1930s warning of the risks of nausea, asphyxiation, and facial paralysis from this "new technology".
There is a conspiracy theory that the South Korean government created or perpetuated the myth as propaganda to curb the energy consumption of South Korean households during the 1970s energy crisis, which coincided with the rule of President Park Chung-hee, who named modernization and a self-reliant economy as his top goals in his Five Year Economic Development Plan. Reports of fan death first appeared in the 1970s.
Proposed causes.
There are several purported explanations of how fan death happens:
Hypothermia.
Hypothermia is abnormally low body temperature caused by inadequate thermoregulation. As the metabolism slows down at night, one becomes more sensitive to temperature, and thus supposedly more prone to hypothermia. People who believe this theory think a fan operating in a closed room all night can lower temperature to the point of causing hypothermia.
Empirical measurements (as well as simple thermodynamics) show that fans do not cause room temperature to drop; if anything, it should rise slightly because of friction and the fan motor's heat output, but even this is negligible. Fans actually lower body temperature by increasing the convection around a person's body so that heat flows into the air more easily, and by vaporization as perspiration evaporates from the body. No scientific study indicates that this effect could cause hypothermia, unless the temperature were already very low. The "perception" of warmth and cold is physiologically different from actual empirical measurement of heat, as shown by phenomena like the wind-chill factor. The movement of the air from fans has similar effect to that of wind blowing on the skin.
Asphyxiation.
It is alleged that fans may cause asphyxiation by oxygen displacement and carbon dioxide intoxication. In the process of human respiration, inhaled fresh air is exhaled with a lower concentration of oxygen gas (O2) and higher concentration of carbon dioxide gas (CO2), causing a gradual reduction of O2 and buildup of CO2 in a completely unventilated room. Other indoor sources of carbon dioxide include burning fossil fuels, such as a gas-fueled water heater, and seepage through foundations in areas of high CO2 soil content. Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas, and because it weighs 1.5 times more than normal air, it tends to concentrate toward the floor, depending on temperature and air currents. In South Korea, some people sleep on traditional floor mats called "yo"s, while others prefer Western-style beds, and floor vents may be absent in rooms equipped with radiant underfloor heating, called "ondol".
According to "The Straight Dope" website run by the "Chicago Reader", asphyxiation is an unlikely cause of fan death because "few rooms are totally sealed, and the fan would tend to keep CO2 and other gases well mixed".
Actual hazard.
The American Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) does not warn of fan death, but discourages people from using fans in closed rooms without ventilation during excessive heat, specifically when the heat index is above . Although the increased air movement will increase sweat evaporation, the fact that the blown air is warmer than body temperature increases the heat stress placed on the body and can speed the onset of heat exhaustion and other detrimental conditions. The EPA does, however, approve of using a fan if a window is open and it's cooler outside, such as during overnight conditions, or when the heat index in a closed room is below .
Media coverage.
During the summertime, mainstream South Korean news sources regularly report alleged cases of fan death. A typical example is this excerpt from the July 4, 2011, edition of "The Korea Herald", an English-language newspaper:
This article also noted there was "no evidence" the fan caused the death, however.
Ken Jennings, writing for "Slate", says that based on "a recent email survey of contacts in Korea," opinion seems to be shifting among younger Koreans: "A decade of Internet skepticism seems to have accomplished what the preceding 75 years could not: convinced a nation that Korean fan death is probably hot air."
South Korean government.
The Korea Consumer Protection Board (KCPB), a South Korean government-funded public agency, issued a consumer safety alert in 2006 warning that "asphyxiation from electric fans and air conditioners" was among South Korea's five most common summer accidents or injuries, according to data they collected. The KCPB published the following:
If bodies are exposed to electric fans or air conditioners for too long, it causes bodies to lose water and [causes hypothermia. If directly in contact with current from a fan, this could lead to death from increase of carbon dioxide saturation concentration [sic and decrease of oxygen concentration. The risks are higher for the elderly and patients with respiratory problems. From 2003 2005, a total of 20 cases were reported through the CISS involving asphyxiations caused by leaving electric fans and air conditioners on while sleeping. To prevent asphyxiation, timers should be set, wind direction should be rotated, and doors should be left open.
Professional opinion.
Gord Giesbrecht, a professor of thermophysiology at the University of Manitoba, is a leading expert on hypothermia:
Dr. John Linton, of Yonsei University's Severance Hospital, who is licensed to practice medicine in South Korea, has said:
Dr. Lee Yoon-song is a professor at Seoul National University's medical school and works with the school's Institute of Scientific Investigation. He has conducted autopsies on some of the people who have been described in Korean media as having succumbed to fan death, and said:
He blames the South Korean media for the persistence of the urban legend:

</doc>
<doc id="20646503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646503" title="Niels Lergaard">
Niels Lergaard

Niels Lergaard (1893–1982) was a Danish painter. After training as a house painter, he spent a few years in Norway, where he became interested in Norwegian landscape painting. On returning to Denmark he studied and later taught at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, Copenhagen (1917–20). 
In the late 1920s, he moved to the picturesque Danish island of Bornholm where his paintings displayed the careful construction that characterized his work, for example in his landscapes of Gudhjem. He painted the sea, with a high horizon, the coast, figures with precisely constructed silhouettes, or Bornholm’s steep cliffs.
The dark colours he used in the 1930s were gradually replaced by a lighter palette. He worked to release new expressive possibilities from oil colours and in this way further emphasized the luminous power and depth of the picture plane. Thus his landscapes display a deeply symbolic, transcendent power.

</doc>
<doc id="20646507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646507" title="Agricultural marketing">
Agricultural marketing

Marketing systems are dynamic; they are competitive and involve continuous change and improvement. Businesses that have lower costs, are more efficient, and can deliver quality products, are those that prosper. Those that have high costs, fail to adapt to changes in market demand and provide poorer quality are often forced out of business. Marketing has to be customer-oriented and has to provide the farmer, transporter, trader, processor, etc. with a profit. This requires those involved in marketing chains to understand buyer requirements, both in terms of product and business conditions.
In Western countries considerable agricultural marketing support to farmers is often provided. In the USA, for example, the USDA operates the Agricultural Marketing Service. Support to developing countries with agricultural marketing development is carried out by various donor organizations and there is a trend for countries to develop their own Agricultural Marketing or Agribusiness units, often attached to ministries of agriculture. Activities include market information development, marketing extension, training in marketing and infrastructure development. Since the 1990s trends have seen the growing importance of supermarkets and a growing interest in contract farming, both of which impact significantly on the way in which marketing takes place.
Agricultural marketing support.
In the United States the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is a division of USDA and has programs for cotton, dairy, fruit and vegetable, livestock and seed, poultry, and tobacco. These programs provide testing, standardization, grading and market news services and oversee marketing agreements and orders, administer research and promotion programs, and purchase commodities for federal food programs. The AMS also enforces certain federal laws. USDA also provides support to the Agricultural Marketing Resource Center at Iowa State University and to Penn State University.
In the United Kingdom support for marketing of some commodities was provided before and after the Second World War by boards such as the Milk Marketing Board and the Egg Marketing Board, but these were closed down in the 1970s. As a colonial power Britain established marketing boards in many countries, particularly in Africa. Some continue to exist although many were closed down at the time of the introduction of structural adjustment measures in the 1990s.
In recent years several developing countries have established government-sponsored marketing or agribusiness units. South Africa, for example, started the National Agricultural Marketing Council (NAMC) as a response to the deregulation of the agriculture industry and closure of marketing boards in the country. India has the long-established National Institute of Agricultural Marketing (NIAM). These are primarily research and policy organizations, but other agencies provide facilitating services for marketing channels, such as the provision of infrastructure, market information and documentation support. Examples include the National Agricultural Marketing Development Corporation (NAMDEVCO) in Trinidad and Tobago and the New Guyana Marketing Corporation.
Several organizations provide support to developing countries to develop their agricultural marketing systems, including FAO's agricultural marketing unit and various donor organizations. There has also recently been considerable interest by NGOs to carry out activities to link farmers to markets.
Agricultural marketing development.
Well-functioning marketing systems necessitate a strong private sector backed up by appropriate policy and legislative frameworks and effective government support services. Such services can include provision of market infrastructure, supply of market information (as done by USDA, for example), and agricultural extension services able to advise farmers on marketing. Training in marketing at all levels is also needed. One of many problems faced in agricultural marketing in developing countries is the latent hostility to the private sector and the lack of understanding of the role of the intermediary. For this reason “middleman” has become very much a pejorative word.
Agricultural advisory services and the market.
Promoting market orientation in agricultural advisory services aims to provide for the sustainable enhancement of the capabilities of the rural poor to enable them to benefit from agricultural markets and help them to adapt to factors which impact upon these. As a study by the Overseas Development Institute demonstrates, a value chain approach to advisory services indicates that the range of clients serviced should go beyond farmers to include input providers, producers, producer organizations and processors and traders.
Market infrastructure.
Efficient marketing infrastructure such as wholesale, retail and assembly markets and storage facilities is essential for cost-effective marketing, to minimize post-harvest losses and to reduce health risks. Markets play an important role in rural development, income generation, food security, developing rural-market linkages and gender issues. Planners need to be aware of how to design markets that meet a community's social and economic needs and how to choose a suitable site for a new market. In many cases sites are chosen that are inappropriate and result in under-use or even no use of the infrastructure constructed. It is also not sufficient just to build a market: attention needs to be paid to how that market will be managed, operated and maintained. In most cases, where market improvements were only aimed at infrastructure upgrading and did not guarantee maintenance and management, most failed within a few years.
Rural assembly markets are located in production areas and primarily serve as places where farmers can meet with traders to sell their products. These may be occasional (perhaps weekly) markets, such as haat bazaars in India and Nepal, or permanent. Terminal wholesale markets are located in major metropolitan areas, where produce is finally chanelled to consumers through trade between wholesalers and retailers, caterers, etc. The characteristics of wholesale markets have changed considerably as retailing changes in response to urban growth, the increasing role of supermarkets and increased consumer spending capacity. These changes require responses in the way in which traditional wholesale markets are organized and managed.
Retail marketing systems in western countries have broadly evolved from traditional street markets through to the modern hypermarket or out-of-town shopping center. In developing countries, there remains considerable scope to improve agricultural marketing by constructing new retail markets, despite the growth of supermarkets, although municipalities often view markets as sources of revenue rather than infrastructure requiring development. Effective regulation of markets is essential. Inside the market, both hygiene rules and revenue collection activities have to be enforced. Of equal importance, however, is the maintenance of order outside the market. Licensed traders in a market will not be willing to cooperate in raising standards if they face competition from unlicensed operators outside who do not pay any of the costs involved in providing a proper service.
Market information.
Efficient market information can be shown to have positive benefits for farmers and traders. Up-to-date information on prices and other market factors enables farmers to negotiate with traders and also facilitates spatial distribution of products from rural areas to towns and between markets. Most governments in developing countries have tried to provide market information services to farmers, but these have tended to experience problems of sustainability. Moreover, even when they function, the service provided is often insufficient to allow commercial decisions to be made because of time lags between data collection and dissemination. Modern communications technologies open up the possibility for market information services to improve information delivery through SMS on cell phones and the rapid growth of FM radio stations in many developing countries offers the possibility of more localised information services. In the longer run, the internet may become an effective way of delivering information to farmers. However, problems associated with the cost and accuracy of data collection still remain to be addressed. Even when they have access to market information, farmers often require assistance in interpreting that information. For example, the market price quoted on the radio may refer to a wholesale selling price and farmers may have difficulty in translating this into a realistic price at their local assembly market. Various attempts have been made in developing countries to introduce commercial market information services but these have largely been targeted at traders, commercial farmers or exporters. It is not easy to see how small, poor farmers can generate sufficient income for a commercial service to be profitable although in India a new service introduced by Thompson Reuters was reportedly used by over 100,000 farmers in its first year of operation. Esoko in West Africa attempts to subsidize the cost of such services to farmers by charging access to a more advanced feature set of mobile-based tools to businesses.
Marketing training.
Farmers frequently consider marketing as being their major problem. However, while they are able to identify such problems as poor prices, lack of transport and high post-harvest losses, they are often poorly equipped to identify potential solutions. Successful marketing requires learning new skills, new techniques and new ways of obtaining information. Extension officers working with ministries of agriculture or NGOs are often well-trained in horticultural production techniques but usually lack knowledge of marketing or post-harvest handling.
Ways of helping them develop their knowledge of these areas, in order to be better able to advise farmers about market-oriented horticulture, need to be explored. While there is a range of generic guides and other training materials available from FAO and others, these should ideally be tailored to national circumstances to have maximum effect.
Enabling environments.
Agricultural marketing needs to be conducted within a supportive policy, legal, institutional, macro-economic, infrastructural and bureaucratic environment. Traders and others cannot make investments in a climate of arbitrary government policy changes, such as those that restrict imports and exports or internal produce movement. Those in business cannot function if their trading activities are hampered by excessive bureaucracy. Inappropriate law can distort and reduce the efficiency of the market, increase the costs of doing business and retard the development of a competitive private sector. Poor support institutions, such as agricultural extension services, municipalities that operate markets inefficiently and export promotion bodies, can be particularly damaging. Poor roads increase the cost of doing business, reduce payments to farmers and increase prices to consumers. Finally, the ever-present problem of corruption can seriously impact on agricultural marketing efficiency in many countries by increasing the transaction costs faced by those in the marketing chain.
Recent developments.
New marketing linkages between agribusiness, large retailers and farmers are gradually being developed, e.g. through contract farming, group marketing and other forms of collective action.
Donors and NGOs are paying increasing attention to ways of promoting direct linkages between farmers and buyers within a value chain context. More attention is now being paid to the development of regional markets (e.g. East Africa) and to structured trading systems that should facilitate such developments The growth of supermarkets, particularly in Latin America and East and South East Asia, is having a significant impact on marketing channels for horticultural, dairy and livestock products. Nevertheless, “spot” markets will continue to be important for many years, necessitating attention to infrastructure improvement such as for retail and wholesale markets.

</doc>
<doc id="20646509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646509" title="Popovtsi">
Popovtsi

Popovtsi may refer to one of the following villages in Bulgaria:

</doc>
<doc id="20646512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646512" title="The Parties (band)">
The Parties (band)

The Parties is an American psych rock group based in San Francisco, CA.
The Parties brand of powerpop harkens back to the classic era of melodic song writing popularized by such bands as The Byrds, The Beatles, The Zombies, The Who and The Beach Boys, as well as bands involved in the '80s Paisley Underground scene and the '90s shoegaze phenom. The Parties have received accolades from such national publications as Uncut Magazine, Allmusic and Amplifier Magazine. They have played both the International Pop Overthrow Festival and New York's CMJ and Austin's SXSW, and they have shared the stage with The Shore, Sky Parade, The New Fidelity, The Waking Hours, Prabir and The Substitutes, The High Dials, and The Parson Redheads.
History.
The Parties were formed in 2004 by Red Planet alum Jeremy Powers and Richmond, VA songwriter, drummer John L. Morgan IV with a joint love for all things Lennon-McCartney. The two soon hooked up with bassist Rex Padayhag, who grew up in the Philippines playing with various bands on the Manila Psychedelic Pop circuit, and Oakland guitarist Sarah Melfeld. 
Three Ring Circus.
Three Ring Circus Records saw the band in Sacramento multiple times and asked to put out the EP (in digital format only) that the boys had already recorded themselves and that they had been selling at shows. They agreed to this but wanted more exposure and press. A letter was written to Rainbow Quartz records, demos were sent, and the band had a new deal.
"Cryin' Shame" EP.
This EP was released in 2009. Originally planned as a full length, Morgan left the band for his home state of VA, so the guys were left with a handful of songs and decided to go with an EP. Rob Uytingco thereafter replaced Morgan.
Released November, 2009 on Rainbow Quartz
Tracklisting
[http://www.aversion.com/bands/reviews.cfm?review=4282&artist=The%20Parties&title=Cryin'%20Shame%20EP]
"Coast Garde" CD.
Coast Garde was the band's second full length with Rainbow Quartz and first with the new line-up with Rob Uytingco. The release was followed by multiple shows, but press was mixed, and ultimately Rex Padayhag, who truly had been the glue in the band as a lead and harmony singer and by playing bass, vocals, organ, and piano decided to leave. 
[http://roctoberreviews.blogspot.com/2011/03/parties-coast-garde.html]
[http://www.kristerbladh.co.uk/blog/?p=411]
[http://popunderground.wordpress.com/2011/01/16/audities-best-of-2010-the-results/]
Current members.
Jeremy Powers - guitar, vocals
Adam Symons - guitar, vocals
Rob Uytingco - drums
Past members.
Sara Melfeld - guitar, vocals
John L. Morgan IV - drums, vocals

</doc>
<doc id="20646528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646528" title="Public Safety Building (Cumberland, Maryland)">
Public Safety Building (Cumberland, Maryland)

Public Safety Building, or Old Post Office, is a historic building in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It was constructed between 1902 and 1904, in the Classical Revival style. It is built of brick, rising from a monumental stone base. There is a slightly projecting pavilion with four engaged Ionic columns on the second and third floors. The building was built originally as the United States Courthouse and Post Office during the tenure of James Knox Taylor (1857-1929), who was Supervising Architect for the U.S. Treasury. It is considered to be typical of buildings constructed during Taylor's tenure to the specifications of the Tarsney Act, which required competition in the design of federal buildings.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20646531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646531" title="Devi">
Devi

Devī (Devanagari: देवी) is the Sanskrit root-word of Divine, its related masculine term is Deva. Devi is synonymous with Shakti, the female aspect of the divine, as conceptualized by the Shakta tradition of Hinduism. She is the female counterpart without whom the male aspect, which represents consciousness or discrimination, remains impotent and void. Goddess worship is an integral part of Hinduism.
Devi is, quintessentially, the core form of every Hindu Goddess. As the female manifestation of the supreme lord, she is also called Prakriti, as she balances out the male aspect of the divine addressed Purusha.
Devi is the supreme Being in the Shaktism tradition of Hinduism, while in the Smartha tradition, she is one of the five primary forms of God. In other Hindu traditions of Shaivism and Vaishnavism, Devi embodies the active energy and power of male deities (Purushas), such as Vishnu in Vaishnavism or Shiva in Shaivism. Vishnu's shakti counterpart is called Lakshmi, with Parvati being the female shakti of Shiva.
Origins.
Indus Valley.
The Indus Valley Civilization, with its neighboring cultures of Zhob and Kulli regions in Balochistan, have yielded data on prehistoric religious practices on the Indian subcontinent dating back to 3000 BC. Some scholars suggest that the Indus Valley culture has a cult of the Great Mother or the Divine Mother, similar to such cults in Persia (Anahita), Asia Minor and the Mediterranean; and some have even speculated that this may be the earliest form of Shaktism.
Vedic period.
The Vedic literature describes a number of significant goddesses including Ushas, Prithivi, Aditi, Saraswati, Vac, Nirrti, Ratri, Aranyani; and a number of minor ones, including Puramdhi, Parendi, Raka, Dhisana, – hardly mentioned about a dozen times in the Rig Veda, and they all are associated with bounties and riches. Few others like Ila, Bharati, Mahi, Hotra are invoked and summoned through hymns to take their share during certain rituals. 
According to the Vedas, Shakti is claimed to be Maya or illusion that casts a veil over Brahman, the Ultimate reality. Shakti and Brahman are inseparable entities that lie in a single body which reaffirms the claim that Shakti and Shiva coexist.
Manifestations.
Devi or the divine feminine is an equal counterpart to the divine masculine, and hence manifests herself as the Trinity herself - the Creator (Durga or the Divine Mother), Preserver (Lakshmi, Parvati and Saraswati) and Destroyer (Mahishasura-Mardini, Kali and Smashanakali).
Mahadevi.
Many texts, myths and rituals concerning goddesses subsume them all under one great female being, named generally as Mahadevi or Devi. Early Hindu traditions as reflected in the Vedas speak of discrete goddesses like Parvati and Lakshmi. Later, there emerged a tendency to relate all goddesses to one ultimate goddess, the best example of such texts being the Devi Mahatamaya. Another important feature of Mahadevi mythology and theology is the insistence that assumes both benign and terrible aspects of Mahadevi.
Durga.
In the Hindu pantheon, Durga is one of the most popular goddesses, and her creation takes place in the context of a cosmic crisis. The asuras were on the ascent, and they had become a threat to cosmic stability. The male gods were unable to contain and subdue them. A number of male gods having failed to subdue the demons led by Mahishasura, assembled into a conclave and emitted their energies together which took the form of the warrior goddess, Durga, that is, the invincible. 
Vedic literature does not have any particular goddess matching the concept of Durga though it has references to certain goddesses as slayers of demons. "Taitriya-aranyaka" mentions Durga, but not in a manner comparable to Durga of later Hinduism. Around the 4th century AD, images of Durga slaying "Mahishasura" begin to become common in many palaces in the Indian subcontinent. 
The theology underlying Durga’s emergence and exploits are revealed in Devi Mahatmyam, the most famous text extolling her exploits, and is described: ""Though she is eternal, the goddess becomes manifest over and over again to protect the world"". This makes her on par with various Avatars of Vishnu. 
One of the most famous festivals associated with her is Durga Puja celebrated in the month of Ashvin (September–October), and is also called the Navaratri festival.
Saraswati.
Saraswati, the flowing one, is one of the most celebrated goddesses from the Vedic period through current times. She has been repeatedly mentioned in the Rig Veda, and has been identified with the Saraswati River. Over a period of time, in later Hinduism, her connection with a river decreased considerably, and she is no longer a goddess who embodies sacrality of a river, but has acquired her independent history and attributes. 
She is the goddess of speech and learning, and is the creator of Sanskrit, the language of the Vedas. She is the consort of Brahma, the creator and member of the Hindu Trinity. She is equally revered by Hindus, Jains and the Buddhists. Her iconography depicts her association with art, science and culture, which is dramatically different from some other major goddesses who are identified with fertility, wealth, and battles. She is shown as having four arms, and the most common items held by her in her hands are a book, a vina (lute), a mala, and a water pot. The book signified art, science and learning; the vina associates her with music and performing arts; and the prayer beads and water pot signify her association with religious rites. She is worshipped on the fifth day of the spring according to Hindu calendar, called the Basant Panchami.
Shri-Lakshmi.
Shri, commonly known as Lakshmi and also called Shri Lakshmi, is one of the most popular and widely worshipped Devi in Hindu tradition since pre-Buddhist period. Her name is the basis for "Lady Luck (Lakshmi)" in the Christian West and her form of rising from water is depicted as Venus. She has a considerable body of mythology and history. The earliest legend states that Shri is born as a result of austerities of Prajapati, and she represents ten qualities and objects, namely, food, royal power, universal sovereignty, knowledge, power, holy luster, kingdom, fortune, bounteousness, and beauty.
Shri appears in several Vedic hymns, and Shri is indicative of several positive attributes including beauty, glory, power, capability, and higher rank. In later Vedic literature, Shri signified the ruling power and the majesty of kings. Shri-Sukt, a hymn appended to the Rig Veda, is a famous Vedic chant, extolling Shri, and presents a detailed account of her, both conceptually and visually. The hymn also associates her with lotus and elephant – an association, which has not changed in subsequent history.
By the late epic period (400 AD), Lakshmi became associated with Vishnu, and emerged as his wife or consort, and acquired - in addition to her earlier attributes - characteristics of a model wife.
She is worshiped on Diwali, a new moon night, to symbolize that her presence is enough to dispel all the darkness from the hearts of her devotees.
Parvati.
Parvati is the daughter of the mountains (the Himalayas), and manifests the aspect of the goddess as the wife of Shiva. She is generally considered a benign goddess. She is one of the principal deities of Shaktism and sometimes considered the essence of Shakti herself, i.e. Adi-shakti. She has been identified as a reincarnation of Dakshayani or Sati, Shiva’s first wife, who destroyed her by self-immolation because her father, Daksha, had insulted Shiva. Parvati, when depicted alongside Shiva, appears with two arms, but when alone, she is shown having four arms, and riding a tiger or lion. She is also known by a number of other names, including "Durga "(Goddess Beyond reach)"Ambika" (mother)," Gauri" (golden)," Shyama" (dark complexioned), "Bhavani" (Mother of Universe) "Bhairavi" (awesome) and "Kali" (black-colored or Goddess of Time). She is also identified as Mahadevi.
In classical Hindu mythology, the "raison d’être" of Parvati, and before that of Sati, is to lure Shiva into marriage and thus into a wider circle of worldly affairs. With the plays of Kalidas (5th-6th centuries) and the Puranas (4th through the 13th centuries) the myths of Sati, Parvati and Shiva acquired comprehensive details.
Kali.
Kali is one of the most significant divinities, and many texts and contexts treat Kali as an independent deity, not directly associated with a male god. In case she is associated with a male god, it is invariably Shiva. In this aspect, she represents the omnipotent Shakti of Shiva. She holds both the creative and destructive power of time. 
The earliest reference to Kali in Hindu tradition date back to the 6th century, and locate her in the battle fields fighting asuras. Her temples are recommended to be built away from human habitations. Vana Bhatta's 7th century drama Kadambari features a goddess named Chandi, an epithet of both Kali and Durga.
Kali’s most famous appearance in battle contexts are found in the text "Devi Mahatmya" when during the battle with asuras, Durga becomes angry. Her face turns pitch dark, and suddenly Kali springs forth from Durga’s forehead. She is black, wears a garland of human heads, is clothed in a tiger skin, and wields a staff topped by a human skull. She destroys the asuras. Later, Durga seeks her assistance once more to annihilate Raktabija. Kali’s mythology recounts several such appearances, mostly in terrible aspects.
Mahavidya.
Mahavidyas, that is, the supreme knowledge, revelations and manifestations, refer to a group of ten goddesses. They constitute an important aspect of Mahadevi theology, which emphasizes that the Devi has a tendency to manifest and display herself in a variety of forms and aspects. Mahavidyas find no mention in the earliest Hindu texts, but appeared relatively late in Hindu tradition. Seven of them represent creative forces embodied in Kali, and the remaining three embody her destructive nature and aspects. In the context of Hindu mythology, the origin of the ten Mahavidyas takes place in the story of Sati and Shiva.
Ten Mahavidyas are: Kali, Tara, Chinnamasta, Bhuvanesvari, Bagla, Dhumavati, Kamla, Matangi, Sodasi, and Bhairavi.
Navadurga.
Navadurga (Devanagari: नवदुर्गा), which literally means "nine Durgas", constitute, according to Hindu mythology, the manifestation of Durga in nine different forms.
Navadurga are famously worshipped during the Autumn Navaratri or the Nine days, initiating the devotees into a period of festivities according to Hindu calendar.
Other aspects.
Soundarya Lahari.
The Soundarya Lahari is a hymn of 100 verses composed in Sanskrit. It was written in honor of the goddess Devi. This hymn is frequently referred to as "The Flood of Beauty" or "The Flood of Bliss". The Soundarya Lahari is very well established in the context of the Tantra that is difficult to interpret. It provides an appropriate approach to view of the tantra. The link between material and spiritual being is often affiliated with a center of power known a Chakra which is usually located in the human body. However, in the Soundarya Lahari they are analogous with the divine and human worlds which are a part of Devi. Although the Soundarya Lahari aims at eliminating transgressive practices, it doesn't go into great detail what the actual transgressive actions are. There are no offenses to the dharma that are actual described. The description of Devi is even limited, with no mention of her sexual organs. Her breasts are vividly described, but this is only to hint at her role as a maternal figure. The hymn's main purpose is to provide a respectable approach to the tantra through Devi. 
Sita.
Sita is one of the most popular divinities of Hinduism. Currently, Sita is associated with Rama (an Avatar of Vishnu) as his wife, and she receives worship along with her husband Rama. She is one of the many incarnations of Lakshmi. 
A female divinity called Sita was known before the Ramayana of Valmiki. Sita literally means “furrow”, that is, the line made while plowing the land, and in Vedic period, she was one of the goddesses associated with fertility. The "Kausik-sutra" and the "Paraskara-sutra" associates her repeatedly as the wife of Parjanya (a god associated with rains) and Indra. She is one of the Panchkanyas that are worshipped(remembered) daily in the morning period to banish sins out of life due to her chastity and devotion towards her husband. It is said she is shakti or prakriti of Rama as told in Ram Raksha Stotram. 
She emerged as a significant divinity with Valmiki’s Ramayana, written sometime between 200 BC and 200 AD, and various vernacular renditions of the same, with slightly modified contents, over next several centuries. These texts extol Rama and Sita as the divine couple, and countless mythology, legend, and folklores revolve around them. Sita is always represented in association with Rama, her husband, and Rama is central to her life and existence. She has the dominant role of all Hindu mythological tradition as far as the portrayal of ideal woman and ideal wife is concerned. She represents wifely devotion, forbearance and chastity. She overshadows several other divine Hindu wives including Parvati and Lakshmi, and other similar devoted wives of Hindu mythology like Savitri and Damayanti.
Her current history states that she emerged from the earth when king Janaka was plowing the field during a ritual to invoke rains. She was married to Rama, was abducted by Ravana, reclaimed by Rama, and then banished out of his kingdom. In the forests, in an ashram of Valmiki, she raised her two sons, Kusha and Lava, who engaged the royal forces of Rama and inflicted heavy damage. Rama himself comes to fight with them, when Valmiki told him that they were his own sons. Rama requests Sita to come back, but remembering the injustices meted out to her, she called her mother Earth to receive her back, the ground opens up and she returned to where she had originally emerged.
Radha.
Radha, which means prosperity and success, is one of the Gopis of Vrindavan, and is a central figure of Vaishnava theology. Early literature speaks of a favourite Gopi of Krishna, but her details emerge clearly centuries later. Jayadeva’s "Gitagovinda" (12th century) presents a full depiction of Radha and her association with Krishna. 
In fact, Radha is the original manifestation of Param(Adi) Shakti, i.e. Parvati (in sagun-i.e. benevolent-form), which is the supreme energy in the Hindu religion. She is same as mother Sita is who worshiped Goddess Gauri, whose partial incarnations are Lakshmi, Durga and Saraswati. In order to please Parasiva, one has to first please Adi parashakti. So In order to please Krishna, one has to call Radha first. In Devi Bhagavata, it is mentioned that she is the one who fulfills all the desires of all creatures by simply crying while remembering her and She is the partial expansion of Parvati, actual source all energies.
Traditionally, Radha’s love for Krishna is likened to human soul’s yearning for God, and she is regarded as an ultimate model for devotees. Her role is also to be an intermediary between man and God.
Matrikas.
Matrikas, that is, the mothers, are a band of divinities, which always appear in a group. They are Brahmani, Vaishnavi, Maheshvari, Indrani, Kaumari, Varahi and Chamunda or Narasimhi.
Shakti Peethas.
Another important aspects of the Female divine are the various Shakti Peethas spread all across the nation, where over 51 body parts of Devi Sati, first wife of Lord Shiva fell
after being broken apart by the Sudarshana Chakra of Lord Vishnu. 
Goddess Sati had earlier performed self-immolation at the ceremonial feast of her father king Daksha and an enraged and inconsolable Lord Shiva was wandering all over the Creation, with her dead body, threatening its very existence. Each point on the earth where her body parts fell is now venerated as a Shakti Peetha - the seat of Shakti or female power.

</doc>
<doc id="20646537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646537" title="Eric Moyo">
Eric Moyo

Eric Moyo (born 1982, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwaen singer and the first ever winner of "Idols East Africa" a version of the Idol series. As part of the recording contract, Moyo is also assured of US$25,000 in guaranteed album sales from the telecompany Celtel. He also won a 42-inch LG plasma television set.

</doc>
<doc id="20646540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646540" title="Schwandorf station">
Schwandorf station

Schwandorf station is the second most important regional transport hub in the Upper Palatinate province of Bavaria after Regensburg Hauptbahnhof, and one of the two working railway stations in the town of Schwandorf. It is classified as a category 3 station by the Deutsche Bahn.
History.
The station was opened on 12 December 1859 by the Bavarian Eastern Railway Company, when the Nuremberg–Schwandorf–Regensburg route was taken into service. Just under four years later, on 1 October 1863, the Schwandorf–Weiden line was opened and, in 1865, it was extended to Eger. The link to Cham was opened on 7 January 1861 and in autumn of that year the line was opened all the way through to Prague via Furth im Wald and Pilsen. The result was that two lines passed through the town, one in a north-south and one in an east-west direction. These lines still exist today, although Schwandorf can no longer be called a "railwayman's town" as formerly was the case.
Infrastructure and facilities.
Today the station has eleven main lines of which five are used for passenger services. The home platform and the two island platforms are 38 cm high and do not meet the requirement for barrier-free admission. In the station building, in addition to a ticket machine, there is also a newsagents, a baker's and a shop for travellers with a bistro.
Transport links.
About a hundred trains runs daily from Schwandorf station. Direct connexions include those to:
Next to the railway station is a bus station, from which buses depart to all parts of the town and the local area.
A Park-and-Ride car park and taxi stand are also available at the station.
Irrenlohe station.
In the north of the town, in the district of Irlaching, is Irrenlohe station. It is classified as category 6. The station emerged with the establishment of the link from Regensburg to Nuremberg. When the branch line to Weiden was added, Irrenlohe became a mini transport hub. This was the reason that the village was shelled in the Second World War. 
The reason the station is called "Irrenlohe" and not "Irlaching" is that the villagers of Irlaching had shown no real interest in a railway connection and so the building of the station was paid for by Irrenlohe.
The station has five main tracks, of which three are platform tracks. Passenger services are:
The composer Franz Schreker took the name of his opera "Irrelohe" ("Mad flames") from the station after his train halted there.
Klardorf station.
South of Schwandorf in the suburb of Klardorf there is another station at which no passenger trains have stopped since 2 June 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20646543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646543" title="Alexander Shelley">
Alexander Shelley

Alexander Shelley (born October 8, 1979, London, England) is an English conductor.
Biography.
Alexander Shelley is an English conductor and cellist born in 1979 into a family of musicians (father Howard Shelley OBE, mother Hilary Macnamara).
It was announced on October 30, 2013 that Shelley would succeed Pinchas Zukerman as Music Director of Canada's National Arts Centre Orchestra in Ottawa effective from September 1st 2015. Shelley has been Chief Conductor of the Nuremberg Symphony Orchestra since 2009 and in 2012 extended his contract until 2017. 
Shelley began playing the piano as a child and in 1992 won a music scholarship to Westminster School from The Hall School Hampstead. He studied cello with Timothy Hugh, Steven Doane and Johannes Goritzki at the Royal College of Music and at the Robert Schumann Hochschule, Düsseldorf respectively. Master-classes with Rostropovich, Janos Starker and Aldo Parisot led him to France, Italy and North America. He was a member of the World Orchestra for Peace during the 2003 tour with Valery Gergiev. He studied conducting with Professor Thomas Gabrisch in Düsseldorf and worked closely with Yan-Pascal Tortelier as his assistant conductor, among others with the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain.
In 2001 he founded the Schumann Camerata, a chamber orchestra with whom he subsequently performed over 80 concerts, including a high-profile tour of 11 Russian cities culminating in the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatoire. In 2005 Shelley conceived the "440Hz" project, an innovative series of concerts involving prominent German television and stage personalities, in a major initiative to attract young adults to the concert hall. The third edition of 440 Hz was completed in 2011 and the fourth edition began in 2013. Guest artists have included Konrad Beikircher, Gotz Alsmann&Band, Die Wise Guys, Blank&Jones, BASTA, Ensemble Six, Miki, Curse, Reen, Mellow Mark, Ono, Chima, Marlies Petersen and Ralf Bauer.
Unanimously awarded first prize in the 2005 Leeds Conductors Competition, Shelley was described in the press as "the most exciting and gifted young conductor to have taken this highly prestigious award. His conducting technique is immaculate, everything crystal clear and a tool to his inborn musicality."
Following the competition Shelley quickly established himself on both the national and international music circuit and his early UK appearances featured the BBC Philharmonic at the BBC Proms in 2006 and the inaugural Manchester International Festival in 2007 and the Britten Sinfonia at the BBC Proms in 2007. He was subsequently invited to conduct The Philharmonia Orchestra, City of Birmingham Symphony, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, BBC National Orchestra of Wales, BBC Symphony Orchestra, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, Bournemouth Symphony, English Chamber Orchestra, Northern Sinfonia, Scottish Chamber Orchestra, London Mozart Players and, most recently, several projects with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra .
In Scandinavia he has conducted, among others, the Swedish Radio Orchestra, Royal Stockholm Philharmonic, Gothenburg Symphony, Copenhagen Philharmonic Orchestra, Danish National Chamber Orchestra and Odense Symphony and appeared in 2009 for the fourth consecutive year at the Tivoli Festival. Following his professional opera debut with The Merry Widow for Royal Danish Opera in 2008, he was re-invited to conduct a new production of Gounod's Romeo and Juliet in Copenhagen in Spring 2011. In 2012 he led La Bohème for Opera Lyra Ottawa and in the coming seasons will conduct a new production of Cosi fan tutte (2013) at the Opéra national de Montpellier and a new production of The Marriage of Figaro at Opera North (2014).
Following regular guest engagements in Germany including the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen, the Deutsche Radio Philharmonie, MDR Leipzig and Hamburg Symphony, Shelley took up the post of Principal Conductor of Nuremberg Symphony Orchestra in September 2009 on a four year contract. In 2011 his contract was extended by four years up to 2017.
Alongside his continuing concert projects with Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen, Alexander Shelley became, from 2009, artistic director of their new and ground-breaking Zukunftslabor project. This award-winning series aims to build a lasting relationship between the orchestra and a new generation of concert-goers through grass-roots engagement and involvement with young audiences as well as exciting and unusual programming concepts. In 2012 the Zukunftslabor was awarded the prestigious Echo Klassik prize in the category of Nachwuchsförderung.
Between 2009 and 2013 he worked with, among others, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, Netherlands Radio Philharmonic, Frankfurt Radio Symphony Orchestra, Komische Oper Berlin, Konzerthaus Orchestra Berlin, German Symphony Orchestra, Berlin, NDR Radiophilharmonie, Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra, Gothenburg Symphony, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, Seattle Symphony, Houston Symphony, Seoul Philharmonic, the Mozarteum Orchestra of Salzburg, the Zurich Chamber Orchestra, Malaysian Philharmonic, Sapporo Symphony Orchestra, Simon Bolivar Symphony Orchestra in Caracas, New Zealand Symphony Orchestra, Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, the National Arts Centre Orchestra in Ottawa, the Monte-Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra and the Orchestre National de Bordeaux.
Major forthcoming debuts include the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra and Hong Kong Philharmonic.
Alexander Shelley is the Dance4Life Ambassador for Germany and patron of House meets Charity e.v.
Shelley was the keynote speaker at the graduation ceremony for the class of 2013 at Jacobs University Bremen 

</doc>
<doc id="20646555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646555" title="Charles Howard McIlwain">
Charles Howard McIlwain

Charles Howard McIlwain (March 15, 1871 – June 1, 1968) was an American historian and political scientist who won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1924. He was educated at Princeton University and Harvard University and taught at both institutions, as well as the University of Oxford, Miami University, and Bowdoin College. Though he trained as a lawyer, his career was mostly academic, devoted to constitutional history. He was a member of several learned societies and served as President of the American Historical Association in 1935–36.
Early life and career.
McIlwain was born March 15, 1871, in Saltsburg, Pennsylvania. In 1894 Princeton awarded him a bachelor's degree. He then moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where he served as a clerk within a law firm while studying the law. In 1897 he was admitted to the Pennsylvania bar in Allegheny County.
Though McIlwain remained interested in law through his life, he quickly abandoned his legal career. In 1898 he received a master's degree from Princeton and began teaching Latin and history and coaching track and field at the Kiski School in Saltsburg. He left in 1901 to pursue a master's degree at Harvard. After obtaining the degree in 1903 he began teaching history at Miami University.
Academic career.
In 1905 Woodrow Wilson, then President of Princeton University, instituted a preceptorial system, a modified version of the tutorial system of Oxbridge, at Princeton. After interviewing McIlwain personally, Wilson appointed him to the inaugural group of 45 Princeton preceptors. McIlwain remained at Princeton until 1910, when he left to become the Thomas Brackett Reed Professor of History and Political Science at Bowdoin College. There he published his first book, "The High Court of Parliament and Its Supremacy", which caught the attention of fellow historians and led to his appointment in 1911 as an assistant professor of history at Harvard. He was named a full professor of history and government in 1916.
McIlwain spent the rest of his academic career at Harvard, where he taught courses on the constitutional history of England and the history of political theory. In 1918 he edited a collection of political treatises and speeches of James VI and I, the king of England, Scotland, and Ireland. In 1923 he published "The American Revolution: A Constitutional Interpretation", in which he argued that the American Revolution came about because of a disagreement over the interpretation of the constitution of the United Kingdom. The following year he received the Pulitzer Prize for History for this book. In 1926 he was appointed the Eaton Professor of the Sciences of Government at Harvard. In 1932 he published another book, "The Growth of Political Thought in the West". In 1934 he was named a Fellow of the Medieval Academy of America. He served as President of the American Historical Association 1935–36. He was also a member of the American Philosophical Society and a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy.
In 1940 McIlwain published "Constitutionalism: Ancient and Modern", in which he identified government power and an independent judiciary and the countervailing forces underlying constitutionalism. He also discussed the ancient Roman and English roots of United States constitutionalism. He published a revised version of this book in 1947. During 1944 McIlwain served as the George Eastman Visiting Professor at Oxford, the first person named to that post since the start of World War II. At Oxford he was a member of Balliol College. He retired from Harvard in 1946.
Later life and legacy.
McIlwain received honorary doctorates from the University of Chicago in 1941 and Yale University in 1951. He corresponded with the World Federalist Movement's Committee to Frame a World Constitution in the mid-1940s. He died June 1, 1968. In 1986 a preceptorship at Princeton was established in his name. Eric Santner was the inaugural Charles H. McIlwain Preceptor.

</doc>
<doc id="20646557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646557" title="Chicherin House">
Chicherin House

Chichrerin House () was a historical landmark building located at Nevsky Prospekt 15 (between Bolshaya Morskaya Street and Moika River embankment) in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is also known as Kosikovsky House, Elisseeff House and "Barrikada" cinema theater.
Preceding buildings.
In 1716-1720, the area between the Moika River and Bolshaya Morskaya Street was the site used to build Mytnyi Dvor (), a project by Georg Johann Mattarnovy and Nicolaus Friedrich Harbel. This building had a two-story gallery and a tower overlooking the Moyka, and it was commonly called "Gostiny Dvor" () (not to be confused with the modern Gostiny Dvor in Saint Petersburg that was built later, in 1757). It was destroyed in a fire in 1736.
After the fire, the site remained empty until 1755, when architect Francesco Bartolomeo Rastrelli constructed a single-story wooden temporary Winter Palace to be a residence for Empress Elizabeth Petrovna while the new permanent Winter Palace was being built. The palace spanned the entire space from the Moyka River to Malaya and Morskaya streets, occupied today by Chicherin House at Nevsky 15 and Chaplin's House at Nevsky 13.
The history of the palace is linked to the history of the first Russian theater. When famous actor Fyodor Volkov was invited to come from Yaroslavl to Saint Petersburg in 1757, he became the director of the Imperial Theater. Performances were held in the palace, in a specially prepared hall.
Empress Elizabeth lived in this palace until her death there on December 25, 1761.
Chicherin House.
By 1767 the wooden palace had deteriorated so badly that it had to be demolished. Empress Catherine II gave the vacant land to Nikolai Ivanovich Chicherin, a brother of Denis Ivanovich Chicherin, who was commander of the military unit in which Gregory and Alexey Orlov served. The Orlov brothers helped Catherine rise to the power in a coup. After she became empress, Denis Chicherin was appointed governor of Siberia, and Nikolai Chicherin was appointed chief police general of Saint Petersburg.
Chicherin ordered a house to be built on the site and a four-story building was constructed in 1768-1771. It is not known for certain who the architect was. It has been suggested that it could have been Vallin de la Mothe, Yury Felten, Alexander Kokorinov or Andrey Kvasov. The nearby Green Bridge across the Moyka river was renamed "Police Bridge" due to its proximity to the police chief's home.
The architecture, in rigorous neoclassical style, is a rare example of the corner of a building forming a semicircular arc. The facade on one street flows smoothly into the facade on the intersecting street, in a united ensemble.
Chicherin's family lived in the third floor. The first floor featured various shops including a bookstore. All the other apartments were for rent. One of the tenants in 1780-1783 was Giacomo Quarenghi.
In 1778, Saint Petersburg's second music club opened in Chicherin House, where weekly concerts and masquerades were performed. Attendees included Alexander Radishchev, Denis Fonvizin, Ivan Starov and Fedot Shubin. The club was unable to operate at a profit and was closed in 1792.
Kurakin House.
In 1792, Chicherin's children sold the property to prince Alexei Kurakin who lived there since 1792. One of the tenants in the Kurakin's house was Mikhail Speransky. Young Speransky impressed Kurakin with help on one business letter, so he was immediately offered a job as prince's scribe. That was were spectacular career of Speransky started. In 1800-1806 the owner of the house was merchant Abram Peretz, prominent financist, ship building contractor and salt supplier.
Kosikovsky House.
From 1806, the ownership passed to merchant Kosikovsky. In 1814-1816 new section of the house was built alongside Bolshaya Morskaya street. Architect Vasily Stasov led this project. The facade of the new section featured twelve columns to commemorate victory in the War of 1812 over Napoleon. In this part of the building, on the first floor Frenchman Pierre Talon open restaurant "Talon". Alexander Pushkin used to visit this restaurant, and in his novel in verse Evgeny Onegin he also sent there Onegin himself:
Talon was closed in 1825. At the same time, Alexander Pluchart had established Pluchart's Publishing House and bookstore at Kosikovsky House. That's where Nikolai Gogol's Revisor and Russian translation of Goethe's Faust were first printed. The editorial office of Pavel Svinyin's journal Otechestvennye Zapiski was also located at the building. Publisher Nikolai Gretsch lived in house, and decembrist Wilhelm Küchelbecker stayed at his place in 1825. In 1820th, Vincenco Madenri had a sculpture workshop in the Kosikovsky house. This where malachite was used for the first time for interior work. 
In 1828 Russian writer, composer and diplomat Alexander Griboedov rented an apartment in Kosikovsky house. From here he left to Russian consulate in Tehran, where he was killed by a mob during riots.
Elisseeff House.
In 1858 the property was acquired by the Elisseeff brothers - two sons of the merchant Elisseeff - the founder of the Elisseeff Trading House. From 1858 to 1870 the building was reconstructed under the project of Nikolai Grebenka. The shape of windows facing Nevsky Prospekt was partially changed, and new section was built on the Moyka side of the building.
The Elisseeff brothers were patrons of the arts, and collectors. All Auguste Rodin's sculptures which are in the Hermitage Museum collection were first collected by the Elisseeff family. In 1860 the Elisseeffs opened a 'Salon' in the house, which existed until 1914. Honorable members of the assembly included Pyotr Vyazemsky, Faddei Bulgarin and others. Here, the writers such as Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Ivan Turgenev and Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin read their works. In 1886 the Elisseeff House hosted the premiere of Modest Mussorgsky's opera "Khovanshchina".
In January 1862, count Grigory Kushelev-Bezborodko founded a chess club in the Elisseeff House. Club members included Nikolai Chernyshevsky and Dmitri Mendeleev. However, the police started to get reports, that club members engage in political discussions about constitution and revolution, Chernyshevsky makes speeches, and there is no playing chess. In March of the same year police closed the club.
House of Arts.
After 1917 October Revolution, most members of the Elisseeff family fled from Russia. They, however, did not believe that the new rule would last long, so they left everything behind them. The legend has it that they hid most of their treasures in the walls of the house. These treasures were never found. 
In 1919-1923, Maxim Gorky established House of Arts in the former Elisseeff House. Following fashionable then modernism, it was abbreviated as "DISK" (from Russian "Dom Iskustv" - House of Arts). At times of Russian Civil War and post war devastation, apartments were provided artists, writers, poets and composers such as Viktor Shklovsky, Osip Mandelstam, Alexander Grin (who wrote the novel "Scarlet Sails" here), Olga Forsh (who wrote the novel "Palace and Prison" here). Korney Chukovsky, Mikhail Zoshchenko, Robert Rozhdestvensky, Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin worked here. House of Arts hosted poet studio led by Nikolay Gumilyov. This is where he was arrested on August 3, 1921 and later executed. During these difficult years the book printing was very limited, and House of Arts plays important role in the cultural life of the city through "Literature Evenings". These were gathering where Alexander Blok, Maxim Gorky, Vladimir Mayakovsky, Andrei Bely, Anna Achmatova, Fyodor Sologub and Herbert Wells participated and read their works. Olga Forsh described the life in House of Arts in her novel "Crazy Ship".
Barrikada.
In 1923, the cinema theater "Light ribbon" was opened in the building. In 1931 it was renamed as "Barrikada". During the 1920s, the young Dmitri Shostakovich, then a student at Leningrad Conservatory, worked as a pianist accompanying the silent films. However, he didn't last long at this job. He was fired as he was distracting the audience from the films with his piano playing.
Barrikada remained open even during the Siege of Leningrad. It was screening war documentaries and pre-war movies. The fact that the cinema stayed open during the siege became an important symbol for the city, as well as a source of information.
Barrikada operated until the late 1980s. By then the deteriorated condition of the building forced its closure. In 1998 the money for repairs were found and the theatre was open again.
In 2006 the building was closed for 'reconstruction'. However, in June 2007, it became known that the historical building was demolished. In place of the original building, a new one was erected, looking similar to the Chicherin House. It is believed that the building had to be re-constructed to allow for a swimming pool to be installed on the roof for the guests staying at the lucrative hotel. The original interiors of the building have been lost in this reconstruction.

</doc>
<doc id="20646561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646561" title="Bârlad Plateau">
Bârlad Plateau

Bârlad Plateau () is a geographic area in E Romania. It is the south central part of the Moldavian Plateau. Although occasionally has heights over 500 m, it is generally sloped from north at 400 m to the south at 200 m. 
The river Bârlad and its tributaries have cut in it the northern part of the Bârlad plateau, which sometimes is called "Podişul Central Moldovenesc", a term that can be easily confused with the reserved term "Podişul Moldovei Centrale" (in English both translate as the Central Moldavian Plateau). The northern-most hill formation (edge) is called the Iaşi Ridge (). Other parts of the Bârlad Plateau:

</doc>
<doc id="20646574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646574" title="Index of the Collectivity of Saint Martin-related articles">
Index of the Collectivity of Saint Martin-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the French overseas collectivity of Saint Martin.
Q.
Related readings
Baldachino, Godfrey (2006), "The Impact of Public Policy on Entrepreneurship: A Critical Investigation of the Protestant Ethic on a Divided Island Jurisdiction," Journal of Small Business and Entrepreneurship 19 (4), pp. 419-430.
Dana, Leo Paul (1990), “Saint Martin/Sint Maarten: A Case Study of the Effects of Politics and Culture on Economic Development,” Journal of Small Business Management XXVIII (4) October, pp. 91-98.
Dana, Leo Paul (2010), Entrepreneurship & Religion, Cheltenham, United Kingdom: Edward Elgar, ISBN 978-1-84720-572-8.
Houston, Lynn Marie (2005). Food Culture in the Caribbean. Greenwood Press, 2005. ISBN 0-313-32764-5.

</doc>
<doc id="20646584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646584" title="Palm River, Florida">
Palm River, Florida

Palm River is an unincorporated community located in Hillsborough County, Florida. It shares its name with the Palm River, a waterway sided with trail. Palm River boundaries include McKay Bay to the west, Tampa city limits to the north, the Clair Mel to the east, and Progress Village to the south.
Situation.
The community is combined with Clair Mel to form the census-designated place of Palm River-Clair Mel, thus no data was available separately. The community is served by a 33619 ZIP Code.
Geography.
Palm River is located at 27.942 North, 82.397 West, or about 4 miles east-southeast of Tampa. The elevation of the community is 10 feet above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20646586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646586" title="Gavriil Munteanu">
Gavriil Munteanu

Gavriil Munteanu (born February, 1812, Vingard - died December 17/29, 1869, Braşov) was a Romanian scientist and translator. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20646599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646599" title="Dambyn Chagdarjav">
Dambyn Chagdarjav

Dambyn Chagdarjav (Mongolian: Дамбын Чагдаржав; 1880 – August 31, 1922) was a Mongolian revolutionary figure who was one of the “first seven” founders of the Mongolian People's Party (MPP). He was named prime minister of Mongolia’s provisional government at the first MPP Congress but held the office for just over a month, from March to April 1921, before being relieved of his duties. In the spring of 1922 a power struggle led to his being accused of conspiring to overthrow the government. He was arrested and executed along with prime minister Bodoo on August 31, 1922.
Early life and career.
Chagdarjav was born in 1880 in present-day Selenge Province. He was a member of the quasi-provisional government established in Khüree in 1911 as Manchu control over the country collapsed and was later appointed Minister of Finance under the Bogd Khan's first government. He took part in negotiations during the Kyakhta Conference in which Mongolia sought international recognition of its status as an independent state, but ultimately had to settle for recognition of a "de facto" autonomy under Chinese auspices.
Leaving government service in 1915, Chagdarjav pursued a career as a private trader traveling to Great Britain, Italy and Russia in 1916-1917.
Formation of the MPRP.
In 1919 Chagdarjav joined the secret revolutionary organization at Konsulyn Denj (a.k.a. Consulate Hill) headed by Dogsomyn Bodoo in Khüree (present-day Ulaanbaatar). Together with Khorloogiin Choibalsan and Darizavyn Losol he formed the basic nucleus of the group which joined with Damdin Sükhbaatar's "Züün Hüree" organization in June 1920 to form the Mongolian People's Party(MPP).
Chagdrajav was one of seven revolutionaries (the famous "First Seven") chosen to travel to the USSR in June 1920 to establish contact with the Soviets. Other delegates included Soliin Danzan, Dansrabilegiin Dogsom, Damdin Sükhbaatar, Khorloogiin Choibalsan, Dogsomyn Bodoo and Darizavyn Losol. Chagdrajav and Danzan traveled together to Moscow where they met Vladimir Lenin.
Head of Provisional Government.
Chagdarjav was appointed prime minister of the provisional revolutionary government established at a secret MPP meeting in the Russian-Mongolian border town of Troitskosavsk from March 1–3, 1921 (later known as the First Party Congress of the MPRP). However, just over a month later, on April 16, 1921 he was relieved of his duties and dispatched as the party's representative to Urianhay (Tuva). Bodoo then took over as both Prime Minister and Foreign Minister.
Death.
The victory of revolution of 1921 soon led to strife within the party as various factions jockeyed for power, particularly between Soliin Danzan and Prime Minister Bodoo. In 1922 Danzan accused Bodoo, Chagdarjav and others of plotting with the charismatic independence leader Ja Lama as well as with the Chinese and Americans, to undermine the revolution and establish an autocratic government. Despite Bodoo's resignation from government on January 7, 1922 Danzan nevertheless pursued the charges. Chagdarjav, Bodoo, Da Lama, Puntsagdorj and other former ministers were arrested and interrogated by a Russian agent. Chagdarjav and Bodoo were executed on August 31, 1922. The deaths of Chagdarjav and Bodoo are generally viewed as the first in a series of political purges that would take place in Mongolia through the 1920s and 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20646601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646601" title="Koneenica Banerjee">
Koneenica Banerjee

Koneenica Banerjee () (born 21 May 1980 in Kolkata) 
Early life.
Koneenika is a commerce graduate from the Sivanath Sastri College, an affiliated college of the University of Calcutta. She started her acting career in a television. Her debut appearance was in a soap named Swapnanil telecasted in Zee Bangla. Her first big screen appearance was Moloy Bhattacharjee's film Tin Ekke Tin.

</doc>
<doc id="20646605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646605" title="Rikku">
Rikku

Concept and creation.
Rikku was designed by Tetsuya Nomura, who also designed other characters from "Final Fantasy X" and "X-2". She is voiced by Tara Strong and Marika Matsumoto in the English and Japanese versions respectively. Rikku's outfit changed from a casual outfit to a skimpier outfit from "Final Fantasy X" to "X-2". Tetsu Tsukamoto, the alternate costume designer, explains that the change could come from the changes in Spira from the two titles from a "darker, religious feel". The decision to pick Rikku as one of the three female leads came early on in the design process of "X-2", due to the developers challenging themselves to create an all-female character party. Yuna and Rikku were the original choices, while a third original character was created to complete the trio. It was rumoured that Square Enix planned to have two sequels to "Final Fantasy X" - one starring Yuna and one starring Rikku. However, the developers later elaborated that there would be no such "Rikku Version", and it was just a rumour that arose during development.
Tara Strong was cast as Rikku by the game's English version voice director Jack Fletcher, who had worked with her in other roles before. To prepare for the role, she was given the original recordings of Rikku's Japanese voice actor, as well as a description of her from Fletcher and the writers. Strong found it easy to fit Rikku's personality, due to it being fairly straightforward. She found the most challenging part of voicing Rikku to be dubbing the lines to make the characters' voices sound more real. The Al Bhed language was created beforehand, having to be told on a word-by-word basis of what each word means.
Appearances.
"Final Fantasy".
In "Final Fantasy X", Rikku is a 15-year-old Al Bhed who helps Tidus when he first arrives in Spira, but then disappears from the story for a while, becoming the last character to join Yuna's entourage of guardians. She is bilingual, able to speak both Spiran (English or Japanese, depending on the region) and Al Bhed fluently. Rikku's character class is most similar to that of the Thief from earlier "Final Fantasy" titles, combined with the Chemist class. She can steal a large variety of items from fiends and bosses alike, many of which can only be acquired through theft. She also is able to dismantle Machina with her "Steal" ability. Once Rikku permanently joins the party, the group gains the ability to customize weapons. Her attitude is somewhat childish, but is also quite cheerful and positive. Rikku is also highly intelligent, being bilingual and skilled in chemistry. An Al Bhed, she is also Yuna's cousin and loves her dearly, and, as such, wishes to prevent her from going through with her pilgrimage, becoming particularly insistent as the party climbs Mount Gagazet toward Zanarkand. She is also the one who informs Tidus that Yuna will die should she summon her Final Aeon. In battle, Rikku uses a variety of claw-like weapons. After the Calm, Rikku visited Yuna at Besaid often before the events of "X-2".
Rikku returns in "Final Fantasy X-2" as a main protagonist, now 17 years-old and prominently featured as a Thief. She was also the one who convinced Yuna to leave Besaid on a journey after showing her a mysterious sphere featuring a person resembling Tidus.
Other appearances.
Rikku also appears alongside Yuna and Paine in "Kingdom Hearts II" as a miniature fairy version of herself wearing modified versions of her "Final Fantasy X-2" attire; much like her "Final Fantasy X-2" self, Rikku is a bit ditzy and good-natured as well as a treasure fanatic like her teammates. "Itadaki Street Special" features a miniature Rikku in her "Final Fantasy X-2" outfit, along with Yuna and Paine.
Several figurines of Rikku were releassed by various manfucaturers, including by Coca Cola and Square Soft in 2000 (two), Kotobukiya in 2001, Bandai in 2002, 2003 and 2005, "Hobby Japan" in 2003, Kotabukiya and Square Enix in 2003, Square Enix in 2003 (three) and 2006, and Square Enix and Amono Shiro in 2008. A special PlayStation memory card was also released by Hori in 2003.
Reception.
Rikku was critically well received, in large part because of her physical attractiveness. She has won the award for "Hottest Character" in G4's 2004 "G-Phoria" awards show and the "Viewers' Choice: Baddest Good Girl" on G4's "Video Game Vixens" in 2005. Her English version voice actor, Tara Strong, has received mostly positive reception for her portrayal of Rikku in both "Final Fantasy X" and "X-2", winning an award for "Outstanding Character Performance - Female" at the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences's Interactive Achievement Awards.
In 2008, GameDaily ranked Rikku as the 15th "hottest game babe" for her as spirited personality, excellent figure and knack for mechanics. In 2010, UGO.com included her on the list of the "hottest video game girls", while "Complex" ranked her, along with Yuna and Paine, at 20th place on their list of the "hottest women in video games". In 2012, "PLAY" ranked her as the fifth "hottest" blonde in games.
In 2007, Rikku was included by Tom's Games among the 50 greatest female characters in video game history. In 2008, GameDaily included Rikku in their list of "ten babes who should meet your mom", citing her good sense of humour, but 1UP.com used her as an example of the "perky idiot" character type. That same year, "Chip" ranked her as the 18th top "girl of gaming". In 2013, Rikku was voted the 13th most popular female "Final Fantasy" character in an official poll by Square Enix. The character has became a popular subject of cosplay.

</doc>
<doc id="20646623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646623" title="Alan Wilkins (playwright)">
Alan Wilkins (playwright)

Alan Wilkins is an Edinburgh based Scots playwright. His first professionally produced play was "Ball or Scoop", which opened at the Benaki Museum in April 2004 and then toured the Highlands and islands of Scotland. The play was set in a Highland bothy and features five hill walkers sheltering from a storm. He received the Critics' Awards for Theatre in Scotland Best New Play Award in 2008 for "Carthage Must Be Destroyed", and has since had two other plays produced.
Life.
Wilkins was brought up in Edinburgh. Before his professional debut as a playwright, he worked as an actor and taught English as a Foreign Language in Poland and Spain. Whilst in Spain, he wrote his first play, "Childish Things". He sent it to the Traverse and it received a public reading. Encouraged, he wrote his second play, "Cafeteria/Restaurant", which received a reading at the Tron Theatre in Glasgow. The Traverse commissioned him to write "The Nest", which became his first produced play.
At the time of his debut, Wilkins was working as a drama teacher at Inverkeithing High School, Edinburgh. His next play "Carthage Must Be Destroyed", set in a 2nd-century Roman bathhouse, opened at the Traverse in May 2007 and explored the themes of "power, politics, and decadence, set against the improbable background of the Third Punic War, in 149BC." and won the Critics' Awards for Theatre in Scotland (CATS) Best New Play award for 2007-2008. The citation said "'A mature, meaty, engrossing drama about power, politics and decadence, Alan Wilkins "Carthage Must Be Destroyed" was a gripping indictment of the corruptions of Empire." It was also produced by the Theatre Royal in Bath.
In 2008, Wilkins scripted "Can We Live With You?" for Lung Ha's theatre company, which works with people with learning disabilities. The play was performed at the Traverse in April 2008. "Offshore", produced by Birds of Paradise, was a play set against the background of the decline of the Scottish fishing industry and its effect on small communities. Wilkins used his own background, working as a barman in Wester Ross, as background material. It played in Edinburgh and on tour in the autumn of 2008. Wilkins has also taught on the Masters of Literature programme at the University of Glasgow and is a doctoral student at that institution. In 2008, he led a play-writing course for inmates at Polmont young offenders' institution, the results of which were performed at the Traverse in December 2008. Wilkins has also worked with Dundee Repertory Theatre, the Aldeburgh Festival and was funded by the Scottish Arts Council to represent his country as a tutor / playwright at the 2006 Interplay Festival in Leichenstein.
Works.
Wilkins has had four plays produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20646624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646624" title="Western Maryland Railway Station (Cumberland, Maryland)">
Western Maryland Railway Station (Cumberland, Maryland)

Western Maryland Railway Station is a historic railway station in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It was built in 1913 as a stop for the Western Maryland Railway (WM). The building was operated as a passenger station until the WM ended service in 1959, and it continued to be used by the railway until 1976. It was subsequently restored and currently serves as a museum and offices, as well as the operating base for a heritage railway.
Description.
The station was designed by Baltimore architect C. M. Anderson, and sited on a filled-in basin at the terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal. The building is a large commercial-style building that expresses the architectural functionalism of the turn of the 20th century. The brick structure is nine bays long and three bays wide, with two monumental stories on the west facade and three stories on the east. A one-story platform shelter runs along the west facade and extends out toward the tracks.
History.
The WM began daily through-train passenger service between Baltimore and Chicago, by way of Cumberland, on June 15, 1913. For several years the premier trains on the route, the "Chicago Limited" and "Baltimore Limited," featured Pullman sleeping car service. Other WM trains ran between Cumberland and Elkins, West Virginia. The number and variety of passenger trains decreased through the years of the Great Depression and aftwerward. The WM ended its passenger train service between Cumberland and Baltimore in 1953, and the Cumberland-Elkins trains ended in 1959.
The WM used the upper floors of the station for its Western Division offices, and a control tower, even after the railroad's absorption into the Chessie System, until the dispatchers were reassigned in 1976. The building slowly fell into disrepair, and Chessie leased it, and later sold it to the Kelly Tire Company to store tires. The City of Cumberland subsequently bought the building for one dollar.
Restoration.
With the advent of the initiative in Cumberland to create a scenic railroad using the former WM trackage north out of the city, the station was partially restored in 1990. Full restoration did not begin, however, until the creation of the Canal Place Preservation and Development Authority in 1996. This restoration created a museum area for the National Park Service on the first floor; a waiting area, gift shop, and cafe on the second floor; and office spaces on the third and fourth floors. Exterior work included the construction of an elevator tower; third, display track; a second platform; handicapped passenger accessibility ramp; and the restoration of the platform shelters, WM employee memorial, and the pedestrian railroad underpass.
Today the building is part of a preservation district called Canal Place, a facility operated by the Canal Place Preservation and Development Authority. The station houses offices of the Authority, the Western Maryland Scenic Railroad, a visitors center for the C&O Canal National Historic Park, and leased offices to local officials and businesses.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20646627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646627" title="Chateau Frontenac Apartments">
Chateau Frontenac Apartments

The Chateau Frontenac Apartments was an apartment building located at 10410 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991, but was subsequently demolished.
Description.
The Chateau Frontenac was an eight-story apartment building constructed from buff brick, with off-white terra cotta details and a hipped roof of green Spanish tile. The building was Mediterranean Revival with some French Gothic accents, and covered an "E"-shaped plan area. The entranceway was through a tile-roofed projecting pavilion containing a terra cotta fountain with a dolphin motif. Cartouches of terra cotta were placed between the top-floor windows, and decorative terra cotta eave brackets were beneath the roof. Three-sided multi-paned bay windows projected into the courtyard.
History.
The Chateau Frontenac Apartments was originally designed and owned by architect J. Will Wilson. However, Wilson apparently had financial troubles during the construction of the building, and he was forced to sell the building in 1927. The building had a succession of owners from that time until its eventual demolition.

</doc>
<doc id="20646630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646630" title="Alexandru Roman">
Alexandru Roman

Alexandru Roman (born November 26, 1826 in Aușeu - died September 15/27, 1897 in Sebeş) was a Romanian publisher and academic. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20646635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646635" title="Tidus">
Tidus

Tidus' character was designed by Tetsuya Nomura with the intention of having a cheerful appearance in contrast to previous "Final Fantasy" protagonists, while scenario writer Kazushige Nojima wanted to expand the relationship between the player and the character through the story. He is voiced by Masakazu Morita in Japanese and James Arnold Taylor in English.
The character has generally been well received by video game reviewers owing to his cheerful personality and heroic traits that made him an appealing protagonist. His character development and romantic relationship with Yuna has also been praised, and both have often been featured as one of the best ones in gaming. However, Taylor's voice acting mostly received criticism. Several types of merchandise based on Tidus' character have been produced, such as action figures and jewelry.
Appearances.
Final Fantasy X.
In "Final Fantasy X", Tidus is introduced "in medias res" via an in-game cutscene, showing the main characters around the ruins of a city, Zanarkand. He narrates most of the game events, revealing his thoughts on certain aspects of his journey. Tidus recounts how events have led to the present, starting at his life in Zanarkand where he was a sports celebrity in blitzball, a fictional underwater sport. Despite showing a cheerful and carefree attitude, Tidus bears an enormous hatred towards his absent father, Jecht, initially due to the fact his mother did not pay attention to him when he was around, and later for the pressure he had when playing blitzball due to the fact Jecht was also a celebrity. During a Blitzball tournament, Zanarkand is attacked by an immense, shrouded creature known as Sin. The city is destroyed in its path, and Tidus is taken by Sin and Jecht's friend Auron to the world Spira.
After arriving in Spira, Tidus drifts to the island Besaid. While on the island he meets Yuna, a summoner who is planning a pilgrimage to destroy Sin, along with her guardians: Lulu, Wakka, and Kimahri Ronso. Tidus joins them in the hope of finding his way home, and ultimately becomes one of Yuna's guardians, alongside Auron who reveals that Jecht became Sin. Ten years ago, Jecht and Auron did the same pilgrimage protecting summoner Braska, Yuna's father, to defeat it, but Jecht became the reborn Sin. As the journey continues, Tidus starts losing hope of returning home as he decides to stay with the other guardians and develops a romantic relationship with Yuna. As the party approaches Zanarkand, Tidus learns that he and the Zanarkand he hails from are the cumulative dreams of deceased people known as fayth. Dream Zanarkand was created at the same time as the destruction of the original Zanarkand, when Sin was created in the war between Zanarkand and Bevelle. However, if Sin is permanently defeated, the summoning of Dream Zanarkand and all its people—including Tidus—will disappear.
Inside Zanarkand, the group learns Yuna must choose one of her guardians to become her fayth for the Final Summoning. The group decides to find another way to destroy Sin forever and that should not involve the sacrifice of a guardian or a summoner. The group then attacks Sin directly and enter its shell. Eventually, they find Jecht, who they have to defeat to eliminate Sin. After killing the corrupt deity Yu Yevon responsible for Sin's rebirth, the fayth are allowed to depart and their summoning of Zanarkand ends. As he vanishes Tidus says farewell to his friends, and is reunited with the spirits of Auron, Jecht, and Braska in the Farplane. However, after the credits, Tidus is seen awakening under the sea.
Final Fantasy X-2.
Tidus figures prominently into the plot of "Final Fantasy X-2", though his appearances in the sequel are few. Also, because players have the option of renaming Tidus in "Final Fantasy X", he is exclusively referred to with pronouns ("he" and "him") just like in the previous game. Two years after the events of "Final Fantasy X", Yuna sees a sphere displaying a young man who looks like Tidus trapped in a prison. This compels Yuna to join the Gullwings, a sphere-hunting group, and travel around Spira in the hopes of finding more clues that Tidus may be alive. The individual seen in the sphere is eventually revealed to be another man named Shuyin instead. Depending on the player's development during the game, the fayth will appear to Yuna in the game's ending, telling her they can make Tidus return to her. Tidus then appears in Spira and is reunited with Yuna. Although another final scene has Tidus unsure whether he is still a dream or not, he wishes to stay with her. He is also an unlockable character to play blitzball in the game but under the name of "Star Player". 
In the updated version of the game, "Final Fantasy X-2: International + Last Mission", Tidus appears as a playable character for battles. Additionally, an extra episode set after the original game's playthrough reveals that he is living in Besaid alongside Yuna while an illusion of him appears as a boss character. He is also set to appear in an audio drama from the "Final Fantasy X" and "Final Fantasy X-2" HD collection that features him a year after the events of the second game.
Other appearances.
Tidus has also appeared in games outside of the "Final Fantasy X" continuity. A more youthful version of Tidus appears in the "Kingdom Hearts" series as a friend of the protagonists Sora and Riku. In the first "Kingdom Hearts", he appears with younger versions of Wakka and "Final Fantasy VIII"s Selphie, serving as an optional sparring opponent. The character makes a cameo in "" and in "Kingdom Hearts II", he is briefly mentioned by Selphie. A digital replica of Tidus also appears in "Kingdom Hearts coded" as a boss character. Tidus appears in "Itadaki Street Special", a board game-based video game, along with Auron and Yuna. Tidus' dialogues, monologues and character songs were also included in the CDs "Final Fantasy X Vocal Collection" and "feel/Go dream: Yuna & Tidus".
In "Dissidia Final Fantasy", an action game that features several "Final Fantasy" heroes and villains, Tidus is featured as the hero from "Final Fantasy X" as a warrior from the goddess Cosmos while his father works for the other rival god, Chaos. To match the overall character designs of "Dissidia", Nomura designed Tidus to look younger than his "Final Fantasy X" appearance. Nevertheless, his original "Final Fantasy X" design is available as an alternative form. Various of his traits such as his thoughts and actions are references to "Final Fantasy X". Along the entire cast, Tidus reappears in the prequel "Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy", representing Chaos in the previous war. When confronted by Yuna, Tidus sacrifices his life to save her from an attack from the Emperor, but is saved by Jecht to later become a Warrior of Cosmos. Besides his previous outifits, Tidus has another design based on an illustration by Yoshitaka Amano. He is also featured in the rhythm game "Theatrhythm Final Fantasy" as a playable character representing "Final Fantasy X".
Creation and development.
The game's scenario writer, Kazushige Nojima, has expressed his concern regarding the relationship between the player and the main character in a "Final Fantasy" title, and wanted to try something new while penning "Final Fantasy X". Since both the player and the main character find themselves in a new world, Nojima wanted Tidus' understanding of the world to reflect the player's progress in the game; a connection that allowed the player to advance Tidus' first-person narration of most of "Final Fantasy X". Nojima created a brief description for Tidus to give the character designer, Tetsuya Nomura, a rough scenario to work with. Nomura used the description to create a sketch to get input from Nojima and other staff members. Nomura was also requested to design Tidus to look different from the game's theme in order to make him stand out. 
With the concept of the undead people used in the games, the staff wanted it to use it on one of the playable characters. Tidus was meant to be an undead person, but during development of "Final Fantasy X", Nojima watched a movie which used a similar idea with its protagonist. Therefore, Tidus was not an undead person during the game, and such role was given to Auron, as he was a secondary character. Nomura has expressed after designing serious and moody main characters for "Final Fantasy VII" and "Final Fantasy VIII", he wanted to give Tidus a cheerful attitude and appearance (while still keeping the recent trend of giving him a name related to the sky), which is reflected in the name Kazushige Nojima chose for him ("Tiida" is the Okinawan word for "Sun"). This is also shown in his personality with Nojima calling him "lively" and comparing him with "Final Fantasy VIII"s Laguna Loire and Zell Dincht. Initially, Tidus was going to be a rude plumber who was also part of a delinquent gang, but Kitase pointed it would make him a weak protagonist, so he was changed to a sports star. His relationship with his father was based "stories throughout the ages, such as the ancient Greek legends." This would eventually reveal the key of Sin's weakness and eventual defeat. 
Nomura has also mentioned a contrast between the lead male and female protagonists was established by Yuna's name meaning "night" in Okinawan. This contrast is also represented with the items required to empower their Celestial Weapons; the Sun Sigil and the Sun Crest for Tidus', and the Moon Sigil and Moon Crest for Yuna's. Nomura also explained he wanted his clothing and accessories to suggest a relationship with the sea. For example, his outfit bears a distinctive blue theme, and the symbol of Tidus' Blitzball team on his clothing is designed after a fishing hook. The symbol is designed as an amalgamation of the letters "J" and "T" (the first letters of Tidus' name and that of his father, Jecht). Due to the player having the option to change his default name, Tidus is never directly referred to by name during audible dialogue, though one character in Dream Zanarkand says his name in a dialogue box. The only other in-game appearance of his name is on a name plate on an Auroch locker in the Luca stadium as "Tidu", written in the fictional script used in Spira. Prior to "Final Fantasy X"s release, Tidus was referred by publications as "Tida". During early 2001, PlayOnline changed the name to "Tidus". Because his name is never spoken out loud in "Final Fantasy X", its intended pronunciation has been a subject of debate among fans. Interviews with James Arnold Taylor, Tidus' English voice actor, and spoken dialogue from the English versions of "Dissidia", "Dissidia 012", and "Kingdom Hearts"—which featured the character in a cameo—portray it as , whereas one instance in the English version of "Kingdom Hearts 2" exists in which the character's name is pronounced .
For the sequel, "Final Fantasy X-2", producer Yoshinori Kitase thought that the fans' biggest expectations of the game was a reunion between Tidus and Yuna after their separation in the first game. The game generated multiple rumors about Tidus' connection with the villain, Shuyin. In response, Square found answering that would be too complicated due to Tidus' nature.
In Japanese Tidus has been voiced by Masakazu Morita who stated that playing such character was one of the best experiences in his career thanks to the fact he also did the motion capture for him. This gave him greater understanding of the character's personality and was able to connect himself with him to the point that when Morita did Tidus' dialogues in the recording of the game he also moved his own body. James Arnold Taylor did the character's English voice and stated that it did not seem realistic to him to have Tidus react in any other way than to truthfully show his emotions. While he also said there were things he would change about his performance if he could do it over again, Taylor stated he enjoyed voicing Tidus and thanked fans of the game for complimenting him on his work.
Reception.
Tidus has also had various types of merchandise modeled after his likeness; for example, action figures and jewelry. In commemoration of the franchise's 20th anniversary, Square released figurines of him alongside other "Final Fantasy" protagonists. Tidus has received positive reception with GameSpy describing him as a "garishly dressed Leonardo DiCaprio", commenting that his flaws are what make him appealing. PSXextreme's Arnold Katayev liked Tidus' personality which contrasts the ones from previous "Final Fantasy" protagonists. His role as the male lead was found outstanding in comparison to previous characters by GameZone due to his "perpetual feel of youth and innocence". The 1UP.com staff initially described him as the "good kind of jock" due to how he supports the other protagonists of the game and yet they noted that his anger and his growth throughout the game avoided him from being a "stereotypical boy scout". Although GameSpot's Greg Kasavin commented players might not initially like the character, they would eventually find him "suitably endearing." Furthermore, he stated that he had the "surprising depth" characterized by past "Final Fantasy" protagonists, and called the ending involving Tidus "emotionally charged and satisfying". Eurogamer's Tom Brawell stated that Tidus and the other characters "make much more dignified and believable decisions than those made by their predecessors in other "Final Fantasy" games."
Tidus was also listed as the fourth best "Final Fantasy" hero of all the time by GamesRadar who described him as "One of the most complex and bizarre heroes yet seen in the series", while in another article they referred to his look as androgynous. In a "Famitsu" poll done in February 2010, Tidus was voted by readers as the twentieth most popular video game character. GameZone listed him as the third best "Final Fantasy" character praising his energetic personality and his actions across "Final Fantasy X" that make him "the true star of the title". Tidus' revelation of his real nature in the game's ending was third in a 1UP article of video game spoilers; such event was stated to have reduced " at least two 1UP staffers to a state of misty-eyed mourning" yet they criticized how Tidus' resurrection in the sequel makes his fate unrealistic. On the other hand, GamesRadar found Tidus' fate in the first game confusing as in the epilogue he appears alive despite having previously disappeared, and such scene is not explained until the sequel's ending. Matthew Walker from Cheat Code Central commented that the game's final scene was meant to give hope that Tidus was alive, the ending still felt sad.
Tidus was also compared to Squall Leonhart, the protagonist from "Final Fantasy VIII". IGN noted the differences in appearances between the two, comparing Squall's darker colored outfit and "permanent mope" against Tidus' brighter outfit and weapon along with "an indelible grin". Additionally, Gamasutra thought that Tidus' character was more entertaining than Squall's despite being "a bit whiny". 1UP listed him as the worst dressed video game character, citing a "deal with it" outfit design by Nomura. They further commented that despite the "preposterous" design, Square was able to "successfully sell" Tidus as "Final Fantasy X"s main protagonist. His "Dissidia" outfit was noted by 1UP to be consistent with other outfits by Nomura due to the number of accessories it has. Because of his English-language voice work, GameSpot commented it would have preferred "an almost-mute lead character, a la Squall from "Final Fantasy VIII"." Regarding the character's English-language voice work, IGN stated the character "has a tendency to speak a little too high and fast when he gets excited." RPGamer criticized Taylor's work, stating that while Tidus is supposed to sound "impulsive and energetic", his dialogue leaves him as "stupid and childish", while Eurogamer echoed similar statements by referring to his voice acting as "whiny" and "detestable". On the other hand, PSXextreme found that Taylor does a good work voicing Tidus. He was also featured fifth in 1UP's "The Top 5 Most Irriating RPG Protagonists" with criticism focused on his relationship with his father and his outfit. Matthew Walker noted that while in the climax Tidus still told his father he hated him, he actually came to appreciate him despite his initial feelings.
The relationship between Tidus and Yuna was listed by GameSpot as one of the "Great Loves" in video games. It referred to their relationship as "one of the best (and ultimately saddest) examples" of a mature romance in games and cited the progression of the romance throughout the story as one of the game's best elements. In a general overview of the romances from "Final Fantasy", Gaming Age stated that "Final Fantasy X" had "the sparks fly" between Tidus' and Yuna's relationship. GamesRadar listed their relationship as the tenth best romance in gaming as well the second best romance in Square Enix game, commenting on "that they have the most realistic relation", and noted that despite the sacrifices they go through in the series, they still look for a chance to be together. Kotaku listed the relationship second in the "Gaming's Top Five Love Stories" by Mike Fahey who stated that the popularity of their relationship and the fact Tidus fades away in the game's ending was what forced Square to make its direct sequel so that the two characters could meet once again. Gamasutra featured it fifth in their list by Leigh Alexander who despite citing Tidus as a "forgettable hero" praised the importance of his and Yuna's relation in the game's story. Both Tidus and Yuna also won the "Best Couple of the Year" award from "Game Informer" in 2001. Yuna's English voice actress, Hedy Burress, commented that thanks to Tidus' interactions with Yuna gave her character a more "womanly aspect", and thus, more humanizing.

</doc>
<doc id="20646640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646640" title="Anna-Karin Hatt">
Anna-Karin Hatt

Anna-Karin Hatt (born 7 December 1972) is a Swedish politician who has served as Minister for IT and Energy since 2011, having previously served as Minister for IT and Regional Affairs from 2010 to 2011. She is a member of the Centre Party and since 2006 the party's state secretary in the central coordination office of the Government of Sweden.
Biography.
Anna-Karin Hatt, born Andersson on December 7, 1972 and raised in Hylte municipality in Halland County, was from 1994-1998 part of the national board of the Center Party Youth League, and the 1995-1998 President of the Nordic Center Youth League. In the early 1990s Hatt studied political science, international relations and conflict and peace studies at the University of Gothenburg.
Hatt has been writing editorials in "Hallands Nyheter" and "Södermanlands Nyheter" in 1995 and became Permanent Secretary of the Center Party International Foundation. From 2000 she was Vice President of the Stockholm-based public relations agency Kind & Partners. She returned to politics in late 2003, when Maud Olofsson appointed her chief of staff for the Center Party, gave her a key role in the development of the Alliance election platform for the parliamentary election of 2006. During that time she assisted Maud Olofsson in writing the book "Min dröm för Sverige", published in 2006.
Personal life.
The magazine Focus designated her as Sweden's 95th most powerful person in 2008.
Hatt was married to Ola Alterå from 1996 to 2002 and was then married to Greger Hatt from 2009 to 2011. She has three children, born in 1997, 2002 and 2011. She lives in southern Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="20646651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646651" title="Ion G. Sbiera">
Ion G. Sbiera

Ion G. Sbiera (born November 1, 1835 in Horodnic de Jos - died October 22, 1916 in Chernivtsi) was a Romanian foklorist. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20646656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646656" title="Paulo Frederico Benevenute">
Paulo Frederico Benevenute

Paulão (literally "Elder Paulo") real name Paulo Frederico Benevenute, also known as Paulão Desmaio (born 26 December 1973) is a Brazilian footballer.
Biography.
Born in Santo André, São Paulo state, Paulão played a season for São Paulo FC in 1999 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A. He then played a season in Portugal for Vitória de Guimarães and moved back to Santa Cruz in August 2001. He played for Juventude in the next season, and left for Guarani in 2003. In October 2003 he left for Al Khor. In January 2005, he returned to Brazil and signed a contract until the end of 2005 Campeonato Paulista with Atlético Sorocaba. He then played for Série A side Vasco da Gama and Grêmio Barueri of Série B, and also played for Rio Branco Esporte Clube at 2007 Campeonato Paulista.
He plays for Rio Branco.

</doc>
<doc id="20646667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646667" title="Ioan Străjescu">
Ioan Străjescu

Ioan Străjescu (1833 - 1873) was a Romanian politician. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20646679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646679" title="Lightning rod">
Lightning rod

A lightning rod (US, AUS) or lightning conductor (UK) is a metal rod or metallic object mounted on top of an elevated structure, such as a building, a ship, or even a tree, electrically bonded using a wire or electrical conductor to interface with ground or "earth" through an electrode, engineered to protect the structure in the event of lightning strike. If lightning hits the structure, it will preferentially strike the rod and be conducted to ground through the wire, instead of passing through the structure, where it could start a fire or cause electrocution. 
A "lightning rod" is a single component in a "lightning protection system". Lightning rods are also called "finials", "air terminals" or "strike termination devices". The lightning rod requires a connection to earth to perform its protective function. Lightning rods come in many different forms, including hollow, solid, pointed, rounded, flat strips or even bristle brush-like. The main attribute common to all lightning rods is that they are conductive. 
Copper and its alloys are the most common materials used in lightning protection.
History.
The lightning rod was invented by Benjamin Franklin in North America in 1749, and in Europe, probably independently and as the first grounded lightning rod ever, by the Czech priest Prokop Diviš in Bohemia (now Czech Republic), in 1754.
As buildings become taller, lightning becomes more of a threat. Lightning can damage structures made of most materials (masonry, wood, concrete and steel) as the huge currents involved can heat materials to high temperature, causing a potential for fire.
Asia.
Some of the most ancient lightning conductors can be found in Sri Lanka in places like the Anuradhapura Kingdom that dates back thousands of years. The Sinhalese kings, who mastered construction of stupas and advanced building structures, installed a metal tip made of silver or copper on the highest point of every building to conduct any lightning charge. In many parts of the world, ancient Buddhist monuments have been destroyed by lightning strikes, but not in Sri Lanka.
Russia.
A lightning conductor may have been intentionally used in the Leaning Tower of Nevyansk. The spire of the tower is crowned with a metallic rod in the shape of a gilded sphere with spikes. This lightning rod is grounded through the rebar carcass, which pierces the entire building. 
The Nevyansk Tower was built between 1725 and 1732, on the orders of industrialist Akinfiy Demidov. The Nevyansk Tower was built 25 years before Benjamin Franklin's experiment and scientific explanation. However, the true intent behind the metal rooftop and rebars remains unknown.
Europe.
The church tower of many European cities, which was usually the highest structure in the city, was likely to be hit by lightning. Early on, Christian churches tried to prevent the occurrence of the damaging effects of lightning by prayers. Peter Ahlwardts ("Reasonable and Theological Considerations about Thunder and Lightning", 1745) advised individuals seeking cover from lightning to go anywhere except in or around a church. In Europe, the lightning rod may have been independently invented by Czech Premonstratensian priest Prokop Diviš between 1750 to 1754. Diviš then placed the first grounded lightning rod ever in his garden in Přímětice near Znojmo in 1754.
United States.
In what later became the United States, the pointed lightning rod conductor, also called a "lightning attractor" or "Franklin rod," was invented by Benjamin Franklin in 1749 as part of his groundbreaking exploration of electricity. Although not the first to suggest a correlation between electricity and lightning, Franklin was the first to propose a workable system for testing his hypothesis. Franklin speculated that, with an iron rod sharpened to a point,
Franklin speculated about lightning rods for several years before his reported kite experiment. This experiment, it is said, took place because he was tired of waiting for Christ Church in Philadelphia to be completed so he could place a lightning rod on top of it.
In the 19th century, the lightning rod became a decorative motif. Lightning rods were embellished with ornamental glass balls (now prized by collectors). The ornamental appeal of these glass balls has been used in weather vanes. The main purpose of these balls, however, is to provide evidence of a lightning strike by shattering or falling off. If after a storm a ball is discovered missing or broken, the property owner should then check the building, rod, and grounding wire for damage. 
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships and other objects. The idea was that glass objects, being non-conductors, are seldom struck by lightning. Therefore, goes the theory, there must be something about glass that repels lightning. Hence the best method for preventing a lightning strike to a wooden ship was to bury a small solid glass ball in the tip of the highest mast. The random behavior of lightning combined with observers' confirmation bias ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin's initial work. 
The first lightning conductors on ships were supposed to be hoisted when lightning was anticipated, and had a low success rate. In 1820 William Snow Harris invented a successful system for fitting lightning protection to the wooden sailing ships of the day, but despite successful trials which began in 1830, the British Royal Navy did not adopt the system until 1842, by which time the Imperial Russian Navy had already adopted the system.
Nikola Tesla's was an improvement in lightning protectors. The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin's original theory of operation; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself, rendering the air conductive, which in turn raises the probability of a strike. In 1919, many years after receiving his patent, Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter entitled "Famous Scientific Illusions", in which he explains the logic of Franklin's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus.
In the 1990s, the 'lightning points' were replaced as originally constructed when the statue of Freedom atop the United States Capitol building in Washington, D.C. was restored. The statue was designed with multiple devices that are tipped with platinum. The Washington Monument also was equipped with multiple lightning points, and the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor gets hit by lightning, which is shunted to ground.
Lightning protection system.
A "lightning protection system" is designed to protect a structure from damage due to lightning strikes by intercepting such strikes and safely passing their extremely high currents to ground. A lightning protection system includes a network of air terminals, bonding conductors, and ground electrodes designed to provide a low impedance path to ground for potential strikes.
Lightning protection systems are used to prevent or lessen lightning strike damage to structures. Lightning protection systems mitigate the fire hazard which lightning strikes pose to structures. A lightning protection system provides a low-impedance path for the lightning current to lessen the heating effect of current flowing through flammable structural materials. If lightning travels through porous and water-saturated materials, these materials may literally explode if their water content is flashed to steam by heat produced from the high current. This is why trees are often shattered by lightning strikes.
Because of the high energy and current levels associated with lightning (currents can be in excess of 150,000 amps), and the very rapid rise time of a lightning strike, no protection system can guarantee absolute safety from lightning. Lightning current will divide to follow every conductive path to ground, and even the divided current can cause damage. Secondary "side-flashes" can be enough to ignite a fire, blow apart brick, stone, or concrete, or injure occupants within a structure or building. However, the benefits of basic lightning protection systems have been evident for well over a century.
Laboratory-scale measurements of the effects of lightning investigation research do not scale to applications involving natural lightning. Field applications have mainly been derived from trial and error based on the best intended laboratory research of a highly complex and variable phenomena.
The parts of a lightning protection system are air terminals (lightning rods or strike termination devices), bonding conductors, ground terminals (ground or "earthing" rods, plates, or mesh), and all of the connectors and supports to complete the system. The air terminals are typically arranged at or along the upper points of a roof structure, and are electrically bonded together by bonding conductors (called "down conductors" or "downleads"), which are connected by the most direct route to one or more grounding or earthing terminals. Connections to the earth electrodes must not only have low resistance, but must have low self-inductance.
An example of a structure vulnerable to lightning is a wooden barn. When lightning strikes the barn, the wooden structure and its contents may be ignited by the heat generated by lightning current conducted through parts of the structure. A basic lightning protection system would provide a conductive path between an air terminal and earth, so that most of the lightning's current will follow the path of the lightning protection system, with substantially less current traveling through flammable materials.
A controversy over the assortment of operation theories dates back to the 18th century, when Franklin himself stated that his lightning protectors protected buildings by dissipating electric charge. He later retracted the statement, stating that the device's exact mode of operation was something of a mystery at that point.
Originally, scientists believed that such a lightning protection system of air terminals and "downleads" directed the current of the lightning down into the earth to be "dissipated". However, high speed photography has clearly demonstrated that lightning is actually composed of both a cloud component and an oppositely charged ground component. During "cloud-to-ground" lightning, these oppositely charged components usually "meet" somewhere in the atmosphere well above the earth to equalize previously unbalanced charges. The heat generated as this electrical current flows through flammable materials is the hazard which lightning protection systems attempt to mitigate by providing a low-resistance path for the lightning circuit. No lightning protection system can be relied upon to "contain" or "control" lightning completely (nor thus far, to prevent lightning strikes entirely), but they do seem to help immensely on most occasions of lightning strikes.
Steel framed structures can bond the structural members to earth to provide lightning protection. A metal flagpole with its foundation in the earth is its own extremely simple lightning protection system. However, the flag(s) flying from the pole during a lightning strike may be completely incinerated.
The majority of lightning protection systems in use today are of the traditional Franklin design. The fundamental principle used in Franklin-type lightning protections systems is to provide a sufficiently low impedance path for the lightning to travel through to reach ground without damaging the building. This is accomplished by surrounding the building in a kind of Faraday cage. A system of lightning protection conductors and lightning rods are installed on the roof of the building to intercept any lightning before it strikes the building.
Structure protectors.
Lightning arrester.
In telegraphy and telephony, a lightning arrester is placed where wires enter a structure, preventing damage to electronic instruments within and ensuring the safety of individuals near them. Lightning arresters, also called surge protectors, are devices that are connected between each electrical conductor in a power or communications system, and the Earth. They prevent the flow of the normal power or signal currents to ground, but provide a path over which high-voltage lightning current flows, bypassing the connected equipment. Their purpose is to limit the rise in voltage when a communications or power line is struck by lightning or is near to a lightning strike.
Protection of electric distribution systems.
In overhead electric transmission (high-tension) systems, one or two lighter gauge conductors may be mounted to the top of the pylons, poles, or towers not specifically used to send electricity through the grid. These conductors, often referred to "static", "pilot" or "shield" wires are designed to be the point of lightning termination instead of the high-voltage lines themselves. These conductors are intended to protect the primary power conductors from lightning strikes. 
These conductors are bonded to earth either through the metal structure of a pole or tower, or by additional ground electrodes installed at regular intervals along the line. As a general rule, overhead power lines with voltages below 50 kV do not have a "static" conductor, but most lines carrying more than 50 kV do. The ground conductor cable may also support fibre optic cables for data transmission.
In some instances, these conductors are insulated from direct bonding with earth and may be used as low voltage communication lines. If the voltage exceeds a certain threshold, such as during a lightning termination to the conductor, it "jumps" the insulators and passes to earth.
Protection of electrical substations is as varied as lightning rods themselves, and is often proprietary to the electric company.
Lightning protection of mast radiators.
Radio mast radiators may be insulated from the ground by a gap at the base. When lightning hits the mast, it jumps this gap. A small inductivity in the feed line between the mast and the tuning unit (usually one winding) limits the voltage increase, protecting the transmitter from dangerously high voltages.
The transmitter must be equipped with a device to monitor the antenna's electrical properties. This is very important, as a charge could remain after a lightning strike, damaging the gap or the insulators.
The monitoring device switches off the transmitter when the antenna shows incorrect behavior, e.g. as a result of undesired electrical charge. When the transmitter is switched off, these charges dissipate. The monitoring device makes several attempts to switch back on. If after several attempts the antenna continues to show improper behavior, possibly as result of structural damage, the transmitter remains switched off.
Lightning conductors and grounding precautions.
Ideally, the underground part of the assembly should reside in an area of high ground conductivity. If the underground cable is able to resist corrosion well, it can be covered in salt to improve its electrical connection with the ground. While the electrical resistance of the lightning conductor between the air terminal and the Earth is of significant concern, the inductive reactance of the conductor could be more important. For this reason, the down conductor route is kept short, and any curves have a large radius. If these measures are not taken, lightning current may arc over a resistive or reactive obstruction that it encounters in the conductor. At the very least, the arc current will damage the lightning conductor and can easily find another conductive path, such as building wiring or plumbing, and cause fires or other disasters. Grounding systems without low resistivity to the ground can still be effective in protecting a structure from lightning damage. When ground soil has poor conductivity, is very shallow, or non-existent, a grounding system can be augmented by adding ground rods, counterpoise (ground ring) conductor, cable radials projecting away from the building, or a concrete building's reinforcing bars can be used for a ground conductor (Ufer Ground). These additions, while still not reducing the resistance of the system in some instances, will allow the of the lightning into the earth without damage to the structure.
Additional precautions must be taken to prevent side-flashes between conductive objects on or in the structure and the lightning protection system. The surge of lightning current through a lightning protection conductor will create a voltage difference between it and any conductive objects that are near it. This voltage difference can be large enough to cause a dangerous side-flash (spark) between the two that can cause significant damage, especially on structures housing flammable or explosive materials. The most effective way to prevent this potential damage is to ensure the electrical continuity between the lightning protection system and any objects susceptible to a side-flash. Effective bonding will allow the voltage potential of the two objects to rise and fall simultaneously, thereby eliminating any risk of a side-flash.
Lightning protection system design.
Considerable material is used to make up lightning protection systems, so it is prudent to consider carefully where an air terminal will provide the greatest protection. Historical understanding of lightning, from statements made by Ben Franklin, assumed that each "lightning rod" protected a cone of 45 degrees. This has been found to be unsatisfactory for protecting taller structures, as it is possible for lightning to strike the side of a building. 
A modeling system based on a better understanding of the termination targeting of lightning, called the Rolling Sphere Method, was developed by Dr Tibor Horváth. It has become the standard by which traditional Franklin Rod systems are installed. To understand this requires knowledge of how lightning 'moves'. As the step leader of a lightning bolt jumps toward the ground, it steps toward the grounded objects nearest its path. The maximum distance that each step may travel is called the "critical distance" and is proportional to the electrical current. Objects are likely to be struck if they are nearer to the leader than this critical distance. It is standard practice to approximate the sphere's radius as 46 m near the ground. 
An object outside the critical distance is unlikely to be struck by the leader if there is a solidly grounded object within the critical distance. Locations that are considered safe from lightning can be determined by imagining a leader's potential paths as a sphere that travels from the cloud to the ground. For lightning protection, it suffices to consider all possible spheres as they touch potential strike points. To determine strike points, consider a sphere rolling over the terrain. At each point, we are simulating a potential leader position. Lightning is most likely to strike where the sphere touches the ground. Points that the sphere cannot roll across and touch are safest from lightning. Lightning protectors should be placed where they will prevent the sphere from touching a structure. A weak point in most lightning diversion systems is in transporting the captured discharge from the lightning rod to the ground, though. Lightning rods are typically installed around the perimeter of flat roofs, or along the peaks of sloped roofs at intervals of 6.1 m or 7.6 m, depending on the height of the rod. When a flat roof has dimensions greater than 15 m by 15 m, additional air terminals will be installed in the middle of the roof at intervals of 15 m or less in a rectangular grid pattern.
Should a lightning rod have a point?
This was a controversy as early as the 18th century. In the midst of political confrontation between Britain and its American colonies, British scientists maintained that a lightning rod should have a ball on its end. American scientists maintained that there should be a point. , the controversy had not been completely resolved.
It is difficult to resolve the controversy because proper controlled experiments are nearly impossible in such work; in spite of the work of Moore, et al. below most lightning rods seen on buildings have sharp points. Work performed by Charles B. Moore, et al., in 2000 has helped this issue, finding that moderately rounded or blunt-tipped lightning rods act as marginally better strike receptors. below As a result, round-tipped rods are installed the majority of the time on new systems in the United States. To quote:
In addition, the height of the lightning protector relative to the structure to be protected and the Earth itself will have an effect.
Charge Transfer theory.
The Charge Transfer theory states that a lightning strike to a protected structure can be prevented by reducing the electrical potential between the protected structure and the thundercloud. This is done by transferring electric charge (such as from the nearby Earth to the sky or vice versa). Transferring electric charge from the Earth to the sky is done by installing engineered products composed of many points above the structure. It is noted that pointed objects will indeed transfer charge to the surrounding atmosphere and that a considerable electric current can be measured through the conductors as ionization occurs at the point when an electric field is present, such as happens when thunderclouds are overhead. 
The National Fire Protection Association, NFPA, does not currently endorse a device that can prevent or reduce lightning strikes. The NFPA Standards Council, following a request for a project to address Dissipation ArraySystems and Charge Transfer Systems, denied the request to begin forming standards on such technology (though the Council did not foreclose on future standards development after reliable sources demonstrating the validity of the basic technology and science were submitted).
Early streamer emission (ESE) theory.
The controversial theory of early streamer emission proposes that if a lightning rod has a mechanism producing ionization near its tip, then its lightning capture area is greatly increased. At first, small quantities of radioactive isotopes (Radium-226 or Americium-241) were used as sources of ionization between 1930 and 1980, later replaced with various electrical and electronic devices. According to an early patent, since most lightning protectors' ground potentials are elevated, the path distance from the source to the elevated ground point will be shorter, creating a stronger field (measured in volts per unit distance) and that structure will be more prone to ionization and breakdown. 
AFNOR, the French national standardization body, issued a standard, NF C 17-102, covering this technology. The NFPA also investigated the subject and there was a proposal to issue a similar standard in the USA. Initially, an NFPA independent third party panel stated that "the Streamer Emission lightning protection technology appears to be technically sound" and that there was an "adequate theoretical basis for the Streamer Emission air terminal concept and design from a physical viewpoint". (Bryan, 1999) The same panel also concluded that "the recommended 781 standard lightning protection system has never been scientifically or technically validated and the Franklin rod air terminals have not been validated in field tests under thunderstorm conditions." 
In response, the American Geophysical Union concluded that "Bryan Panel reviewed essentially none of the studies and literature on the effectiveness and scientific basis of traditional lightning protection systems and was erroneous in its conclusion that there was no basis for the Standard." AGU did not attempt to assess the effectiveness of any proposed modifications to traditional systems in its report. The NFPA withdrew its proposed draft edition of standard 781 due to a lack of evidence of increased effectiveness of Early Streamer Emission-based protection systems over conventional air terminals.
Members of the Scientific Committee of the International Conference on Lightning Protection (ICLP) have issued a joint statement stating their opposition to Early Streamer Emission technology. ICLP maintains a web page with information related to ESE and related technologies. Still, the number of buildings and structures equipped with ESE lightning protection systems is growing as well as the number of manufacturers of ESE air terminals from Europe, Americas, Middle East, Russia, China, South Korea, ASEAN countries, and Australia.
Analysis of strikes.
Lightning strikes to a metallic structure can vary from leaving no evidence, except perhaps, a small pit in the metal, to the complete destruction of the structure (Rakov, Page 364). When there is no evidence, analyzing the strikes is difficult. This means that a strike on an uninstrumented structure must be visually confirmed, and the random behavior of lightning renders such observations difficult. There are also inventors working on this problem, such as through a lightning rocket. While controlled experiments may be off in the future, very good data is being obtained through techniques which use radio receivers that watch for the characteristic electrical 'signature' of lightning strikes using fixed directional antennas. Through accurate timing and triangulation techniques, lightning strikes can be located with great precision, so strikes on specific objects often can be confirmed with confidence.
The energy in a lightning strike is typically in the range of 1 to 10 billion joules. This energy is released usually in a small number of separate strokes, each with duration of a few tens of microseconds (typically 30 to 50 microseconds), over a period of about one fifth of a second. The great majority of the energy is dissipated as heat, light and sound in the atmosphere.
Aircraft protectors.
Lightning protection for aircraft is provided by mounting devices on the aircraft structure. The protectors are provided with extensions through the structure of the aircraft's outer surface and within a static discharger. Protection systems for use in aircraft must protect critical and non-critical electronic equipment. Aircraft lightning protection provides an electrical path having a plurality of conductive segments, continuous or discontinuous, that upon exposure to a high voltage field form an ionization channel due to the system's breakdown voltage. Various lightning protection systems must reject the surge currents associated with the lightning strikes. Lightning protection means for aircraft include components which are dielectrics and metallic layers applied to the ordinarily lightning-accessible surfaces of composite structures. Various ground connection means to the layers comprises a section of wire mesh fusing the various layers to an attachment connecting the structure to an adjacent ground structure. Composite-to-metal or composite-to-composite structural joints are protected by making the interface areas conductive for transfer of lightning current. 
Some aircraft lightning protection systems use a shielded cable system. These systems consist of one or more conductors enclosed by a conductive shield. The cable has both conductors of one end connected to a grounding element. This is intended to provide protection from electromagnetic interference. Such systems reduce the electromagnetically induced voltage in a shielded conductor. This is intended to provide protection against induced electromagnetic interference from lightning. This network provides a normally-high impedance which breaks down to a very low impedance in response to a momentary voltage surge electromagnetically induced in the shield. This establishes a conductive path between the shield and ground. Any surge voltage from lightning creates a current through the cable. This results in an electromagnetic field of the opposite direction, which cancels or reduces the magnitude of the electromagnetic field within the shielded cable.
Watercraft protectors.
A lightning protection installation on a watercraft comprises a "lightning protector" mounted on the top of a mast or superstructure, and a "grounding conductor" in contact with the water. Electrical conductors attach to the protector and run down to the conductor. For a vessel with a conducting (iron or steel) hull, the grounding conductor is the hull. For a vessel with a non-conducting hull, the grounding conductor may be retractable, attached to the hull, or attached to a centerboard.
Risk assessment.
Some structures are inherently more or less at risk of being struck by lightning. The risk for a structure is a function of the size (area) of a structure, the height, and the number of lightning strikes per year per mi² for the region. For example, a small building will be less likely to be struck than a large one, and a building in an area with a high density of lightning strikes will be more likely to be struck than one in an area with a low density of lightning strikes. The National Fire Protection Agency provides a risk assessment worksheet in their lightning protection standard.
IEC lightning risk assessment comprises four parts: loss of living beings, loss of service to public, loss of cultural heritage, and loss of economic value. Loss of living beings is the most important and this is the only loss taken into consideration for many nonessential industrial and commercial applications. IEC risk assessment calculations can be very complicated unless done by a software.
Standards.
The introduction of lightning protection systems into standards allowed various manufactures to develop protector systems to a multitude of specifications. There are multiple international, national, corporate and military lightning protection standards. 

</doc>
<doc id="20646682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646682" title="André Jodin">
André Jodin

André Jodin is an archaeologist known for explorations and excavations in North Africa, especially in Morocco.
Jodin – who typically signed his publications as A. Jodin – directed excavations at a number of significant sites, including Volubilis in north-east Morocco, and Mogador on Morocco's Atlantic coast."cf." 

</doc>
<doc id="20646690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646690" title="Roman Skrypin">
Roman Skrypin

Román Skrýpin – Ukrainian media-manager, famous journalist, TV anchor, Chief of the Ukrainian Independent media union.
He was born on 27 May 1973 in Poltava, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union. He is married and has a daughter.
Roman graduated from Kiev University, The institute of Journalism.(1991–1997)
1990 – journalist – trainee “Komsomolets Poltavshyny” newspaper
1991-1992 – journalist, “Ukraina moloda” newspaper
1992-1993 – freelancer, “Gart” studio, Ukrainian television
1993-1995 – journalist, Center of the creative television
1995-1996 - co-owner, journalist- producer – private firm “Agency of producers”
1996-1998 – reporter, chief – editor of the news block, news anchor “Dobrogo ranku, Ukrayina”, UTN, Ukrainian television.
Since September 1998, Roman has been working as the anchor – editor of the “Vikna. Press digest” TV program, STB TV channel.
Since January, 1999 - he has been working as chief and anchor of the “Vikna. At the midnight” and “Mediaclub”, TV programs, STB channel. Due to the total political censorship on Ukrainian TV channels as far as on STB also, Roman had to left in 2002.
Since 2002 – journalist of the “Hromads'ke radio”
During the parliamentary proceedings, which were dedicated to the situation of the freedom of speech in Ukraine, Roman had appeared with his colleague Andriy Shevchenko. Roman state authoritatively about impermissibility of the censorship and brought an accusation against then existing (1994–2005) president Leonid Kuchma, that he is the one and the first who made such unbearable conditions, when the journalist can’t work by specialty.
Skrypin is the co-author of the “5 channel” - the channel of the true news, creation idea. He has been started to work from the very beginning until June 2006, as chief-editor and also as a TV anchor of the summarize program “Time”. Roman resigned in June 2006 due to the reason of development absence and also because there was an absence of straight scheme of decision-making. Among other things, the new chief-editor was appointed without any discussions with Skrypin as that time chief-editor.
Starting 14 August 2006 till 31 January 2008 he has been working as Media director, “RBC Ukraine” inform agency.
For this moment, Roman is a radio-anchor of the "Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty" Ukrainian Service (RFE/RL).
Starting 19 January 2009,- he is the author and the anchor of "Truth of Roman Skrypin" (ukr: "Pravda Romana Skrypina") TV-program, "TVi" TV-channel (Ukraine).
On 23 February he was elected as a Chief of the Ukrainian Independent media union. There were 31 votes for his candidature among 57 delegates attended the 2nd congress of the Independent media union, which took place in the House of scientists, Kyiv, Ukraine.
On 2 April Roman Skrypin headed informational service of "TVi" TV-channel (Ukraine). He became the vice of the "TVi" editor in chief Yevgeniy Kiselyov.
Skrypin in September 2012 got the idea to start an internet television channel. This idea eventually became Hromadske.TV. 
After the April 2013 ownership dispute at TVi 31 journalists resigned from TVi on 29 April 2013, they believed as TVi employees they could not anymore "guarantee our audience to provide objective and unbiased information". Many of them eventually joined Hromadske.TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20646701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646701" title="Ola Alterå">
Ola Alterå

Ola Alterå (born January 1, 1965) is a Swedish politician. He is a member of the Centre Party. In 2011, Alterå will take the position as Country Manager for UNIDO in Kenya.
He was General Manager of the Center Party Youth League from 1990–1993 and was succeeded by Kristina Jonäng. After 2006 elections he became State Secretary of Industry, in charge of energy issues.
Alterå grew up in Norrfjärden outside Piteå. In 1985 he moved to Gothenburg, and studied engineering physics at Chalmers University of Technology. He became department director in the EPA's Environmental Economics Unit, anumerous other positions. Alterå has also been a political expert for the Prime Minister 1993-94. He joined the Centre Party in 1990 and during the period 1998-2001 he also worked as Secretary for the Centre Party. 
Alterå was previously married to Anna-Karin Hatt, she was also center partisan Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="20646704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646704" title="Sewage">
Sewage

Sewage is a water-carried waste, in solution or suspension, that is intended to be removed from a community. Also known as wastewater, it is more than 99% water and is characterized by volume or rate of flow, physical condition, chemical constituents and the bacteriological organisms that it contains. In loose American English usage, the terms "sewage" and "sewerage" are sometimes interchanged. Both words are descended from Old French "assewer", derived from the Latin "exaquare", "to drain out (water)". "Sewerage" refers to the infrastructure that conveys sewage.
Categories.
Classes of sewage include sanitary, commercial, industrial, agricultural and surface runoff. The wastewater from residences and institutions, carrying body wastes (primarily feces, urine and semen), washing water, food preparation wastes, laundry wastes, and other waste products of normal living, are classed as domestic or sanitary sewage. Liquid-carried wastes from stores and service establishments serving the immediate community, termed commercial wastes, are included in the sanitary or domestic sewage category if their characteristics are similar to household flows. Wastes that result from an industrial process or the production or manufacture of goods are classed as industrial wastewater. Their flows and strengths are usually more varied, intense, and concentrated than those of sanitary sewage. Surface runoff, also known as storm flow or overland flow, is that portion of precipitation that runs rapidly over the ground surface to a defined channel. Precipitation absorbs gases and particulates from the atmosphere, dissolves and leaches materials from vegetation and soil, suspends matter from the land, washes spills and debris from urban streets and highways, and carries all these pollutants as wastes in its flow to a collection point.
Sewage services.
Disease potential.
All categories of sewage are likely to carry pathogenic organisms that can transmit disease to humans and other animals; contain organic matter that can cause odor and nuisance problems; hold nutrients that may cause eutrophication of receiving water bodies; and can lead to ecotoxicity. Proper collection and safe, nuisance-free disposal of the liquid wastes of a community are legally recognized as a necessity in an urbanized, industrialized society. The reality is, however, that around 90% of wastewater produced globally remains untreated causing widespread water pollution, especially in low-income countries.
Increasingly, agriculture is using untreated wastewater for irrigation. Cities provide lucrative markets for fresh produce, so are attractive to farmers. However, because agriculture has to compete for increasingly scarce water resources with industry and municipal users, there is often no alternative for farmers but to use water polluted with urban waste, including sewage, directly to water their crops. There can be significant health hazards related to using water loaded with pathogens in this way, especially if people eat raw vegetables that have been irrigated with the polluted water.
The International Water Management Institute has worked in India, Pakistan, Vietnam, Ghana, Ethiopia, Mexico and other countries on various projects aimed at assessing and reducing risks of wastewater irrigation. They advocate a ‘multiple-barrier’ approach to wastewater use, where farmers are encouraged to adopt various risk-reducing behaviours. These include ceasing irrigation a few days before harvesting to allow pathogens to die off in the sunlight, applying water carefully so it does not contaminate leaves likely to be eaten raw, cleaning vegetables with disinfectant or allowing fecal sludge used in farming to dry before being used as a human manure. The World Health Organization has developed guidelines for safe water use.
Collection and disposal.
A system of sewer pipes (sewers) collects sewage and takes it for treatment or disposal. The system of sewers is called "sewerage" or "sewerage system" (see London sewerage system) in British English and "sewage system" in American English. Where a main sewerage system has not been provided, sewage may be collected from homes by pipes into septic tanks or cesspits, where it may be treated or collected in vehicles and taken for treatment or disposal. Properly functioning septic tanks require emptying every 2–5 years depending on the load of the system.
Sewage and wastewater is also disposed of to rivers, streams, and the sea in many parts of the world. Doing so can lead to serious pollution of the receiving water. This is common in third world countries and may still occur in some developed countries, where septic tank systems are too expensive.
Treatment.
Sewage treatment is the process of removing the contaminants from sewage to produce liquid and solid (sludge) suitable for discharge to the environment or for reuse. It is a form of waste management. A septic tank or other on-site wastewater treatment system such as biofilters can be used to treat sewage close to where it is created.
Sewage water is a complex matrix, with many distinctive chemical characteristics. These include high concentrations of ammonium, nitrate, phosphorus, high conductivity (due to high dissolved solids), high alkalinity, with pH typically ranging between 7 and 8. Trihalomethanes are also likely to be present as a result of past disinfection.
In developed countries sewage collection and treatment is typically subject to local, state and federal regulations and standards.
Conversion to fertiliser.
Sewage sludge can be collected through a sludge processing plant that automatically heats the matter and converts it into fertiliser pellets (thereby removing possible contamination by chemical detergents, ...) This approach eliminates seawater pollution caused when the water is discharged directly to the sea without treatment (a practice which is still common in developing countries, despite environmental regulation). Sludge plants are useful in areas that have already set-up a sewage-system, but not in areas without such a system, as composting toilets are more efficient and do not require sewage pipes (which break over time).
In the United States, as of 2013 about 55% of sewage solids are turned into fertilizer, despite demand from farmers who wish to buy more. Sewage solid disposal can otherwise be accomplished by burning (which causes air pollution and consumes energy), landfilling, or dumping into waterways (which can cause harmful algal blooms). Challenges to increased levels of recycling include capital needed to build digesters, the complexity of complying with health regulations, and avoiding neighbors who object to unpleasant smells.
Epidemiology.
Sewage can be monitored for both disease-causing and benign organisms with a variety of techniques. Traditional techniques involve filtering, staining, and examining samples under a microscope. Much more sensitive and specific testing can be accomplished with DNA sequencing, such as when looking for rare organisms, attempting eradication, testing specifically for drug-resistant strains, or discovering new species. Sequencing DNA from an environmental sample is known as metagenomics.
Sewage has also been analyzed to determine relative rates of use of prescription and illegal drugs among municipal populations.

</doc>
<doc id="20646706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646706" title="2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A">
2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 54th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. It was contested by 20 clubs starting on May 9 and ending on December 6. The 2009 edition was won by Flamengo.
The first goal of the tournament was scored by Igor on the 13th minute of the match between his team, Sport and Barueri, which ended in a 1–1 draw. Holders São Paulo had a bad start losing to Fluminense 1–0.
Internacional led the tournament from round 2 to 6, when Atlético Mineiro took the lead. In the 9th round, Internacional regained the lead but one round later Atlético Mineiro managed to come back to the top of the table after defeating their city rivals Cruzeiro 3–0. The club from Belo Horizonte held the lead until round 15, when Palmeiras reached the top. In the middle of the championship, Flamengo was only on the 10th position.
Palmeiras managed to stay in the top until round 34, when they lost 1–0 against Fluminense, which was struggling to avoid relegation. Four days earlier, São Paulo had tied 1–1 with Grêmio after having three players sent off.
Round 37 saw several changes in the standings. São Paulo could had won their seventh title, fourth in a row, if they had defeated Goiás, exactly as it had happened last season. However, this time Goiás 4–2 win sent São Paulo from the top of the table to the fourth place. Flamengo defeated Corinthians and took the lead for the first time in the tournament. Internacional advanced to second place and in the last round, had not only to defeat Santo André but also count on their city rivals Grêmio to at least tie against Flamengo in the last match. Despite rumors that Grêmio would not play as hard as they could, Flamengo had to come back from a 0–1 score to win the tournament. Internacional 4–1 win was worthless.
Palmeiras also came to the last round of the championship with chances to end in the top position. For that, they had to beat Botafogo, which would be relegated if did not win the last match. The result was tragic for Palmeiras: 0–2 defeat that combined with Cruzeiro 2–1 over Santos left the team outside the top four and, therefore, out of 2010 Copa Libertadores. Botafogo, together with city rivals Fluminense, managed to avoid relegation. After spending 37 rounds in relegation zone, Fluminense, which managed to leave the bottom four positions one match earlier, held a 1–1 draw away against Coritiba and sent the team from Curitiba to Série B exactly when the club was celebrating 100 years of foundation.
Format.
For the seventh consecutive season, the tournament will be played in a double round-robin system. The team with most number of points will be declared the champion. The bottom-four teams will be relegated for the following season.
International qualification.
The Série A will serve as a qualifier to CONMEBOL's 2010 international tournaments. The top-three teams in the standings will qualify to the Second Stage of the 2010 Copa Libertadores, while the fourth place team will qualify to the First Stage. The next eight-best teams will qualify to the 2010 Copa Sudamericana. Should the winner of the 2009 Copa do Brasil finish better than 13th, the next best team(s) will earn the berth(s) it would have qualified for in the league standings.
Team information.
Like in 2008, twenty teams will compete in this year's Série A. Defending champion São Paulo will have a chance to extend two records in Brazilian football should they win this year: first club to win four titles in a row, and first club to win seven titles overall. Of the four teams promoted from the 2008 Série B, one is new to the Série A. Barueri will be competing in the Série A for the first time since turning professional eight years ago. Four-time champion Corinthians returns after spending a single season in the Série B. The other teams promoted are Santo André (first return since 1984) and Avaí (first return since 1979). As is becoming common in Brazilian football, one of the country's most important clubs has been relegated after the previous season. For 2009, Vasco da Gama, champion in 1974, 1989, 1997 and 2000, will play the 2009 season in the Série B.
Managerial changes.
1 Marcelo Rospide was interim manager since Celso Roth was sacked after Grêmio's elimination in the Campeonato Gaúcho 2009 on April 5.
2 Match played for the 2009 Copa Libertadores.
3 Interim coach Jorginho Cantinflas managed the team for 7 matches, until the 14th round.
Top scorers.
Source: globoesporte.globo.com<br>
Updated as of November 8, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20646713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646713" title="Albert Andersson (politician)">
Albert Andersson (politician)

Albert Andersson (August 29, 1878 – June 19, 1962) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Centre Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20646716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646716" title="V. A. Urechia">
V. A. Urechia

V. A. Urechia (most common version of Vasile Alexandrescu Urechia, ; born Vasile Alexandrescu and also known as Urechiă, Urechea, Ureche, Popovici-Ureche or Vasile Urechea-Alexandrescu; February 15, 1834 – November 21, 1901) was a Moldavian-born Romanian historian, Romantic author of historical fiction and plays, academic and politician. The author of Romanian history syntheses, a noted bibliographer, heraldist, ethnographer and folklorist, he founded and managed a private school, later holding teaching positions at the University of Iaşi and University of Bucharest. Urechia was also one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy and, as frequent traveler to Spain and fluent speaker of Spanish, a corresponding member of the Royal Spanish Academy. He was the father of satirist Alceu Urechia.
As an ideologue, Urechia developed "Romanianism", which offered a template for cultural and political cooperation among Romanians from several historical regions, and formed part of a Pan-Latinist campaign. An activist in favor of the Moldavia's union to Wallachia and a representative of the liberal wing, he was briefly Moldavian Minister of Religious Affairs, and later a prominent member of the National Liberal Party. For more than three decades, Urechia represented Covurlui County in the Romanian Kingdom's Chamber of Deputies and Senate. He was Education Minister under two successive National Liberal administrations, and, during the 1890s, he founded the Cultural League for the Unity of All Romanians, which focused on encouraging the aspirations of Romanians living in Austria-Hungary.
Often portrayed as an amateurish and inconsequential presence in Romanian literature and science, Urechia was involved in a decade-long controversy with "Junimea", a conservative literary society which advocated professionalization. Among those involved on the "Junimist" side were literary critic Titu Maiorescu and poet Mihai Eminescu. Like other contributors to the liberal magazine "Revista Contimporană", Urechia was a notorious target of Maiorescu's campaign against "inebriation with words", and ultimately sided with the anti-"Junimist" author Alexandru Macedonski, becoming a contributor to "Literatorul" magazine. The polemics touched on his private life, after claims surfaced that he was secretly leading a polygynous lifestyle.
Name.
V. A. Urechia was known to his contemporaries by several name variants: his rival Eminescu once described him as having "seven names". "Urechia", which the writer added in adult life, is a variant of "urechea" (Romanian for "the ear"), often transcribed as "ureche" ("ear"). An occasional rendition of the name, reflecting antiquated versions of the Romanian alphabet, is "Urechiă".
The writer was initially known as "Vasile Alexandrescu", the latter being his patronymic, of which his family name, "Popovici", was an alternative. Spanish sources occasionally rendered Urechia's first name as "Basilio", and his full name was at times Francized as "Basil Alexandresco".
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Piatra Neamţ, Urechia was the son of Alexandru Popovici, a member of the boyar class in Moldavia and a titular "culcer"; his mother, Eufrosina (or Euphrosina) "née" Manoliu. Both had been widowed or divorced from previous marriages, and Vasile had stepsiblings from each parent. After the "culcer" 's death, he and three other of Eufrosina's youngest children, all of them below legal age, moved in with their mother, who remarried "serdar" Fotino. In spring 1848, he was in Iaşi, where he witnessed the failed rebellion provoked by the Romantic nationalist and liberal current with which he would later affiliate. He debuted in journalism upon the end of the 1840s, when he wrote pieces condemning Transylvanian-born educators for promoting a version of Romanian which overemphasized the language's connection with Latin.
During most of the 1850s, the young Vasile Alexandrescu was in France, spending most of his time in Paris, where he received his "Baccalauréat" (1856), and trained for a "Licence ès Lettres" degree. Urechia frequented exiles from both Danubian Principalities (Moldavia and Wallachia), growing close to the Wallachian politico C. A. Rosetti. Having written his debut literary works, some grouped in 1854 under the title "Mozaic de novele, cugetări, piese şi poezii" ("A Mosaic of Novellas, Musings, Plays and Poetry"), he also completed a debut novel, "Coliba Măriucăi" ("Măriuca's Cabin", in 1855). The plot was loosely based on "Uncle Tom's Cabin", by the American abolitionist writer Harriet Beecher Stowe, and was adapted to the realities of Romani slavery in Moldavia. He was at the time collaborating on "Steaua Dunării", a unionist magazine co-edited by the Moldavian intellectuals Mihail Kogălniceanu and Vasile Alecsandri, where he published a Romanian-language translation of "Canción a las ruinas de Itálica" ("Song to the Ruins of Italica"), a Spanish Renaissance poem written by Rodrigo Caro, but attributed by scholars of the day to Fernando de Rioja.
A believer in Pan-Latinism, he popularized the cause of Romanians through articles published in the Romance-speaking press of France and Spain, and founded "Opiniunea", a magazine for Moldo-Wallachian exiles in Paris. During 1856, as the Crimean War brought an end to Imperial Russian administration in the two countries and its "Regulamentul Organic" regime, the exiles saw an opportunity for action in favor of the union. During the Peace Treaty Conference of that year, Urechia was secretary of a Romanian Bureau which popularized the unionist cause among the participants, and proposed a Romanian state under a foreign ruler, whom Urechia wanted to be of "Latin" origin.
Late 1850s and first ministerial appointment.
In August 1857, he married the upper-class Spanish woman Francisca Dominica de Plano, whose father had been the personal physician of Queen regent Isabella II. The wedding at the Romanian Orthodox Chapel in Paris. He was in Spain from 1857 to 1858 and again in 1862, researching local archives and Spanish education. Francisca introduced her husband to several figures in Spain's cultural and political life: poets Ramón de Campoamor y Campoosorio and Gaspar Núñez de Arce, the future leaders of the First Republic Emilio Castelar y Ripoll and Francisco Pi y Margall, as well as dramatist Manuel Tamayo y Baus. During the following decade, Urechia also traveled to Greece, Switzerland, Italy and the German Empire.
Upon his 1858 return to Moldavia, Urechia was appointed court inspector in Iaşi County and Romanian language teacher at a gymnasium level. After 1860, he held a Romanian-language and Classical Literature chair at the newly founded University of Iaşi. His wife Francisca died a young woman, most likely before 1860, and Urechia remarried, to the German amateur musician Luiza "Zettina" Wirth. In 1859-1860, as the political union was being effected under the rule of Alexander John Cuza as "Domnitor", V. A. Urechia briefly served as Moldavia's Minister of Religious Affairs in the Kogălniceanu administration. During his term in office, he awarded scholarships to local undergraduates, sending them to complete their education in the universities of France, Spain, Portugal and the Kingdom of Sardinia. Also then, he published the literary criticism volumes "Schiţări de literatură română" ("Sketches of Romanian Literature", 1859) and "O vorbă despre literatura desfrînată ce se încearcă a se introduce în societatea română" ("A Word on the Profligate Literature that Threatens to Introduce Itself into Romanian Society", 1863).
He was still involved in building connections with France while pursuing his interest in ethnography, and joined the Paris-based "Société d'Ethnographie", collaborating closely with its chairman Léon De Rosny. He also became an active member of the "Institut d'Ethnographie" and the Heraldry Society of France. Beginning in 1861, he was publishing the Iaşi-based magazine "Atheneul Român". A pro-liberal venue, it was noted for reacting against Urechia's former associate Alecsandri over the latter's conservative views. The "Atheneul Român" society was the nucleus of a country-wide cultural movement, which Urechia claimed was instrumental in establishing both the Romanian Academy (founded 1866) and the Romanian Athenaeum (founded 1888). Urechia's initiative was inspired by his admiration for the Spanish institution "Ateneo de Madrid".
Relocation to Bucharest.
In November 1864, Urechia moved to unified Romania's capital, Bucharest, having been granted a seat at the local university's Faculty of Letters, but continued to manage a "V. A. Urechia Institute", his private school. He was also employed as Head of Department in the Education Ministry, in which position he helped his future rival, Titu Maiorescu, who was at the time facing allegations of misconduct and pressured to resign from his teaching position. Also then, as a bibliographer and avid book collector, he was among those tasked by Cuza with drafting the common statute of public libraries throughout the country. He was one of the Romanian Academy's original members upon its 1866 foundation as the "Academic Society", and subsequently participated in setting up its Library. Urechia served as vice-chairman and general secretary of the Academy for several terms, was president of its Historical Section, and supervised a number of its cultural programs. Dissolved in Iaşi due to lack of members, the "Atheneul Român" club was reestablished in the capital during 1865. That year, he published two books: "Femeia română, dupre istorie şi poesie" ("The Romanian Woman in History and Poetry") and "Balul mortului" ("The Dead Man's Ball").
After Cuza's replacement with Carol I, Urechia successfully ran in the November 1866 election for a Chamber seat in Covurlui County. He was a member of Parliament for the next 34 years, moving from Chamber to the Senate, and pushing legislation to modernize the education system.
Also in 1866, Urechia published an essay of fables, which centered on the work of Dimitrie Ţichindeal (or "Chichindeal"), an early 19th-century poet from Banat. In 1867, he completed work on his best-known literary contribution to local theater, a three-act drama or melodrama inspired by events in Romanian history, and titled "Vornicul Bucioc" (""Vornic" Bucioc" or "Minister Bucioc"). The same year and the next, he published "Despre elocinţa română" ("On Romanian Eloquence"), "Poezia în faţa politicei" ("Poetry vs. Politics") and "Patria română" ("The Romanian Motherland"). He was in Spain from spring 1867 to autumn 1868, perfecting his knowledge of Castilian and carrying out an extended research into local archives, being received as corresponding member of the Royal Spanish Academy (April 2, 1868). Together with fellow intellectual and amateur archaeologist Alexandru Odobescu, Urechia represented Romania at the 1869 World Archaeological Congress in Paris. He and Luiza Wirth divorced at some point after 1868.
In parallel, Urechia published several new works of historical fiction, including, in 1872, the drama "Episod de sub Alecsandru cel Bun" ("An Episode from the Rule of Alexander the Good"). In 1872, he also premiered the one-act comedy "Odă la Elisa" ("An Ode to Elisa"), which he had written during 1869.
Conflict with "Junimea".
A major event in V. A. Urechia's career occurred in 1869, when Maiorescu and his like-minded friends established "Junimea" society in Iaşi. At the time, Urechia was editing the journal "Adunarea Naţională", which initially regarded the "Junimists" with sympathy, despite the fact that Maiorescu was already making his anti-liberal agenda public. By the early 1870s however, Urechia had become engaged in a major cultural polemic with the "Junimists", which reflected the liberal-conservative and Romantic-Neoclassical splits within Romanian society. Although usually adverse to other liberal factions, including the group formed around historian Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu and Nicolae Ionescu's "Fracţiunea liberă şi independentă", he united with them in condemning "Junimea" 's views and cultural guidelines. Also during that decade, he openly sided with the radicals around C. A. Rosetti, who would, in 1875, contribute to the creation of the National Liberal Party.
Urechia collaborated with Dimitrie August Laurian and Ştefan Michăilescu on the anti-"Junimist", Romantic and pro-liberal tribune "Revista Contimporană" after 1873. Critic and historian Tudor Vianu saw Urechia as the group's "spiritus rector", while literary historian George Călinescu wrote: "journal had prestige and, intimately, the "Junimists" grew worried." In its first issue, it hosted Urechia's study on 17th century Moldavian chronicler Miron Costin and his writings, as well as historical pieces by Gheorghe Sion and Pantazi Ghica, all of which were soon after criticized by Maiorescu in his essay "Beţia de cuvinte" ("Inebriation with Words"). In parallel, Urechia had a conflict with the Jewish writer and pedagogue Ronetti Roman, whom he had employed teacher at his Institute. In his pamphlet "Domnul Kanitferstan" (Mr. Kanitferstan"), Ronetti Roman reported having been shocked to discover that Urechia was an antisemite.
After the Russo-Turkish War which granted Romania its independence, Urechia represented the country to the International Congress of Anthropological and Ethnological Sciences, and presided over one of its sessions. Later in the year, he was invited to participate in the Congress on literature in London, England. In 1879, he was elected member of an Aromanian cultural league, the Macedo-Romanian Cultural Society, becoming its president the following year and editing its historiographic textbook, "Albumul macedo-român" ("The Macedo-Romanian Album"). He was presented with a bronze medal by the "Société d'Ethnographie" in 1880, and, the following year, received its medal of honor. The same body created the "Urechia Prize for Ethnographic Research", first awarded in 1882, and awarded him lifetime membership of the "Institut d'Ethnographie". Between 1878 and 1889, he grouped his earlier writings under the title "Opere complete" ("Complete Works").
Political preeminence and "Literatorul" years.
In 1881-1882, Urechia was Romania's Education Minister under National Liberal Premiers Dimitrie Brătianu and Ion Brătianu, in the newly proclaimed Kingdom of Romania. According to George Călinescu, his appointment had been prepared since 1880. Călinescu cites Urechia's intense correspondence with Alexandru Odobescu, who was then living in Paris. Odobescu had initially asked Urechia to manage his chair at the University, and, Călinescu argues, his tone became "fawning" as Urechia received confirmation for his political ambitions. As Minister, Urechia tasked Odobescu with approaching Hermiona, the widow of French historian Edgar Quinet and daughter of Romanian intellectual Gheorghe Asachi, and recovering some of Quinet's notes for publishing in "Albumul macedo-român". While reviewing and reshuffling the Ministry, Urechia dismissed the socialist and atheist activist Ioan Nădejde from his position as teacher, and played a part in the decision to curb the spread of socialism among the faculty of Iaşi University. However, he cast aside political preferences to assign "Junimist" author Ion Luca Caragiale the position of inspector in the counties of Suceava and Neamţ. Urechia had prepared a program for administrative reform at several levels, but the brevity of his term prevented him from putting it into practice.
By then, Urechia had also begun collaborating with the younger anti-"Junimist" and later Symbolist poet Alexandru Macedonski. In 1881, Minister Urechia granted Macedonski the "Bene-Merenti" medal 1st class, even though, Călinescu argues, the poet had been a civil servant for no more than 18 months. A year later, he appointed Macedonski to the post of Historical Monuments Inspector. Also in 1882, he accepted Macedonski's offer to become president of a society formed around the magazine "Literatorul". In 1883, following Macedonski's attacks on "Junimist" author Mihai Eminescu, later recognized as national poet, the irreverent exposure of Eminescu's mental illness and the widespread condemnation which ensued, "Literatorul" went out of print. It resurfaced sporadically after that date, notably in 1885, as "Revista Literară", and continued to receive contributions from Urechia, Anghel Demetriescu, Th. M. Stoenescu and Bonifaciu Florescu, but was eventually turned by Macedonski into a voice for the local Symbolist movement.
Urechia grew disillusioned with National Liberal politics, and voted against his party when he felt that their politics no longer coincided with his own views. By 1885, he also made his peace with "Junimea", which was generally offering its support to the newly founded Conservative Party, and became a collaborator of its mouthpiece "Convorbiri Literare", contributing essays and stories until 1892. Also in 1885, he published his novella "Logof. Baptiste Veleli" ("The "Logofăt" Baptiste Veleli"), set in the 17th century. His varied scientific interests led him to correspond with Iuliu Popper, the Romanian-born explorer of Patagonia, who notably described to Urechia the lawlessness of Punta Arenas, Chile.
Late in his life, V. A. Urechia concentrated on historical research. This led him to write and publish "Istoria românilor" ("The History of Romanians", 14 vols., 1891–1903) and "Istoria şcoalelor" ("The History of Schools", 4 vols., 1892–1901). After 1889, he also resumed activities in the area of bibliography, turning his own collection into a public library to benefit Galaţi city. He also edited and collected the work of Miron Costin, producing and editing an eponymous 1890 monograph, together with a similar work dedicated to 19th century Moldavian intellectual Gheorghe Asachi. In 1891, his scattered essays, novellas, memoirs and stories based on Romanian folklore themes were collectively published by as "Legende române" ("Romanian Legends"). That year, he left for London, where he attended the International Congress of Orientalists and received the honorary diploma for supporting the Congress' activities at an international level.
During the final part of the 1880s, V. A. Urechia partook in a scandal involving Lazăr Şăineanu, a foreign-educated Jewish-Romanian linguist, during which time he made a series of antisemitic statements. Şăineanu, who, like most other members of the Jewish community, was not legally emancipated, had been assigned to a Faculty of Letters position by Titu Maiorescu, at the time Education Minister in a Conservative Party cabinet. Urechia and his partisans reacted strongly against this measure, arguing that Şăineanu was made unqualified by his ethnicity, until Şăineanu presented his resignation to Maiorescu.
In 1889, when Şăineanu requested naturalization, Urechia intervened with the National Liberal politician Dimitrie Sturdza, head of a committee charged with enforcing nationality law, asking him to deny the request. A deadlock ensued and, in both 1889 and 1895, the matter came to be deliberated by the Senate. Although it won support from both Conservative Premier Petre P. Carp and the Chamber, Urechia again spoke out against enfranchise in the Senate, and, largely as a result of this appeal, a majority of his colleagues voted with him on both occasions.
Cultural League establishment and final years.
The early 1890s saw Urechia's involvement in the cause of Romanians living outside the confines of the Old Kingdom. Like other liberal activists, he hoped to see Romania united with Transylvania and the Banat, regions then included in Austria-Hungary and administered by the Kingdom of Hungary. Urechia viewed with sympathy the formation of a National Party in that region, and supported it throughout the "Transylvanian Memorandum" movement of 1892, when many of its leaders were jailed by Hungarian authorities. He appealed for support throughout Europe, and, in 1893, collected the interventions of his foreign peers in a single volume, known in Romanian as "Voci latine. De la fraţi la fraţi" ("Latin Voices. From Brothers to Brothers"). As leader of the newly founded Cultural League for the Unity of All Romanians, he campaigned in the international press, resulting in some 500 newspaper articles on the "Memorandum" trial. These actions made partisans of Austria-Hungary regard him as an agent of dissent. In 1894, he was engaged in a heated polemic over these issues with the Hungarian officer István Türr, who had published articles condemning the "Memorandum" participants and their Bucharest-based partisans. It involved other politicians in 1895, when Urechia attended the Interparliamentary Union's Conference in Brussels, Belgium, and debated the matter with members of the Hungarian legislature.
Urechia was vice-president of the Senate in 1896-1897. During those years, he became "Chevalier" of the "Légion d'honneur", honorary member and later honorary president of the "Conseil Héraldique de France", foreign member of the French Archaeological Society, and associate member of the Spanish Red Cross, and Ecuador's consul general to Romania. Attending the October 1899 International Congress of Orientalists in Rome, he organized a Pan-Latinist festivity centered on Trajan's Column, with the participation of Luigi Pelloux cabinet ministers and the Transylvanian peasant activist Badea Cârţan. Although the ceremony enjoyed popularity and coverage in the press, Urechia and his Cultural League were frustrated by lack of funds in their attempt to organize a living exhibit of Romanian customs. He attended the 1900 congress of the Union of Latin Students, meeting in the French town of Alès, and delivered an opening speech in which the main theme was Pan-Latinism. The same year, he published a series of memoirs and travel writing pieces, under the title "Din tainele vieţii" ("Some of Life's Secrets").
Urechia died in Bucharest at age 67. His funeral oration was delivered by archaeologist Grigore Tocilescu, while the Academy's commemorative session was presided over by his former rival Hasdeu.
Ideology, literary contributions and cultural debates.
Tenets.
V. A. Urechia was a prolific author, whose bibliography reportedly exceeds 600 individual titles, covering both fiction and scientific works. Reflecting on the period, modern-day historian Lucian Boia argues that, while Urechia stood above all his pro-liberal academic colleagues in respect to his "industriousness", they all lacked scientific competence. Boia, who notes that Urechia's works are generally compilations, concludes that their author was motivated by "fervent but naïve patriotism".
Urechia's main contribution was as an ideologue of the liberal current, and relates to his version of patriotism, called "românism" ("Romanianism"). Seen by him as distinct from nationalism, it involved the ongoing promotion of a common spiritual identity among Romanians, a focus on popularizing local folklore, and a cultural version of Pan-Latinism. From early on, Urechia argued in favor of a federal Latin bloc to counter the threats of Pan-Slavism and Pan-Germanism. In 1859, a letter he sent to Sardinian Premier Camillo Benso di Cavour, in which he introduced the Moldavian scholarship recipients to the University of Turin, made reference to Pan-Latin sentiments and the Romanian origins: "Turn our young Romanians into something better than savants; make them Latins, proud descendants of Rome, the mother of their nation." Part of his subsequent studies dealt with the comparative linguistics of Romance: like many of his fellow intellectuals, Urechia was determined to find the exact position of Romanian in relation to the Latin language, Standard Italian or Italian dialects ("see History of the Romanian language"). Thus, in an 1868 essay, Urechia theorized a "parallelism" between Romanian and Friulian, his conclusion being similar to one earlier voiced (and eventually discarded) by Graziadio Isaia Ascoli.
Urechia saw in the application of Romanianism a cultural battle for improvement, writing: "A nation incapable of developing is incapable of defending its existence. This is why all nations, recognizing in culture the primordial condition of their existence and grandeur, have struggled to make use of all their forces in order to advance culturally. [...] For today culture is the strongest and non-invincible weapon." His writings frequently made the controversial claim that Romanians had perfected various elements of human civilization before all other peoples ("see Protochronism"). Based on his theories about social cohesion, Urechia also expressed his distaste for political factionalism. An article of his in "Adunarea Naţională" reacted against the split between the National Liberal group (the "Reds") and the Conservative Party (the "Whites"): "Victory will only be possible when Romanianism is neither red nor white".
Late in his life, the writer coined another term, "daco-românism" ("Daco-Romanianism"), which referenced the ancient territory of Dacia and, through it, to the ideal of grouping together all territories inhabited by Romanians outside the Old Kingdom's borders. This allusion to Transylvania contributed to his polemic with Austro-Hungarian authorities, who came to regard the term with suspicion. At the same time, Urechia sought to build contacts with representatives of other Romance-speaking communities in the Balkans, Aromanians as well as Megleno-Romanians and Istro-Romanians, as well as with Romanian leaders from Bukovina and Bessarabia. After the Russo-Turkish War, when Romanian rule was extended to formerly Ottoman Northern Dobruja, he called for the region's Romanianization through colonization and changes in toponymy.
Urechia's had conflicting attitudes on the cohabitation of Romanians and ethnic minorities. His "Coliba Măriucăi", one of the first novels in Romanian literature to explore social problems from a critical perspective, and written just as slavery was being outlawed in Moldavia, he expresses sympathy for the persecuted Romani community. In contrast with this approach, the statements made by Urechia in his conflict with Lazăr Şăineanu show an antisemitic side to his Romanianism, which academic Michael Shafir rates as "cultural" and "economic" rather than "racial". While debating Şăineanu's status in academia, Urechia claimed: "A person foreign to our nation's fiber could never awaken in the mind and heart of the young generation the image of our past [...]. How will that person recognize those pulsations in the historical life of Romanians, when he has nothing in common with people's aspirations?" Urechia was especially adverse to Şăineanu's study on the traditional references to Jews as "Tatars" and "Uriaşi", as a reference to an Early Medieval presence of Khazars in present-day Romanian territories. He therefore publicly accused Şăineanu of making it seem that the Jews had a historical precedent over Romanians. Literary critic Laszlo Alexandru writes that Urechia's reading of the text was "in bad faith", and his conclusions "slanderous". In 1895, during the final Senate vote on Şăineanu's naturalization, Urechia gave an applauded speech in which he likened the linguist with the Trojan Horse, urging his fellow parliamentarians not to allow "a foreigner into the Romanian citadel".
"Beţia de cuvinte".
As part of their Romantic reaction against the "Junimist" call for professionalization, controlled modernization and Westernization, the "Revista Contimporană" group sought to portray the liberal approach as motivated by historical precedence. George Călinescu writes: "By studying, as superficially and bombastically as they did, a chronicler [..., the group sought to inculcate the idea of tradition." Titu Maiorescu had by then reacted against this approach, accusing his adversaries of enforcing "forms without substance" (that is, ill-adapted to the Romanian realities which they claimed to address), and directed his accusations specifically against the University of Bucharest faculty, exposing the heads of department for lacking training in their fields of choice.
Maiorescu replied to his adversaries in "Beţia de cuvinte", where he emphasized his group's overall rejection and occasional derision of traditional Romanian literature, and commented that both the model and its defenders had produced a characteristically prolix style. The "Junimist" figure also focused on discussing errors in Urechia's works, particularly when it came to his pronouncements on the philosophy of history. According to Maiorescu, the context had conflated two separate topics into one phrase, and unwittingly made it seem that the 18th-century "philosophe" Voltaire was active in the 17th century. Călinescu used this point to illustrate Maiorescu's polemic technique, which involved presenting his adversaries with "propositions cruelly selected from the textbook on logic". The text referenced other false claims made by Urechia, questioning his competence. It cited him arguing that the 4th-century Imperial Roman historian Ammianus Marcellinus was a source on the 5th-century rule of Attila the Hun, that philosophers Gottfried Leibniz and René Descartes were historians, and that painter Cimabue was an architect. In what Lucian Boia deems "perhaps most successful page", Maiorescu ridiculed Urechia's claim that 18th-century Wallachian poet Ienăchiţă Văcărescu was superior to Germany's Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
Urechia, Laurian, Ghica and Petru Grădişteanu decided to issue a common reply to Maiorescu's accusations, using Rosetti's newspaper "Românul" as their venue. One of Urechia's texts in the series accused Maiorescu of "mocking for the urge of mocking", and called "Beţia de cuvinte" "an unqualifiable diatribe". He defended his group as the true representatives of a cultural line leading back to the Wallachian uprising of 1821, and rhetorically asked Maiorescu: "could it be true that in these 50 years all that was planted in the national soil are feather grass and creeping thistle?" Tudor Vianu, who believes Urechia had "too much knowledge of things", cautions that " pen would slide too fast over paper". He defines Urechia's reply as "gauche and prolix". While he criticizes Urechia's views on history, literary historian Z. Ornea believes that he was justified in opposing "Junimist" "exclusivism", especially when rejecting Maiorescu's theory that the state needed to redesign its educational system by closing down universities and building more primary schools.
Maiorescu himself answered to his critics in another article, detailing their rebuttals and arguing that they were proof of "ignoratio elenchi". Elsewhere, the same critic stated his amusement at reading in "Adunarea Naţională" that the 1859 union had spurred on the Risorgimento and German unification, and that the 1784 Transylvanian rebellion had made possible the French Revolution. An unsigned article published the conservative newspaper "Timpul" in 1877, believed by literary historian Z. Ornea to be the work of Maiorescu, accuses V. A. Urechia, Xenofon Gheorghiu, Nicolae Ionescu, Ştefan Şendrea, Andrei Vizanti and others of being inactive academics and corrupt public figures. Such criticism was being repeated in later years: writing some twenty years later, Urechia expressed his disappointment that a Bucharest journal had more recently mocked his activist stance and had referred to him as a "road junction orator".
Personal life.
Urechia's marriage to Luiza produced three children: sons Nestor and Alceu and daughter Corina. The Urechias' relationship, likened by Călinescu to a "Greek tragedy", was the topic of innuendo and scandal. Painter Nicolae Grigorescu was allegedly in love with Luiza Wirth, and painted several portraits of her, including one in the nude. The latter painting was described by Călinescu as "indiscreet voluptuous". Their marriage was allegedly a "ménage à trois", involving Luiza's sister Ana. Rumors also had it that the two other Wirth sisters, Carlotta, who was Queen Elisabeth's music tutor, and Emilia, wife of Romanian Army General Staff Chief Nicolae Dona, were also V. A. Urechia's lovers. Such claims of sororal polygyny were notably popularized by Eminescu, who once described Urechia as a "poor fellow who has two keep two sisters as his wives."
Story has it that Dona's son, officer Alexandru Guriţă, was Urechia's illegitimate son. Oblivious to this, Guriţă had fallen in love with Corina and was planning to marry her, before Urechia stepped in and revealed that they would be committing incest. The two lovers committed suicide. After her divorce from Urechia, Luiza lived with I. G. Cantacuzino; their son was Gheorghe Cantacuzino-Grănicerul, future general and provisional leader of the fascist Iron Guard. In early 1882, after she remarried a man named Hristu Cuţiana, but died in August of the same year.
Legacy.
"Junimist" sentiments regarding Urechia were backed by several authoritative critics in later periods. Thus, Călinescu dismissed the author's overall contribution to literature as "mawkish", and referred to "Legende române" as "almost trivial in style." In contrast, Vianu believes the latter to be "entertainingly told". According to the 1995 "Cambridge Guide to Theatre", Urechia was "most successful as an author of historical melodramas", but, like his contemporaries George Bengescu-Dabija, Haralamb Lecca, Ronetti Roman and Grigore Ventura, is "no longer in fashion."
From early on, Urechia was defended against criticism by people who shared his views. In his speech to commemorate the writer's death, Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu claimed: "As an agitator for the benefit and growth of the Romanian nation, Urechia was sublime; no one shall replace him, nothing shall be able to shadow him when it comes to our national history, in which he will endure as an archangel of enthusiasm in the memory of all Romanians". According to cultural historian Ovidiu Pecican, Hasdeu, with political support from National Liberal leader Ion Brătianu, managed to impose a nationalist cultural model to compete with "Junimea", thus ensuring that both Urechia and his rival Şăineanu, alongside George Dem. Teodorescu, Grigore Tocilescu, George Ionescu-Gion, Alexandru Vlahuţă and other Bucharest-based figures, addressed an alternative and autonomous milieu. Partly building on the observations made by literary critic Alexandru George, Z. Ornea notes that, for all his "real inadequacies", Urechia "was but moreover became incontestably superior to many members of ["Junimea"] who were much amused when reading Maiorescu's admirable lampoon." Ornea also concluded that, with his final historical works, particularly "Istoria şcoalelor", Urechia contributed texts "relevant to this day". Although Maiorescu's early treatment of Urechia's work left an enduring impact on his public image, the author came to be viewed with more sympathy during the 20th century. Among the influential monographs which reclaimed part of his writings was one published by Alexandru George in 1976. According to Ornea, it and other such works "reclaim a fairer and more lenient posterity." Urechia's work as a teacher and cultural promoter also reflected on intellectual life: dramatist Alexandru Davila was one of the V. A. Urechia Institute graduates, and, according to Tudor Vianu, Urechia's post-1870s support for Macedonski, together with similar efforts by Ionescu-Gion, Tocilescu, Anghel Demetriescu, Bonifaciu Florescu, Th. M. Stoenescu, was largely responsible for passing down "a better and truer image of the abused poet."
After World War I, Alceu Urechia issued protests against the intellectual establishment, who, he argued, had obscured his father's contribution to the historical process whereby Greater Romania had been created. Historian Nicolae Iorga, who took over chairmanship of the Cultural League in 1932, paid tribute to his predecessor, referring to his "unbound wish to be of service in every area and his great talent to win over by means of an appealing form of vanity".
Although their author was the recipient of much criticism over his inconsistencies, V. A. Urechia's books enjoyed a steady popularity. This was in particular the case with "Legende române", parts of which were translated into Italian. Unlike his other texts, "Legende" was prevented by Hungarian censors from circulating within Transylvania, and had to make its way in only through the Cisleithanian part of the monarchy. It was republished in a 1904 definitive edition by Editura Socec. His "Albumul macedo-român" and "Voci latine" were placed by art historian Gheorghe Oprescu among "the most beautiful and elegant turn-of-the-century Romanian books." In 1878, to mark his presence at the International Congress of Anthropological and Ethnological Sciences, the "Société d'Ethnographie" presented Urechia with a bust in his likeness, sculpted by Wladimir Hegel. Thirty-three years later, his Transylvanian collaborators dedicated him an album, which included a poem written especially for him by George Coşbuc. Urechia's book collection, which he had turned into a public library, is managed by the city of Galaţi.
In addition to the writings of his adversaries Maiorescu and Eminescu, Urechia was the subject of satirical pieces written by various other authors. They include his employee Ronetti Roman and the "Junimist" figure Iacob Negruzzi. Grigorescu's portraits of Luiza Urechia, including the nude (which is said to be worth 100,000 euros), found their way into the art collection of General Dona's son, physician Iosif Dona, and were later inherited by the National Museum of Art. The museum lost ownership of the entire Dona collection in 2007, after its property rights were successfully disputed in court by rival claimants.

</doc>
<doc id="20646719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646719" title="Tom Balanoff">
Tom Balanoff

Tom Balanoff is the president of Service Employees International Union Illinois Council and the Vice President of its International Executive Board, as well as the President of SEIU Local 1 with 40,000 janitors and security guards.
He comes from a family of labor union officials. His father, James Balanoff, Jr., was the president of the largest steelworker’s local in the country (Local 1010 based in East Chicago, Ind.). He received a Master's degree in Labor from the University of Illinois. 
Balanoff gave a speech at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, supporting Barack Obama for President. 
Balanoff is believed to be the unnamed "SEIU official" mentioned in the December 9, 2008 federal criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.
</ref> His name was also mentioned at the Blagojevich trial as a person Barack Obama called to help Valerie Jarrett replace him as a senator.

</doc>
<doc id="20646720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646720" title="Index of Saint Pierre and Miquelon-related articles">
Index of Saint Pierre and Miquelon-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the French territorial collectivity of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.

</doc>
<doc id="20646723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646723" title="Defunct">
Defunct


</doc>
<doc id="20646740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646740" title="Velcro">
Velcro

Velcro is a company that produces the first commercially marketed fabric hook and loop fastener, invented in 1948 by the Swiss electrical engineer George de Mestral. De Mestral patented Velcro in 1955, subsequently refining and developing its practical manufacture until its commercial introduction in the late 1950s.
The word "Velcro" is a portmanteau of the two French words "velours" ("velvet"), and "crochet" ("hook").
Hook-and-loop fasteners consist of two components: typically, two lineal fabric strips (or, alternatively, round "dots" or squares) which are attached (e.g., sewn, adhered, etc.) to the opposing surfaces to be fastened. The first component features tiny hooks; the second features even smaller and "hairier" loops. When the two components are pressed together, the hooks catch in the loops and the two pieces fasten or bind temporarily during the time that they are pressed together. When separated, by pulling or peeling the two surfaces apart, the velcro strips make a distinctive "ripping" sound.
The first Velcro sample was made of cotton, which proved impractical and was replaced by Nylon and polyester. Velcro fasteners made of Teflon loops, polyester hooks, and glass backing are used in aerospace applications, e.g. on space shuttles.
Variations on the standard Velcro hook-and-loop fasteners include hooks on both faces, buttons, zippers, laces, and buckles.
The term "Velcro" is commonly used to mean any type of hook-and-loop fastener, but remains a registered trademark in many countries used by the Velcro company to distinguish their brand of fasteners from their competitors. The Velcro company headquarters is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
History.
The hook-and-loop fastener was conceived in 1941 by Swiss engineer, George de Mestral who lived in Commugny, Switzerland.
The idea came to him one day after returning from a hunting trip with his dog in the Alps. He took a close look at the burrs (seeds) of burdock that kept sticking to his clothes and his dog's fur. He examined them under a microscope, and noted their hundreds of "hooks" that caught on anything with a loop, such as clothing, animal fur, or hair. He saw the possibility of binding two materials reversibly in a simple fashion if he could figure out how to duplicate the hooks and loops. Velcro is viewed by some like Steven Vogel or Werner Nachtigall as a key example of inspiration from nature or the copying of nature's mechanisms (called bionics or biomimesis).
Originally people refused to take de Mestral seriously when he took his idea to Lyon, which was then a center of weaving. He did manage to gain the help of one weaver, who made two cotton strips that worked. However, the cotton wore out quickly, so de Mestral turned to synthetic fibers. He settled on nylon as being the best synthetic, which had several advantages. Nylon doesn’t break down, rot, or attract mold, and it could be produced in threads of various thickness. Nylon had only recently been invented, and through trial and error he eventually discovered that, when sewn under hot infrared light, nylon forms hooks that were perfect for the hook side of the fastener. Though he had figured out how to make the hooks, he had yet to figure out a way to mechanize the process, and to make the looped side. Next he found that nylon thread, when woven in loops and heat-treated, retains its shape and is resilient; however, the loops had to be cut in just the right spot so that they could be fastened and unfastened many times. On the verge of giving up, a new idea came to him. He bought a pair of shears and trimmed the tops off the loops, thus creating hooks that would match up perfectly with the loops in the pile.
Mechanizing the process of weaving the hooks took eight years, and it took another year to create the loom that trimmed the loops after weaving them. In all, it took ten years to create a mechanized process that worked. He submitted his idea for patent in Switzerland in 1951 and the patent was granted in 1955. Within a few years he obtained patents and began to open shops in Germany, Switzerland, Great Britain, Sweden, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Canada. In 1957 he branched out to the textile center of Manchester, New Hampshire in the United States. Columnist Sylvia Porter made the first mention of the product in her column "Your Money's Worth" of August 25, 1958, writing "It is with understandable enthusiasm that I give you today an exclusive report on this news: A 'zipperless zipper' has been invented — finally. The new fastening device is in many ways potentially more revolutionary than was the zipper a quarter century ago." A Montreal firm, Velek, Ltd., acquired the exclusive right to market the product in North and South America, as well as in Japan, with American Velcro, Inc. of New Hampshire, and Velcro Sales of New York, marketing the "zipperless zipper" in the United States.
De Mestral obtained patents in many countries right after inventing Velcro as he expected a high demand immediately. Partly due to its cosmetic appearance, though, Velcro's integration into the textile industry took time. At the time, Velcro looked like it had been made from leftover bits of cheap fabric, and thus was not sewn into clothing or used widely when it debuted in the early 1960s. It was also viewed as impractical.
A number of Velcro brand products were displayed at a fashion show at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel in New York in 1959, and the fabric got its first break when it was used in the aerospace industry to help astronauts maneuver in and out of bulky space suits. However, this reinforced the view among the populace that Velcro was something with very limited utilitarian uses. The next major use Velcro saw was with skiers, who saw the similarities between their costume and the astronauts, and thus saw the advantages of a suit that was easier to don and remove. Scuba and marine gear followed soon after. Having seen astronauts storing food pouches on walls, children's clothing makers came on board. As Velcro only became widely used after NASA's adoption of it, NASA is popularly — and incorrectly — credited with its invention. By the mid-1960s Velcro was used in the futuristic creations of fashion designers such as Pierre Cardin, André Courrèges and Paco Rabanne.
Later improvements included strengthening the filament by adding polyester.
In 1978 de Mestral's patent expired, prompting a flood of low-cost imitations from Taiwan, China and South Korea onto the market. Today, the trademark is the subject of more than 300 trademark registrations in over 159 countries. George de Mestral was inducted into the national inventors hall of fame for his invention.
The big breakthrough George de Mestral made was to think about hook-and-eye closures on a greatly reduced scale. Hook and eye fasteners have been common for centuries, but what was new about Velcro was the miniaturisation of the hooks and eyes. Shrinking the hooks led to the two other important differences. Firstly, instead of a single-file line of hooks, Velcro has a two-dimensional surface. This was needed, because in decreasing the size of the hooks, the strength was also unavoidably lessened, thus requiring more hooks for the same strength. The other difference is that Velcro has indeterminate match-up between the hooks and eyes. With larger hook and eye fasteners, each hook has its own eye. On a scale as small as that of Velcro, matching up each of these hooks with the corresponding eye is impractical, thus leading to the indeterminate matching.
Applications.
Because it is easy to use, maintenance free and safe, the hook-and-loop fasteners have been used for just about every conceivable application where a temporary bond is required. It is especially popular in clothing where it replaces buttons or zippers, and as a shoe fastener for children who have not yet learned to tie shoelaces and for those who choose Velcro over laces. Velcro is used in adaptive clothing, which is clothing designed for people with physical disabilities, the elderly, and the infirm who may experience difficulty dressing themselves due to an inability to manipulate closures, such as buttons and zippers. As Velcro is easier to manipulate, it makes a good replacement.
Velcro held together a human heart during the first artificial heart surgery, and it is used in nuclear power plants and army tanks to hold flashlights to walls. Cars use it to bond headliners, floor mats and speaker covers. It is used in the home when pleating draperies, holding carpets in place and attaching upholstery, among many other things. It closes backpacks, briefcases and notebooks, secures pockets, and holds disposable diapers, and diaper covers for cloth diapers, on babies. It is an integral part of the game tag rugby, is used in surfboard leashes and orthopaedic braces.
NASA makes significant use of Velcro. Each space shuttle flew equipped with ten thousand inches of a special Velcro made of Teflon loops, polyester hooks, and glass backing. Velcro is used everywhere, from the astronauts' suits, to anchoring equipment. In the near weightless conditions in orbit, Velcro is used to temporarily hold objects and keep them from floating away. A Velcro patch is used inside astronauts' helmets where it serves as a nose scratcher. During mealtimes astronauts use trays that attach to their thighs using spring and Velcro fasteners.
The US Army is another user. It uses Velcro fasteners on combat uniforms to attach name tapes, rank insignia, shoulder pockets for unit patches, skill tabs, and recognition devices, such as the infrared (IR) feedback American flag. Velcro USA has introduced a silent version of Velcro called Quiet Closure.
There have been some failed uses for Velcro as well. One such failure was a worm collar that consisted of a cylindrical strip that anglers were supposed to slip over their live bait. The Velcro was supposed to snag in the teeth of striking bass.
Variations on Velcro.
Slidingly Engaging Fastener was developed to address several problems with velcro.
Heavy duty variants (e.g., "Dual Lock" or "Duotec") feature mushroom shaped stems on each face of the fastener, providing an audible snap when the two faces mate. A strong adhesive backing adheres each component to its substrate.
On August 26, 2013, YKK Corporation a subsidiary of YKK Group, filed a patent infringement complaint in the Middle District of Georgia against Velcro USA Inc. relating to a fastener strip used in foam molded products like a cushion body used for an automobile seat.
In popular culture.
In the fictional universe of "Star Trek", Velcro is, albeit indirectly, invented by the Vulcans. In the "" episode "Carbon Creek", a sample of Velcro is taken from a crashed Vulcan starship and given to a patent clerk to raise money for a teenage boy's college career. (Also, one of the Vulcan crewmembers in that episode is named Mestral, an obvious nod to Georges de Mestral.)

</doc>
<doc id="20646743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646743" title="Jeanne Lambrew">
Jeanne Lambrew

Jeanne Lambrew is a United States professor of public affairs and health policy. She has been named to serve in the Obama administration as Deputy Director of the new White House Office of Health Reform.
Education.
Lambrew earned a master's and a Ph.D. in Health Policy at the School of Public Health at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill. Her bachelor's degree came from Amherst College.
Career.
Jeanne Lambrew was named on May 11, 2009 by newly confirmed Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to the position of Director at The Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Health Reform. 
Lambrew has been a leading health expert alternately in academic and government. Her research interests include the uninsured, long-term care, Medicaid and Medicare. From 1997 to 2001, she helped analyze health issues and develop proposals as a program associate director at the Office of Management and Budget and as the senior health analyst at the National Economic Council.
She began as an assistant professor at Georgetown University. She moved to the Department of Health and Human Services during the 1993-94 push for health care legislation, and she went on to coordinate budget proposal analysis in 1995. She later worked at the George Washington School of Public Health and Health Services as an Associate Professor. She moved to the Lyndon Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas, where she has been an associate professor of public affairs. She has also served as a Senior Fellow at Center for American Progress, and she cowrote a book, "Critical: What We Can Do About the Healthcare Crisis", with former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle. 
At a press conference on December 11, 2008, President-elect Barack Obama announced that Lambrew would serve as Deputy Director of a newly created White House Office of Health Care Reform under Tom Daschle, who was also designated to serve as Secretary of Health and Human Services. Due to Tom Daschle withdrawing from both positions over tax issues, Nancy-Ann Min DeParle was appointed Director. Under an executive order on April 11, 2009, Jeanne Lambrew was subsequently appointed the Director of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Health Reform, led by Kathleen Sebelius. The Department's Office of Health Reform will work closely with the White House Office of Health Reform, headed by Nancy-Ann DeParle.
During her time in the white house, Ms. Lambrew received confidential tax information from the IRS but was never prosecuted. 

</doc>
<doc id="20646749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646749" title="Albin Andersson">
Albin Andersson

Albin Andersson (December 22, 1873 – July 30, 1949) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Centre Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20646752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646752" title="Individual Television Experience">
Individual Television Experience

The Individual Television Experience (or Individual TV Experience) is a collection of consumer demands and behavioral patterns that includes the personalization of television viewing, including the ability to watch content free of broadcaster schedules and the ability to consume content on video display devices other than the traditional ‘home’ television set, such as PCs and mobile phones.
Consumer research.
The Individual Television Experience has been identified following consumer research carried out through the Ericsson Consumer Lab into what people expect from television, a project that includes 35,000 interviews in more than 25 countries. It is considered especially relevant to the younger consumer demographic described as Digital Natives. Cable television service provider UPC Switzerland has linked a more personalized television experience that includes time-shifting of television viewing to the term ‘Individual Television Experience’.
Personalized television.
The Individual Television Experience includes the desire for TV that is personal, meaning that people want to control what programming they watch and when they watch it, and which devices they watch it on. This includes the ability to time-shift television programming.
The ability for consumers to watch ‘what they want, when they want’ - sometimes described as the ability to watch TV on your own schedule - is a publicized benefit of Video on Demand (VOD) services available on cable and IPTV television systems The World Cable Association describes Video on Demand as a "service that is revolutionizing the way television is being watched. It goes by your schedule; you choose what you want to watch and when you want to watch it!" In publicity about its new IPTV service, U.S. telecoms company Verizon states that "with video-on-demand from FiOS TV, you can watch what you want, when you want."
UPC Switzerland has advertised the ability for consumers to control the programming they watch, and when they watch it, under the campaign banner ‘Individual Television Experience’. The company was recognized in the CTAM Europe Creative Awards Program for its cablecom advertising, in which a husband explains how his wife likes to go hiking or skiing at weekends while he would prefer to stay at home watching TV. The advert describes how it is now easy to "record everything at the push of a button and watch recorded content whenever you want," and illustrates the point by recording a weather report for time-shifted viewing.
Mobility and convergence.
The Individual Television Experience recognizes the demand for TV that is high quality, which includes the need for HDTV and for TV that connects consumers to their activities on mobile phones and PCs, including content creation such as user-generated content. Content mobility is considered an important part of the Individual Television Experience.
Ericsson and TANDBERG Television have directly linked the ability to deliver video across multiple television/communications platforms to multiple screens – including satellite television, cable TV and digital terrestrial TV – to the Individual Television Experience. The ability to deliver and receive integrated video content via PCs, TVs and mobile devices is considered by some commentators to be the 'holy grail' of service providers, as broadcasting and fixed and mobile communications converge.
The Individual Television Experience has been linked to the convergence of live television and on-demand video (such as Video on Demand) with broadband, mobile and fixed-line telephony services and has been portrayed as ‘converged TV’ because of its emphasis on the availability of television content to any consumer device including mobile phones. Swedish company Ericsson has argued that the Individual Television Experience is a means for television/communications providers, and especially telecoms and broadband companies offering television services (IPTV), to improve the consumer TV experience and attract new customers and revenues.
The term Individual Television Experience has been applied to a television delivery/consumption paradigm where four key consumer desires are met, namely TV that is personal, TV that is high quality, TV that connects consumers to other multimedia activities, and TV that is value for money. The concept is also being applied in the context of one or more of these consumer desires being present.
Multi-screen television services.
A television and communications network operator that provides consumers with the Individual Television Experience is being described as a ‘Televisionary’. A Televisionary is expected to deliver video content to multiple screens (TV, PC and mobile phone) seamlessly including high-definition video and enable consumers to achieve interactivity between the TV, PC and mobile devices, which should be able to talk to each other and have instant, real-time access to the Internet regardless of their location.
A Televisionary service provider enables time-shift television services such as Start-Over TV functionality and the ability to transfer recorded content from one device to another, such as television recordings taken from home and watched on a PC in the work environment. This combination of multimedia content mobility and time-shifted control of viewing are core principles of the Individual Television Experience and the concepts of Televisionary, Individual Television Experience and Personalized TV Experience are closely linked.
A number of technology suppliers are developing products to enable the multi-platform capabilities linked to the Individual Television Experience and Televisionary, including Alcatel-Lucent, SeaChange International Inc, ARRIS and particularly Swedish company Ericsson. Adi Kishore, Senior Analyst at Heavy Reading, says Ericsson has been "the most aggressive in this area with its Televisionary campaign". Ericsson has outlined the multi-platform service future in a series of Televisionary Roadshows, including in Sydney, Moscow and Cape Town.
The goal of enabling the seamless, multi-screen services at the heart of the Individual Television Experience is considered the ultimate ambition for telecoms and broadband companies offering television services (IPTV) but is something that is still at the proof of concept stage. It will require a complicated technology and service ecosystem and new network capabilities for both fixed and wireless broadband but there are realistic expectations that this will evolve from technologies that are available today.

</doc>
<doc id="20646755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646755" title="Alban McCoy">
Alban McCoy

Alban McCoy OFM Conv is a British Catholic writer and priest.
McCoy is the author of "An Intelligent Person's Guide to Christian Ethics" (2004) and "An Intelligent Person's Guide to Catholicism" (2005, new ed. 2008). Since 1995, he has been the Religious Books Editor of The Tablet. Until 2013, he was the Catholic chaplain to the University of Cambridge. He is now Dean and Fellow of St Edmund's College, Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20646765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646765" title="Turkey Creek, Florida">
Turkey Creek, Florida

Turkey Creek is a rural, unincorporated community located in eastern Hillsborough County, Florida. The community is served by a 33527 ZIP Code.
Geography.
Palm River is located at 27.977 North, 82.185 West, or about 3 miles west-southwest of Plant City. The elevation of the community is 92 feet above sea level.
Description.
Turkey Creek approximate boundaries include Dover to the west, Interstate 4 to the north, Plant City to the east, and State Road 60 to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20646768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646768" title="Alvar Andersson">
Alvar Andersson

Alvar Andersson (October 27, 1913 – 1999) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Centre Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20646771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646771" title="Kristjan">
Kristjan

Kristjan is the spelling of the name Christian in Estonian language and Slovenian language.
People named Kristjan include:

</doc>
<doc id="20646772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646772" title="Vibration">
Vibration

Vibration is a mechanical phenomenon whereby oscillations occur about an equilibrium point. The oscillations may be periodic such as the motion of a pendulum or random such as the movement of a tire on a gravel road.
Vibration is occasionally "desirable". For example the motion of a tuning fork, the reed in a woodwind instrument or harmonica, or mobile phones or the cone of a loudspeaker is desirable vibration, necessary for the correct functioning of the various devices.
More often, vibration is undesirable, wasting energy and creating unwanted sound – noise. For example, the vibrational motions of engines, electric motors, or any mechanical device in operation are typically unwanted. Such vibrations can be caused by imbalances in the rotating parts, uneven friction, the meshing of gear teeth, etc. Careful designs usually minimize unwanted vibrations.
The study of sound and vibration are closely related. Sound, or "pressure waves", are generated by vibrating structures (e.g. vocal cords); these pressure waves can also induce the vibration of structures (e.g. ear drum). Hence, when trying to reduce noise it is often a problem in trying to reduce vibration.
Vibration testing.
Vibration testing is accomplished by introducing a forcing function into a structure, usually with some type of shaker. Alternately, a DUT (device under test) is attached to the "table" of a shaker. Vibration testing is performed to examine the response of a device under test (DUT) to a defined vibration environment. The measured response may be fatigue life, resonant frequencies or squeak and rattle sound output (NVH). Squeak and rattle testing is performed with a special type of "quiet shaker" that produces very low sound levels while under operation.
For relatively low frequency forcing, servohydraulic (electrohydraulic) shakers are used. For higher frequencies, electrodynamic shakers are used. Generally, one or more "input" or "control" points located on the DUT-side of a fixture is kept at a specified acceleration. Other "response" points experience maximum vibration level (resonance) or minimum vibration level (anti-resonance). It is often desirable to achieve anti-resonance in order to keep a system from becoming too noisy, or to reduce strain on certain parts of a system due to vibration modes caused by specific frequencies of vibration.
The most common types of vibration testing services conducted by vibration test labs are Sinusoidal and Random. Sine (one-frequency-at-a-time) tests are performed to survey the structural response of the device under test (DUT). A random (all frequencies at once) test is generally considered to more closely replicate a real world environment, such as road inputs to a moving automobile.
Most vibration testing is conducted in a 'single DUT axis' at a time, even though most real-world vibration occurs in various axes simultaneously. MIL-STD-810G, released in late 2008, Test Method 527, calls for multiple exciter testing. The "vibration test fixture" which is used to attach the DUT to the shaker table must be designed for the frequency range of the vibration test spectrum. Generally for smaller fixtures and lower frequency ranges, the designer targets a fixture design which is free of resonances in the test frequency range. This becomes more difficult as the DUT gets larger and as the test frequency increases, and in these cases multi-point control strategies can be employed to mitigate some of the resonances which may be present in the future.
Devices specifically designed to trace or record vibrations are called vibroscopes.
Vibration analysis.
The fundamentals of vibration analysis can be understood by studying the simple mass–spring–damper model. Indeed, even a complex structure such as an automobile body can be modeled as a "summation" of simple mass–spring–damper models. The mass–spring–damper model is an example of a simple harmonic oscillator. The mathematics used to describe its behavior is identical to other simple harmonic oscillators such as the RLC circuit.
Note: In this article the step by step mathematical derivations will not be included, but will focus on the major equations and concepts in vibration analysis. Please refer to the references at the end of the article for detailed derivations.
Free vibration without damping.
The force generated by the mass is proportional to the acceleration of the mass as given by Newton’s second law of motion :
The sum of the forces on the mass then generates this ordinary differential equation: formula_3 
This solution says that it will oscillate with simple harmonic motion that has an amplitude of "A" and a frequency of "fn". The number "fn" is called the undamped natural frequency. For the simple mass–spring system, "fn" is defined as:
Note: angular frequency ω (ω=2 π "f") with the units of radians per second is often used in equations because it simplifies the equations, but is normally converted to “standard” frequency (units of Hz or equivalently cycles per second) when stating the frequency of a system. If the mass and stiffness of the system is known the frequency at which the system will vibrate once it is set in motion by an initial disturbance can be determined using the above stated formula. Every vibrating system has one or more natural frequencies that it will vibrate at once it is disturbed. This simple relation can be used to understand in general what will happen to a more complex system once we add mass or stiffness. For example, the above formula explains why when a car or truck is fully loaded the suspension will feel ″softer″ than unloaded because the mass has increased and therefore reduced the natural frequency of the system.
What causes the system to vibrate: from conservation of energy point of view.
Vibrational motion could be understood in terms of conservation of energy. In the above example the spring has been extended by a value of x and therefore some potential energy (formula_6) is stored in the spring. Once released, the spring tends to return to its un-stretched state (which is the minimum potential energy state) and in the process accelerates the mass. At the point where the spring has reached its un-stretched state all the potential energy that we supplied by stretching it has been transformed into kinetic energy (formula_7). The mass then begins to decelerate because it is now compressing the spring and in the process transferring the kinetic energy back to its potential. Thus oscillation of the spring amounts to the transferring back and forth of the kinetic energy into potential energy. In this simple model the mass will continue to oscillate forever at the same magnitude, but in a real system there is always damping that dissipates the energy, eventually bringing it to rest.
Free vibration with damping.
When a "viscous" damper is added to the model that outputs a force that is proportional to the velocity of the mass. The damping is called viscous because it models the effects of a fluid within an object. The proportionality constant "c" is called the damping coefficient and has units of Force over velocity (lbf s/ in or N s/m).
Summing the forces on the mass results in the following ordinary differential equation:
The solution to this equation depends on the amount of damping. If the damping is small enough the system will still vibrate, but eventually, over time, will stop vibrating. This case is called underdamping – this case is of most interest in vibration analysis. If the damping is increased just to the point where the system no longer oscillates the point of critical damping is reached (if the damping is increased past critical damping the system is called overdamped). The value that the damping coefficient needs to reach for critical damping in the mass spring damper model is:
To characterize the amount of damping in a system a ratio called the damping ratio (also known as damping factor and % critical damping) is used. This damping ratio is just a ratio of the actual damping over the amount of damping required to reach critical damping. The formula for the damping ratio (formula_11) of the mass spring damper model is:
For example, metal structures (e.g. airplane fuselage, engine crankshaft) will have damping factors less than 0.05 while automotive suspensions in the range of 0.2–0.3.
The solution to the underdamped system for the mass spring damper model is the following:
The value of "X", the initial magnitude, and formula_14 the phase shift, are determined by the amount the spring is stretched. The formulas for these values can be found in the references.
Damped and undamped natural frequencies.
The major points to note from the solution are the exponential term and the cosine function. The exponential term defines how quickly the system “damps” down – the larger the damping ratio, the quicker it damps to zero. The cosine function is the oscillating portion of the solution, but the frequency of the oscillations is different from the undamped case.
The frequency in this case is called the "damped natural frequency", formula_15 and is related to the undamped natural frequency by the following formula:
The damped natural frequency is less than the undamped natural frequency, but for many practical cases the damping ratio is relatively small and hence the difference is negligible. Therefore the damped and undamped description are often dropped when stating the natural frequency (e.g. with 0.1 damping ratio, the damped natural frequency is only 1% less than the undamped).
The plots to the side present how 0.1 and 0.3 damping ratios effect how the system will “ring” down over time. What is often done in practice is to experimentally measure the free vibration after an impact (for example by a hammer) and then determine the natural frequency of the system by measuring the rate of oscillation as well as the damping ratio by measuring the rate of decay. The natural frequency and damping ratio are not only important in free vibration, but also characterize how a system will behave under forced vibration.
Forced vibration with damping.
The behavior of the spring mass damper model varies with the addition of a harmonic force. A force of this type could, for example, be generated by a rotating imbalance.
Summing the forces on the mass results in the following ordinary differential equation:
The steady state solution of this problem can be written as:
The result states that the mass will oscillate at the same frequency, "f", of the applied force, but with a phase shift formula_20
The amplitude of the vibration “X” is defined by the following formula.
Where “r” is defined as the ratio of the harmonic force frequency over the undamped natural frequency of the mass–spring–damper model.
The phase shift, formula_23 is defined by the following formula.
The plot of these functions, called "the frequency response of the system", presents one of the most important features in forced vibration. In a lightly damped system when the forcing frequency nears the natural frequency (formula_25) the amplitude of the vibration can get extremely high. This phenomenon is called resonance (subsequently the natural frequency of a system is often referred to as the resonant frequency). In rotor bearing systems any rotational speed that excites a resonant frequency is referred to as a critical speed.
If resonance occurs in a mechanical system it can be very harmful – leading to eventual failure of the system. Consequently, one of the major reasons for vibration analysis is to predict when this type of resonance may occur and then to determine what steps to take to prevent it from occurring. As the amplitude plot shows, adding damping can significantly reduce the magnitude of the vibration. Also, the magnitude can be reduced if the natural frequency can be shifted away from the forcing frequency by changing the stiffness or mass of the system. If the system cannot be changed, perhaps the forcing frequency can be shifted (for example, changing the speed of the machine generating the force).
The following are some other points in regards to the forced vibration shown in the frequency response plots.
What causes resonance?
Resonance is simple to understand if the spring and mass are viewed as energy storage elements – with the mass storing kinetic energy and the spring storing potential energy. As discussed earlier, when the mass and spring have no external force acting on them they transfer energy back and forth at a rate equal to the natural frequency. In other words, if energy is to be efficiently pumped into both the mass and spring the energy source needs to feed the energy in at a rate equal to the natural frequency. Applying a force to the mass and spring is similar to pushing a child on swing, a push is needed at the correct moment to make the swing get higher and higher. As in the case of the swing, the force applied does not necessarily have to be high to get large motions; the pushes just need to keep adding energy into the system.
The damper, instead of storing energy, dissipates energy. Since the damping force is proportional to the velocity, the more the motion, the more the damper dissipates the energy. Therefore a point will come when the energy dissipated by the damper will equal the energy being fed in by the force. At this point, the system has reached its maximum amplitude and will continue to vibrate at this level as long as the force applied stays the same. If no damping exists, there is nothing to dissipate the energy and therefore theoretically the motion will continue to grow on into infinity.
Applying "complex" forces to the mass–spring–damper model.
In a previous section only a simple harmonic force was applied to the model, but this can be extended considerably using two powerful mathematical tools. The first is the Fourier transform that takes a signal as a function of time (time domain) and breaks it down into its harmonic components as a function of frequency (frequency domain). For example, by applying a force to the mass–spring–damper model that repeats the following cycle – a force equal to 1 newton for 0.5 second and then no force for 0.5 second. This type of force has the shape of a 1 Hz square wave.
The Fourier transform of the square wave generates a frequency spectrum that presents the magnitude of the harmonics that make up the square wave (the phase is also generated, but is typically of less concern and therefore is often not plotted). The Fourier transform can also be used to analyze non-periodic functions such as transients (e.g. impulses) and random functions. The Fourier transform is almost always computed using the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) computer algorithm in combination with a window function.
In the case of our square wave force, the first component is actually a constant force of 0.5 newton and is represented by a value at "0" Hz in the frequency spectrum. The next component is a 1 Hz sine wave with an amplitude of 0.64. This is shown by the line at 1 Hz. The remaining components are at odd frequencies and it takes an infinite amount of sine waves to generate the perfect square wave. Hence, the Fourier transform allows you to interpret the force as a sum of sinusoidal forces being applied instead of a more "complex" force (e.g. a square wave).
In the previous section, the vibration solution was given for a single harmonic force, but the Fourier transform will in general give multiple harmonic forces. The second mathematical tool, "the principle of superposition", allows the summation of the solutions from multiple forces if the system is linear. In the case of the spring–mass–damper model, the system is linear if the spring force is proportional to the displacement and the damping is proportional to the velocity over the range of motion of interest. Hence, the solution to the problem with a square wave is summing the predicted vibration from each one of the harmonic forces found in the frequency spectrum of the square wave.
Frequency response model.
The solution of a vibration problem can be viewed as an input/output relation – where the force is the input and the output is the vibration. Representing the force and vibration in the frequency domain (magnitude and phase) allows the following relation:
formula_31 is called the frequency response function (also referred to as the transfer function, but not technically as accurate) and has both a magnitude and phase component (if represented as a complex number, a real and imaginary component). The magnitude of the frequency response function (FRF) was presented earlier for the mass–spring–damper system.
The phase of the FRF was also presented earlier as:
For example, calculating the FRF for a mass–spring–damper system with a mass of 1 kg, spring stiffness of 1.93 N/mm and a damping ratio of 0.1. The values of the spring and mass give a natural frequency of 7 Hz for this specific system. Applying the 1 Hz square wave from earlier allows the calculation of the predicted vibration of the mass. The figure illustrates the resulting vibration. It happens in this example that the fourth harmonic of the square wave falls at 7 Hz. The frequency response of the mass–spring–damper therefore outputs a high 7 Hz vibration even though the input force had a relatively low 7 Hz harmonic. This example highlights that the resulting vibration is dependent on both the forcing function and the system that the force is applied to.
The figure also shows the time domain representation of the resulting vibration. This is done by performing an inverse Fourier Transform that converts frequency domain data to time domain. In practice, this is rarely done because the frequency spectrum provides all the necessary information.
The frequency response function (FRF) does not necessarily have to be calculated from the knowledge of the mass, damping, and stiffness of the system, but can be measured experimentally. For example, if a known force is applied and sweep the frequency and then measure the resulting vibration the frequency response function can be calculated and the system characterized. This technique is used in the field of experimental modal analysis to determine the vibration characteristics of a structure.
Multiple degrees of freedom systems and mode shapes.
The simple mass–spring damper model is the foundation of vibration analysis, but what about more complex systems? The mass–spring–damper model described above is called a single degree of freedom (SDOF) model since the mass is assumed to only move up and down. In the case of more complex systems the system must be discretized into more masses which are allowed to move in more than one direction – adding degrees of freedom. The major concepts of multiple degrees of freedom (MDOF) can be understood by looking at just a 2 degree of freedom model as shown in the figure.
The equations of motion of the 2DOF system are found to be:
This can be rewritten in matrix format:
A more compact form of this matrix equation can be written as:
where formula_39 formula_40 and formula_41 are symmetric matrices referred respectively as the mass, damping, and stiffness matrices. The matrices are NxN square matrices where N is the number of degrees of freedom of the system.
In the following analysis involves the case where there is no damping and no applied forces (i.e. free vibration). The solution of a viscously damped system is somewhat more complicated.
This differential equation can be solved by assuming the following type of solution:
Note: Using the exponential solution of formula_44 is a mathematical trick used to solve linear differential equations. Using Euler's formula and taking only the real part of the solution it is the same cosine solution for the 1 DOF system. The exponential solution is only used because it easier to manipulate mathematically.
The equation then becomes:
Since formula_46 cannot equal zero the equation reduces to the following.
Eigenvalue problem.
This is referred to an eigenvalue problem in mathematics and can be put in the standard format by pre-multiplying the equation by formula_48
and if: formula_50 and formula_51
The solution to the problem results in N eigenvalues (i.e. formula_53), where N corresponds to the number of degrees of freedom. The eigenvalues provide the natural frequencies of the system. When these eigenvalues are substituted back into the original set of equations, the values of formula_54 that correspond to each eigenvalue are called the eigenvectors. These eigenvectors represent the mode shapes of the system. The solution of an eigenvalue problem can be quite cumbersome (especially for problems with many degrees of freedom), but fortunately most math analysis programs have eigenvalue routines.
The eigenvalues and eigenvectors are often written in the following matrix format and describe the modal model of the system:
A simple example using the 2 DOF model can help illustrate the concepts. Let both masses have a mass of 1 kg and the stiffness of all three springs equal 1000 N/m. The mass and stiffness matrix for this problem are then:
Then formula_59
The eigenvalues for this problem given by an eigenvalue routine will be:
The natural frequencies in the units of hertz are then (remembering formula_61) formula_62 and formula_63.
The two mode shapes for the respective natural frequencies are given as:
Since the system is a 2 DOF system, there are two modes with their respective natural frequencies and shapes. The mode shape vectors are not the absolute motion, but just describe relative motion of the degrees of freedom. In our case the first mode shape vector is saying that the masses are moving together in phase since they have the same value and sign. In the case of the second mode shape vector, each mass is moving in opposite direction at the same rate.
Illustration of a multiple DOF problem.
When there are many degrees of freedom, the best method of visualizing the mode shapes is by animating them. An example of animated mode shapes is shown in the figure below for a cantilevered -beam. In this case, the finite element method was used to generate an approximation to the mass and stiffness matrices and solve a discrete eigenvalue problem. Note that, in this case, the finite element method provides an approximation of the 3D electrodynamics model (for which there exists an infinite number of vibration modes and frequencies). Therefore, this relatively simple model that has over 100 degrees of freedom and hence as many natural frequencies and mode shapes, provides a good approximation for the first natural frequencies and modes. Generally, only the first few modes are important for practical applications.
Multiple DOF problem converted to a single DOF problem.
The eigenvectors have very important properties called orthogonality properties. These properties can be used to greatly simplify the solution of multi-degree of freedom models. It can be shown that the eigenvectors have the following properties:
formula_67 and formula_68 are diagonal matrices that contain the modal mass and stiffness values for each one of the modes. (Note: Since the eigenvectors (mode shapes) can be arbitrarily scaled, the orthogonality properties are often used to scale the eigenvectors so the modal mass value for each mode is equal to 1. The modal mass matrix is therefore an identity matrix)
These properties can be used to greatly simplify the solution of multi-degree of freedom models by making the following coordinate transformation.
Using this coordinate transformation in the original free vibration differential equation results in the following equation.
Taking advantage of the orthogonality properties by premultiplying this equation by formula_71
The orthogonality properties then simplify this equation to:
This equation is the foundation of vibration analysis for multiple degree of freedom systems. A similar type of result can be derived for damped systems. The key is that the modal mass and stiffness matrices are diagonal matrices and therefore the equations have been "decoupled". In other words, the problem has been transformed from a large unwieldy multiple degree of freedom problem into many single degree of freedom problems that can be solved using the same methods outlined above.
Solving for "x" is replaced by solving for "q", referred to as the modal coordinates or modal participation factors.
It may be clearer to understand if formula_74 is written as:
Written in this form it can be seen that the vibration at each of the degrees of freedom is just a linear sum of the mode shapes. Furthermore, how much each mode "participates" in the final vibration is defined by q, its modal participation factor.

</doc>
<doc id="20646779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646779" title="Landrake with St Erney">
Landrake with St Erney

Landrake with St Erney () is a civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The village of Landrake is on the A38 trunk road between Saltash and Liskeard. At St Erney (a hamlet one mile south of Landrake) is St Erney parish church, dedicated to St Terninus.

</doc>
<doc id="20646796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646796" title="Alison Smale">
Alison Smale

Alison Smale is a British journalist. In December 2008, Smale became the Executive Editor of the "International Herald Tribune", after being promoted from Managing Editor, making her the first woman to be in charge of the paper.
"The Independent", in an article about the IHT's redesign in April 2009, which Smale oversaw, called her "the most powerful British female editor overseas."
Prior, she had been the Deputy Foreign Editor at "The New York Times". She organized much of the paper's coverage of the Iraq war and the war in Afghanistan.
In her reporting days, she was The Associated Press bureau chief for Eastern Europe, where she covered the rise of Slobodan Milosevic in Serbia and changes in Russia. She is now based in Paris. 
She covered the anti-Communist revolutions in Eastern Europe and, on the night of the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, crossed Checkpoint Charlie along with the first East Germans to do so. 
Smale studied journalism at Stanford University in the 1970s.
She received the "America Award" of the Italy-USA Foundation in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20646798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646798" title="Axel Andersson i Österfärnebo">
Axel Andersson i Österfärnebo


</doc>
<doc id="20646803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646803" title="Professor">
Professor

A professor is a scholarly teacher; the precise meaning of the term varies by country. Literally, "professor" derives from Latin as a "person who professes" being usually an expert in arts or sciences, a teacher of high rank. In much of the world, including most Commonwealth nations (such as the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, English-speaking Caribbean) and northern Europe "professor" is reserved only for the most senior academics at a university, typically a department chair, or an awarded chair specifically bestowed recognizing an individual at a university or similar institution. A professor is a highly accomplished and recognized academic, and the title is in most cases awarded only after decades of scholarly work to senior academics. In the United States and Canada the title of "professor" is granted to a larger percentage, about a quarter, of scholars with doctorate degrees (typically Ph.D.s) or equivalent qualifications who teach in two- and four-year colleges and universities, and is used in the titles assistant professor and associate professor, which are not considered professor-level positions in many other countries, as well as for full professors.
Beyond holding the proper academic title, universities in many countries also append famous artists, athletes and foreign dignitaries with the title honorary professor, even if these persons don't have the academic qualifications typically necessary for professorship. However, such "professors" usually do not undertake academic work for the granting institution.
Tasks.
Professors are qualified experts who generally perform the following:
Online courses are often taught by adjunct instructors, with advanced degrees. Adjunct instructors are often not involved in program design, accreditation reports, or many of the other duties that fall within the purview of tenured, or more senior faculty members. Tenured professors also offer courses online.
Other roles of professorial tasks depend on the institution, its legacy, protocols, place (country), and time. For example, professors at research-oriented universities in the U.S., Canada and, generally, at European universities, are promoted primarily on the basis of research achievements and external fund-raising success. Depending on the professor's professional status, expertise, and tenure, he or she may also serve as a public intellectual, offering opinions to media and in other forums on current events, controversies, and other complex matters that may require erudite illumination.
Tenure.
A tenured professor has an appointment that lasts until retirement age, except for dismissal with "due cause." A common justification for existence of such an unusually privileged position is the principle of academic freedom, which holds that it is beneficial for state, society and academy in the long run if scholars are free to examine, hold, and advance controversial views without fear of dismissal from their jobs.
Some argue that modern tenure systems actually diminish academic freedom, forcing those seeking tenured positions to profess conformance to the same views (political and academic) as those awarding the tenured professorships. According to physicist Lee Smolin, "...it is practically career suicide for a young theoretical physicist not to join the field string theory." This may be even more so now that many universities require several years in non-tenure track positions (e.g. Visiting Assistant Professorships or Post-Doctoral Fellowships) before beginning the 5-6 year process preceding tenure.
Another argument against tenure is that tenured professors underperforming in research or teaching cannot be terminated, so typical performance-oriented management techniques from the business world such as reviews, audits, and incentive-based salaries are the only tools available, as the threat of firing does not exist without due cause. Nevertheless, many tenured faculty members are expected to and most do obtain research funding.
Around the world.
Bangladesh.
Teachers are categorized in four main classes in Bangladesh at University level. The ascending rank of teacher is Lecturer, Assistant Professor, Associate Professor and Professor. The initial position Lecturer is generally enrolled as the top student of the class. Master's degree is required for normal university level Lecturer but Bachelor degree is enough for entrance as a lecturer of an Engineering university in Bangladesh. After PhD, the appointment starts with Assistant Professor, then gradually Associate Professor and Professor depending on research/teaching experience. Beside these, professor of Emeritus is given to extraordinary professor after their retirement.
Brazil and Portugal.
See more on: Academic rank#Brazil, Academic rank#Portugal
In Portugal, France, Italy, Romania and Latin America (Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking), the term professor ("profesor / professore / professor / professeur / profesor") is used for anyone teaching at a school, institute, technical school, vocational school, college, or university, regardless of the level of the subject matter taught or the level or ages of students. This includes instructors at the grade/elementary school, middle school, and high school levels. However, when the professor teaches at a university, they are specifically called a "professor universitário" (university professor), but it is common to call university professors just "professor".
As subtypes of professors the following are distinguished:
Canada.
In Canada, where a major distinction is made between college- and university-level education, the term professor is generally restricted to use within universities.
Tenured and tenure-track positions.
These full-time faculty members engage in both undergraduate and graduate teaching, mentoring, research, and service. Only faculty members in these positions are eligible for tenure.
The top administrative post in many academic departments is the "department chair." Prior to the 1970s, such administrators were called "chairmen" or "chairwomen," but the term in most institutions has since been shortened to the gender-neutral "chair." While many department chairs also hold endowed chair positions, the two positions are distinct.
Educators who hold a formal title of "Professor" (referred to as tenured/tenure-track faculty) typically begin their careers as "assistant professors", (or "lecturers" and "senior lecturers") with subsequent promotions to the ranks of "associate professor" and finally "professor". The titles are historical traditions; for example, it is not implied that an assistant professor "assists" more senior faculty. There is often a strict timeline for application for promotion from assistant to associate professor, most often 5 or 6 years following the initial appointment. Applicants are evaluated based on their contributions to research, teaching, and administration. The relative weightings of these contributions differ by institution, with PhD-granting universities usually placing more emphasis on research and liberal arts colleges placing more emphasis on teaching. The decision to grant tenure and promotion from assistant to associate professor usually requires numerous levels of approval, with a common sequence being:
A decision to reject a candidate for tenure normally requires that the individual leave the institution within a year. Otherwise, tenure is granted along with promotion from assistant to associate professor. Although tenure and promotion are usually separate decisions, they are often highly correlated such that a decision to grant a promotion coincides with a decision in favor of tenure, and vice versa. Promotion to associate professor usually results in an increased administrative load and membership on committees that are restricted to tenured faculty.
Some people remain at the level of associate professor throughout their careers. However, most will apply for the final promotion to full professor; the timeline for making this application is more flexible than that for assistant to associate positions and the associate professor does not normally lose his/her job if the application is rejected. As with promotion from assistant to associate professor, promotion from associate to full professor involves review at multiple levels, similar to the earlier tenure/promotion review. This includes external reviews, decisions by the department, recommendations by members of other departments, and high-ranking university officials. Usually, this final promotion requires that the individual has maintained an active research program, and excellent teaching, in addition to taking a leadership role in important departmental and extra-departmental administrative tasks. Full professor is the highest rank that a professor can achieve (other than in a named position) and is seldom achieved before a person reaches their mid-40s. The rank of full professor carries additional administrative responsibilities associated with membership on committees that are restricted to full professors.
Non-tenure-track positions.
Individuals in these positions typically (though not always) focus on teaching undergraduate courses, do not engage in research (except in the case of "research professors"), may or may not have administrative or service roles, and sometimes are eligible for job security that is less strong than tenure. They may still use the prenominal title "professor" and be described by the common-noun "professor," whether or not the position title contains the term. Likewise, the term "instructor" is very generic and can be applied to any teacher, or it can be a specific title (tenure or tenure-track) depending upon how an institution chooses to use the term.
Retired faculty.
Retired faculty may retain formal or informal links with their university, such as library privileges or office space. At some institutions faculty who have retired after achieving the rank of professor are given the title "professor emeritus" (male) or "professor emerita" (female).
Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The title of professor is a pedagogical-academic title ("pedagogicko-akademický titul") awarded to university teachers holding a Ph.D. degree or equivalent who excel in a specific field of science and have special merits in both research and university teaching. Excellent scientists who do not teach at a university (but work in a research institution, for example) do not receive the title of Professor. The title of professor is indicated in abbreviation in front of a holder's name, e.g. prof. Jan Švejnar or prof. MUDr. Josef Koutecký, DrSc.
The title of professor is awarded to a particular person on the basis of the recommendation by a university, in particular, by its Scientific Committee ("vědecká rada"), which is accredited to do so by the Accreditation Commission ("akreditační komise") of the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport (Czech Republic) ("Ministerstvo školství, mládeže a tělovýchovy"). The recommended nominee is promoted to professorship by the president of the Czech Republic through the Minister of Education (art. 76 of Higher Education Act, act No. 111/1998 Col). The system of awarding of the title of professor means that the title is not bound to a position at a university, e.g. a director of a department, and vice versa – one is not required to be a professor to hold a high-ranking position at a university. A university must have a certain number of professors and docents among its staff to receive accreditation for its study programs, but these need not necessarily be heads of departments or university faculties.
According to the Higher Education Act, No. 111/1998 Col. the nominee’s qualifications are assessed by at least five professors, specialists in the field or a field similar to the field in which the nominee is to be pronounced a professor. At least three of these professors must be from universities other than the nominee's one. An important precondition set by the law is that the nominee must already have the title of Docent. (The procedure of qualification, "habilitační process", leading to the awarding of the title of docent is similar to the one leading to professorship. Docents are pronounced by the head of the university, "rektor", accredited to pronounce docents in a particular field.)
The ranking system of teachers at Czech universities:
Other professors.
In the past, there were two titles of professor recognised in Czechoslovakia (predecessor state of today's Czech rep. and Slovak rep.):
Awarding of both of these titles was regulated by law before the World War II. The title "středoškolský profesor" ceased to exist after the war. However, there is a type of secondary school ("gymnázium") where the students still address to their teachers as professors ("profesoři") out of tradition.
Colombia.
In Colombia the words in Spanish "Profesor/Profesora" are used indistinctly for teachers at primary or secondary schools (synonym of "maestra/maestro, docente) or university professors. However there is the more specific designation as university professor "profesor universitario" or "docente universitario". The current government regulation for university professor is by a national law, decree 1279 of 2002. In that law, the complete conditions, scales and degrees, as well as salary calculations for university professors are regulated. To be selected as university professor requires to apply to a public open call, containing requirements inside the institution and the experience profile of the candidate must be the one matching best. The process to evaluate, review and select from the total applicants from a competitive basis is performed by a commissioned university council consisting of university professors, and includes several tests in research project formulation, teaching tests and CV and interview evaluation. Briefly, there are four main scales for such permanent positions, as direct tenure employees, and public servants of a particular legal status inside the State contracting rules: auxiliary professor (Professor Auxiliar), assistant professor (Professor Assistante), associate professor (Professor Asociado) and full professor (Professor Titular), the highest professorship position considered in the Colombian public system, usually conferred to an individual with a long verifiable experience as a researcher or as a university professor, usually an academic with the highest postgraduate education title available in the university system (Doctor), equivalent to a doctoral degree such Ph.D. (USA) or Doktor (Germany); more than 10 years of certified teaching at university level, or equivalent time of recognized scientific work and production. Given the large amount of private universities in the country, those institutions hire new professors following many of the rules set in this public law for scale and salary calculations. There are university professors contracted per hours "docente ocasional, supernumerario, o visitante" to teach specific courses, similarly to lecturers, and while they may have the high qualifications and perform eventually research activities, they are not official employees of the institution and they do not have proper welfare working conditions, pension costs covered or hours for class preparation financed.
Denmark.
In Denmark the word professor is only used for full professors. An associate professor is in Danish called a "lektor" and an assistant professor is called an "adjunkt". Before promotion to full professorship, one can get a time limited (usually 5 years) post as an MSO (professor med særlige opgaver) or "professor with special responsibilities." The post of professor with special responsibilities involves fixed-term specific functions as well as duties that are otherwise associated with professorships. The qualification requirements correspond to those of ordinary professorships. This position gives time for the school to raise funds for the permanent professorship. An additional step between lektor and full professor is "docent". A docent has the same work as a professor but they do not actively take part in senior administrative duties, such as heading a department.
Egypt.
Public universities have five ranks for faculty members: معيد ("Mu`īd" ; equivalent to teaching assistant), مدرس مساعد ("Mudarris musā`id"; equivalent to senior teaching assistant), مدرس("Mudarris"; equivalent to assistant professor), أستاذ مساعد("'Ustāḏ musā`id"; equivalent to associate professor), and أستاذ("'Ustāḏ"; equivalent to professor)
Teaching assistant: Academic departments hire teaching assistants by either directly hiring the top ranking students of the most recent graduates, or publishing advertisements. Once hired, a teaching assistant must obtain a master’s degree within five years of commencing employment. Otherwise, s/he must either leave the university, or be transferred to any administrative department that s/he is qualified for. Teaching assistants duties include preparing and delivering tutorial and lab sessions, preparing assignments and term projects requirements, preparing and conducting laboratory examinations, and tutorial quizzes, and co-supervising graduation projects.
Senior teaching assistant: After a teaching assistant obtains a master's degree, s/he is promoted to a senior teaching assistant. Usually, the duties do not change, but the salary increases slightly. To keep her/his post, a senior teaching assistant must obtain a doctoral degree within five years. Otherwise, s/he must either leave the university, or be transferred to any administrative department that s/he is qualified for.
Assistant professor: Once a senior teaching assistant obtains a doctorate, s/he is hired as an assistant professor, and receives tenureship. Assistant professors duties include delivering lectures, supervising graduation projects, master's theses, and doctoral dissertations.
Associate professor: After at least five years, an assistant professor can apply for a promotion to the rank of associate professor. The decision is based on the scholarly contributions of the applicant, in terms of publications and theses and dissertations supervised.
Professor: After at least five years, an associate professor can apply for a promotion to the rank of a professor. The decision is based on the scholarly contributions of the applicant, in terms of publications and theses and dissertations supervised.
Academic duties of associate professors and professors are nearly the same as assistant professors. However, only associate professors and professors can assume senior administrative posts like a department chair, a college vice dean, and a college dean.
Finland.
Finland's system is similar to the traditional German system in that there is a limited number of chairs for professors ("professori"), who head research groups and take part in administration in addition to lecturing. The rank of "apulaisprofessori" ("assistant professor") is in use. Fulfillment of a professor's post often requires that the previous professor has retired. Qualifications for a professor are a doctor's degree and an extensive independent publication record; the degree of "lisensiaatti" (Licentiate) does not qualify. (For example, in medicine, the common degree equivalent to a medical doctor is a "lisensiaatti" degree: additional research and study is required for the degree called "lääketieteen tohtori", "Doctor of Medicine.")
The professor-level position of "dosentti" is similar in required qualifications, but has fewer or no administrative responsibilities and may be combined with work at a company or another university. The alternative translation for docent is "adjunct professor". Junior educators are not called "professori", but by other terms such as "assistentti" (Assistant), "lehtori" (Lecturer), "opettava tutkija" (Teaching Researcher), or "yliopisto-opettaja" (literally "University Teacher"). The same applies to researchers ("tutkija", etc.). Various finer distinctions have been introduced in recent years, such as "yliopistonlehtori" (University Lecturer), a tenured lecturer's position that requires a PhD and involves some research commitments. Researchers and professors funded by the Academy of Finland are generally styled accordingly, "akatemiatutkija" and "akatemiaprofessori" (Academy Researcher and Academy Professor).
France.
After the doctorate granted by a university, and most frequently several years of non-tenure postdoctoral positions, scholars who wish to enter academia may apply for a position of "maître de conférences" (MCF, "lecturer"). To get this position they must first be approved by the National Council of Universities, made up of elected and appointed MCFs and professors. Then, the recruitment procedure is performed in each individual university mostly by a selection committees composed of other MCFs and professors (half from the university where the position is open, half from other universities), rather than by administrators.
The salary scale is national and invariable from one university to another. However, a recent reform allows salary modulation in the universities but at the moment this possibility has not widely been applied.
After some years in the position, MCFs may take an "habilitation" to officially supervise PhD theses before applying for a position of "professeur des universités" ("university professor") in their home university or in other institutions. Their suitability for such a position will be judged by the National Council of Universities (restricted to full professors). Each individual application is examined by a selection committee (composed exclusively of full professors) mostly on their published original research as well on teaching and administrative duties.
In the past, this required a higher doctorate ("state doctorate"). In some fields such as law, management ("gestion") and economics, candidates take the "agrégation" competitive examination; only the higher-ranked are nominated.
Both MCFs and professors are civil servants; however they follow a special statute guaranteeing academic freedom. As an exception to civil service rules, these positions are open regardless of citizenship. There also exist equivalent ranks as state employees (non civil service) for professors coming from industry. These ranks are "maître de conférences associé" et "professeur des universités associé" (PAST), depending on the professor's experience.
Teaching staff in higher education establishments outside the university system, such as the École polytechnique, follow different hierarchies and career paths.
Germany, Poland, etc.
In the 20th century, after their doctorate, German scholars who wish to go into academia usually work toward a Habilitation by writing a second thesis, known as the "Habilitationsschrift." This is often accomplished while employed as a ' or ' ("scientific assistant", C1) or a non-tenured position as "Akademischer Rat" ("assistant professor/lecturer", both 3+3 years teaching and research positions). Once they pass their Habilitation, they are called "Privatdozent" and are eligible for a call to a chair.
Since 2002 many paths may lead to a full professorship. One can reach a professorship at a university by habilitation, a successful evaluation as a junior professorship (after 2–3 years) or equivalent performance. In engineering this is often attained through expert knowledge in the industry, and in natural science often by the number and quality of publications. In addition to the traditional universities there are also "Fachhochschulen" (FH) as institutions of higher education and research, mostly referred to as "University of Applied Sciences (UAS)" Since a new salary scheme was introduced in 2005, there are both W2 and W3 professors for the "Fachhochschulen" as there are for the old universities. Hence, the formal differences have been completely eliminated. In general a professor at an applied university has not gone through the process of habilitation or junior professorship. She or he applies for the position after the doctorate and at least three years achieving expert knowledge in the industry. Usually a professor at an applied university is more focused on teaching while a professor at a traditional university is more focused on research.
Note that in Germany, there has always been a debate about whether Professor is a title that one may retain for life once it has been conferred (similar to the doctorate), or whether it is linked to a function (or even the designation of a function) and ceases to belong to the holder once she or he quits or retires (except in the usual case of becoming Professor emeritus). The latter view has won the day — although in many German "Länder" ("states"), there is a minimum requirement of five years of service before "Professor" may be used as a title—and is by now both the law and majority opinion.
Similar or identical systems as in Germany (where a Habilitation is required) are in place, e.g., in Austria, the German-speaking part of Switzerland (however in Switzerland the term is used as a more general honorary title in the Universities of Applied Sciences, the "Fachhochschulen"), as well as in Poland, Slovakia, Hungary and Slovenia.
In Poland, professor is an academic title required to obtain the position of full (ordinary) professor. An extraordinary professorship is lower ranked, and does not require the professor title.
Main positions.
Recent studies have found that both the interest in applying for " and the willingness of academic institutions to create these positions has declined since they were first made possible.
Other professors.
Some other uses of the title "professor":
Hungary.
The Hungarian higher education system distinguishes two types of institutions of higher education: "egyetem" (university) and "főiskola" (college). Therefore, the requirements and also the salaries for professorships differ. The official minimum requirements of appointment are regulated according to the CCIV. act of 2011 (National Higher Education Act). The regulations of certain universities, however, may require more than the minimum.
Hierarchy of university professorships (top to bottom):
Hierarchy of college professorships (top to bottom):
The title professor emeritus/emerita is awarded to those appointed university professors, who reached the age of retirement but are prominent scholars of their fields or have done much in favor of the university, faculty or department. Awarding such titles is at the universities' discretion.
Universities and colleges may also award honorary professorships with less strict requirements. These honorary titles are distinguished from their ordinary counterparts by placing "címzetes" (honorary—literally "titular") before the appropriate title.
Iceland.
In Icelandic universities, especially The University of Iceland, "prófessor" is the most senior ranking teaching position. Below "prófessor" is "dósent", then "lektor". This three step hierarchy is akin to the US-scale, of full-, associate- and assistant-professors. Until early 1990s no upward mobility was available in the Icelandic system. Most university teachers were hired as "prófessor." A "dósent" or a "lektor" wishing to ascend to a higher rank had to apply for a new position when it became available. Currently (since 1990s) much more university teachers are hired as junior rank "lektor" and are promoted to "dósent" and "prófessor" if their work proves worthy of it.
India.
The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and The Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore (IISc) follow the U.S. style three-tiered academic system, with an extremely strict requirement for entry level positions compared to the U.S. An Asstt. Professor's position requires a Ph.D. and at least three years of postdoctoral experience, applicants with less experience are appointed to a "contract" position, which is similar to a "non tenure-track" position in U.S universities. Early reviews for promotion to Associate Professorship can be conducted in the fourth year of employment, although, it is becoming more common for promotion and tenure to be awarded in the sixth year of employment. The review requires a certain number of journal and conference publications, recommendations from reviewers in India and abroad, and an exemplary record of teaching and service. The IISc, the highest ranked science and technology institute in India, has a promotion and tenure system, almost identical to that of the United States. The institute also has a well known bias towards recruiting U.S PhDs (typically with IIT undergraduate degrees), compared to Ph.Ds from India. Promotion to the position of (full) Professor, also requires an extensive review with many people remaining at the level of Associate Professor throughout their careers.
Other Universities: There are two routes to enter academia, one through direct selection by a university or college (government or private), and the second through competitive selection by a centralised commission. The commission's selection is based on scores for MA/MSc, National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by University Grants Commission (India) and the Public Service Commission interviews.
There are three faculty ranks "Assistant Professor", "Associate Professor" and "Professor." The earlier designations of lecturer (equivalent to junior assistant professor), senior lecturer (equivalent to assistant professor) and reader (equivalent to associate professor) have been abolished from 2009. From 2009, AICTE norms have abolished the posts of “lecturer” and “senior lecturer” in technical courses, leaving only “assistant professor”, “associate professor” and “professor” posts.
At present a post-graduate can teach as assistant professor, but tenured positions are available only if s/he has cleared the eligibility test (NET). To get a promotion to associate professor at least 3 publications (in a reputed journal) are required for a post graduate or at least one publication for a doctorate holder. But doctorate is mandatory for direct recruitment to associate professor. Only doctorate holders can become professors. Those with post-graduate degrees with other eligibility criteria (viz. NET/SET/Ph.D.etc.) are allowed to teach in undergraduate colleges, post-graduate or university level. The salary of the three tier Professors with Academic Grade Pay (AGP) has been fixed by 6th Pay Commission of 2006 (In Indian Rupees, US$1 = INR Rs 50)– Assistant Professor: Rs 15,600-39,100 (AGP: Rs 6000), total amount: Rs 45,000/- per month, Associate Professor: Rs 37400-67000 (AGP Rs 9000), total amount: Rs 80,000/- per month, Professor: Rs 37400-67000 (AGP Rs 10,000), total amount: Rs 82,000-120,000/- and Professor (HAG) Rs 67000-79000 (limited only to 10% in equivalent grade of additional secretary government of India).
In the medical colleges of India (such as the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) the term Professor is used for the senior most teaching faculty. The postgraduate trainees are called "Junior Residents", while the term "Senior Resident" is used for those who are in a teaching post after their postgraduate training. Alternately, a Senior Resident is one who is enrolled in a superspeciality training such as DM in Neurology or MCh in Cardiothoracic Surgery etc.. After Senior Residency of three years, a doctor is eligible to apply for the "Assistant Professor" post which is usually a regular appointment and a permanent job in Govt colleges. He then gets promotions every 3 to 5 years to "Associate Professor", then as "Additional Professor" and finally becomes a "Professor". Usually a Professor (or in the absence of a Professor, an Additional Professor) is the Head of the Department.
Iran.
Holders of master's degrees when granted to teach in a college:
Holders of PhD degrees:
Iraq.
Holders of master's degrees can be (in ascending order):
Holders of PhD degrees can be (in ascending order):
Note: Holders of PhD degrees are automatically promoted to lecturer if they were assistant lecturers before they received their PhD.
Israel.
The ranking system combines the British system and the German one. There are four faculty ranks rather than three: lecturer ("martsé"), senior lecturer ("martsé bakhír"), associate professor ("profésor khavér"), and full professor ("profésor min ha-minyán"). The two lower ranks are similar to their counterparts in the British system. The two higher ranks originally had German rather than American equivalents: "professor khavér" was comparable to professor extraordinarius, while "professor min ha-minyan" was the equivalent, and Hebrew translation of, professor ordinarius. Traditionally, lecturer is equivalent to the American assistant professor rank, senior lecturer with tenure is equivalent to the American associate professor rank. Promotion from lecturer to associate professor rank usually entails tenure, but not always. Tenure (not guaranteed) is granted after 4–7 years (depending on institution and academic achievements). A "professor khavér" is comparable to the American advanced associate professor; some academics never become a "profésor min ha-minyan." The academic programs of the university are controlled by a Senate, of which every full professor is a member, as well as representatives of other ranks. Israeli universities do not, as a rule, grant tenure to new hires, regardless of previous position, rank, or eminence. A candidate is considered for tenure together with promotion to the next highest rank, or after a year for initial appointments made at the rank of full professor.
In 2012 the Technion began granting senior lecturers the title of assistant professor ("profésor mishné"), in alignment with the standard American terminology. This was done after faculty members at the rank of senior lecturers had complained that they felt belittled at international conferences when compared to their American peers bearing the title assistant professor, because "lecturer" sounds less impressive than "professor". This move was considered controversial at other Israeli universities, which retain the senior lecturer ranking, because it was conducted unilaterally by the Technion without coordination with the other universities.
Jordan.
Universities in Jordan borrow from the US higher education system. Whether public or private, universities have five ranks for faculty members: مدرس مساعد ("Mudarris musā`id"; equivalent to teaching assistant), مدرس("Mudarris"; equivalent to senior teaching assistant), ("Ustāḏ musā`id"; equivalent to assistant professor), أستاذ مساعد("Ustāḏ musharik"; equivalent to associate professor), and أستاذ("'Ustāḏ"; equivalent to professor)
"Teaching assistant": A teaching assistant must have a master’s degree before commencing employment. The duties include preparing and delivering tutorial and lab sessions, preparing assignments and term projects requirements, preparing and conducting laboratory examinations, and tutorial quizzes, and co-supervising graduation projects.
"Senior teaching assistant": After a teaching assistant hired, s/he is promoted to a senior teaching assistant after submition to two accepted papers for publication. Usually, the duties do not change, but the salary increases slightly.
"Assistant professor": doctorate equivalent holders can be hired as an assistant professor, and receives tenureship. Assistant professors duties include delivering lectures, supervising graduation projects, master's theses, and doctoral dissertations.
"Associate professor": After at least five years, an assistant professor can apply for a promotion to the rank of associate professor. The decision is based on the scholarly contributions of the applicant, in terms of publications and theses and dissertations supervised.
"Professor": After at least five years, an associate professor can apply for a promotion to the rank of a professor. The decision is based on the scholarly contributions of the applicant, in terms of publications and theses and dissertations supervised.
Academic duties of associate professors and professors are nearly the same as assistant professors. However, only associate professors and professors can assume senior administrative posts like a department chair, a college vice dean, and a college dean.
Kenya.
Kenya’s Universities Act of 2012 defines an "academic staff'” as a "person appointed to teach, train or to do research at a university and any other employee designated as such by the university council". The definition of professor is left to each individual university. Professors are primarily senior members of university teaching and/or research faculty. Generally, there is no clear distinction between research and academic. However, the University of Nairobi has a tradition of appointing faculty in both the research and academic streams, thus, Junior Research Fellow =Assistant Lecturer, Research Fellow=Lecturer, Associated Professorial Research Fellow=Associate Professor and the Professorial Research Fellow=Professor.
Both the associate and full professors must have PhDs or a qualification considered equivalent. In the Moi University and University of Nairobi where they have a longer history offering medical qualifications, a post medical qualification Masters of Medicine (M Med.) is considered an equivalent of a PhD in other fields. So a holder of an M.Med who has been a senior lecturer for three years, together with requisite publications and supervisions may be appointed associate professor, then full professor. In Moi University again, there is an example of a senior legal scholar and practitioner who was appointed full Professor based on a personal evaluation. His long teaching experience, myriad academic and technical publications and his two LL Ms were considered as equivalents. Generally lower degree holders can not go beyond the senior lecturer level, however this is left for each university to decide. To be a full Professor in all the Kenyan Universities, one ought to have served as an associate professor for four year and at least three peer reviewed publications in international journals or similarly considered technical publications. Technical patents too are considered. Post graduate research supervision and outreach are also crucial.
Outside of the appointive tenures, some very senior academic staff in the Kenyan Universities do get baptized "professor" by their students or colleagues. This is because they are usually very senior, have mentored many, or they have achieved a lot of academic grounding without the benefit of promotions which can get gruesomely political. A lot of victims are those with solid research credentials combined with great teaching and outreach experience but have not acquired a PhD or equivalent for one reason or the other. The same also applies to some extremely productive young academics that have not attained the right longevity for appointment as professors. Many people from outside of the university fraternity might also just refer to any long serving academic staff as professor. All these are usually acceptable without any question.
Many people rightly argue that professorial appointments should not be based on longevity, loyalty or sheer availability of vacancies to be filled, but rather on prowess as evidenced by ground breaking research, teaching and outreach. Professorship should not be a reward for loyalty. Whatever the criteria of appointment, it should remain a mark of highest academic and research pedigree, they assert.
Mexico.
The ranking system in most Mexican public universities is as follows
For research institutions the levels are equivalent but the term Professor is changed to Investigador (researcher or research professor). Usually Mexican academics are also fellows of the Sistema Nacional de Investigadores (SNI) that has four levels (candidate, I, II and III) that more or less correlate (but are not equivalent) to the Asociado and Titular A, B, and C profesorships. The rank as professor is determined by the individual's institution while the SNI level is determined by an independent committee that evaluates the researchers nationwide.
Netherlands.
The ranking system in Dutch universities is as follows:
In daily practice no distinction is made between rank 1 and 2 in the Dutch ranking system. Each rank increase come with an shift in pay grade. Promotion from rank 2 to rank 1 within the same function is usually easier than moving to a differently named function.
The title professor is protected by Dutch law and can only be used to address full professors (or emeritus professors) affiliated with a university. The title, or abbreviation cannot be used for any other teaching (or other) professional.
A professor should have substantial research achievements and international reputation, and is typically the head of a department or of a "chair-group" within a department. Most academic staff will have both research and teaching duties.
Although the ranks are often translated as if they were aligned with the American system (i.e. assistant, associate, and full professor), this not as clear-cut. Traditionally a lecturer could only become reader or professor by applying for such a position if there was a vacancy. However, Dutch universities are moving towards a system closer to the US tenure track system to have more flexibility in responding to merits of individuals. In Dutch universities, permanent positions must be offered upon the third extension of fixed-term position or after 6 years of continuous contracts(whichever comes first), a rule which was instantiated to avoid permatemps.
Dutch universities can also appoint "professors occupying an endowed chair" (Dutch: "bijzonder hoogleraar", literally "special professor") on a part-time basis. Special professors usually have their main employment somewhere else, often in industry or at a research institute or University elsewhere (although special professorships can also be used to give a sitting reader a professor title. In the Netherlands the main benefit for full professor is the "jus promovendi" which means that a full professor is always principal supervisor for any PhD project). Endowed professors have all the privileges of a full professor ("(gewoon) hoogleraar"), may give lectures on special topics, or can supervise graduate students who may do their research at the place of the professor's main employment. Due to this system, many university research groups will have several professors. The special professor ("bijzonder hoogleraar") does not get paid by the university, but receives a salary from an external organization, such as a company, an organization or a fund. The former title "buitengewoon hoogleraar" ("professor by special appointment", literally "extraordinary professor") for a part-time professor is no longer used (since the 1986 reforms); all the then holders of such positions became part-time full professors.
In 1986 the system was reformed and holders of "Lector" positions (to some extent equivalent to UK readers) were transformed into full Professors, introducing a rank 2 professor at a lower salary scale than the existing professors. The present salary scales refer to Professor 1 or Professor 2 (the former is the higher in standing). In the early 2000s the lector position has been re-introduced at universities of applied sciences for research group leaders aimed at applied research. Until that moment universities of applied sciences had no research tasks.
When a full professor retires in good standing, the professor becomes emeritus professor. This allows the retired professor to keep the title professor for life. An emeritus professor is allowed to supervise doctorate theses until five years after retirement.
Some Dutch universities have also instituted "University Professorships" appointing scientific ambassadors for the university as a whole, rather than representing a department. The Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences can appoint a professor to be an "Academy Professors", a high honor for a sitting professor.
Norway.
In Norway, the word "professor" is only used for full professors at universities or scientific institutions at a similar level. The title is protected by law, and may only be used by accredited institutions under certain conditions. The position below professor is called "førsteamanuensis" ("first amanuensis"), which is translated into English as "associate professor", and requires a Norwegian doctoral degree, or similar competence (traditionally, Danish and Norwegian doctoral degrees are considered higher doctorates). The position of docent, often translated as reader, applied to people of the same competence as a Professor who did not hold a professoral "chair", was abolished in 1985, when all docents received the title of professor. The position below "førsteamanuensis" is called "amanuensis", "universitetslektor" or "høgskolelektor", which is translated into English as assistant professor (in a US context) or lecturer (in a UK context).
Historically, professors were appointed for life by the king upon the advice of the cabinet, that is, by the King-in-Council. Due to the increasing number of appointments, this changed in 1989 when it became the responsibility of the individual institution to formally appoint professors.
All people who are appointed as professors must have their competence evaluated by a scientific, independent committee, and given professorial competence.
Appointments usually are for life, although time-limited appointments are possible (especially if the position is externally funded). The mandatory age of retirement in Norway is 70, however. Professors who have turned 70 are required to leave their positions, but may continue to use the title (or professor emeritus/emerita) and in some cases may keep their office and access to university infrastructure as long as they are still active as researchers.
Professor II.
Professors in Norway with part-time positions (20% or less) are called professor II. They usually have a different main job (for instance as a consultant at a university hospital, as a professor at a different university or as a researcher at a research institute). While they only hold a part-time position as professor, they otherwise hold the same status as other professors, need to have the same competence as other professors, are styled as simply professor (not professor II) and are eligible to be elected deans of their faculty. As the title professor is used very restrictively in Norway only for the most senior academics, professor II positions carry high prestige, especially among doctors and researchers at research-only institutes outside the higher education sector. Within the field of medicine, most professorships are professor II positions combined with a position as consultant at a university hospital (full-time professorships in clinical medicine are very rare).
Pakistan.
The hiring of academic positions in public universities throughout Pakistan is managed by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan, the requirement for all positions vary with respect to the field of studies e.g. Engineering, IT, Medical, Law, and Arts and Design.
There are four faculty ranks lecturer, assistant professor, associate professor, and professor.
In engineering public universities, a lecturer requires a M.Sc. or B.Sc. degree and high academic standing in the field (e.g. gold medallist, among top 15 students of graduating class).
An assistance professor position requires a Ph.D. in relevant field and at least two years of teaching/research/professional experience.
An associate professorship can be conducted in the fourth year of employment, although, it is becoming more common for promotion and tenure to be awarded in the sixth year of employment. The review requires a certain number 5/8/10 research publications (with at least 1/2/4 publications in the last 5 years) by the calendar years 2007/2008/2012 respectively, in HEC/PEC recognized journals.
A professor requires ten years post-PhD teaching/research experience in an HEC recognized university or a post-graduate institution or professional experience in the relevant field in a national or international organization. It requires a minimum of 8/12/15 research publications (with at least 2/3/5 publications in the last 5 years) by the calendar years 2007/2008/2012 respectively, in HEC/PEC recognized journals
Russia.
In Russia the university academic career to the rank of Professor usually starts right after graduation. A graduate student can be recruited as an Assistant (teacher) without having any formal academic degree. The only requirement is to graduate as a Master of Science or as a Specialist (a specific Russian form of graduation after 5–6 years of study). Usually, (but not obligatory) the newly recruited Assistant goes through his PhD course, combining it with teaching undergraduate students (usually Assistants have a right to give lectures and examine students in small special courses, or, they assist a professor, who is reading a general course. In that case they teach students during laboratory work, test their knowledge, etc.). After 3 or 4 years of PhD course an Assistant defends a dissertation. The preparation for the "defense" includes writing thesis (approximately 150-200 pages), which presents the results of his/her own research work, done under a supervision of a professor. Several papers on the topic should be also published in Russian scientific journals accredited by VAK (see below). Finally, to be able to defend the thesis one should pass 3 exams: in his field of science, in foreign language and in history and philosophy of science. The defense itself is an official procedure and includes presenting the thesis to the Dissertation Council – several professors, including at least an appointed reviewer, two official opponents and the supervisor, who helped the Assistant in conducting his/her research. After the presentation the professors vote, and decide whether to recommend/not to recommend the dissertant to the rank of Candidate of Science. The right for final decision belongs to the VAK (governmental commission, granting official academic ranks), but it usually follows the recommendation of the Dissertation Council. In rare cases the dissertant can be called to go through the defense in VAK. At last a person is granted with a title "Candidate of Science" (Russian = кандидат наук), which cannot be dismissed.
As soon as the Assistant gets the title he/she usually goes to the post of Senior assistant, which does not differ very much. But if the Assistant had already written as many as 10 scientific papers and developed some educational materials he/she can get the rank of Docent. A Docent has a right to give lectures in some general courses and to examine students alone. Most academic careers finish at this stage. To go further one should write the second thesis, something very close to Habilitation in Germany. The second thesis is a very big research work, which often takes more than 10 years to be completed. The thesis is not limited in volume, but typically is around 300 pages, though some thesis which exceed 1000 pages. It generally requires fundamental research or a new research direction in a particular field. It can be a summary of the candidate's previous research, but should be of significant scientific, cultural, or social value. Another requirement is to have a large number of publications and a monograph. In some cases a monograph can work as a thesis if not too narrow in research.
The procedure of "defense" is similar, and at the end VAK grants one the title of Doctor of Science (Russian = доктор наук). The title gives a person the right to supervise PhD students, and to apply for the rank of Professor. The rank of Professor also requires a number of papers, books and educational works. The number of graduate students, and, if there are such, PhD students who passed through the defense successfully is also taken into account, but usually by the time a person gets the Doctor of Science title, he/she has accomplished a lot. The rank of Professor is exceedingly rarely achieved at the age of less than 40. This rank gives one the right to hold a faculty chair position, to be an examiner, to take part in the university's council, etc.
However, in Russia, holders of the Doctor of Science degree who work at research institutes of the Russian Academy of Sciences and are not involved in teaching students (lecturing) but mainly in scientific or technological research, may also apply for a "Professor in a specialty" academic degree. Thus, there are two kinds of 'Professor' titles. First, there is "Professor by a Chair" (Russian = профессор по кафедре); e.g., "Professor by the Chair of Microbiology", if the scientist has some required minimum of teaching hours per semester at this Chair at a university or a higher institute, plus scientific publications and published educational papers, and has been nomineed by this Chair for the Professor title to VAK. Second, there is "Professor in a specialty" (Russian = профессор по специальности); e.g., "Professor in physical chemistry" (the list of specialties is the same as for dissertations). In this case, a person who has been holding a DSc degree for minimum 1 year (and has been working on a position of Head of Laboratory or Leading Scientist for minimum 1 year) does not need to have lecturing experience and published educational papers but should have a minimum of 5 PhD students who, under his/her supervision, have successfully defended their Cand. Sci. dissertations, in which this specialty either was the main or, in part of them, constituted a substantial part of their research work in a closely related field. Besides that, the applicant should have a good record of scientific publications and other academic achievements. The Learned Council of the Institute where the applicant for such a Professor title works, upon his/her primary application to this Council, votes and decides whether to recommend or not to recommend to apply on behalf of the applicant to VAK. If approved by the Learned Council, the application is submitted to VAK which, usually within a few months, decides whether to approve or not to approve the title "Professor" in the specialty.
Serbia.
University career usually begins with an “assistant” academic position. “Assistant” assists to the professor or lecturer, helps in performing exercises or, sometimes, also gives lectures, under the supervision of the professor. “Assistant”, however, is not permitted to hold a chair, or to examine students alone. The level of the “assistant” does not require a Ph.D. but a “Magister” or, in recent times, a “Master” degree.
The next level is reserved for Ph.D. holders only (except in the arts: visual, performing arts, music, film etc.) where “Magisterium” is the highest degree). It is called “docent” (in Latin “instructor”, “lecturer”, “teacher”) and is approximately equivalent to the Assistant Professor level in the English-speaking areas. Unlike “assistant”, “docent” is permitted to give lectures independently, to be examiner, supervisor of paper works and theses, and to even hold a chair in a certain subject. It can also happen that more persons are employed within one chair (e.g. nuclear physics): a full professor, “docent” and “assistant” for instance. In that case, the full professor is normally a chair-holder, while “docent” and “assistant” are chair-related. If this is the case, “docent” usually has some kind of dependence upon the professor, but still possesses much independence, unlike the “assistant”.
After four or five years or more (exceptions are rare), and a significant scientific record, “docent” can be elected to become “vanredni profesor” ("irregular professor"), which is approximately equivalent to the Associate Professor position, or re-elected for the same (docent) position. The rank of the “vanredni profesor” is normally the minimal requirement for the highest Faculty and University positions, such as Dean of the Faculty, member of the University Senate or Rector. In the process of electing an associate professor, just those members of the Department, Faculty or University, who hold associated- or full- professorship are able to vote.
After four or five years and significant score of publications, “vanredni profesor” can be re-elected for the same position, or elected into the next and the highest University and scientific title of “redovni profesor” ("regular professor") – the (Full) Professor. “Redovni profesori”, the full professors, are excluded from further electing processes, that take place for all other university teaching positions, normally after four or five years.
The title of “Emeritus” Professor should usually be granted to small number of professors who had extraordinarily academic and scientific score, as well as to all former Rectors.
When students address teaching staff, they typically use the title “professor” for everyone, including docents and assistants, and even for teachers in secondary education (“gymnasiums” and other schools).
Spain, university level.
Selection procedures.
In the past twenty-five years, Spain has gone through three university reforms: 1983 (Ley de Reforma Universitaria, LRU), 2001 (Ley Orgánica de Universidades, LOU) and 2007 (a mere reform of the LOU with several specific modifications of the 2001 Act). We can name them LRU 1983, LOU 2001 and LOU 2007.
The actual categories of tenured and untenured positions, and the basic department and university organization, were established by LRU 1983, and only specific details have been reformed by LOU 2001 and LOU 2007. The most important reform these later acts introduced is the way candidates to a position are selected. According to LRU 1983, a committee of five members had to evaluate the curricula of the candidates. A new committee was constituted for each new position, operating in the same university offering that position. These committees had two members appointed by the department (including the Secretary of the Committee), and three members who were draw-selected (from any university, but belonging to the same "knowledge area").
The LOU 2001 and LOU 2007 acts have granted even more freedom to universities when choosing applicants for a position. Each university now freely establishes the rules for the creation of an internal committee that assigns available positions. However, the last reform also have introduced an external "quality control" process. To better understand these reforms, it is worth examining the situation both before and after 2007.
The situation before 2007 was this: LOU 2001 had established a procedure, based on competition at national level, to became a civil servant. This procedure, and the license a candidate obtained, was called "habilitación", and it included curricula evaluation and personal examinations. The external committee was formed by seven draw-selected members (belonging to the same "knowledge area" and fulfilling requisites related to research curricula), who could assign a fixed and pre-determined number of "habilitaciones" similar to the positions requested by the universities. An applicant to a particular position in any university had to be "habilitado" (licensed) by this National Committee in order to apply. Non civil servants had a slightly different "quality control" process. A specific institution, called the Spanish Agency for Evaluation, Quality and Certification or ANECA by its Spanish acronym (), examined the applicants' curricula and issued them a positive evaluation called "acreditación" (certification) giving access to the exams to became a tenured-civil servant professor.
Today, following the LOU 2007 reform, the whole process has been simplified, and both civil and non civil servants need to achieve a positive evaluation of their teaching and research record by ANECA. Once the certification by ANECA is achieved, candidates can apply for the exams convened by each university to fulfill their vacant positions.
The certification system introduced by the LOU 2001 act and particularly the 2007 reform, which requires the candidate to pass a demanding evaluation process at a national level for each category before applying for a position, has increased the standards of Spanish university professors to those of most OECD countries.
The LOU act of 2001 maintained both traditional tenured and civil servant positions of "Profesor Titular" and "Catedrático de Universidad", albeit it also introduced the new non-civil servant tenured position of Professor Contratado Doctor (equivalent to a "reader" in the UK). Non-tenured positions include: Professor Asociado (a part-time instructor who keeps a professional career, for example in the industry, in a hospital or media), Ayudante (a doctoral student working as teaching assistant, with limited and supervised teaching capacity), and Professor Ayudante Doctor (a promotion from the latter, after completing the doctoral dissertation).
Positions.
Under present legislation (LOU 2007), only the following positions are available:
Currently, a professor can be in one of the abolished categories (Professor Titular de Escuela Universitaria, Professor Colaborador), but no new position in these categories can be created.
Of these six categories of tenured positions, four imply becoming a civil servant ("funcionario"):
The "Catedrático de Escuela Universitaria" and the "Profesor Titular de Universidad" categories have been merged by the LOU 2007 reform. The two "de Escuela Universitaria" categories are intended mainly for teachers of three-year degrees (e.g. technical engineering, nursing, teaching in primary schools), while the two "de Universidad" categories include professors of any undergraduate or graduate degree.
Retirement.
The retiring age for university professors in Spain is 65, just like all other workers. However, a university professor can work until he or she is 70, if he so wishes. Even then, they can apply for a Professor Emérito position. It is a non-tenured position and it has a limited duration (4 additional years). Also, there are specific rules established by each university.
Foreign qualifications in Spain.
Spain places following requirements for recognition of non-European qualifications:
Sri Lanka.
The appointment of professors follows the British system and is governed by the University Grants Commission regulations. A points-based system considers contributions to the research field, national development and institutional development. Several types of professorships exist:
Professor positions are clearly separated from other junior faculty positions such as, in seniority order: senior lecturer (grade I) (usually PhD and 6+ years service), senior lecturer (grade II) (usually a PhD and 2+ years service), lecturer (usually with PhD), lecturer (probationary), assistant lecturer.
Sweden.
See also Academic rank in Sweden. The academic terminology for titles and positions at universities in Sweden includes the following:
In Sweden only full Professors are addressed as Professors. All others are addressed by their academic rank or academic degree.
The United Kingdom, Ireland and other English speaking countries.
In the United Kingdom, like most Commonwealth countries (excluding Canada) and Ireland traditionally, a professor held either an established chair or a personal chair. An established chair is established by the university to meet their needs for academic leadership and standing in a particular area or discipline and the post is filled from a shortlist of applicants; only a suitably qualified person will be appointed. A personal chair is awarded specifically to an individual in recognition of their high levels of achievements and standing in their particular area or discipline. In most universities, professorships are reserved for only the most senior academic staff, and other academics are generally known as 'lecturers', 'senior lecturers' and 'readers' (in some Commonwealth countries such as Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, the title 'associate professor' can be used instead of 'reader'). In some countries, senior lecturers are generally paid the same as readers, but the latter is awarded primarily for research excellence, and traditionally carries higher prestige. A few UK universities have recently begun using the Australian terminology, with both "Senior Lecturers" and "Readers" now being called "associate professors." Traditionally, heads of departments and other senior academic leadership roles within a university were undertaken by professors. The University of Western Australia has recently changed the terminology, with "lecturers" now being called "assistant professors", "senior lecturers" now being called "associate professors", "associate professors" now being called "professors", and "professors" now being called "Winthrop Professors".
During the 1990s, however, the University of Oxford introduced Titles of Distinction, enabling their holders to be termed professors or readers while holding academic posts at the level of lecturer. This results in a two-tier professoriate, with statutory professors – or named chairs – having higher status than the relatively recently created category of titular professors. Similar hierarchies among the professoriate exist in a small number of other UK universities. The University of Exeter, University of Reading, and University of Warwick have adopted the style of 'associate professor' in lieu of 'reader'. The varied practices these changes have brought about has meant that academic ranks in the United Kingdom and in Australia are no longer quite as consistent as they once were. The same trend to move towards the North American system is also observed in the former British colony of Hong Kong. Academic ranks there are now becoming more consistent again, with The University of Hong Kong, the oldest university in the territory, having switched to the North American system.
In general in the UK the title of 'professor' is reserved for full professors; lecturers and readers are properly addressed by their academic qualification (Dr for a PhD DPhil etc. and Mr/Mrs/Miss/Ms otherwise). In New Zealand and Singapore associate professors are by courtesy addressed as "Professor". In official functions, however, associate professors are addressed as doctor or associate professors and not professors. As in the USA, the title of 'professor emeritus' may be awarded to a retired or former professor, who may well retain formal or informal links with the institution where the chair was formerly held.
Named professorships.
Many professorships are named in honour of a distinguished person or after the person who endowed the chair. Some chairs have a long history and considerable prestige attached, such as the Gresham Professorships, which date back to the 16th Century, Regius Professorships or the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics. Some academic societies and professional institution also award or designate certain postholders or members as 'Professor' usually being personal awards. The College of Teachers, formerly The College of Preceptors, is a longstanding example of this as are the amalgamated bodies included in The Society of Teachers in Business Education.
Professors of music – music teachers.
Somewhat confusingly, instructors at many music conservatoires in the UK are known as professors; for example 'professor of violin'. This designation is quite different from the standard British use of the term and has more in common with the American usage, where the term is applied to any instructor at a college or university. Related to this usage, small-town music teachers, even if they held no degrees, were sometimes called "professors" in years past in the United States.
In the United Kingdom and Ireland the term 'professor' is properly and in formal situations given to singing and instrumental tutors in the music colleges / conservatories of music, usually the older and more august ones: The Royal College of Music, Royal Academy of Music, Royal Northern College of Music, Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama, Royal Irish Academy of Music, Guildhall School of Music and Drama, Trinity College of Music and Birmingham Conservatoire. The expression has become almost obsolete for singing and instrumental tuition in the universities, however, save for one or two. The same convention applies throughout Europe in the National Colleges of Music.
Professors of fencing – fencing coaches.
The British Academy of Fencing has a 5-level series of qualifications in each of the three weapons, with the highest being Diploma Level. Those qualifying at this level in one or two weapons may use the title Maître d’Escrime (master of fencing). Those qualifying at Diploma Level in all three weapons become ‘Masters’ of the Academy and may use the title professor.
United States.
The term "professors" in the United States refers to a group of educators at the college and university level. In the United States, while "Professor" as a "proper noun" (with a capital "P") generally implies a position title, the "common noun" "professor" appropriately describes anyone teaching at the college level, regardless of rank; also, as a "prenominal" title of address, it can be capitalized without implying the title rank, and is properly so used in direct address. At some junior colleges without a formal ranking system, all instructors are accorded the courtesy title of "Professor."
Tenured and tenure-track positions.
These full-time faculty members engage in both undergraduate and graduate teaching, mentoring, research, and service. Only faculty in these positions are eligible for tenure.
The top administrative post in many academic departments is the "department chair." Prior to the 1970s, such administrators were called "chairmen" or "chairwomen," but the term in most institutions has since been shortened to the gender-neutral "chair." While many department chairs also hold endowed chair positions, the two positions are distinct.
Educators who hold a formal title of "Professor" (referred to as tenured/tenure-track faculty) typically begin their careers as "assistant professors", (or "lecturers" and "senior lecturers") with subsequent promotions to the ranks of "associate professor" and finally "professor". The titles are historical traditions; for example, it is not implied that an assistant professor "assists" more senior faculty. There is often a strict timeline for application for promotion from assistant to associate professor, most often 5 or 6 years following the initial appointment. Applicants are evaluated based on their contributions to research, teaching, and administration. The relative weightings of these contributions differ by institution, with PhD-granting universities usually placing more emphasis on research and liberal arts colleges placing more emphasis on teaching. The decision to grant tenure and promotion from assistant to associate professor usually requires numerous levels of approval, with a common sequence being:
A decision to reject a candidate for tenure normally requires that the individual leave the institution within a year. Otherwise, tenure is granted along with promotion from assistant to associate professor. Although tenure and promotion are usually separate decisions, they are often highly correlated such that a decision to grant a promotion coincides with a decision in favor of tenure, and vice versa. Promotion to associate professor usually results in an increased administrative load and membership on committees that are restricted to tenured faculty.
Some people remain at the level of associate professor throughout their careers. However, most will apply for the final promotion to full professor; the timeline for making this application is more flexible than that for assistant to associate positions and the associate professor does not normally lose his/her job if the application is rejected. As with promotion from assistant to associate professor, promotion from associate to full professor involves review at multiple levels, similar to the earlier tenure/promotion review. This includes external reviews, decisions by the department, recommendations by members of other departments, and high-ranking university officials. Usually, this final promotion requires that the individual has maintained an active research program, and excellent teaching, in addition to taking a leadership role in important departmental and extra-departmental administrative tasks. Full professor is the highest rank that a professor can achieve (other than in a named position) and is seldom achieved before a person reaches their mid-40s. The rank of full professor carries additional administrative responsibilities associated with membership on committees that are restricted to full professors.
Two-year community colleges that award tenure often use the "professor" ranking system as well. Candidates for tenure at those institutions would not normally need to hold a PhD, only the degree necessary (usually a master's) for employment as an instructor.
Non-tenure-track positions.
Individuals in these positions typically (though not always) focus on teaching undergraduate courses, do not engage in research (except in the case of "research professors"), may or may not have administrative or service roles, and sometimes are eligible for job security that is less strong than tenure. They may still use the prenominal title "professor" and be described by the common-noun "professor," whether or not the position title contains the term. Likewise, the term "instructor" is very generic and can be applied to any teacher, or it can be a specific title (tenure or tenure-track) depending upon how an institution chooses to use the term.
Retired faculty.
Retired faculty may retain formal or informal links with their university, such as library privileges or office space. At some institutions faculty who have retired after achieving the rank of professor are given the title "professor emeritus" (male) or "professor emerita" (female).
Historical Islamic usage.
In Muslim civilisation, the chair was designated by the caliph himself. Mostly through recommendation, the caliph made appointments to a professorial chair ("Kursi" in Arabic) in a "jami’" (university or congregational madrasah). Such was the case of Ibn 'Aqil (died 1119 CE) who was appointed to a well-known chair in Jami' al-Mansur (Baghdad), becoming the main teacher of the madrasah. In other cases, a scholar could be appointed to two chairs at the same time, holding a chair in one jami’ and simultaneously holding another in another jami’ or in one of the exclusive institutions.
This is the case of particularly distinguished and popular scholars. For example a certain Ibn al-Banna' (d. 1079) had a chair in Jami' al-Mansur (Baghdad), located in the centre of the riwaq (nave of the mosque), while simultaneously holding another in Jami' al-Qasr (also Baghdad), around the maqsura (a separate room inside the mosque). Some chairs were also known by the discipline they represented; as, for instance, the chair or study-circle of the traditionalists ("halqat ahl al-hadith"), and that of the grammarians ("halqat al-nahwiyin"). Others were known by the name of the family whose members occupied it in succession; as, for instance, the chair of the Barmakids ("halqat al-Barâmika"). Sometimes institutions were specialised in particular study and therefore received a corresponding chair, e.g. the Nizamiya did not have a chair of Islamic theology, but only a chair of Islamic law.
As to tenure of the chair, once a professor was appointed by the caliph to a chair in one of the main madrasahs (Jamii), he ordinarily held it for the remainder of his lifetime. Cases of lengthy tenure are often reported by biographers, for example Abu 'All al-Kattani (d. 1061), who was in his eighties when he died, had occupied his chair for 50 years. According to George Makdisi and Hugh Goddard, "the fact that we still talk of professors holding the 'chair' of their subject" is based on the "traditional Islamic pattern of teaching where the professor sits on a chair and the students sit around him", and the term 'academic circles' derives from the way Islamic students "sat in a circle around their professor." The term 'professor' itself is believed a translation of the Arabic term "mufti", which meant "professor of legal opinions."
Salary.
In interest of an expert's report from 2005 of the "Deutscher Hochschulverband DHV", a lobby of the German professors, the salary of professors in the United States, Germany and Switzerland is as follows:
In fiction.
As portrayed in fiction, in accordance with a stereotype, professors are often depicted as being shy and absent-minded. Obvious examples include the 1961 movie "The Absent-Minded Professor", or Professor Calculus who features in "The Adventures of Tintin" stories. Professors have also been portrayed as being misguided, such as Professor Metz, who helped the villain Blofeld in the James Bond film "Diamonds Are Forever"; or simply evil, like Professor Moriarty, who is the archenemy of Sherlock Holmes. Animated series "Futurama" has a typical absent-minded but genius Professor Hubert Farnsworth. (See also mad scientist.) Vladimir Nabokov, author and professor of English at Cornell, frequently used professors as the protagonists in his novels. Professor Henry Higgins is also a main character in "My Fair Lady". In the popular Harry Potter series, a few students are the most important characters, but all their teachers are known as professors, who play many important parts. In the board game "Cluedo", Professor Plum has been depicted as absent minded. In the movie, see "Clue (film)", Professor Plum was a psychologist, who had an affair with one of his patients. He was played by Christopher Lloyd.
An example of a fictional professor not depicted as shy or absent-minded is Indiana Jones, a professor as well as an archeologist-adventurer. The character generally referred to simply as the Professor on the television series, "Gilligan's Island", although described alternatively as a high-school science teacher or research scientist, is depicted as a sensible advisor, a clever inventor, and a helpful friend to his fellow castaways. John Houseman's portrayal of law school professor Charles W. Kingsfield, Jr., in "The Paper Chase" (1973) remains the epitome of the strict, authoritarian professor who demands perfection from students.
Mysterious, older men with magical powers (and unclear academic standing) are sometimes given the title of "Professor" in literature and theater. Notable examples include Professor Marvel in "The Wizard of Oz" and Professor Drosselmeyer (as he is sometimes known) from the ballet "The Nutcracker". Also, the magician played by Christian Bale in the film, "The Prestige", adopts 'The Professor' as his stage name. A variation of this type of non-academic professor is the "crackpot inventor," as portrayed by Professor Potts in the film version of "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" or the Jerry Lewis-inspired "Professor Frink" character on "The Simpsons". Other professors of this type are the thoughtful and kind Professor Digory Kirke of C.S. Lewis' "Chronicles of Narnia.
The title has been used by comedians, such as "Professor" Irwin Corey and Soupy Sales in his role as "The Big Professor." In the past, pianists in saloons and other rough environments have been called "professor." The puppeteer of a Punch and Judy show is also traditionally known as a "professor."
The stereotype of a professor as an aloof individual with a narrow range of intense interests led Hans Asperger to call children with Asperger's syndrome "little professors."

</doc>
<doc id="20646814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646814" title="Elving Andersson">
Elving Andersson


</doc>
<doc id="20646831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646831" title="Virtual Radiology Network">
Virtual Radiology Network

The virtual radiology network (VRN) is a modern service for radiology groups that collects digital imaging studies from multiple, geographically dispersed locations and delivers them securely, reliably and efficiently to physicians over the Web. The virtual radiology network enables radiology groups to perform remote reading across geographic boundaries with greater control over report turnaround times and distribution to clients and referring doctors.
The virtual radiology network can help radiologists manage image-related workflow across distributed sites, providing productivity-enhancing tools and capabilities that include universal work lists, automatic routing, workload balancing and management control dashboards.
The virtual radiology network is delivered as an outsourced clinical image management service that can increase the productivity of multi-site groups, helping them achieve growth without the pain, cost and risk typically associated with traditional PACS solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20646834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646834" title="Gustav Andersson i Löbbo">
Gustav Andersson i Löbbo


</doc>
<doc id="20646861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646861" title="Herman Andersson">
Herman Andersson


</doc>
<doc id="20646866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646866" title="Zefta">
Zefta

Zefta: (  ) is an Egyptian town in the Nile delta, belongs to Gharbia governorate. It is across the nile from Mit Ghamr city of Ad Daqahliyah governorate.
History.
Zefta is well known in the modern Egyptian history during the 1919 uprising, lately called Egyptian Revolution of 1919, when the British occupation expelled Saad Zaghloul Pasha out of Egypt along other leaders of Wafd Party and were exiled to Malta, the people of Zefta, led by Youssef El Guindi, gathered and declared their independence of the crown and named it Zefta Republic. The town of Zefta has also seen the birth of Mostafa Younis, who works in the field of aviation, Fouad Younis, who works as an accountant and the engineer Moghad Younis.
Zefta, is the location of one of Nile barrages built during 1881-1952 to control the Nile flow.
Zefta, is the birthplace of many well known people, for example:
Kimon Evan Marengo, Mostafa Kamal Tolba , Mostafa El-Sayed and Ahmed Seif al-Islam Keshty

</doc>
<doc id="20646871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646871" title="Skye Stracke">
Skye Stracke

Skye Stracke is an Australian fashion model from Perth, Western Australia.
Career.
Prior to her career as a model, Stracke wanted to be a makeup artist. She won a modeling competition at Vivien's, an Australian modeling agency, and walked in Rosemount Australian Fashion Week, where she was scouted by DNA Model Management. 
She moved to New York City on 9 January 2008 to further her modeling career.
She subsequently walked in shows for Chanel, Christian Lacroix, Nina Ricci (brand), and Missoni, and has shot editorials for American and Russian "Vogue (magazine)". She has also modeled for a Lacoste campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20646880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646880" title="Brahman">
Brahman

In Hinduism, Brahman ( "") is "the unchanging reality amidst and beyond the world", which "cannot be exactly defined". It has been described in Sanskrit as "Sat-cit-ānanda" (being-consciousness-bliss) and as the highest reality.
Brahman is conceived as Atman, personal, impersonal and/or Para Brahman, depending on the philosophical school.
According to Advaita, a liberated human being ("jivanmukta") has realised Brahman as his or her own true self.
The Isha Upanishad says: Auṃ – That supreme "Brahman" is infinite, and this conditioned "Brahman" is infinite. The infinite proceeds from infinite. If you subtract the infinite from the infinite, the infinite remains alone.
Etymology.
Sanskrit "Brahman" (an "n"-stem, nominative ') from a root ' " to swell, expand, grow, enlarge" is a neutral noun to be distinguished from the masculine ""—denoting a person associated with Brahman, and from Brahmā, the creator God of the Hindu Trinity, the Trimurti. Brahman is thus a gender-neutral concept that implies greater impersonality than masculine or feminine conceptions of the deity. Brahman is referred to as the supreme self.
Semantics and pronunciation.
In Vedic Sanskrit:-
In later Sanskrit usage:-
One must not confuse these with:
Hindu understanding of Brahman.
Vedic.
In the early Vedic religion "Brahman" was the name given to the power that made the sacrifice effective, namely the spiritual power of the sacred utterances pronounced by the vedic priests who were by virtue of this known as "brahmins". Connected with the ritual of pre-Vedantic Hinduism, "Brahman" signified the power to grow, the expansive and self-altering process of ritual and sacrifice, often visually realized in the sputtering of flames as they received the all important ghee (clarified butter) and rose in concert with the mantras of the Vedas.
The Vedas say that by Brahman, the initial manifestation of the material universe and all therein arose: 
Upanishads.
The later Vedic religion produced the Upanisads, a series of profound philosophical reflections in which Brahman is now considered to be the one Absolute Reality behind changing appearances. It is the universal substrate from which material things originate and to which they return after their dissolution.
The sages of the Upanishads made their pronouncements on the basis of meditative experience and direct knowledge. The earlier Upanishads were written during a time of intensely fertile philosophical and religious revival in which the old dogmas were being questioned while experiential knowledge and logic were being emphasised. It is at this point that the polytheism that characterises the vedic hymns gives way to a search for what is common in the seemingly pluralistic universe. The unitive concepts that arise from this tendency are those of "dharma" and "brahman".
The Upanishads recount the teachings of gurus to pupils (Brahmacaryas) who are seeking knowledge of Brahman. This knowledge of brahman is not mere epistemic knowledge (knowing "about" something) but a direct, unambiguous knowing that is liberating in its experience. This culture of acquiring personal knowledge and its concomitant liberation, separate from direct Vedic influence, is now referred to as sramanic culture and has constituted an important influence on the development of mainstream Hinduism.
Descriptions of Brahman.
The description of Brahman from Mandukya Upanishad:
<br>sarvam hyetad brahmāyamātmā brahma soyamātmā chatushpāt'"
– Mandukya Upanishad, verse-2
sarvam (सर्वम्)- whole/all/everything; hi (हि)- really/surely/indeed; etad (एतद्)- this here/this; brahma (ब्रह्म)- Brahma/Brahman; ayam (अयम्)- this/here; ātmā(आत्मा)- atma/atman; sah(सः)- he; ayam (अयम्)- this/here; chatus(चतुस्)- four/quadruple; pāt(पात्)- step/foot/quarter
<br>sarvam hi etad brahma ayam ātmā brahm sah ayam ātmā chatus paat
All indeed is this Brahman; He is Atman; He has four quarters.
The Great Sayings.
Several "mahā-vākyas" or "Great Sayings" from the Upanisads indicate what the principle of Brahman is:
Brahman and Atman.
Some Upanishadic statements identify the Atman, the Self, with Brahman. While Advaita philosophy considers Brahman to be without form, qualities, or attributes, Visishtadvaita and Dvaita philosophies understand Brahman as one with infinite auspicious qualities. In Advaita, the ultimate reality is expressed as Nirguna Brahman. Nirguna means formless, attribute-less and indescribable. Advaita explains all personal forms of "God" including Vishnu and Shiva with a metaphor: "The personal God is impersonal reality reflected upon the mirror of ignorance and illusion." In Visishtadvaita and Dvaita, God is Saguna Brahman with infinite attributes and is the source of the impersonal Nirguna Brahman, and God's energy is regarded as Maya.
Moksha.
While Brahman lies behind the sum total of the objective universe, the human mind boggles at any attempt to explain it with only the tools provided by reason. Gital explains the concept of (Bhagavad Gita 5.21) "beyond the senses, beyond the mind, beyond intelligence, beyond imagination."
Yajur Veda "Mundakopanishad" 3.2.4 reads: "This Self is not attained by one devoid of strength, nor through delusion, nor through knowledge unassociated with monasticism. But the Self of that knower, who strives through these means, enters into the abode that is Brahman."
Yajur Veda "Mundakopanishad" 3.2.6 reads: "Those to whom the entity presented by the Vedantic knowledge has become fully ascertained, and who endeavour assiduously with the help of the Yoga of monasticism, become pure in mind. At the supreme moment of final departure all of them become identified with the supreme Immortality in the worlds that are Brahman, and they become freed from the cycle of Birth and Death."
Vedanta.
The later Vedantic philosophers teach that the liberated being, upon realizing his or her true nature, reaches the state of existence, awareness and bliss; as such, when asked to describe Brahman anthropomorphically, philosophers use the term saccidananda even though Brahman is beyond the grasps of words. The term saccidānanda is regarded as the only possible, yet inadequate and inaccurate, term which can be used to explain Brahman.
It is said that Brahman cannot be known by empirical means — that is to say, as an object within our consciousness — because Brahman is our very consciousness. Therefore it may be said that moksha, yoga, samādhi, nirvana, etc. do not merely mean to know Brahman, but rather to realise one's "brahman-hood", to actually realise that one is and always was Brahman. Indeed, closely related to the Self-concept of Brahman is the idea that it is synonymous with "jiva-atma", or individual selves, our atman (or Self) being readily identifiable with the greater reality ("paramatma") of Brahman.
Generally, Vedanta rejects the notion of an evolving Brahman since Brahman contains within it the potentiality and archetypes behind all possible manifest phenomenal forms. The Vedas, though they are in some respects historically conditioned, are considered by Hindus to convey a knowledge eternal, timeless and always contemporaneous with Brahman. This knowledge is considered to have been handed down by realised yogins to students many generations before the Vedas were committed to writing. Written texts of the Vedas are a relatively recent phenomenon.
Different schools try to establish the primacy or supremacy of the personal or impersonal nature of Brahman. Advaita argues the latter and dvaita the former.
Advaita Vedanta.
Advaita Vedanta espouses nondualism. Thus, "Brahman" is the origin and end of all things, material or otherwise. "Brahman" is the root source of everything that exists, and is the only thing that exists according to Shankara. He states that Brahman is unknowable (as an object of knowledge), indescribable and, all inclusively, non-dual. The goal of Vedanta is to realize that one's Self ("Atman") is a product of our ego and false-identification; in reality, "Brahman" is all that exists. This leads to the statement that we are ultimately Brahman. Depending upon the interpretation, the Hindu pantheon of gods is said, in the "Vedas" and "Upanishads", to be only higher manifestations or metaphors, of "Brahman". For this reason, ""ekam sat"" ("Truth is one"), and all is "Brahman". This explains the Hindu view that "Truth is one, though the sages give it different names."
The universe does not simply come from Brahman, it "is" Brahman. According to Adi Shankara, a proponent of Advaita Vedanta, knowledge of brahman springs from inquiry into the real word as well as the world of the Upanishads. Adi Shankaracharya is also of the view that the knowledge of brahman that shruti provides cannot be obtained in any other means besides inquiry.
In Advaita Vedanta, Brahman is without attributes and strictly impersonal. According to Advaita Vedanta, consciousness is not a property of Brahman but its very nature. In this respect Advaita Vedanta differs from other Vedanta schools.
Since the Advaitins regard Brahman to be the ultimate reality, in comparison to it, the distinctness and dualism/pluralism of the material universe are products of illusion and ignorance. Nonetheless, individual Advaitins have slightly differing views regarding the existence of God in relation to Brahman. Some believe that there is one God however this God is transcended by the impersonal Brahman; this form of Advaita Vedanta is a transtheistic form of nondualism. Others, still, consider gods to be metaphors of the different aspects of the universe, which is ultimately Brahman; in this sense, Advaita Vedanta is a nondualistic form of atheistic pantheism.
Following are relevant verses from Bhagavad-Gita which establish the Advaita position:
Similar to a person who is not attached to external pleasures but enjoys happiness in the Atman (soul), the person who perceives Brahman in everything feels everlasting joy. (Bhagavad Gita 5.21)
The act of offering is Brahman; that which is offered is Brahman; the sacred fire is Brahman; the one who makes the offering is Brahman; Brahman is thus attained by those who, in their actions, are absorbed in contemplation of Brahman.(Bhagavad Gita 4.24)
Visishtadvaita Vedanta.
Brahman of Visishtadvaita is synonymous with Narayana, who is the transcendent and immanent reality. Brahman or Narayana is Saguna Brahman with infinite auspicious qualities, and not the Advaita concept of attributeless Nirguna Brahman. "Sarvam khalvidam brahma, tajjalaniti santa upasita": According to Ramanuja, considering the appearance of the word "tajjalan iti" (Roots: tat + ja = born + la = dissolved), this statement from the Chandogya Upanishad does not simply mean that the universe is Brahman, but that it is pervaded by, born from and dissolves into Brahman. An analogy: fish is born in water, lives in water, and is ultimately dissolved into water; yet the fish is not water.
The concept of Brahman in Visishtadvaita is explained as an inseparable triad of Ishwara-Chit-Achit. Ishvara, the Supreme Self (Paramatman) is the indwelling spirit (Antaryami) in all. Both the Chit (sentient) and Achit (insentient) entities are pervaded and permeated by Ishvara. Brahman is the material and efficient cause of the universe. The concept of Brahman in Visishtadvaita can be seen as a hybrid of Advaita and Dvaita positions. Like all other Vaishnava schools of thought, Visishtadvaita is also panentheistic unlike the pantheism of Advaita. It also proposes a qualified attributive monism approach as opposed to the absolute monism of Advaita.
Brahman is, Antaryami, the real self of all beings. Everything other than Brahman form the Sarira (body) of Brahman. The inseparable relation between the body and the soul is similar to that of substance and attribute which are inseparable. So Brahman is the prakari and the universe is the prakara, mode of Brahman. Hence anything that describes a sentient or insentient being has its connotation only with Brahman, the real and ultimate self.
The relationship between Ishvara-Chit-Achit can be further understood as follows:
1. The Sarira-Sariri Concept
The key concept of Visishtadvaita is the Sarira-Sariri Bhaava, the body-soul relationship between the universe and Ishvara. There are three realities, namely, Ishvara (the Lord), Jiva (individual souls), and Jagat (insentient matter). They are not separate entities but together they form an organic whole. This is similar to the concept of body-soul relationship, but on a cosmic scale. Thus, Ishvara has the Chit (sentient) and Achit (insentient) entities for His body and being the Supreme Self, exercises complete control over it.
2. Substance-Attribute Concept
In Visishtadvaita, Ishvara is the original substance, of which Jiva and Prakriti are attributes. An attribute cannot have an existence independent of an underlying substance. The substance-attribute concept establishes an uninterrupted, non-reciprocal relationship between Ishvara and the two modes.
Followers of Visishtadvaita refute Advaita thought that if it is indeed true that the one undivided Brahman, whose very nature is pure spirit, is the foundation of Maya and also embodies the liberating force of knowledge, then it is illogical to say that the very same Brahman falls under the influence of the illusory power of Maya and gets covered by ignorance. Thus establishing that Jiva and Ishvara are indeed separate entities. Since both their identities and capabilities are different, the Jiva and the Lord are essentially distinct. In other words, if Brahman is indivisible, changeless, and supreme, then a force of Maya cannot appear within Brahman, modify it, and put it into ignorance.
Bhakti Yoga is the sole means of liberation in Visishtadvaita. Through Bhakti (devotion), a Jiva ascends to the realm of the Lord to serve Him. Karma Yoga and Jnana Yoga are natural outcomes of Bhakti, total surrender, as the devotee acquires the knowledge that the Lord is the inner self. A devotee realizes his own state as dependent on, and supported by, and being led by the Lord, who is the Master. One is to lead a life as an instrument of the Lord, offering all his thought, word, and deed to the feet of the Lord. One is to see the Lord in everything and everything in Him. This is the unity in diversity achieved through devotion.
In Bhagavad-Gita, Krishna is Ishvara and denotes Saguna Brahman, and the term Brahman means Nirguna Brahman:
Dvaita Vedanta.
Brahman of Dvaita (substantial monism) is synonymous with Hari or Vishnu, who is the most exalted Para Brahman (Supreme Brahman), superior to liberated souls and even the impersonal Brahman. Dvaita holds that the individual soul is dependent (paratantra) on God, since it is unable to exist without the energizing support of the universal spirit, just as a tree cannot survive without its sap.
Dvaita schools argue against the Advaita concept that upon liberation one realizes Brahman as a formless God is erroneous, quoting from Vedanta Sutra:
Dvaita propounds Tattvavada which means understanding differences between Tattvas (significant properties) of entities within the universal substrate as follows:
Vaishnavism.
Vishnu is traditionally derived from the root "Vish" which means to enter or pervade, and He is called Vishnu because He pervades the whole universe. Brahmanda Purana (1.4.25) says that He is called as Vishnu because He has entered into everything in the universe. The most important aspect is that the whole universe is covered by only three steps of Vishnu which is referred to several times in the Vedas (Rig Veda 1.22.17, 1.154. 3, 1.155.4, Atharva Veda 7.26.5, Yajur Veda 2.25). "In His three steps rests the whole universe" (Rig Veda 1.154.2, Yajur Veda 23.49). All indeed is Brahman, which can thus be identified with Vishnu, based on the Vedas.
Achintya Bheda Abheda.
The Acintya Bheda Abheda philosophy is similar to Dvaitadvaita (differential monism). All Vaishnava schools are panentheistic and perceive the Advaita concept of identification of Atman with the impersonal Brahman as an intermediate step of self-realization, but not Mukti, or final liberation of complete God-realization through Bhakti Yoga. Gaudiya Vaishnavism, a form of Achintya Bheda Abheda philosophy, also concludes that Brahman is the Supreme Personality of Godhead. According to them, Brahman is Lord Vishnu/Krishna; the universe and all other manifestations of the Supreme are extensions of Him.
In this philosophy, Brahman is not just impersonal, but also personal. That Brahman is Supreme Personality of Godhead, though on first stage of realization (by process called jnana) of Absolute Truth, He is realized (usually by advaita-vedantists, followers of Shankaracarya) as impersonal Brahman, then (by Vaishnavas) as personal Brahman having eternal Vaikuntha abode (also known as Brahmalokah sanatana), then as Paramatma (by process of yoga-meditation on Supersoul, Vishnu-God in heart) – Vishnu (Narayana, also in everyone's heart) who has many abodes known as Vishnulokas (Vaikunthalokas), and finally (Absolute Truth is realized by bhakti) as Bhagavan, Supreme Personality of Godhead, who is source of both Paramatma and Brahman (personal and/or impersonal).
In Gaudiya-vaisnavism, philosophers who try to establish that everything is Brahman or Maya are called Brahmavadis (impersonalists) or Mayavadis. Thought they are still considered to be transcendentalists, but of other group (so-called followers of Shankaracarya, because he himself, as avatara of Shiva accepted Brahman to be Vishnu, not impersonal brahmajyoti as God).
The Advaita concept of a Jivanmukta is mocked as an absurd oxymoron because a person who has surmounted the realm of perception and realized the Absolute (as Advaita holds) should not continue to exist within and interact with the realm of perception that one has realized as being not real. The suggestion that such bondage to the world of perception continues for a while after the occurrence of God-realization, because of past attachments, is not tenable. Such attachments themselves are artifacts of the perceived world that has supposedly been sublated, and should not continue to besiege the consciousness of the self-realized. A Jivanmukta, or liberated person, should not even be physically present in the material universe. A person who is living in the world cannot be said to be free of sorrow born of material contact, and also cannot be said to experience the joy of liberation. The very act of being in a gross material body is not accepted in as a Jivanmukta i.e. a person liberated from the cycle of birth and death. The soul upon liberation does not lose its identity, which remains different from God, nor does one become equal to God in any respect. A mukta indeed becomes free from all suffering, but one's enjoyment is not of the same caliber as His, nor does a mukta become independent of Him. The permanent differential aspect of Atman (soul) from the Lord is established from:
"Never was there a time when I (Ishvara) did not exist, nor you, nor all these kings; nor in the future shall any of us cease to be." (Bhagavad Gita 2.12)
In Dvaita, liberation (Moksha) is achieved by flawless devotion and correct understanding. Devotion to a personal form of God, Saguna Brahman, indicated here is the transcendental form of Krishna or Vishnu (see Vaishnavism). This conclusion is corroborated by the Bhagavata Purana, written by Vyasa as his commentary on Vedanta Sutra.
"O my Lord, Krishna, son of Vasudeva, O all-pervading Lord, I offer my respectful obeisances unto You, the Absolute Truth and the primeval cause of all causes of the creation, sustenance and destruction of the manifested universes" ("om namo bhagavate vasudevaya janmady asya yatah 'nvayad itaratas cartheshv abhijnah svarat"). (Bhagavata Purana 1.1.1)
Vyasa employs the words "janma-adi – creation, sustenance and destruction; asya – of the manifested universes; yatah – from whom;", in the first verse of the Bhagavata Purana to establish that Krishna is the Absolute Truth. This is clear testimony of the author's own conclusion that the ultimate goal of all Vedic knowledge is Krishna.
Modern Hinduism.
During the 19th century Hindu reform movements arose, creating "neo-Hinduism", a modern synthetic understanding of classical Hinduism and modern philosophy and spirituality. Representants of this Hindu modernism are Ramakrishna, Sri Aurobindo and Radakrishnan. An important influence is the Theosophy from Annie Besant.
According to Radhakrishnan, The sages of the Upanishads teach that Brahman is the ultimate essence of material phenomena (including the original identity of the human self) that cannot be seen or heard, but whose nature can be known through the development of self-knowledge ("atma jnana").
Buddhist understanding of Brahman.
Brahma as perfection.
While Brahmā in Buddhist scripture refers to the non-eternal demigod, Brahma or Brahman is believed by scholars to refer to the eternal perfect being, and the highest stage any person can achieve is labelled as Brahma. For example Buddha's eight-fold path is not only called as Astanga Marga (eight-fold path) and Dharmayana but also as Brahmayana. As the "Samyutta Nikaya" says, V, 5-6, ""This Ariyan eightfold Way may be spoken of as Brahmayana or as Dhammayana." Again the Buddha Dharma is equated with Brahma when "...he has become dharma, he has become brahman." It is said that the cultivation of compassion in its purest form is ""called the divine life in this world (Brahman item viharam idhmahu)."" In this context Brahma is interpreted to mean divine.
In the "Suttanipata", 656, the Buddha says that he who has won the three-fold lore (self-denial, holy life, and control) and who will never be reborn is Brahma.
The Buddha Dharma is compared to Brahma. In the "Majjhima Nikaya", I, 60 the Dharmachakra of "wheel of law" is also called the Brahmachakra. The Majjhima-Nikaya also says that tbe Buddha is 'Brahmapatta' or "one who has attained Brahman".
Of Nirvana, the ultimate happiness it is written ""one who has attained Nirvana"" it is said, ""may justifiably employ theological terminology" (dhammena so Brahma-vadam vadeyya)"
Further, Brahmajala refers to the best knowledge achieved.
Later Buddhist scholars connect the state of Nirvana with Brahman. Buddhaghosa in his "Digha" says that the "Tathagata (Buddha) is dhammakaya brahmakaya dhammabhuta brahmabhuta." Bhavaviveka uses the term Brahma-Abhyasa, meaning "practicing Brahma" which refers to the Buddhist trying to become one with Brahma.
"Even so have I, monks, seen an ancient way, an ancient road followed by the wholly awakened ones of olden time...Along that have I done, and the matters that I have come to know fully as I was going along it, I have told to the monks, nuns, men and women lay-followers, even monks, this Brahma-faring brahmacharya that is prosperous and flourishing, widespread and widely known become popular in short, well made manifest for gods and men."
Referring to the differentiation of the terms Brahmā and Brahman, B. R. Barua says, "The cases where the Absolute is clearly meant ought to be carefully distinguished from others where Brahma is referred".
Rejection of Brahman.
Buddhism rejects the Upanishadic doctrine of Brahman/atman. According to Damien Keown, "the Buddha said he could find no evidence for the existence of either the personal soul ("atman") or its cosmic counterpart ("brahman")". According to David Webster, the metaphysics of Buddhism entails that desire for Brahman leads to "dukkha" (suffering).
According to Merv Fowler, some forms of Buddhism have incorporated concepts that resemble that of Brahman. As an example, Fowler cites the early Sarvastivada school of Buddhism, which "had come to accept a very pantheistic religious philosophy, and are important because of the impetus they gave to the development of Mahayana Buddhism". According to William Theodore De Bary, in the doctrines of the Yogacara school of Mahayana Buddhism, "the Body of Essence, the Ultimate Buddha, who pervaded and underlay the whole universe [...] was in fact the World Soul, the Brahman of the Upanishads, in a new form". According to Fowler, some scholars have identified the Buddhist "nirvana", conceived of as the Ultimate Reality, with the Hindu Brahman/atman; Fowler claims that this view "has gained little support in Buddhist circles." Fowler asserts that the authors of a number of Mahayana texts took pains to differentiate their ideas from the Upanishadic doctrine of Brahman.
Brahman in Jainism.
Jain Tirthankar Ajita is described as "Brahma-nistha" (engrossed in Self) and is requested to bestow "Jinasrl" on the devotee.

</doc>
<doc id="20646885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646885" title="Shah Niyaz Ahmad">
Shah Niyaz Ahmad

Shah Niyaz Ahmad was born on 6th Jumada al-Thani 1155 Hijri (7 August 1742 C.E.) and died on 6th Jumada al-Thani 1250 Hijri (9 October 1834). He was a prominent Sufi.
Parental lineage.
From his father's side the lineage goes to Ali and from his mother's side it goes to Fatimah Zahra. He was an Alvi from his paternal line and his mother was Rizvi Syed.
His great grandfathers belonged to the royal family of Bukhara (present day Uzbekistan). Among his great grandfathers Shah Ayaat-ul-lah Alvi left the sultanate and settled in Multan (Punjab province of present day Pakistan). His grandson Azmatullah Alvi came to Sirhind (Punjab, India), his son Elahi Shah Muhammad Rahmat-ul-lah later came and settled in Delhi. He was the father of Niyaz. He was appointed Chief Justice in Delhi. He earned the title of "Hakim-e-Elahi". Shah Niyaz was born in Sirhind and came to Delhi with his father.
His mother's name was Bibi Ladoo but she was famous by the name of Hazrat Bibi Garib Nawaz. She was daughter of Syed Maulana Sa'id-ud-din, who traced his descent from Musa al-Kazim. He was a spiritual caliph of Kalim-ul-lah of Shahjahanabad (Delhi). She was herself a spiritual lady. Her spiritual teacher Shah Mohi-ud-din Diyasanami/Giyasnami inducted her twice in Qadria order of Sufism, the reason for making her a disciple for the second time was that, as he said, he was actually making the child in her womb (Niyaz) his disciple.
Education.
His primary education started at home under the guidance of his maternal grandfather Sa'id-ud-din. He got higher education from Madarsa Faqriya, Delhi which was equivalent to a college at that time. He completed his education including Quran, Hadis, Tafseer, Fiqh at the age of 15. He was awarded the degree of Farighut-tahsil after 3 days of questioning by various scholars. He then became a teacher there. He later became the principal of the madarsa.
Initiation in Sufi Order.
Shah Niyaz inherited spiritual qualities from his parents, particularly from his mother from childhood.
His mother gave him in the care of Sayed Faqruddin Muhammad Dehalvi who is famous by the name Maulana Faqr-e-paak/Fakr-e-Zahaan who later made Shah Niyaz his spiritual disciple. He used to call him Miyan. Faqr-e-paak deputed Niyaz to Bareilly (Uttarpradesh, India) to carry out the work of the order.
Niyaz was inducted in Qadri order by Abdullah Baghdadi, who was direct descendent of Gausul Aazam. The incidence is such that one day Fakre Paak told that in his dream Ghaus Paak has introduced him to a certain person (closely related to him) who would be sent to initiate Niyaz as his disciple and Fakre Paak should have him accepted by the person. After six days Fakre Paak told one day that Ghaus Paak has told him that the person has reached Delhi. Fakre Paak placed a tray full of sweets on his head and holding the hand of Niyaz went to Jama Masjid Delhi, where the person (Abdullah Baghdadi) was staying. Hazrat Fakre Paak recognized Abdullah Baghdadi at once and placed the tray in front of him. Niyaz was accepted by Abdullah Baghdadi as his spiritual desciple in front of huge crowd in the arch of Jama Masjid.
Shah Niyaz also received spiritual blessings from other saints of other sufi orders. In brief it can be put that he was initiated in Qadri order by Syed Abdullah Baghdadi and Mohi-ud-din Diyasnami, in Chisti-Nizami order by Fakr-e-Jahaan and Said-ud-din, in Suharwardi order by Fakr-e-Jahaan, and in Chisti-Sabri-Naqshbandi order from Shah Rahmat-ul-lah.
The Sufi order he established is known as the "Niyazi Silsila".
The Sufi order Chishti Nizami Lutfi(India & Pakistan) established by
Moulana Lutfullah Chishti Nizami Dankori Rehmatullah the 4th spiritual descendant of Shah Niyaz.
Hazrat Miskeen Shah Jaipuri was also the prominent Khalifa-mijaaz of Shah Niyaz. Hazrat Miskeen Shah's premier Khalifa and successor was Shah Sadiq Jaipuri. Shah Sadiq's Premier Khalifa and successor was Fazl-e-haq Patodi. Fazl-e-Haq's premier khalifa and successor was Moulana Lutfullah dankori. Moulana Lutfullah's premier khalifa and successor was Sofi Abdulhameed dankori. Sofi Abdulhameed's premier khalifa and successor was Shaikh Ghayoor Ahmed Hyderabad(pak). Shaikh Ghayoor Ahmed Chishti Nizami Lutfi Hameedi's premier Khalifa and successor is Moulana Shahid Hussain Chishti Nizami Lutfi Hameedi Ghayoori (Hyderabad Pakistan).
easy order
Shah Niyaz Rehmatullah,
Miskeen shah Jaipuri Rehmatullah,
Shah Sadiq Jaipuri Rehmatullah,
Fazl-e-haq Patodi Rehmatullah,
Moulana Lutfullah Dankori Rehmatullah,
Sofi Abdul-Hameed Dankori Rehmatullah,
Shaikh Ghayoor Ahmed Rehmatullah(died: 5 ziqad 1424 Hyderabad Pakistan),
Moulana Shahid Hussain(Living in Hyderabad Pakistan).
Marriage and children.
He was married firstly to the daughter of Abdullah Baghdadi who died after some years. He had two sons, Shah Nizam-ud-din Husain and Shah Nasir-ud-din, from his second wife.
His tomb is in Bareilly (Uttar Pradesh, India). His urs (death anniversary) is celebrated annually in a traditional way and is attended by a huge crowd.
Khalifa (Caliphs).
His eldest son Nizamuddin Hussain was his premier khalifa and successor. He had lot of other caliphs, in which some prominent are-Syed Muhammed Sani of Badakshan, Maulvi Abdul Latif of Samarkand, Maulvi Nemat-ul-lah of Kabul, Maulvi Yar Muhammed of Kabul, Mulla jan Muhammed of Kabul, Maulana waz Muhammed of Badakshan, Maulvi Muhammed Husain of Mecca and Mirza Asad-ul-lah Beg of Bareilly.
Hazrat Shah Miskeen Jaipuri was also the prominent Khalifa-mijaaz of Shah Niyaz. Hazrat Miskeen Shah's premier Khalifa and successor was Shah Sadiq Jaipuri. Shah Sadiq's Premier Khalifa and successor was Fazl-e-haq Patodi. Fazl-e-Haq's premier khalifa and successor was Moulana Lutfullah (dankor India). Moulana Lutfullah's premier khalifa and successor was Sofi Abdulhameed (dankor India). Sofi Abdulhameed's premier khalifa and successor was Shaikh Ghayoor Ahmed Hyderabad(pak).,ref.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20646888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646888" title="Helle Degn">
Helle Degn

Helle Degn (born 20 October 1946 in Copenhagen) is a Danish politician. She is a member of the Danish Social Democrats and chairman of Mandela Center, Denmark. In 2000 she was made a Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog by HRM Queen Margrethe II.

</doc>
<doc id="20646890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646890" title="Gudhjem">
Gudhjem

Gudhjem is a small town and fishing port on the northern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm, Denmark. Its population is 718 (1 January 2013).
Gudhjem is a popular venue for tourists who are attracted by its steep, picturesque streets, stunning views and a friendly atmosphere.
History.
Its history as a fishing village goes back many years. The former church, St Anne's Chapel, now a ruin, dates from around 1300. Its harbour was first built in the middle of the 19th century but was destroyed by a storm in 1872 and rebuilt in 1889. A second harbour was constructed between 1897 and 1906 to provide a safe haven for whaling and fishing boats. It was in Gudhjem that smoked herrings were first prepared, in the town's typical smokehouses. Since the 1840s, smoked herrings have been sent to Copenhagen. The Gudhjem-Christiansø ferry has been functioning since 1684.
Landmarks.
Gudhjem Mølle, Denmark's largest windmill, which stands at the top of the hill down into the town, was constructed in 1893. Taken out of service in 1962, it now houses a shop and a café.
Gudhjem is home to the Oluf Høst Museum where Bornholm's celebrated painter, Oluf Høst, spent the latter part of his life. 

</doc>
<doc id="20646891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646891" title="Georgina Chang">
Georgina Chang

Georgina Chang is a Singaporean radio and television broadcaster. Until 2009, she was a tennis presenter and reporter on Star Sports, hosting "ACE", a weekly tennis show. She interviewed top players in the sport including Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Maria Sharapova and Justine Henin. She was courtside when Pete Sampras defeated Andre Agassi in his last US Open, and interviewed Serena Williams just before she defeated Maria Sharapova at the Australian Open. 
Before leaving Star Sports, Chang was also been the on-site presenter and reporter for the World Pool Championships and the on-site presenter for the Asian 9 Ball Tour.
Chang studied at CHIJ Katong Convent and Victoria Junior College before embarking on a career as a radio DJ for the first 24-hour music station in Singapore. She then hosted Singapore's longest-running variety TV show as well as year-end countdown shows for the terrestrial television station now known as MediaCorp TV.
Seeking to expand her scope of experience, she joined STAR television's Channel V in Hong Kong and was an anchor for the daily music news program. She is currently creative director of Singapore radio station, Lush 99.5
She has also written various columns and travel stories for the "Today", "The Star" newspaper, "Her World" magazine, "Men's Health", "Silkwinds" and "8 Days" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20646894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646894" title="Johan Andersson i Raklösen">
Johan Andersson i Raklösen


</doc>
<doc id="20646900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646900" title="Robert Corbet">
Robert Corbet

Captain Robert Corbet RN (died 13 September 1810), often spelled Corbett, was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars who was killed in action in highly controversial circumstances. Corbet was a strict disciplinarian, who regularly beat his men for the slightest infractions: so brutal was his regime that he provoked two mutinies, one simply at the rumour he was coming aboard a ship. These uprisings caused him to become even more vicious in his use of punishments and when he took his frigate HMS "Africaine" into action off Île Bourbon, his men failed to support him and may even have murdered him. In addition to his obsession with discipline and obedience, Corbet was regarded as an inefficient commander, whose standards of gunnery and training were so poor that when his ship did go into action it was ill equipped to fight the French frigates stationed in the Indian Ocean.
Early service.
Corbet was born in Shropshire; otherwise little is known of his childhood and youth. In December 1796, he was promoted to lieutenant and in 1801 served in the Egyptian campaign in command of the cutter . She was wrecked off the coast of Egypt while under his command.
In 1802 he was promoted to commander and in 1803 took command of the sloop HMS "Bittern" in the Mediterranean, catching the eye of Lord Horatio Nelson, who was impressed by him and in 1805 promoted him to captain in command of the frigate HMS "Amfitrite". Whilst in command of "Bittern" he chased a French privateer, "Hirondelle" for 36 hours in a flat calm, with his crew at the sweeps the whole time. Four months later he moved to HMS "Seahorse" and in 1806 was transferred to the Jamaica station.
In November 1806 Corbet returned to Britain and commissioned HMS "Nereide", escorting transport ships to the British invasion of the River Plate. During his time in command of "Nereide", Corbet gained a reputation for brutality, inflicting 134 floggings in just 211 days, with an average of 17 lashes each time. Even by the standards of the time, this was a vicious regime. After the collapse of the expedition, "Nereide" was attached to the squadron at the Cape of Good Hope and in 1808 was sent for refit at Bombay. On arrival Corbet assumed command of the port over the local officers, provoking a strong rebuke from the admiral in command of the Far East station, Sir Edward Pellew. In Bombay his crew, frustrated by the brutal and arbitrary treatment meted out by their captain, issued a complaint against him. In response Corbet requested a formal court martial, but was forced to wait until his ship returned to the Cape of Good Hope due to a shortage of captains of sufficient rank. Corbet neglected to explain this to the crew and when he ordered them to sail for the Cape they mutinied in the belief that their complaint had been ignored. The mutiny was suppressed by local forces in Bombay and when "Nereide" did reach the Cape ten men were tried and one hanged for disobedience. At his court martial, Corbet insisted that "Severity must depend upon circumstances, and whenever I have been severe, circumstances have rendered it necessary" and was cleared of unnecessary cruelty, instead being issued with a minor reprimand for beating his men with sticks larger than those required by Admiralty instructions.
Mauritius campaign.
In late 1808, "Nereide" was attached to the squadron under Josias Rowley ordered to blockade the French colonies of Île Bonaparte and Île de France. In the Action of 31 May 1809, French frigate "Caroline" captured two East Indiamen and took them into Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte. Rowley counterattacked by storming the port and capturing the East Indiamen and "Caroline". Corbet and "Nereide" played an important part of the attack, entering the harbour to engage the French ships from close range. "Caroline" was renamed HMS "Bourbonnaise" and Corbet given command, sent back to Britain with despatches.
On arrival in Britain in early 1810, Corbet was transferred to HMS "Africaine", which ship was deemed more appropriate for service in the Indian Ocean, to which Corbet was ordered to return. When word that Corbet was to take command arrived on board "Africaine", the crew protested to the Admiralty, furious that such a brutal captain had been placed in command of them. They also warned that they would take steps to prevent Corbet from embarking the ship should he attempt to come aboard. Claiming mutiny, Corbet requested support and Admiral Edward Buller was sent aboard to listen to the crews complaints. In addition, the frigate HMS "Menelaus" pulled alongside and threatened to fire on the mutineers unless they allowed Corbet aboard. Under pressure, the crew relented and Corbet took command.
Returning to the Indian Ocean, Corbet was destined for Madras when he stopped at Rodriguez and discovered that most of Rowley's squadron had been destroyed at the Battle of Grand Port. Recognising that Rowley needed urgent reinforcement, Corbet immediately sailed to Île de France. Arriving off the island on 11 September, Rowley discovered the small French ship "No. 23" sheltering inshore and attacked it with his ship's boats. The attack was a failure, the boat party suffering heavy casualties and Corbet sailed for Île Bourbon (formerly Île Bonaparte) to land his wounded. There he united with Rowley's flagship HMS "Boadicea" and two smaller ships and attacked the French blockading force of the frigates "Astrée" and "Iphigénie" under Pierre Bouvet.
During the night of 12 September, "Africaine" outran her compatriots and attacked both French ships in the darkness. On the second broadside from "Astrée", Corbet's right foot was shot off, the captain collapsing to the deck and being taken below. Although their captain had gone, the crew continued to fight and "Astrée" hauled off to allow "Iphigénie" to attack. Two hours later, "Africaine" surrendered, her casualties mounting and the ship in a battered state. The French took possession but later abandoned the ship when "Boadicea" arrived. By the time British officers had resumed control of the ship, Corbet was dead. Almost immediately rumours spread that his death had not simply been the result of his wound: Stories were repeated in reputable histories that Corbet had been either murdered by his crew, or committed suicide to avoid the shame of defeat. Although the truth is unknown, Corbet's crew had displayed an unwillingness to enter action with him in command and once he was dead expressed a desire to pursue the French ships despite their own damage and casualties.
The debate about Corbet's final action continued for many years: the contemporary historian Basil Hall was the subject of a lawsuit in 1820 over his claim that Corbet's men had refused to load their cannon and preferred death at the hands of the French to continued service under their brutal captain. The case was proven and Hall forced to make a retraction. Attention has also focused on Corbet's failure to train his men in the accurate and efficient use of their cannon, preferring to maintain the order and cleanliness of his ship than exercise his gun teams.
A fictionalised account of the events leading up to his death is given in Patrick O'Brian's novel, "The Mauritius Command", in which Rowley is replaced as the commander of the squadron by O'Brian's protagonist, Jack Aubrey.

</doc>
<doc id="20646911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646911" title="Brahma">
Brahma

Brahmā (Sanskrit: ; IAST: "") is the Hindu god (deva) of creation and one of the Trimūrti, the others being Vishnu and Shiva. According to the Brahmā Purāņa, he is the father of Manu, and from Manu all human beings are descended. In the Rāmāyaņa and the Mahābhārata, he is often referred to as the progenitor or great grandsire of all human beings. He is not to be confused with the Supreme Cosmic Spirit in Hindu Vedānta philosophy known as Brahman, which is genderless. In Hindu tradition, the creation of Vedas is credited to Brahma. Brahmā's wife is Saraswati. Saraswati is also known by names such as Sāvitri and Gāyatri, and has taken different forms throughout history. Brahmā is often identified with Prajāpati, a Vedic deity. Being the husband of Saraswati or Vaac Devi (the Goddess of Speech), Brahma is also known as "Vaagish," meaning "Lord of Speech and Sound."
Etymology.
In Sanskrit grammar, the noun stem "brahman" forms two distinct nouns; one is a neuter noun "bráhman", whose nominative singular form is "" ; this noun has a generalized and abstract meaning.
Contrasted to the neuter noun is the masculine noun "brahmán", whose nominative singular form is ' . This noun is used to refer to a person, and as the proper name of a deity ' it is the subject matter of the present article.
Variations of the god's name include the following:
Origin.
According to Shri Madha Bhagawata Mahapurana, Brahmā was born through Vishnu's navel, Vishnu is the main source of whatsoever exists in the world; that is created by him of a part of his own body materials in this universe,;later he was wondered about the establishment of Mankind in the planet, hence t first he has created a lotus from his navel and from lotus Brahmā origin.
According to the Purāņas, Brahmā is self-born in the lotus flower. Another legend says that Brahmā was born in water, or from a seed that later became the golden egg. From this golden egg, Brahmā, the creator was born, as "Hiranyagarbha". The remaining materials of this golden egg expanded into the Brahmānḍa or Universe. Being born in water, Brahmā is also called as "Kanja" (born in water). There is a story for Sharsa brahma hence the concept of multiple universe as every Brahmā creates his Bhramand (universe) for one Brahmā year.
Creations.
At the beginning of the process of creation, Brahmā creates the four Kumāras or the Caturṣaņa. However, they refuse his order to procreate and instead devote themselves to God and celibacy.
He then proceeds to create from his mind ten sons or Prajāpatis (used in another sense), who are believed to be the fathers of the human race. But since all these sons were born out of his mind rather than body, they are called "Mānas Putras" or mind-sons or spirits. The Manusmŗti and Bhāgavat Purāņa enumerate them as:
Brahmā had ten sons and one daughter (Named Shatrupa- one who can take hundred forms) born from various parts of his body:
Within Vedic and Purāņic scripture Brahmā is described as only occasionally interfering in the affairs of the other devas (gods), and even more rarely in mortal affairs. He did force Soma to give Tara back to her husband, Bŗhaspati. Among the offspring from his body are Dharma and Adharma, Krodha, Lobha, and others.
Attributes.
Appearance.
He is clad in red clothes. Brahmā is traditionally depicted with four heads, four faces, and four arms. With each head, He continually recites one of the four Vedas. He is often depicted with a white beard (especially in North India), indicating the nearly eternal nature of his existence. Unlike most other Hindu gods, Brahmā holds no weapons. One of his hands holds a scepter. Another of his hands holds a book. Brahmā also holds a string of prayer beads called the 'akṣamālā' (literally "garland of eyes"), which He uses to keep track of the Universe's time. He is also shown holding the Vedas.
There are many other stories in the Purāņas about the gradual decrease in Lord Brahmā's importance. Followers of Hinduism believe that Humans cannot afford to lose the blessings of Brahmā and Sarasvati, without whom the populace would lack creativity, knowledge to solve mankind's woes.
There is a story of a fifth head. This head came when Shatrupa started flying away from him upwards and the head came on top of the four heads - symbolizing lust and ego. the head was decapitated by Shiva returning Brahmā to his four head avatar which gave birth to the Vedas. The fifth head stayed with Shiva hence Shiva got the name Kapali.
symbols
The Four Faces – The four Vedas (Ṛig, Sāma, Yajur and Atharva).
The Four Hands – Brahmā's four arms represent the four cardinal directions: east, south, west, and north.
The back right hand represents mind, the back left hand represents intellect, the front right hand is ego, and the front left hand is self-confidence.
The Prayer beads – Symbolize the substances used in the process of creation.
The Book – The book symbolizes knowledge.
The Gold – Gold symbolizes activity; the golden face of Brahmā indicates that He is actively involved in the process of creating the Universe.
The Swan – The swan is the symbol of grace and discernment. Brahmā uses the swan as his vāhana, or his carrier or vehicle.
The Crown – Lord Brahmā's crown indicates His supreme authority.
The Lotus – The lotus symbolizes nature and the living essence of all things and beings in the Universe.
The Beard – Brahmā's black or white beard denotes wisdom and the eternal process of creation.
Vehicle.
Brahmā's vehicle or "vāhana" is the hansa, a swan or a goose.
Temples.
Though almost all Hindu religious rites involve prayer to Brahmā, very few temples are dedicated to His worship. Among the most prominent is the Brahmā temple at Pushkar. Once a year, on Kartik Poornima, the full moon night of the Hindu lunar month of Kartik (October – November), a religious festival is held in Brahmā's honour. Thousands of pilgrims come to bathe in the holy Pushkar Lake adjacent to the temple.
Temples to Brahmā also exist in Thirunavaya in Kerala; in the temple town of Kumbakonam in the Thanjavur District of Tamil Nadu; in Kodumudi in Tamil Nadu; in Asotra village in Balotra taluka of Rajasthan's Barmer district which is known as "Kheteshwar Brahmadham Tirtha". In the coastal state of Goa, a shrine belonging to 5th century AD, in the small and remote village of Carambolim in the Sattari Taluka in the northeast region of the state is found. Regular pujas are held for Lord Brahmā at the temple in Thirunavaya, and during Navrathris, this temple comes to life with multi-varied festivities. There is also a shrine for Brahmā within the Brahmapureeswarar Temple in Thirukkadaiyur, and a famous murti of Brahmā exists at Mangalwedha, 52 km from the Solapur district of Maharashtra. Statues of Brahmā may be found in Khedbrahma, Gujarat, and in Sopara near Mumbai. There is a temple dedicated to Lord Brahmā in the temple town of Sri Kalahasti near Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh. The Trimurti temple and the temple dedicated to Lord Brahma accompanied by Lord Ganesh, located outside Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple, in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, is also famous. The largest and most famous shrine to Lord Brahmā may be found in Cambodia's Angkor Wat. 7 feet height of Chatrumukha(Four Faces
) BRAHMA temple at Bangalore(Karnataka, India).
In Java, Indonesia, the 9th century Prambanan Trimurti temple mainly is dedicated to Śiva, however Brahmā and Viṣņu also venerated in separate large shrines inside the temple compound, a single large shrine dedicated to Brahmā on southern side of Śiva temple. There is a statue of Brahmā at the Erawan Shrine in Bangkok. The golden dome of the Government House of Thailand also contains a statue of Phra Phrom (Thai representation of Brahmā).
Temples devoted to Brahmā.
Today, India has very few temples dedicated to Brahmā.
Satyaloka – abode of Brahmā.
Satyaloka is by 120,000,000 yojanas above Tapoloka. Thus the distance from the Sun to Satyaloka is 233,800,000 yojanas, or 1,870,400,000 miles. The Vaikuṇṭha planets begin 26,200,000 yojanas (209,600,000 miles) above Satyaloka.
"In the Padma Purāņam it has been definitely stated that on the four sides of the spiritual sky there are four different transcendental abodes occupied by Vāsudeva, Sankarṣaņa, Pradyumna and Aniruddha respectively. So also in the material sky also they are similarly placed on all the four sides. The Vaikuṇṭha sphere which is covered with spiritual water is inhabited by Vāsudeva and this Vaikuṇṭha is known as Devavatipur. Above the "Satyaloka" there is "Viṣņuloka" where Sankarṣaņa resides. In the middle of the Ocean of Milk there is an island called Śvetadvipa which is resided in by Aniruddha lying on the bed of Ananta."(Caitanya-caritamrta, Adi-lila, Chapter 5 )
Duration of day of Brahmā.
"Lord Brahmā's day & night, each consists of his 14 hours or 4.32 billion human years. "Brahma has four heads" (Śrīmad Bhāgavatam 12.8.2–5).
Brahmā sampradāya.
Brahmā has his own sampradāya. Brahmā appeared on a lotus flower which sprouted from the navel of Garbhodakṣāyi Viṣņu. After meditation Brahmā created 14 planetary systems and many living beings came there in 8400000 kinds of material bodies according to their past desires. Brahmā received Vedas from Om, and this Brahmā-sampradāya is transmitting knowledge from Om Himself to Earth. As our Brahmā is devotee of Om just like other Brahmās in other material universes, we have this Brahmā sampradāya.

</doc>
<doc id="20646914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646914" title="Robert Ian Winstin">
Robert Ian Winstin

Robert Ian Winstin (1959–2010) was a composer, conductor and pianist.
His "Taliban Dances" - 'Concerto for Violin & Orchestra' was labelled a "masterpiece" by the American Record Guide. His “Spirituals for Violin & Orchestra” were premiered at Carnegie Hall.
Winstin was born in Chicago.
His recordings of his own works included his "September 11, 2001 - 9:05am," "Taliban Dances," "Oedipus Requiem," and his film score to the re-released 1904 classic "Le Voyage Dans La Lune".
His music has been performed throughout the world by such ensembles as the Rochester Philharmonic, the Toronto Philharmonia, the American Symphonietta, the National Symphony Orchestra of Ukraine, the Galesburg Symphony, the Czech Philharmonic, the Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Kiev Philharmonic.
Winstin had been the Music Director & Principal Conductor of the Millennium Symphony, Composer in Residence of the Kiev Philharmonic, Music Director & Principal Conductor of the American Symphonietta, and Principal Guest Conductor of the Kiev Philharmonic.
Winstin also conducted the Virginia Youth Symphonic Orchestra, in Portsmouth, Virginia.
As a conductor, Winstin recorded over 50 recordings of the music of living composers, and was the Music Director for the recording series "Masterworks of the New Era". He was a Chairman of the Mayor’s Arts Commission (IL), and a President of the Foundation for New Music.
Winstin died in Virginia of a massive stroke on Saturday, June 26, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20646924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646924" title="Karl Andersson i Eliantorp">
Karl Andersson i Eliantorp


</doc>
<doc id="20646925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646925" title="Mr F. is Mr F.">
Mr F. is Mr F.

"Mr F. is Mr F." is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard. It first appeared in the August 1961 edition of "Science Fantasy" (Volume 16, Number 48) and later in "The Disaster Area" (1967), and then in the larger "" anthology (2006).
Plot summary.
"Mr F. is Mr F." is a bizarre tale concerning Charles Freeman, who, after discovering the fact while checking his health, is undergoing a strange metamorphosis, rapidly de-aging into the body of an increasingly younger child. As he gets younger he starts feeling more and more confident about himself. Although he first believes the condition is some psychosomatic illness, and initially hides his transforming body from his wife, he soon discovers she knows full well about his predicament, denying him escape from the house. It is strongly implied his wife understands it or is responsible for it (after the realisation that his wife's expected baby is in fact him), however it is never truly revealed what the origin of the condition is, so Freeman continues to get younger, becoming more childlike and tired in the process. After a while Freeman reaches the point where he looks like a toddler and eventually disappears into his wife's womb and his life ends at his conception.

</doc>
<doc id="20646936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646936" title="Avista Capital Partners">
Avista Capital Partners

Avista Capital Partners is an American private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies in the energy, healthcare and media sectors.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 2005 when a team of professionals, led by Thompson Dean and Steven Webster, completed a spinoff from Credit Suisse's private equity arm DLJ Merchant Banking Partners to form a new private equity firm. Dean had previously been the co-head of DLJMB.
Avista completed fundraising for its first $2 billion fund in 2007. Avista closed on its second fund with $1.8 billion of commitments, which represents only 60% of its original $3 billion target.
Avista was formed one year after Larry Schloss left DLJ Merchant Banking Partners to found Diamond Castle Holdings, a middle-market focused private equity firm. Unlike Diamond Castle, Avista received support from Credit Suisse for its debut fund.
The spinout of Diamond Castle and Avista from Credit Suisse First Boston came at the same time as the spinouts of private equity groups from other leading investment banks including: JPMorgan Chase (CCMP Capital), Citigroup (Court Square Capital Partners), Deutsche Bank (MidOcean Partners) and Morgan Stanley (Metalmark Capital).
In 2009, one of Avista's media acquisitions, the Minneapolis Star Tribune newspaper, the nation's 15th largest daily paper, fell into Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
In 2011, Avista acquired DataBank Ltd. an enterprise-class manage data center based in Dallas, TX. The company is expected to open a new facility towards the end of 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="20646940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646940" title="List of 500cc/MotoGP Motorcycle World Champions">
List of 500cc/MotoGP Motorcycle World Champions

Grand Prix motorcycle racing is the premier championship of motorcycle road racing, which has been divided into three classes since 1990: 125cc, 250cc and MotoGP. Former classes that have been discontinued include 350cc, 50cc/80cc and Sidecar. The premier class is MotoGP, which was formerly known as the 500cc class. The Grand Prix Road-Racing World Championship was established in 1949 by the sport's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM), and is the oldest motorsport World Championship in existence. The motorcycles used in MotoGP are purpose built for the sport, and are unavailable for purchase by the general public because they cannot be legally ridden on public roads. From the mid-1970s to 2002, the top class of GP racing allowed 500cc with a maximum of four cylinders, regardless of whether the engine was a two-stroke or four-stroke. Rule changes were introduced in 2002, to facilitate the phasing out of two-stroke engines. 
Each season consists of 12 to 18 Grands Prix contested on closed circuits, as opposed to public roads. Points earned in these events count toward the riders' and constructors' world championships. The rider's and constructor's championship are separate championships, but are based on the same point system. The number of points awarded at the end of each race to the top 15 qualifying riders depends on their placement. Points received by each finisher, from first 1st place to 15th place: 25, 20, 16, 13, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Historically, there have been several points systems. Results from all current Grands Prix count towards the championships; in the past, only a certain number of results were counted.
Giacomo Agostini has won the most championships, with eight, including a record seven championshipsin succession from 1966 to 1972. Marc Márquez is the youngest to win the championship; he was 20 years and 266 days old when he won the championship in 2013. Italian riders have won the most championships; six riders have won a total of twenty championships. Riders from Great Britain have won the second most; six riders have won a total of seventeen championships. Riders from the United States have won the third most, as seven riders have won a total of fifteen championships. Leslie Graham won the inaugural championship in 1949. Marc Márquez of the Repsol Honda team is the current champion.
References.
Bibliography
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20646943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646943" title="Itala (disambiguation)">
Itala (disambiguation)

Itala may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20646949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646949" title="Lars Andersson i Hedensbyn">
Lars Andersson i Hedensbyn


</doc>
<doc id="20646968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646968" title="Per Andersson i Koldemo">
Per Andersson i Koldemo


</doc>
<doc id="20646971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646971" title="Waste">
Waste

Waste and wastes are terms for unwanted materials. Examples include municipal solid waste (household trash/refuse), wastewater (such as sewage, which contains bodily wastes, or surface runoff), radioactive waste, and others. The term is often subjective (because waste to one person is not necessarily waste to another) and sometimes objectively inaccurate (for example, to send scrap metals to a landfill is to inaccurately classify them as waste, because they are recyclable). The terms can have various connotations, including pejorative tone (for example, "this spoiled food is nothing but waste now") or a squandering of potential (for example, "growing residential lawns in the desert is a waste of water").
Litter refers to waste disposed of improperly.
Definitions.
United Nations Environment Programme.
According to the Basel Convention,
"'Wastes' are substances or objects, which are disposed of or are intended to be disposed of or are required to be disposed of by the provisions of national law"
United Nations Statistics Division, "Glossary of Environment Statistics".
"Wastes are materials that are not prime products (that is products produced for the market) for which the initial user has no further use in terms of his/her own purposes of production, transformation or consumption, and of which he/she wants to dispose. Wastes may be generated during the extraction of raw materials, the processing of raw materials into intermediate and final products, the consumption of final products, and other human activities. Residuals recycled or reused at the place of generation are excluded."
European Union.
Under the Waste Framework Directive, the European Union defines waste as "an object the holder discards, intends to discard or is required to discard."
Types.
There are many waste types defined by modern systems of waste management, notably including:
Reporting.
There are many issues that surround reporting waste. It is most commonly measured by size or weight, and there is a stark difference between the two. For example, organic waste is much heavier when it is wet, and plastic or glass bottles can have different weights but be the same size. On a global scale it is difficult to report waste because countries have different definitions of waste and what falls into waste categories, as well as different ways of reporting. Based on incomplete reports from its parties, the Basel Convention estimated 338 million tonnes of waste was generated in 2001. For the same year, OECD estimated 4 billion tonnes from its member countries. Despite these inconsistencies, waste reporting is still useful on a small and large scale to determine key causes and locations, and to find ways of preventing, minimizing, recovering, treating, and disposing waste.
Costs.
Environmental costs.
Innappropriately managed waste can attract rodents and insects, which can harbour gastrointestinal parasites, yellow fever, worms, the plague and other conditions for humans, and exposure to hazardous wastes, particularly when they are burned, can cause various other diseases including cancers. Toxic waste materials can contaminate surface water, groundwater, soil, and air which causes more problems for humans, other species, and ecosystems. Waste treatment and disposal produces significant green house gas (GHG) emissions, notably methane, which are contributing significantly to global climate change.
Social costs.
Waste management is a significant environmental justice issue. Many of the environmental burdens cited above are more often borne by marginalized groups, such as racial minorities, women, and residents of developing nations. NIMBY (not in my back yard) is the opposition of residents to a proposal for a new development because it is close to them. However, the need for expansion and siting of waste treatment and disposal facilities is increasing worldwide. There is now a growing market in the transboundary movement of waste, and although most waste that flows between countries goes between developed nations, a significant amount of waste is moved from developed to developing nations.
Economic costs.
The economic costs of managing waste are high, and are often paid for by municipal governments; money can often be saved with more efficiently designed collection routes, modifying vehicles, and with public education. Environmental policies such as pay as you throw can reduce the cost of management and reduce waste quantities. Waste recovery (that is, recycling, reuse) can curb economic costs because it avoids extracting raw materials and often cuts transportation costs. "Economic assessment of municipal waste management systems – case studies using a combination of life cycle assessment (LCA) and life cycle costing (LCC)". The location of waste treatment and disposal facilities often has an impact on property values due to noise, dust, pollution, unsightliness, and negative stigma. The informal waste sector consists mostly of waste pickers who scavenge for metals, glass, plastic, textiles, and other materials and then trade them for a profit. This sector can significantly alter or reduce waste in a particular system, but other negative economic effects come with the disease, poverty, exploitation, and abuse of its workers.
Education and awareness.
Education and awareness in the area of waste and waste management is increasingly important from a global perspective of resource management. The Talloires Declaration is a declaration for sustainability concerned about the unprecedented scale and speed of environmental pollution and degradation, and the depletion of natural resources. Local, regional, and global air pollution; accumulation and distribution of toxic wastes; destruction and depletion of forests, soil, and water; depletion of the ozone layer and emission of "green house" gases threaten the survival of humans and thousands of other living species, the integrity of the earth and its biodiversity, the security of nations, and the heritage of future generations. Several universities have implemented the Talloires Declaration by establishing environmental management and waste management programs, e.g. the waste management universityproject. University and vocational education are promoted by various organizations, e.g. WAMITAB and Chartered Institution of Wastes Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20646975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646975" title="Bernard Qualtrough">
Bernard Qualtrough

Bernard Qualtrough is a fictional British spy appearing in series 7 of the BBC television drama "Spooks" (known as "MI-5" in the United States). The character was played by Richard Johnson.
In series 7, Bernard is in his retirement and is approached by his protégé Harry Pearce about operation "Sugar Horse". This operation recruited sleeper agents in the (then) Soviet Union so they would rise to positions of influence before being activated. Harry is concerned that the operation, which he describes as the most important that MI5 has undertaken, has been compromised.
Bernard suggests Connie James as a likely suspect after dismissing the possibility that Richard Dolby could have betrayed the operation.
Harry arranges for Connie's home to be searched and eventually, after a confrontation with her, discovers a cassette tape from the deceased head of the operation saying that Connie knew nothing of matters that he had discussed with Harry.
Harry accepts this as proof of Connie's innocence but is eventually persuaded by Lucas North that Bernard is a mole. Lucas tells Harry that while imprisoned in Russia, he heard the Russian codename "Pilgrim" used during his interrogation by the FSB, and he has found evidence in the archive that points to Bernard.
Eventually it turns out that both Bernard and Connie were working in concert for the FSB. Although Connie dies at the end of series 7, the fate of her co-conspirator is not made clear.

</doc>
<doc id="20646992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646992" title="Abel Hendy Jones Greenidge">
Abel Hendy Jones Greenidge

Abel Hendy Jones Greenidge (1865  – 1906) was a writer on ancient history and law. He was the second son of the Rev Nathaniel Heath Greenidge, vicar of Boscobel Parish, St Peter and his wife Elizabeth Cragg Kellman, was born on 22 December 1865 at Belle Farm Estate, Barbados. His father was for many years a headmaster of various schools (Parry School, St Michael’s Parochial School and Christ Church Foundation School) and enjoyed a high reputation as a teacher. His brother, Samuel Wilberforce won a Barbados Scholarship in 1882 and went up to St John’s College, Cambridge, was 25th wrangler in the Cambridge mathematical tripos of 1886 and the following year attained second class honours in the Law Tripos. He was McMahon Law Student in 1888 and called to the Bar at Gray’s Inn in 1889 but died in 1890. The Greenidge family trace their ancestry in Barbados to John of Greenwich who left London on 2 May 1635 on the ship "Alexander". Within one generation the etymon, meaning "Green Port" or "Trading Place" (cf Norwich, Harwich and Ipswich in England) of the surname had assumed the distinctly West Indian orthographic format of Greenidge, while maintaining a very similar phenomic identity.
Early life.
Abel Hendy Jones was educated at Harrison College, Barbados, winning in 1884 the Barbados Scholarship (first established when Abel and his brother Samuel were at school, providing £175 per annum for four consecutive years) and in the same year (15 October) matriculating at Balliol College, Oxford. Elected to an exhibition the following year, he was placed in the first class, both in Classical Moderations in 1886 and in the final classical school in 1888. He graduated BA in the same year and proceeded MA in 1891 and D. Litt in 1904. On 5 Dec 1889 he was elected, after examination, fellow of Hertford College. There he became a lecturer in 1892 and tutor in 1902 and he retained these offices until his death in 1906. He was also lecturer in ancient history at Brasenose College from 1892 to 1905. He vacated his fellowship at Hertford on his marriage in 1895 and on 29 June 1905 was elected to an official fellowship at St John’s College. He examined in the final classical school in 1895-6-7-8. He died suddenly at his residence in Oxford of an affection of the heart on 11 March 1906 and was buried in Holywell Cemetery Oxford.
Family affairs.
Abel Hendy Jones was married on 29 June 1895 to Edith Elizabeth, youngest daughter of William Lucy of Headington, Oxford, who owned the Lucy Ironworks, previously known as the Eagle Ironworks, in that town and they had two sons, John Waterman and Terence Lucy. It was Terence who introduced Evelyn Waugh to the Hypocrites Club while they were at Oxford University together and between John, Terence and Waugh, they staged the "Scarlet Woman, An Ecclesiastical Melodrama",[http://www.abbotshill.freeserve.co.uk/EWN3-2rtf.rtf] which was an early cinematic production.
On 29 March 1907 a civil pension of £75 was granted to his widow "in consideration of his services to the study of Roman Law and History" but she too died on 9 July 1907, of a lonely heart.
Contributions to scholarship.
In spite of his early death, Abel Hendy Jones was constantly employed in academic teaching and his literary works are noted for their quality and quantity. Shortly after graduating, he contributed many articles to a new edition of "Smith’s Dictionary of Antiquities 1890/1". He had graduated two years earlier, yet his prestige was such that he was invited to contribute to this authoritative work. His first book "Infamia, its place in Roman Public and Private Law" was published at Oxford in 1894. Infamia is the term for loss of civil honour, and Abel made an interesting contribution to the knowledge of Roman legal practice by demonstrating that its legal aspect was quite secondary to its moral and social significance. There followed a "Handbook of Greek Constitutional History" (1896), in which he gave a narrative of the main lines of development of Greek Public Law, "Roman Public Life" (1901) in which he traced the growth of the Roman constitution and showed the political genius of Romans in dealing with all the problems of administration they had to face, and "The Legal Procedure in Cicero’s Time" Oxford (1901), a systematic and historical treatment of civil and criminal procedure, which was the most important of Abel Hendy Jones’ completed works. He also revised Sir William Smith’s History of Rome (1897), (down to the death of Justinian) of the "Student’s Gibbon" (1899). In 1903, in cooperation with Miss A. M. Clay, he produced "Sources of Roman History BC 133-70" (Oxford) designed to prepare the way for a new History of Rome. In 1904, he contributed an historical introduction to the 4th edition of Poste’s "Institutes of Gaius".
In the same year, appeared the first volume of "A History of Rome during the Later Republic and Early Principate" covering the years 133 to 104 B.C. This work was designed to extend to the assession of Vespasian and to fill six volumes, indeed a "magnum opus", but no second volume (which was to end with the first consulship of Pompey and Crassus) was issued. The third volume was intended to be up to the death of Caesar, the fourth was to cover the Civil War and the rule of Augustus, while the fifth and sixth were to deal with the Emperors up to Vespasian. Much of Abel Hendy Jones’s most interesting work is to be found in scattered articles, more particularly in the "Classical Review". His merit as an historian lies in his "accurate accumulation of detail, combined with critical insight and power of exposition which was not unmixed with occasional paradox"."The Dictionary of National Biography", ed. Dr R. W. Lee.
Abel Hendy Jones was without doubt the greatest Classical scholar that the island of Barbados has ever produced, since Latin and Greek are no longer taught on the island, and has done more to give the island and the West Indies a position of honour in the world of scholarship and learning. "The Times" was moved to write a tribute: "His death will be regarded as a great loss to classical scholarship; in his own department of ancient history he was an acknowledged authority, and what he had already given to the world gave further promise of the future." "The Daily Telegraph", not to be outdone, declared that "Abel Greenidge had tapped sources of Roman Law that English scholars did not even know about". It can be said that Abel Greenidge was fully qualified to carry on where the great German scholar Mommsen had left off.

</doc>
<doc id="20646995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646995" title="Consolidated Indemnity and Insurance Company">
Consolidated Indemnity and Insurance Company

Consolidated Indemnity and Insurance Company was a Hartford, Connecticut based firm which became insolvent during the Great Depression. The corporation is important because it employed executives who were formerly directors of significant business concerns of New York City, in the early 1930s and before. Consolidated Indemnity and Insurance Company was organized in October1928 with a capital of $2,500,000 and a surplus of $7,300,000. Among its fifteen directors was Saul Singer, vice-president of the New York Bank of the United States and C. Stanley Mitchell, president of the Central Mercantile Trust Company. Its president was John F. Gilchrist, chairman of the Tate Transit Commission. Gilchrist was a close personal and boyhood friend of Alfred E. Smith. 
The insurance firm opened division offices in Virginia, Kentucky, Maryland, Tennessee, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia
in August 1929.
In July 1931 a suit was initiated by New York State against Consolidated Indemnity to recover $600,000 on a bond guaranteeing the state deposits in the insolvent New York Bank of the United States. Following a decision of the Appellate Division of the Third Department, the trial
proceeded to the New York State Supreme Court in Albany, New York.
The business merged with the Transportation Indemnity Co. of New York in May 1932. Capital of the combined corporations was $800,000.
Liquidation of Consolidated Indemnity was carried out by the New York State Insurance Department in 1934. The business tried unsuccessfully to obtain a loan from the Reconstruction Finance Corporation. At the time of its failure the company possessed a total of $33,231 "free cash" and a debt amounting to $400,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="20647007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647007" title="J. W. McKenzie">
J. W. McKenzie

J. W. McKenzie is a renowned bookseller and publisher specialising in cricket literature. Born in South Africa, he is currently based in England.
His skilful cataloguing has attracted particular attention. "The catalogues, with their succinct descriptions of books, lithographs and cricketana," wrote friend Suresh Menon in 2008, "are a treat. Catalogue-writing (and producing) is an art form, and these show us why. The descriptions are technical, critical and focused. These are treasures of their own."

</doc>
<doc id="20647009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647009" title="The Memory Project">
The Memory Project

The Memory Project is a unique initiative in which art students create portraits for children and teens around the world who have been neglected, orphaned, or disadvantaged. Assuming that children in such situations tend to have few personal keepsakes, one purpose of the portraits is to provide them with special mementos that capture a piece of their childhood. To do this, art students receive photos of children on the Memory Project's waiting list and then work in any medium to create the portraits (drawing, painting, digital art, collage, etc). Next, Memory Project team members deliver the portraits to the children as gifts, and take photos of the children holding the portraits so the art students can see the delivery in action.

</doc>
<doc id="20647019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647019" title="Vladimir E. Zakharov">
Vladimir E. Zakharov

Vladimir Evgen'evich Zakharov () (born August 1, 1939) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician and physicist. He is currently Regents' Professor of mathematics at The University of Arizona and director of the Mathematical Physics Sector at the Lebedev Physical Institute. Zakharov's research interests cover physical aspects of nonlinear wave theory in plasmas, hydrodynamics, oceanology, geophysics, solid state physics, optics, and general relativity.
Zakharov was awarded the Dirac Medal in 2003 for his contributions to the theory of turbulence, with regard to the exact results and the prediction of inverse cascades, and for "putting the theory of wave turbulence on a firm mathematical ground by finding turbulence spectra as exact solutions and solving the stability problem, and in introducing the notion of inverse and dual cascades in wave turbulence."
Vladimir Zakharov is also a poet. He has published several books of poetry in Russia and his works regularly appear in periodicals. A collection of his poetry in an English translation "The Paradise for Clouds" was published in the UK in 2009.
Biography.
Vladimir Zakharov was born in Kazan, Russian SFSR in 1939, to Evgeniy and Elena Zakharov, an engineer and a schoolteacher. He studied at the Moscow Power Engineering Institute and at the Novosibirsk State University, where he received his specialist degree in physics in 1963 and his Candidate of Sciences degree in 1966, studying under Roald Sagdeev.
Academic career.
After completing his Candidate of Science degree, Zakharov worked as a researcher at the Budker Institute of Nuclear Physics in Novosibirsk, where in 1971 he completed his Doctor of Sciences degree. In 1974, Zakharov moved to the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics in Chernogolovka, where he eventually became director. He was elected as a corresponding member of the
Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union in 1984 and as a full member in 1991. In 1992, Zakharov became a professor of mathematics at the University of Arizona, and in 2004 he became the director of the Mathematical Physics Sector at the Lebedev Physical Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20647020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647020" title="IC 1059">
IC 1059

IC 1059 is a galaxy in the constellation Libra. It was discovered in 1893 by Stephane Javelle.

</doc>
<doc id="20647025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647025" title="Mangtanwala">
Mangtanwala

Mangtanwala is a town of Nankana Sahib District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°22'20N 73°50'40E with an altitude of 190 metres (626 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20647045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647045" title="Cornulitida">
Cornulitida

Cornulitida is an extinct order of encrusting animals from the Tentaculita class, which were common across the globe in the Ordovician to Devonian oceans, and survived until the Carboniferous.
The organisms had shells, and were subject to predation by boring and other means from the Ordovician onwards. Many survived attacks by predators.
Their affinity is unknown; they have been placed in many phyla, and have been considered worms, corals, molluscs and more. They appear to be closely related to other taxa of uncertain affinity, including the microconchids, trypanoporids and tentaculitids.

</doc>
<doc id="20647046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647046" title="NGC 5750">
NGC 5750

NGC 5750 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Virgo.

</doc>
