<doc id="20596557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596557" title="Watermelon">
Watermelon

Watermelon ("Citrullus lanatus" (Thunb.), family Cucurbitaceae) is a vine-like (scrambler and trailer) flowering plant originally from southern Africa. Its fruit, which is also called "watermelon", is a special kind referred to by botanists as a pepo, a berry which has a thick rind (exocarp) and fleshy center (mesocarp and endocarp). Pepos are derived from an inferior ovary, and are characteristic of the Cucurbitaceae. The watermelon fruit, loosely considered a type of melon – although not in the genus "Cucumis" – has a smooth exterior rind (usually green with dark green stripes or yellow spots) and a juicy, sweet interior flesh (usually deep red to pink, but sometimes orange, yellow, or white).
History.
Watermelon is thought to have originated in southern Africa, where it is found growing wild. It reaches maximum genetic diversity there, with sweet, bland and bitter forms. In the 19th century, Alphonse de Candolle claimed the watermelon was indigenous to tropical Africa. Though "Citrullus colocynthis" is often considered to be a wild ancestor of watermelon and is now found native in north and west Africa, it has been suggested on the basis of chloroplast DNA investigations that the cultivated and wild watermelon diverged independently from a common ancestor, possibly "C. ecirrhosus" from Namibia.
Evidence of its cultivation in the Nile Valley was found from the second millennium BC. Watermelon seeds have been found at Twelfth Dynasty sites and in the tomb of Pharaoh Tutankhamun. Watermelon is also mentioned in the Bible as a food eaten by the ancient Israelites while they were in bondage in Egypt.
By the 10th century, watermelons were being cultivated in China, which is today the world's single largest watermelon producer. By the 13th century, Moorish invaders had introduced the fruit to Europe; according to John Mariani's "Dictionary of American Food and Drink", "watermelon" made its first appearance in an English dictionary in 1615.
Watermelons were grown by Native Americans in the 16th century. Early French explorers found the fruit being cultivated in the Mississippi Valley. Many sources list the watermelon as being introduced in Massachusetts as early as 1629. Southern food historian John Egerton has said he believes African slaves helped introduce the watermelon to the United States. Texas Agricultural Extension horticulturalist Jerry Parsons lists African slaves and European colonists as having distributed watermelons to many areas of the world. Parsons also mentions the crop being farmed by Native Americans in Florida (by 1664) and the Colorado River area (by 1799). Other early watermelon sightings include the Midwestern states (1673), Connecticut (1747) and the Illiana region (1822).
Charles Fredric Andrus, a horticulturist at the USDA Vegetable Breeding Laboratory in Charleston, South Carolina, set out to produce a disease-resistant and wilt-resistant watermelon. The result, in 1954, was "that gray melon from Charleston". Its oblong shape and hard rind made it easy to stack and ship. Its adaptability meant it could be grown over a wide geographical area. It produced high yields and was resistant to the most serious watermelon diseases: anthracnose and fusarium wilt.
Today, farmers in approximately 44 states in the US grow watermelon commercially, and almost all these varieties have some 'Charleston Gray' in their lineage. Georgia, Florida, Texas, California and Arizona are the US's largest watermelon producers. This now-common watermelon is often large enough that groceries often sell half or quarter melons. Some smaller, spherical varieties of watermelon, both red- and yellow-fleshed, are sometimes called "icebox melons".
Culture.
For commercial plantings, one beehive per acre (4,000 m2 per hive) is the minimum recommendation by the US Department of Agriculture for pollination of conventional, seeded varieties. Because seedless hybrids have sterile pollen, pollinizer rows of varieties with viable pollen must also be planted. Since the supply of viable pollen is reduced and pollination is much more critical in producing the seedless variety, the recommended number of hives per acre, or pollinator density, increases to three hives per acre (1,300 m2 per hive). Watermelons have a longer growing period than other garden plants and can often take up to 85 days of growing to mature.
Nutrition.
A watermelon contains about 6% sugar and 91% water by weight. As with many other fruits, it is a source of vitamin C.
The amino-acid citrulline was first extracted from watermelon and analyzed. Watermelons contain a significant amount of citrulline and after consumption of several kilograms, an elevated concentration is measured in the blood plasma; this could be mistaken for citrullinaemia or other urea cycle disorders.
Watermelon rinds, usually a light green or white color, are also edible and contain many hidden nutrients, but most people avoid eating them due to their unappealing flavor. They are sometimes used as a vegetable. In China, they are stir-fried, stewed or more often pickled. When stir-fried, the skin and fruit is removed, and the rind is cooked with olive oil, garlic, chili peppers, scallions, sugar and rum. Pickled watermelon rind is also commonly consumed in the Southern US. Watermelon juice can be made into wine.
Watermelon is mildly diuretic and contains large amounts of carotenoids. Watermelon with red flesh is a significant source of lycopene. Preliminary research indicates the consumption of watermelon may have antihypertensive effects.
Varieties.
The more than 1200 varieties of watermelon range in weight from less than one to more than 200 pounds; the flesh can be red, orange, yellow or white.
In Japan, farmers of the Zentsuji region found a way to grow cubic watermelons, by growing the fruits in glass boxes and letting them naturally assume the shape of the receptacle. The cubic shape was originally designed to make the melons easier to stack and store, but the cubic watermelons are often more than double the price of normal ones, and much of their appeal to consumers is in their novelty. Pyramid-shaped watermelons have also been developed and any polyhedral shape may potentially also be used.

</doc>
<doc id="20596579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596579" title="William Rosenwald">
William Rosenwald

William Rosenwald (August 19, 1903 - October 31, 1996) was an American businessman and philanthropist whose American Securities Corporation invested in other business including AMETEK and Western Union International. He was a philanthropist who helped establish the nationwide United Jewish Appeal in 1939 and made other charitable grants through the William Rosenwald Family Fund. His father was Julius Rosenwald, the former chairman of Sears, Roebuck and Company and a leading philanthropist whose Rosenwald Fund built 5,000 schools for black children in the South a few decades after the Civil War.
William Rosenwald was born in Wilmette, Illinois in 1903 to Julius Rosenwald and the former Augusta Nusbaum. He attended the MIT Sloan School of Management, where he earned a bachelor of science degree in 1924. Rosenwald also attended Harvard University for a year as well as the London School of Economics. He was employed by Sears, Roebuck starting in 1928, and was a director of the firm from 1934 to 1938.
He organized a family effort in the mid-1930s to provide assistance to relatives in Europe affected by the rise of Nazi Germany. By 1948 over 300 individuals had been brought to the United States and provided with work and places to live. An additional 300 family members in Europe were also provided for. In a 1935 interview, Rosenwald stated that "There is the thought in my mind -- and that I would like to get across to the Jews of America -- that to the extent that the Jews as a whole help their suffering brethren, we will fortify the Jews of all countries against anti-Semitic onslaughts." He organized the National Refugee Service (later a part of the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society) in 1939, to help resettle refugees.
In 1938, Rosenwald married Mary Kurtz, his second wife, with whom he had three daughters. Kurtz died in 1985. 
In January 1939, Rosenwald's National Coordinating Committee Fund joined with Rabbi Jonah Wise of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver of the United Palestine Appeal, to form the United Jewish Appeal for Refugees and Overseas Needs. The founders emphasized that the funds needed to support Jews in Europe and Palestine would be triple to quadruple the amount raised in the previous year. While the organizations would raise funds together, the Joint Distribution Committee would assist Jews in Europe, the United Palestine Appeal would aid the Jewish community in Palestine, including refugees from Europe arriving there and the National Coordinating Committee Fund would assist refugees arriving in the United States. From 1942 to 1946, Rosenwald was one of the UJA's three national chairmen, leading the first campaign to raise more than $100 million, and led campaigns again from 1955 to 1957.
In 1974, Rosenwald oversaw the merger of the UJA with the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies and was named as the first president of the combined organization.
Rosenwald served on the board of the Tuskegee Institute for 40 years and was a longtime board member of the New York Philharmonic. He served on the executive committee of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee for five decades and was an active leader of the American Jewish Committee and the Council of Jewish Federations, among many other organizations.
Rosenwald died at age 93 on October 31, 1996 at his apartment on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Rosenwald was survived by his three daughters, Nina Rosenwald being one of them, and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20596593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596593" title="CD Unión Criptanense">
CD Unión Criptanense

Club Deportivo Unión Criptanense–Tierra de Gigantes is a Spanish football team based in Campo de Criptana, Ciudad Real in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. The first club was founded in 1925 and disappeared in the '40s. The current club was founded in 1951. its plays in 1ª Autonómica Preferente. Criptanense's stadium is Estadio "Agustín de la Fuente" with capacity of 2,500 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20596595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596595" title="¿Quién quiere ser millonario?">
¿Quién quiere ser millonario?

¿Quién quiere ser millonario? is the title of several "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" franchise game shows in Spanish-speaking countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20596598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596598" title="Georg Treu">
Georg Treu

Georg Treu (17 March (Old Style) / 29 March (New Style) 1843, Saint Petersburg - 5 October 1921, Dresden) was a classical archaeologist and director of the Skulpturensammlung of classical sculpture in the Albertinum in Dresden. He also led the 1875-1881 German excavations at Olympia.

</doc>
<doc id="20596610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596610" title="Taenioconger hassi">
Taenioconger hassi

Taenioconger hassi is a Moray Eel from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 40cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20596612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596612" title="Pomeroy and Newark Railroad">
Pomeroy and Newark Railroad

The Pomeroy and Newark Railroad was a predecessor of the Pennsylvania Railroad in the U.S. states of Delaware and Pennsylvania. It connected Pomeroy, Pennsylvania to Newark, Delaware, and has mostly been abandoned.
History.
The Pomeroy and Newark Railroad was the final step in a series of consolidations and a foreclosure. The earliest predecessors were the Delaware and Pennsylvania Railroad, incorporated February 1857 in Delaware, and the Pennsylvania and Delaware Railroad, incorporated August 1868 in Pennsylvania as the Doe Run and White Clay Creek Railroad, and renamed August 1870. The two companies completed a line from Pomeroy, on the Pennsylvania Railroad's Main Line, south to Newark and southeast to Delaware City on the Delaware Bay, in about 1873, and merged in May of that year to form the Pennsylvania and Delaware Railway. This company's property was sold at foreclosure in August 1879 to two new companies, the Pomeroy and State Line Railroad (incorporated February 1880 in Pennsylvania) and the Newark and Delaware City Railroad (incorporated April 1880 in Delaware). After the former sold the line southeast of Newark to the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad (PW&B), which it crossed at Newark, in 1881, those two companies merged in December as the Pomeroy and Newark Railroad. It became part of the Pennsylvania Railroad system, and in December 1917 the line was sold to the Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington Railroad, Pennsylvania subsidiary and successor to the PW&B.
The last passenger trains ran over the line in September 1928, and abandonment for freight began in 1936. By the mid-1940s, it existed only at Newark and north of Chatham. These segments would remain to the end of Penn Central Transportation in 1976, except for a 1960s truncation from Chatham to Doe Run, but Conrail only acquired the short stub at Newark. It did operate subsidized contract service on between Pomeroy and Buck Run, but this was discontinued in about 1980. Operation of the short piece at Newark, by then owned by Amtrak, went to the Norfolk Southern Railway in the 1999 breakup of Conrail, as did ownership of the line between Newark and Delaware City, sold in 1881. The former has been abandoned and is now a rail trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20596619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596619" title="Cell and Tissue Research">
Cell and Tissue Research

Cell and Tissue Research presents regular articles and reviews in the areas of molecular, cell, stem cell biology and tissue engineering. In particular, the journal provides a forum for publishing data that analyze the supracellular, integrative actions of gene products and their impact on the formation of tissue structure and function. Articles emphasize structure–function relationships as revealed by recombinant molecular technologies. The coordinating editor of the journal is Klaus Unsicker.
Subjects covered in journal.
Areas of research frequently published in "Cell & Tissue Research" include: neurobiology, neuroendocrinology, endocrinology, reproductive biology, skeletal and immune systems, and development.
Editors.
The coordinating editor of the journal is Klaus Unsicker, of the University of Heidelberg. Section editors are K. Unsicker, neurobiology/sense organs/endocrinology; M. Furutani-Seiki, Development/growth/regeneration; W.W. Franke, molecular/cell biology; Andreas Oksche and Horst-Werner Korf, neuroendocrinology; T. Pihlajaniemi, extracellular Extracellular matrix; D. Furst, muscle; Joseph Bonventre, kidney and related subjects; P. Sutovsky, reproductive biology; B. Singh, immunology/hematology; and V. Hartenstein, invertebrates.

</doc>
<doc id="20596626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596626" title="Louisa Bojesen">
Louisa Bojesen

Louisa Bojesen (born 1974 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish-American financial journalist who works for CNBC Europe television in London. She is currently the host of the channel's afternoon programme "European Closing Bell", reporting on European financial markets. In addition, Bojesen reports for CNBC (U.S.), CNBC Asia, NBC and MSNBC. She previously co-anchored "Squawk Box Europe" with Geoff Cutmore and Steve Sedgwick. 
Bojesen studied political science, medicine and philosophy at Loyola University Chicago before working as a trader. She joined CNBC Europe in 2000, initially serving as a Nordic markets reporter in Copenhagen before moving to the channel's London headquarters.
In addition to her long-running duties on "Squawk Box Europe", Bojesen was also formerly the host of CNBC's "Power Lunch Europe" between 2005 and its cancellation in early 2009. From 1999 through 2008, she served as the morning financial reporter for NBC's "Early Today". 
In 2008 she filmed the documentary "Outbound Africa" for CNBC, exploring the impact of the environment and poverty on rural Ghana. Bojesen made a brief appearance as herself in the 2005 BBC TV movie "The Girl in the Café".
Bojesen is regularly seen on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" and "Way Too Early with Willie Geist", providing early snapshots of the various U.S. and overseas markets.
Bojesen has covered such events as the Mobile World Congress and the World Economic Forum's annual Middle East meeting for CNBC. She has hosted the GSM Awards Ceremony in Cannes as well, the Pan European IR Awards in Zurich in October 2006 and was a speaker at the Danish Media Festival in November 2006. She hosted the Pan European IR Awards in Vienna in 2005, as well as the 2006 Nordic IR Awards in Stockholm. She has also given presentations on the Nordic economy at the London Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="20596641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596641" title="ET52 torpedo">
ET52 torpedo

ET52 torpedo is the Chinese development of the Italian Alenia A244-S light ASW acoustic homing torpedo, and is considered by many domestic Chinese sources as Chinese equivalent of the A244-S Mod. 2 version. ET52 is essentially the A244-S torpedo with technologies of US Mk 46 Mod. 2 torpedo incorporated.
China purchased around 40 Italian Alenia A244-S light ASW torpedo in 1987 for evaluation and reverse engineering. At the time, China was in the process of mastering the license production of the US Mk 46 Mod. 2 torpedo according to the deal first signed between China and USA in 1985. The 705th Institute (also known as Xi'an Precision Machinery Research Institute, 西安精密机械研究所) tasked to evaluate and reverse engineering the A244-S torpedo was also responsible for Mk 46 Mod. 2 torpedo program in China, with many of the team members working on both projects. Chinese researchers suggested that since Otto fuel II powered torpedo could cost as much as three times of electrically powered torpedo, the cheaper electrically powered torpedo should be developed also. The suggestion was accepted, and it was decided to that the technologies of both the Mk 46 Mod. 2 torpedo and A244-S torpedo should be applied to each other to enhance their performance, and 705th Institute was put in charge of A244-S torpedo project in addition to the Mk 46 Mod. 2 torpedo project. Although incorporating the best features to each other certainly improved the performance for both torpedoes, the greatest benefit by far was that due to many shared components, production techniques, and other technologies, the logistic support was significantly reduced and the overall cost was also significantly lowered. A derivative of ET52 has been exhibited at various defense exhibitions by China Shipbuilding Co., and this derivative uses Otto fuel instead of battery.
Specifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20596643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596643" title="List of people from Lafayette, Louisiana">
List of people from Lafayette, Louisiana

This is a list of individuals who are or were natives of, or notable as residents of, or in association with the city of Lafayette, Louisiana, USA.
Notable residents.
Natives.
Some of the notable people born in Lafayette:
Residents.
Other notable current and/or former residents of Lafayette: 

</doc>
<doc id="20596672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596672" title="Dascyllus flavicaudus">
Dascyllus flavicaudus

Dascyllus flavicaudus is a Damselfish from the Eastern Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20596675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596675" title="Asha Rani">
Asha Rani

Asha Rani was a member of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India. She was elected from Bijawar District Chhatarpur Madhya Pradesh seat in the 2008 Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly elections. She belongs to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

</doc>
<doc id="20596712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596712" title="Lomariopsis">
Lomariopsis

Lomariopsis is the type genus of the family Lomariopsidaceae of the ferns.
One economically important species exists only as an aquatic gametophyte form, commonly known as süsswassertang. This species is closely allied to "Lomariopsis lineata" but has not yet been named as a species.

</doc>
<doc id="20596726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596726" title="American Buffalo (film)">
American Buffalo (film)

American Buffalo is a 1996 British/American drama film directed by Michael Corrente and starring Dustin Hoffman, Dennis Franz, and Sean Nelson, the only members of the cast. The film is based on David Mamet's 1975 play of the same name.
The film was produced by Gregory Mosher, who was also responsible for directing the theatrical version of "American Buffalo".
Plot.
Donny runs a junk shop in a city's sparsely populated and decaying neighborhood. Teach, who has no visible means of support, spends many hours each day at the shop, as does Bobby, a young man who is eager to please Donny in any way he can.
Teach comes up with a scheme to rob the home of a man whose safe is said to contain rare coins. Bobby is often sent on errands for food or information. Teach's nerves are already on edge when Bobby suddenly returns to say that a third man involved in that night's robbery can't go through with it because he is in the hospital. Donny distrusts what he is hearing and is unable to locate the man in the hospital, whereupon Teach angrily turns on Bobby.
Production.
Al Pacino, who originated the role of Teach on Broadway, was the first choice to play the role in the adaptation; however, Pacino did not respond in a timely fashion so Corrente offered the role to Dustin Hoffman. The film was shot on location in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, Corrente's home town.
Reception.
Stephen Holden called it an "ugly fable of American free enterprise at the bottom of the food chain," adding, "With its staccato, profanity-laced language and metaphorically potent setting, "American Buffalo" folds a stylized parody of American gangster movies into a bleak Samuel Beckett vision that is wide enough to accommodate many interpretations...In filming "American Buffalo", Mr. Corrente has taken as conventionally naturalistic an approach as the play permits, playing down its social metaphors to concentrate on the characters' psychology." Lisa Schwarzbaum gave the film a "B", saying ""American Buffalo" is about nothing less Mametian than commerce, friendship, betrayal, despair, and American hustle. Director Michael Corrente ("Federal Hill") works at getting the story off the stage (it's set in a junk shop) by occasionally moving to an empty, decrepit city street. But mostly he just locks on to Hoffman and Franz."
Roger Ebert gave the film (2½ out of four stars), saying "It is a cliché, but true, that some plays have their real life on the stage. "American Buffalo" is a play like that—or, at least, it is not a play that finds its life in this movie...Because the film never really brings to life its inner secrets, it seems leisurely, and toward the end, it seems long. It doesn't have the energy or the danger of James Foley's film version of Mamet's "Glengarry Glen Ross". The language is all there, and it is a joy, but the irony is missing. Or, more precisely, the irony about the irony."
Two months later, upon the film's UK release, Anne Billson of "The Daily Telegraph" concluded "The film's principal interest lies, as it always does with Mamet, in the hypnotic language; repeat your sentences about 20 times, shuffling the word order, repeat the first name of whomever you're talking to as though it were a mantra, add a judicious sprinkling of obscenities, and you've got the general idea. Franz, of television's "NYPD Blue", is terrific, but Hoffman, performing in "street" mode, complete with long greasy hair, never allows you to forget that he's reciting lines. Eventually the hypnotic repetitiveness of the language and the total lack of action did their work, and the dreaded Sandman, who hovers constantly at the shoulder of all film reviewers, paid me one of his visits."
Soundtrack.
The score was composed and orchestrated by Thomas Newman. In addition to Newman on piano, musicians included Steve Kujala (reeds); George Doering, Bill Bernstein, Rick Cox, (guitars); Harvey Mason (drums); and Mike Fisher (percussion).
It was released by Varèse Sarabande, paired with Newman's work for the unrelated 1994 film "Threesome" (tracks 12-20).

</doc>
<doc id="20596738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596738" title="Operation Atalanta">
Operation Atalanta

Operation Atalanta, also known as European Union Naval Force Somalia (EU-NAVFOR-ATALANTA), is a current military operation undertaken by the European Union Naval Force. It is part of a larger global action by the EU to prevent and combat acts of piracy off the coast of Somalia. The mission launched with a focus on protecting Somalia-bound vessels and shipments belonging to the African Union Mission to Somalia (AMISOM) and the World Food Programme (WFP), as well as select other vulnerable shipments. In addition, Operation Atalanta monitors fishing activity on the regional seaboard. In 2012, the scope of the mission expanded to include Somali coastal territories and internal waters so as to co-ordinate counter-piracy operations with Somalia's Transitional Federal Government (TFG) and regional administrations. On 16 July 2012, the EU also mandated the EUCAP Nestor mission to build up the maritime capacity of regional navies.
Overview.
Operation Atalanta is the first operation to be undertaken by the European Union Naval Force.
Under UNSC mandate, EU NAVFOR - Operation Atalanta conducts:
Operation Atalanta is linked to the Maritime Security Centre – Horn of Africa (MSC-HOA), an initiative established by the European Union Naval Force, with close co-operation from industry, in response to threats to shipping in waters off the Gulf of Aden and the Horn of Africa. The MSC-HOA centre provides 24 hour manned monitoring of vessels transiting through the Gulf of Aden, whilst the provision of an interactive website enables the Centre to communicate the latest anti-piracy guidance to industry and for Shipping Companies and operators to register their movements through the region.
This military operation was launched, in accordance with the EU Council Joint Action 2008/851 and EU Council Decision 2008/918, on 8 December 2008. The operation was in support of Resolutions 1814, 1816 and 1838 which were adopted in 2008 by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC). To follow were a number of other Resolutions with the most recent being Resolution 1976, adopted by the UNSC on 11 April 2011.
Operation Atalanta was scheduled to last for an initial period of twelve months (until 13 December 2009) and was subsequently extended by the Council of the EU until December 2012. In March 2012, it was announced that the Operation Atalanta initiative would be extended until December 2014.
The Operational headquarters is located at Northwood Headquarters in the UK.
Prelude.
The Transitional Federal Government has made some efforts to fight piracy, occasionally allowing foreign naval vessels into Somali territorial waters. Still, such vessels were usually forced to break off when they chased pirates into Somali territorial waters. The government of Puntland has made more progress.
The Transitional Federal Government wrote to the President of the Council asking for international help to fight piracy and armed robbery against ships off the coast of Somalia. In June 2008, the United Nations Security Council unanimously passed Resolution 1816 authorizing nations that have the agreement of the Transitional Federal Government to enter Somali territorial waters to deal with pirates. The measure, which was sponsored by France, the United States and Panama, will last six months. France initially wanted the resolution to include other regions with pirate problems, such as West Africa, but were opposed by Vietnam, Libya and most importantly by veto-holding China, who wanted the sovereignty infringement limited to Somalia.
Operation.
On 2 January 2009, one of the Operation's ships captured eight pirates who were about to board a ship.
On 18 February 2009, it was reported that Switzerland was considering joining the Operation either by direct troop contribution or other means, such as helicopters or funds.
Commodore Antonios Papaioannou from the Hellenic Navy became afloat commander of Task Force, reporting to Rear Admiral Jones in Northwood, in early 2009.
On 14 April, the French frigate "Nivôse" attached to Operation Atalanta captured 11 suspected pirates together with their mother ship and two skiffs in an EU NAVFOR focused operation carried out in the Indian Ocean. The French ship responded to the distress message by the 21,000 tonne Liberia flagged MV "Safmarine Asia" which came under small arms and RPG attack from two skiffs operating to a pirate mother ship. The warship deployed its helicopter which quickly arrived on the scene to deter the hijacking and shadow the mother vessel until the frigate arrived. 
From 15 May 2009, the EU Naval Task Force was joined by two Swedish corvettes, HMS "Stockholm" and HMS "Malmö", and their tender HMS "Trossö". They were transported from Sweden mid-April on the back of a dock ship and arrived in Djibouti three weeks later.
On 26 May 2009, the EU Naval Task Force vessel HMS Malmö responded to a distress call from the European cargo vessel M/V Antonis and apprehended seven suspected pirates. 
From 5 to 7 March 2010, mission forces from France, Italy, Luxembourg, Spain and Sweden were in action, with the French frigate "Nivôse" (F 732) having secured its "biggest seizure" so far in the vital shipping lane, with 35 pirates arrested and four mother ships seized in three days off Somalia.
In May 2010, there were a number of actions in the area. Russian destroyer "Marshal Shaposhnikov" freed the 106,474-ton MV "Moscow University" carrying crude oil from Sudan to China about 350 miles east of Socotra. Two days later, though, Russia’s Defense Ministry said it had proved impossible to establish the pirates’ citizenship or to establish legal grounds for prosecuting, so the pirates were put back on their boat and set free. In another action, the Greek warship the Elli captured a high-speed skiff with seven people aboard 50 miles south of Mukalla. In a third action, Swedish aircraft attached to the EU Naval Force, the French warship Lafayette, and the Dutch warship HNLMS Johan de Witt collaborated in the spotting and capture of a pirate action group composed of a whaler and two skiffs about 400 miles northwest of the Seychelles Islands. And two South Korean vessels were attacked, one escaping and one being held about 4 miles off the coast of Somalia, with a South Korean warship nearby. The report on these actions, citing other news reports, concluded that pirates were holding almost 20 vessels and about 300 crew members then seized.
In December 2010, Estonia became the 26th nation to contribute to Operation Atalanta. Estonia provided a vessel protection detachment, which initially operated onboard German Frigate FGS Hamburg. In January 2011 Lithuania provided an officer to the operational headquarters.
On 15 May 2012, EU naval forces conducted their first raid on pirate bases on the Somalia mainland as part of the operation, saying they 'destroyed several boats'. The forces were transported by helicopter to the pirate bases near the port of Harardhere. The attack was carried out overnight, and, according to the European forces, no local residents were hurt during the mission.
Deployed Units.
Vessels.
The following vessels are part of EU NAVFOR's current fleet in Operation Atalanta, . Operation Atalanta has the task force designator Task Force 465.
Vessels and aircraft in former rotation periods.
The following vessels have, among others, been committed to the Operation . 

</doc>
<doc id="20596747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596747" title="Qian Ping">
Qian Ping

Qian Ping (; born 1964) is a female former world level badminton player from China.
Career.
Qian was among the youngest of an impressive cadre of Chinese players who largely dominated women's international badminton after China joined the International Badminton Federation (now Badminton World Federation) in 1981. She was a member of China's world champion Uber Cup (women's international) teams of 1984 and 1986. Qian won singles at the Denmark (1982 autumn), and German (1985, 1987) Opens, and was a runner-up in several other top tier tournaments on the world circuit, including the All-England Championships in both 1986 and 1987. In the second of these All-England finals, playing Denmark's Kirsten Larsen, she was forced to default after injuring her knee, an event that apparently ended her serious playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="20596748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596748" title="Gustav Hirschfeld">
Gustav Hirschfeld

Gustav Hirschfeld (4 November 1847, Pyritz - 10 April 1895, Wiesbaden) was a German classical archaeologist.
Life.
He studied in Tübingen, Leipzig and Berlin and from 1870 stayed in Greece, Italy and Asia Minor as a stipendary of the German Archaeological Institute. From 1875 to 1877 he led the German excavations at Olympia, for which he was appointed extraordinary professor (1878) then ordinary professor (1880) at the University of Königsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20596792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596792" title="Richard Borrmann">
Richard Borrmann

Richard Borrmann (1852–1931) was a German architect and classical archaeologist. He was involved in the German Archaeological project at Olympia, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20596822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596822" title="Kaplan Law School">
Kaplan Law School

Kaplan Law School is a for-profit educational institution offering post-graduate legal training in London for those wishing to become a solicitor or barrister in England and Wales.
History.
Kaplan Law School was opened by the British arm of Kaplan Inc. in September 2007. It operates in partnership with Nottingham Law School by providing Nottingham's professional legal courses in Central London.
Courses offered.
Kaplan Law School offers the Legal Practice Course, Graduate Diploma in Law and Bar Professional Training Course. In addition, Kaplan allows students from a conversion course background to obtain graduate-LL.B. degrees awarded by Nottingham Trent University (of which Nottingham Law School is a constituent part).
Kaplan Law School is the only institution authorised by the Solicitors Regulation Authority to offer the Qualified Lawyers Transfer Test (QLTT). Passing the QLTT allows non-UK-registered lawyers to practice as solicitors in England and Wales.
Clients.
Kaplan Law School has an exclusive partnership with sixteen leading British and international law firms who send all of their future-trainee solicitors to the School for their legal and professional-legal training. These include:
Location.
Kaplan Law School is situated on the South Bank of the River Thames, close to Southwark Cathedral, Borough Market and the Tate Modern.

</doc>
<doc id="20596837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596837" title="Czerwony Dwór">
Czerwony Dwór

Czerwony Dwór (meaning "red manor") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20596841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596841" title="Otterham">
Otterham

Otterham () is a village and a civil parish in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The village is situated approximately ten miles (16 km) south of Bude and six miles (10 km) north of Camelford.
Otterham Mill, Otterham Down and Otterham Station ("see below") are neighbouring settlements to Otterham village; all take the name from the River Ottery which rises in the parish.
The parish is in the Hundred of Lesnewth and Deanery of Trigg Major. It is in the Registration District of Camelford and belongs to the Boscastle group of Anglican parishes. Otterham parish is bounded to the north by St Gennys, to the east by Warbstow, to the south by Davidstow and to the west by St Juliot. The parish is rural with small hamlets and farmsteads spread fairly evenly across it: the population of the parish in the 2001 census was 228.
The parish church of St Denis at is in Otterham village and has a 40 ft tower housing three bells. The church was built in the Norman period but was altered in 1889 when the north transept was demolished.
Otterham Station.
Otterham Station ( ) is a settlement one mile south-west of Otterham village at . 
Otterham Station is located at the junction of the A39 trunk road and the B3262 minor road. The settlement grew round the site of the former station on the North Cornwall Railway which closed in October 1966.
Hendraburnick Down (1009 ft) is south of Otterham Station and there are a number of Bronze Age barrows (including Tich Barrow) on the Down. The source of the River Camel is also on Hendraburnick Down.

</doc>
<doc id="20596845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596845" title="Tetraphenylborate">
Tetraphenylborate

Tetraphenylborate (IUPAC name: Tetraphenylboranuide) is an organoboron anion consisting of a central boron atom with four phenyl groups. Tetraphenylborate uncouples oxidative phosphorylation.

</doc>
<doc id="20596850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596850" title="United States Senate election in Iowa, 2010">
United States Senate election in Iowa, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Iowa took place on November 2, 2010, alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections in Iowa. The party primary elections were held on June 8, 2010. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley won re-election to a sixth term.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Three Democrats sought the Democratic nomination. Former State Representative and Iowa Department of Transportation official Bob Krause drew attention for implying that Grassley had been in office too long, remarking to supporters in Des Moines: "As a good farmer, Sen. Grassley must recognize that 51 years, or 58 years at the end of his term, is a long time to go without rotating crops." Both Krause and former State Senator Tom Fiegen cited Grassley's support of deregulating the financial services industry as reasons for running. Krause said, "Please remember that Farmer Grassley was one that opened the barn door and let the cow out at AIG," while Fiegen, a bankruptcy lawyer, has made reducing unemployment and tightening regulation of the financial services industry the cornerstones of his campaign.
Former Iowa Democratic Party Chairman Michael Kiernan said that he had recruited trial lawyer Roxanne Conlin to challenge Grassley. Kiernan's virtual endorsement of Conlin prior to her announcement drew the ire of party members, as it is counter to party rules when there is more than one candidate from the party competing in a primary race. Conlin had been criticized for being unwilling to debate her primary opponents, and for being unfamiliar with and unsupportive of her own party's platform.
On health care, Fiegen and Krause supported a public option, while Conlin didn't state a position, which she had been criticized for. Krause and Feigen claimed she supported supply-side economics. She also displayed an unfamiliarity with the Iowa Democratic Party's platform, repeatedly claiming there was no platform for her to support until after the June 12, 2010 convention.
General election.
Campaign.
Incumbent Chuck Grassley started the campaign moderately popular, but his approval ratings dropped somewhat during the campaign. However, the seat continued to be considered to be "Safe Republican" by many sources, with CQ Politics noting that Grassley is "one of Iowa's most durable politicians."
Conlin described herself as a "prairie progressive." She supported the recent landmark case of "Varnum v. Brien", which legalized gay marriage in the state. She also supported repeal of "don't ask, don't tell."
Before the election, former political advisor John Maxwell claimed that Grassley would have his toughest race since his first U.S. Senate election in 1980, where he defeated incumbent John Culver with 53% of the vote. Grassley won all of his four re-election bids with nearly 70% of the vote against unknown opponents. Grassley won the election with 64.51% of the vote.
Debates.
Grassley and Conlin only agreed to one debate. It was on October 26 on Des Moines radio station WHO and Iowa Public Television.

</doc>
<doc id="20596851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596851" title="KFUPM Program of Industrial and Systems Engineering">
KFUPM Program of Industrial and Systems Engineering

The Industrial & Systems Engineering Program offers a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial engineering. With a total of 133 credit hours, the program covers the major areas of industrial engineering, such as operations research, production planning, inventory control, methods engineering, quality control, facility location, manufacturing, and facility layout.
History.
The Industrial & Systems Engineering (ISE) program in the Systems Engineering Department was first introduced in 1984 and has been revised in 1996 based on the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) recommendation after their first visit in 1993. The revision made in 1996 came after when the number of credit hours of the Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) was reduced from 141 to 133 credit hours. The program has received ABET accreditation extension in 2010.
Program Courses.
The ISE program has a total of 50 credit hours on required ISE courses, with the following descriptions:

</doc>
<doc id="20596866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596866" title="List of rivers of Martinique">
List of rivers of Martinique

This is a list of rivers of Martinique. Rivers are listed in clockwise order, starting at the north end of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20596891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596891" title="Emil Kunze">
Emil Kunze

Emil Kunze (18 December 1901 - 13 January 1994) was a German classical archaeologist. The director of the German Archaeological Institute, he resumed excavations at Olympia, Greece after the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20596907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596907" title="Jollo">
Jollo

Jollo was an online translation website where users can instantly translate texts into 23 languages, request human translations from a community of volunteers around the world and compare the correctness of several leading Machine Translation websites. It is currently dead.
System.
Jollo was a free Web 2.0 website that is attempting to redefine the way in which people translate online through the use of existing machine translation websites and a community of volunteers who correct and rate translations. The system relies on a similar methodology as computer-assisted translation to ensure translation quality, and features a public translation memory that records past translations. 
Jollo received some notable media attention. According to The Daily Telegraph. According to the popular blog KillerStartups Jollo combines the best of two worlds - the speed of machine translations plus the benefit of human reviews to ensure translation quality. According to blogger Jeffrey Hill from The English Blog the community features make Jollo an interesting alternative to other online translation services.
Development.
The Jollo website is currently classified as beta. 
Jollo is developed using LAMP and has been praised for its colorful graphics and simple user interface. 
Jollo currently offers a simple web-based API that can be used for translations. 
For example, 
http://www.jollo.com/translate.php?st=I%20love%20you&sl=en&tl=zh, is used to translate the sentence "I love you" from English into Chinese.
Status.
The website is dead as of Jan 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20596915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596915" title="83d Fighter Weapons Squadron">
83d Fighter Weapons Squadron

The 83d Fighter Weapons Squadron is an United States Air Force unit, assigned to the 53rd Weapons Evaluation Group, being stationed at Tyndall AFB, Florida.
Overview.
The 83d Fighter Weapons Squadron is a non-flying unit that conducts the Air Force Air-to-Air Weapon System Evaluation Program. The squadron evaluates the total air-to-air weapons system including aircraft, weapon delivery system, weapon, aircrew, support equipment, technical data and maintenance actions. The squadron hosts 38 air-to-air WSEP deployments annually at Tyndall AFB.
The annual firing of 300 missiles evaluates all Air Force air-to-air missile capabilities for the AIM-120 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile, AIM-7 Sparrow missile, AIM-9 Sidewinder missile and aircraft guns, and also provides live missile training for combat Air Force crews as a secondary objective. Squadron personnel verify weapon system performance, determine reliability, evaluate capability and limitations, identify deficiencies, recommend corrective action, and maintain Combat Air Force-wide data.
The squadron investigates missile envelopes and evaluates capabilities and limitations to determine future firing requirements. They provide liaison support for pre-deployment, employment, and redeployment of Air Combat Command, United States Air Forces Europe, Pacific Air Forces, Air National Guard, U.S. Air Force Reserve and Canadian Forces participating in WSEP, William Tell and WIC missile firing programs.
History.
World War II.
Established in early 1942 as a IV Fighter Command squadron, initially equipped with P-38 Lightnings. After training in California was deployed overseas to the European Theater of Operations (ETO) in England. Was initially assigned to RAF Goxhill for European transition training with the Royal Air Force, then assigned to its operational station at RAF Duxford. Was assigned to VIII Fighter Command for heavy bomber escort duties of B-17 Flying Fortress and B-24 Liberators, engaged in long range strategic bombardment of military and industrial targets in Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany. Engaged in air-to-air combat with Luftwaffe interceptors over France and the Low Countries, the extended range of the P-38 could not extend over Germany. Replaced P-38s with P-47 Thunderbolts in mid-1943; later with P-51D Mustangs in 1944 which enabled the squadron to fly escort missions deep into Germany and also engage in fighter sweeps over enemy airfields, bridges, railroads, road transport and other targets of opportunity. Continued combat operations until the German Capitulation in May 1945.
Demobilized in England during the summer of 1945; returned to the United States and was inactivated largely as a paper unit, October 1945. Was reactivated by the United States Air Forces in Europe in 1946 as an occupation unit at Army Air Force Station Strubing, Germany in 1946-1947.
Air Defense Command.
The 83d was transferred from USAFE to Air Defense Command in June 1947, being stationed at Mitchell Field, New York. Prior to being equipped it was transferred to Hamilton AFB, California where it received F-51D Mustangs and F-84B Thunderjets. In the fall of 1950 it was upgraded to F-84Ds and in August 1951 it transitioned into F-89B Scorpions. In July 1952 the squadron moved to Paine Field, Washington and received F-86D Sabres. In August 1955 the 83d FIS designation was transferred back to Hamilton AFB to another F-86D squadron, and the organization at Paine Field was reassigned. 
In December 1957 the 83d FIS received F-l04A Starfighters to become the first operational F-104 squadron in ADC. In addition, the squadron received the two-seat, dual-control, combat trainer F-104B. The performance of the F-104B was almost identical to that of the F-104A, but the lower internal fuel capacity reduced its effective range considerably. 
It was found that the F-104A was not very well suited for service as an interceptor. Its low interception range was a problem for North American air defense, and its lack of all-weather capability made it incapable of operating in conjunction with the SAGE (Semi-Automatic Ground Environment) system. 
Service with the F-104s consequently quite brief, and the Starfighters were replaced by more heavily armed all-weather McDonnell F-101B Voodoo in July 1960. The F-101B proved to be a quite successful interceptor. assigned alongside the F-101B interceptor was the F-101F operational and conversion trainer. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable.
On 22 October 1962, before President Kennedy told the nation that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed a portion of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Kingsley Field at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to Hamilton after the crisis. Shortly thereafter, on 1 July 1963, the squadron was inactivated, the aircraft being passed along to other Air Defense Command squadrons. 
It was reactivated at Loring Air Force Base, Maine in July 1971 replacing the 27th FIS which was equipped with F-106 Delta Darts. The 83d FIS was inactivated in June 1972 as part of the draw-down of Air Defense Command.
Reactivated in 1972 as a T-38 Talon Undergraduate Pilot Training squadron at Webb AFB, Texas. Inactivated with the closing of Webb in 1977. Reactivated at Tyndall AFB, Florida as a weapons evaluation squadron in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20596936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596936" title="CANADA!">
CANADA!

The CANADA! Party was an official political party in the province of Quebec from 1994 to 1998. It was founded on Canada Day 1994 by federalist Tony Kondaks, former top-aide to Equality Party leader Robert Libman
Its name was initially called the Canada Party of Quebec/Parti Canada du Québec but due to confusion with the federal Canada Party, changed its name to CANADA! (with all capital letters and an exclamation) and the imminence of a referendum on Quebec's independence, the main platform of the CANADA! Party was to guarantee that any riding that elected one of its candidates would stay in Canada even if Quebec voted in favour of sovereignty in the 1995 referendum.
Kondaks had Devoir (July 29, 1994) "Pierre-F. Côté aux trousses du Parti Canada!"</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20596946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596946" title="Lauren Anne Baldwin">
Lauren Anne Baldwin

Lauren Baldwin is a British actress born in Billinge, England.
Career.
Lauren is currently playing the role of 'Annie' in web series 'Suck & Moan - Vampires vs Zombies' - an official selection at ITVFest (Independent Television Festival) 2010.
In October Lauren begins shooting 'Finders Keepers' playing the lead role of All-American girl 'Gabbi'.
She recently wrapped feature film "The God Complex" in which she plays The Virgin Mary.
Baldwin's first big break came when she appeared in The Beatles music video "Free as a Bird" in 1996. 
Baldwin performed at the 2002 Edinburgh Festival Fringe in a Greek tragedy entitled "Peace". In 2006 Lauren starred as 'Melissa' in the short film 'School Daze' which won Best Drama at the Royal Television Society Awards.
In 2013, Lauren booked her first Major US Network role as Betty in TNT drama "Southland".

</doc>
<doc id="20596952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596952" title="Popnoname">
Popnoname

Popnoname is the artist name of Jens-Uwe Beyer (born 1978 in Fehmarn). He lives in Cologne.
Apart from his regular releases on Kompakt's "Pop Ambient" series, he has had a 
number of 12" releases on Cologne-based labels, including Firm and Italic. 
His debut album "White Album" (Italic) was released in 2007, and got loads of positive reviews from the German and international press.
The last album was "Surrounded by Weather" (Italic) along with two 12" Remix Maxis and a Bonus Ep.
He recently remixed Eurythmics and Brian Eno & Cluster for the German Recordlabel "Grönland".
Concerts.
Jens-Uwe Beyer can already look back on a number of live performances, e.g.: 
Monterrey (Mexico, Aura Club), Thessaloniki (Liebe.!), Porto (Passos Manuell), 
Amsterdam (Paradiso), Vienna (Icke Micke), Moscow (Solyanka, Propaganda), Hamburg (Übel & 
Gefährlich), Berlin (Panorama Bar), New York (Bunker), Cambridge (Middlesex 
Lounge), Tokio (Seco) and London (The End).
Collaborations.
He is member of "Cologne Tape" (Barnt, Crato, Jan Philipp Janzen (Von Spar), Michaela Dippel (Ada), Axel Willner (The Field), Jörg Burger (The Modernist) and John Stanier (Battles) 
and Co-Founder of the Label "Magazine".
Discography.
Popnoname appears on:

</doc>
<doc id="20596955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596955" title="Alfred Mallwitz">
Alfred Mallwitz

Alfred Mallwitz (2 October 1919, Berlin - 17 March 1986, Vaterstetten) was a German architect. From 1953 he was architect to the German Archaeological Institute excavations at Olympia, leading them from 1972 to 1984. From 1978 to 1980 he also led major excavations south-east of Olympia.

</doc>
<doc id="20596967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596967" title="Pearl Pink">
Pearl Pink

The series is licensed for English language release in North America by Tokyopop, which released the series volumes from January 2007 through January 2008. The series was adapted into a drama CD spin-off by Geneon Entertainment.
Plot.
While going to his father's business, high schooler Kanji runs across some bullies robbing an elementary school student. Before he can come to their aid, a blond boy jumps in a beats the bullies up but they escape on Kanji's scooter. The boy gives chase, promising to catch them while Kanji wonders how the boy knows his name. Later, he learns the boy is actually a girl named Tamako, the daughter of his father's talent agency's top talent, idol Shinju Momono. They were actually friends ten years before, but Kanji doesn't appear to remember Tamako though she hasn't forgotten him. Tamako was living with her grandmother until now, as Shinju was only a teenager at the time she became pregnant and wasn't able to support a child. However, if it were revealed that Shinju had been an unwed, teen mother when her "image" was built on being innocent and pure, her career would be ruined so the agency demands that Tamoko's relationship to her be kept a secret and Tamako must go to live with Kanji and his father.
Media.
Manga.
"Pearl Pink" premiered in Japan in "LaLa" magazine's April 24, 2002 issue where it ran monthly until its conclusion in the April 24, 2004 issue. The individual chapters were collected and published in four "tankōbon" volumes by Hakusensha, with the first volume released December 5, 2002. The final volume was released July 5, 2004.
The series is licensed for English language release in North America by Tokyopop, which released the first volume on January 9, 2007. The final volume was released on January 8, 2008.
Drama CD.
A drama CD adaptation was released by Geneon Entertainment on January 23, 2004, containing ten tracks containing original spin-off stories of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20596972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596972" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 5">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 5

The qualification group 5 for the 2010 European Men's Handball Championship includes the national teams of Belarus, Bulgaria, Germany, Israel and Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20596986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20596986" title="Pittsburgh Athletic Club (football)">
Pittsburgh Athletic Club (football)

The Pittsburgh Athletic Club football team, established in 1891, was based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In 1892 the intense competition between two Pittsburgh-area clubs, the Allegheny Athletic Association and the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, led to William (Pudge) Heffelfinger becoming the first known professional football player. Heffelfinger was paid $500 by Allegheny to play in a game against Pittsburgh on November 12, 1892. As a result, Heffelfinger became the first person to be paid to play football. Allegheny would go on to win the game, 4-0, when Heffelfinger picked up a Pittsburgh fumble and ran it 35 yards for a touchdown. In 1893, Pittsburgh again made history when it signed one of its players, probably halfback Grant Dibert, to the first known pro football contract, which covered all of the team's games for the year.
History.
Origins.
In 1891 the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, then called the East End Gymnasium Club, decided to field a football team. Their rivial, the Allegheny Athletic Association, started up a football team in 1890 that brought a lot of publicity to their club. In most sports, Allegheny provided little competition for the older East End Gymnasium Club. However in 1890, Allegheny found that it could compete in football. The team soon gave the Allegheny Athletic Association a strong following, since East End did not field a team. The Association's focus on football increased the prestige of the club, which led to an increase in their membership. Soon Allegheny's membership expanded to more than 330 persons and now equalled East End's.
During the late 1800s, if an athletic club exhibited signs of fame and glory, increased revenues to the club soon followed. Therefore publicity, and football victories, were important to the clubs and new members were attracted to clubs with stature. The quest for club prestige led to the recruiting of football players, at first with indirect financial inducements. The East Ends formed their team around the clubs physical director, William Kirschner, an offensive lineman. During Kirschner's stint with the football team, it was noted in the Pittsburgh newspapers that Kirschner's salary nearly doubled during football season, while his classes he taught at the club were cut in half. The papers at times hinted to Kirschner's suspiciously professional status, although no one accused him outright.
1891.
The East Enders' completed their first season with 7-0 record. Harry Fry, who held memberships at both Allegheny and the East End, chose to play for the East Enders, and his performance in the season opener earned the respect of the local press. After their undefeated season, each member of the East End team was presented with a gold watch in the shape of a miniature football which also served as a trophy. However when play began the East End and Allegheny did not play each other. Efforts were made by local media to schedule a game between the two clubs. However O. D. Thompson, Allegheny's manager, carefully avoided a game. He feared a one-sided loss to Pittsburgh because his team lacked the time needed to practice together that the East End team already had. However a game would occur in 1892.
Issues with professionalism.
The first game between Allegheny and the now renamed Pittsburgh Athletic Club was played on Columbus Day 1892 in East Liberty. The game ended in a tie: 6–6. There were accusations of dirty play and unprofessionalism, that added fuel to an already bitter rivalry. Pittsburgh accused Allegheny of purposely trying to injure Kirschner, who had been forced out of the game with an ankle injury. Meanwhile, Allegheny countered that Kirschner was a professional and should not have been playing anyway. Allegheny even announced it was willing to bet anyone that Pittsburgh had used a pro, other than Kirschner. In fact, the team's captain, Charley Aull, found Pittsburgh a new center prior to the team's game against Allegheny, when he supposedly ran into an old friend on the street known only as "Stayer". A few weeks after the game, it was discovered that "Stayer" was actually A. C. Read, the captain of the Penn State Nittany Lions football team. While no one could prove that Read had been paid, and Pittsburgh had not tried to present him as a member, his presence escalated the situation. Now neither club would hesitate to take the final step to professionalism.
A rematch was scheduled for that November at Recreation Park, which is not far from where Heinz Field stands today. The spot is marked by a historic marker. In preparation, both clubs went into full-scale behind-the-scenes talks with the top players of the era to strengthen their teams. Cash offers and other inducements were made to players from New York City to Chicago.
First professional player.
The first known professional player was William "Pudge" Heffelfinger, an All-American offensive guard from Yale. Heffelfinger was paid $500 (US dollars) to play for Allegheny against Pittsburgh on November 12, 1892. Heffelfinger, who was working as a railroad clerk in Chicago, and playing for Chicago Athletic Association Football team between arguments with its management, had earlier turned down an offer to play for the Pittsburgh Athletic Club for $250. This set off quite a controversy as Pittsburgh protested the presence of Heffelfinger and other Chicago players. Allegheny retaliated with the fact that Pittsburgh had imported players as well. Allegheny won the game 4-0, in front of 3,000 spectators, when Heffelfinger picked up a fumble, that he forced himself, and ran it in for a touchdown.
It later turned out that Heffelfinger received $500 plus $25 in expenses for the game. Two of his Chicago teammates received “liberal” expense money. Thus, William (Pudge) Heffelfinger now is acknowledged as the first professional football player anywhere.
First pro football contract.
In 1893, the Allegheny and Pittsburgh split two games, with the Pittsburgh winning 6-0 at Exposition Park and the Alleghenys winning, 8-4, at in East Liberty. The year was far more significant for several other reasons, however. On October 4, Pittsburgh, represented by George Barbour, signed a player to a formal pro football contract which stated that the player must participate in all Pittsburgh games and will not play for anyone else during those games. In return the player was paid $50 per game by the Pittsburgh club. While contract has been torn at the signature line, it is believed that the first contracted player was Grant Dibert who played halfback and was a member of the Pittsburgh A. C. since 1890.
1894–1898.
Pittsburgh continued to play until 1901. However, the club lost its major rival, Allegheny, in 1896 when the Amateur Athletic Union suspended the Allegheny team for its flagrant violations of amateur rules. After successful seasons in 1896 and 1897, the pro football turmoil had upset Allegheny club so greatly that the sport was dropped. By that time the new Duquesne Country and Athletic Club became the dominating force in Pittsburgh-area football. However the Pittsburgh A. C. also lost ground to the Latrobe Athletic Association, located in neighboring Westmoreland County. In 1898, Pittsburgh put together a roster of local stars to play against Duquesne. However the Pittsburgh A. C. lost the game 34–0. Pittsburgh finally decided the cost of paying football players only to watch them lose to Duquesne was a poor investment for the club's treasury. They quietly disappeared from the Pittsburgh football scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20597006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597006" title="Alexander Duff (British Army officer)">
Alexander Duff (British Army officer)

General Sir Alexander Duff GCH (1777 – 21 March 1853) was a British Army officer of the Napoleonic era.
Duff was a younger brother of James Duff, 4th Earl Fife. In 1793, he was commissioned an ensign in the 66th Regiment of Foot, and served at Gibraltar, in Flanders, in the East Indies in 1798, and under Baird during the invasion of Egypt.
In 1806, Duff commanded the center column in the attack on Buenos Aires. He was appointed colonel of the 37th Regiment of Foot in 1831, was made GCH in 1834, and was promoted general in 1838. From 1848 until his death he was Lord Lieutenant of Elginshire, and was a deputy lieutenant of Banffshire.
Duff married Anne Stein, by whom he had two sons and two daughters, including James Duff, 5th Earl Fife and George Skene Duff.

</doc>
<doc id="20597007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597007" title="Rockin' the Corps">
Rockin' the Corps

Rockin' the Corps is a thank you concert designed to show appreciation to the Marines and sailors returning home from Iraq and to the men and women of the United States Marine Corps.
Reception.
The concert was a great success . The free event was attended by approximately 44,000 active duty military personnel and their families and broadcast by the Armed Forces Radio and Television Network to 880,000 servicemen, servicewomen and civilians at bases world-wide.
Celebrities such as Mary J. Blige, Cindy Crawford, Randy Jackson, Carmen Electra, Alyssa Milano and Sharon Stone and Musicians such as Beyonce with Destiny's Child, KISS, Ted Nugent, Godsmack, Darius Rucker with Hootie & The Blowfish and Ja Rule among many others made appearances and performed in support of the troops.
The show was organized by Support The Corps, a non-profit organization founded by Joseph E. Robert, Jr., CEO of the J.E. Robert Companies and a renowned Washington, D.C.-based businessman and philanthropist. Mr. Robert reached out to legendary media leader Quincy Jones and Kerzner International executive Jerry Inzerillo who brought in highly regarded music and film producer Spencer Proffer and esteemed music manager Doc McGhee to produce the event. The show was shot with 12 cameras in high-definition and was also transmitted to U.S. military bases around the world on the American Forces Network. Proffer was charged with overseeing all the business affairs and cross marketing activities for the event as well.
On Memorial Day 2005, Yahoo! featured excerpts from the event on their site in a salute to U.S. armed forces around the world. The theatrical release of "Rockin' The Corps" premiered June 26 in Washington, D.C., at an event hosted by "Rockin' The Corps" founder Joseph E. Robert, Jr. On Monday, June 27, special screenings were held on 150 screens in 75 top markets throughout the United States at Regal, Edwards and United Artists theatres as part of their Big Screen Concert series through their national Cinemedia division. A one-year broadcast initiative began over the July 4th holiday weekend on the prominent HD Networks, iN Demand, with subsequent television broadcasts, both free and pay-per-view, which continue to interest in this special, ground breaking enterprise for the troops serving America.
Nationally, TV, radio, print and online media covered the event. ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT aired two featured segments. Additionally, Access Hollywood, Extra, E! Entertainment Television and People Magazine gave the event prominent national exposure.
AOL held a Listening Party for CD online. They also featured the DVD & CD at their Military Community page for a thirty day period.
Live Event Title Sponsor was Toyota and the in theater and DVD lead sponsors were Toyota and Waste Management.
Also, the Concert had the following sponsor participants: Bank of America, Bombardier Learjet, Coors Light, FedEx, First NLC Financial Services, Pepsico, The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Wachovia Banks, Waste Management. Additional sponsors include Apex Oil Company, Washington Group International, MGM Mirage, Securitas Security Services USA, Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc., Hooters, National Multi Housing Council, Sprint, Albert L. Lord, The Acker Foundation, Douglas Development, Milledge & Linda Hart, Russ and Norma Ramsey, Randy & Lara Lerner, Wells Fargo, Verizon, Jet Blue Airways, Four Seasons Resort, Outth!nk, and the St. Regis Resort.
Track listing on the commemorative CD.
Additional appearances.
In addition to the headlining bands, Rockin' the Corps featured appearances by Cedric the Entertainer, Ted Nugent, Richie Sambora, Mary J. Blige, Randy Jackson, Chris Tucker, Heather Locklear, Sharon Stone, Carmen Electra, Louie Anderson, Cindy Crawford, Karl Malone, Jay Mohr, the San Diego Chargers cheerleaders, and the Hooters girls. All the performers pledged their support for the troops and thanked them for the work they do.

</doc>
<doc id="20597015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597015" title="Atlético Tarazona">
Atlético Tarazona

Atlético Tarazona was a Spanish football team based in Tarazona de la Mancha, Albacete in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Atlético Tarazona was founded in 1979. Tarazona's stadium is Estadio "Faustino Alvarruiz" with capacity of 3,000 seats.
The club was disbanded after 2010–11 season due to financial difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="20597021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597021" title="List of Slipknot tribute albums">
List of Slipknot tribute albums

This is a guide to music made in tribute of American heavy metal band Slipknot. The first tribute album produced for the band was released on November 16, 2004. Currently the tribute discography for Slipknot consists of four tribute albums and one tribute song.
Albums.
"A Tribute to Slipknot".
"A Tribute To Slipknot" is a tribute album by Various artists and includes covers of tracks from Slipknot's first three studio albums. It was released on November 16, 2004 by Big Eye Records, it was also re-released by Redline Records on June 11, 2007. On August 1, 2008, the album was re-released through Tributized Records with a bonus track, which was a cover of "Psychosocial" from Slipknot's fourth album "All Hope Is Gone".
"Metal Guitar Tribute to Slipknot".
"Metal Guitar Tribute to Slipknot" is a tribute album by Various artists and includes covers of tracks from Slipknot's first three studio albums. It was released on May 9, 2005 by Cherry Red Records.
"The Scorched Earth Orchestra Performs Slipknot".
"The Scorched Earth Orchestra Performs Slipknot" is an orchestral tribute album by The Scorched Earth Orchestra and includes covers of tracks from Slipknot's first three studio albums. It was released on August 12, 2008 by Vitamin Records, the label's website enthuse that The Scorched Earth Orchestra "expand on Slipknot's marching-band-from-hell framework" with "booming percussion, in-your-face horns string sections that rip at your flesh".
"Slipknot Heavy String Tribute".
"Slipknot Heavy String Tribute" is an orchestral tribute album by String Tribute Players and includes covers of tracks from Slipknot's first three studio albums. It was released on August 19, 2008 by Copycats Records, the album is available exclusively as an MP3 download.
Wait and Bleed: The Slipknot Sessions.
"Wait and Bleed: The Slipknot Sessions" is a tribute album by the band The Guitar All-Stars. The album features songs from Slipknot's first three studio albums.
Consumers of "Wait and Bleed: The Slipknot Sessions", generally did not give high ratings for the album. Many costumers referred to it as "terrible", among other negative comments. The overall iTunes "Costumer Rating" was 1.5 out of 5 stars.
All songs performed by The Guitar All-Stars.
Songs.
"Eyeless" cover.
In 2007 British metalcore band Bring Me the Horizon contributed a cover of the track "Eyeless" to Kerrang!'s compilation "". When questioned why they chose to cover the track vocalist Oli Sykes enthused "because it's as heavy as hell", while expressing how much he liked Slipknot. He also explained; "they've got some blistering breakdowns" and that they wanted to make a cover version which was heavier than the original.
"The Heretic Anthem" cover.
American Djent Progressive Metal band Periphery covered the song as a bonus track on their second album "".

</doc>
<doc id="20597028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597028" title="National Scholastic Press Association">
National Scholastic Press Association

The National Scholastic Press Association (NSPA) is a nonprofit organization founded in 1921 for high school and secondary school publications in the United States. The association is membership-based and annually hosts high school journalism conventions across the country. The NSPA is considered to be one of the most prestigious award bodies in high school journalism, comparable to the Pulitzer Prize.
The NSPA scores publications in five areas: Concept & Essentials; Content; Writing and Editing; Photography, Art and Graphics; and Layout. Judges account for differences among literary, feature and specialty magazines and score accordingly. For example, if photography is not included in a literary magazine, the score will not suffer since the artwork and graphics will be evaluated for the score in this section. Marks of Distinction will be given for accomplishments of extraordinary merit.
To receive the highest All-American Award, the magazine must earn at least four Marks of Distinction and 450 points out of a highest point total of 500 points. About five percent of all entries receive the coveted All-American Award.
Other Awards and Contests:
In these categories, there are multiple awards every year:

</doc>
<doc id="20597036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597036" title="Ludovisi Battle sarcophagus">
Ludovisi Battle sarcophagus

The Ludovisi Battle sarcophagus or "Great" Ludovisi sarcophagus is an ancient Roman sarcophagus dating to around 250–260 AD from a tomb near the Porta Tiburtina. It is also known as the Via Tiburtina Sarcophagus, though other sarcophagi have been found there. It is known for its densely populated, anti-classical composition of "writhing and highly emotive" Romans and Goths, and is an example of the battle scenes favored in Roman art during the Crisis of the Third Century. Discovered in 1621 and named for its first modern owner, Ludovico Ludovisi, the sarcophagus is now displayed at the Palazzo Altemps in Rome, part of the National Museum of Rome.
The sarcophagus is a late outlier in a group of about twenty-five late Roman battle sarcophagi, the others all apparently dating to 170-210, made in Rome or in some cases Athens. These derive from Hellenistic monuments from Pergamon in Asia Minor showing Pergamene victories over the Gauls, and were all presumably commissioned for military commanders. The Portonaccio sarcophagus is the best known and most elaborate of the main Antonine group, and shows both considerable similarities to the Great Ludovisi sarcophagus, and a considerable contrast in style and mood.
Description.
The sarcophagus measures 1.53m in height and is made from Proconnesian marble, a medium characterized by dark gray stripes and a medium to coarse grain. It is decorated in a very high relief with many elements of the composition cut completely free of the background. Overlapping figures entirely fill the image space, allowing no room to depict a background. In many battle sarcophagi the side panels show more tranquil scenes, but here the battle continues round both sides. 
The lid of the sarcophagus depicts barbarian children handed over to a Roman general by men presumably their fathers. Children were sometimes taken into Roman custody as pledges of peace, and might be reeducated as Romans. The lid, which was broken in 1945 while on display in Mainz, also shows a bust of a female figure.
The central figure of the tortuous composition on the front is a young Roman military commander on horseback, presumed to represent the deceased. His face is serene, and his arm is extended confidently in a "gesture which is difficult to interpret but seems to be one of farewell". An X-mark on his forehead has been interpreted as the cross received by initiates into the Mithraic mysteries as a sign of the god Mithras' favor. The Mithraic religion was popular among Roman soldiers. The valor "(virtus)" shown by the horseman may represent real-life bravery on the battlefield, but the religious connotation of the X may suggest victory over death, a theme of mounted warriors in funerary art. The horseman probably represents the deceased.
The figure is sometimes identified as the younger son of the emperor Decius, Hostilian, who reigned briefly in the year 251. Decius and his older son, Herennius, whom he had made his co-ruler, were killed in battle against a federation of Scythians under the command of the Gothic king Cniva. They were the first Roman emperors to die in battle at the hands of a foreign enemy. Despite the battle imagery, Hostilian himself died of plague.
The sarcophagus contains many precise depictions of military details such as the "draco" military standard and a detailed mail shirt of the longer length characteristic of the period.
Technique and style.
The undercutting of the deep relief exhibits virtuosic and very time-consuming drill work that conveys chaos and a sense of weary, open-ended victory. It differs from earlier battle scenes on sarcophagi in which more shallowly carved figures are less convoluted and intertwined. Describing it as "the finest of the third-century sarcophagi", art historian Donald Strong says:
The faces are strikingly unclassical, and the technique of deep drilling is particularly obvious in the manes of the horses and the shaggy hair of the barbarians. But the main difference the Portonaccio sarcophagus, a similar 2nd century work is in the symbolism. The barbarians all seem frozen in the moment before disaster and death overwhelm them; their attitudes are highly theatrical but none the less immensely expressive... The main theme is no longer the glorification of military prowess but that of transcending the struggle, presumably conveying the notion of triumph over death ... The ugliness of pain and suffering is stressed by the dishevelled hair, the tormented eyes, the twisted mouth.
Differences in scale between the figures, though present, are far less marked than in the earlier Portonaccio sarcophagus, with the general here only slightly larger than his troops or enemies. Nor is the general seen wearing a helmet or in actual combat, as in the earlier sarcophagi. 
From the time of the reign of the Antonine emperors, Roman art increasingly depicted battles as chaotic, packed, single-plane scenes emphasizing dehumanized barbarians subjected mercilessly to Roman military might, at a time when in fact the Roman Empire was undergoing constant invasions from external threats that led to the fall of the empire in the West. Although armed, the barbarian warriors, usually identified as Goths, are depicted as helpless to defend themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20597043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597043" title="Brown Shoe">
Brown Shoe

Brown Shoe Company is a global footwear company that owns and operates a variety of market-leading footwear brands. Its headquarters is located in Clayton, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis.
Origins.
The company was created in St. Louis and was originally named Bryan, Brown & Company after its founders George Warren Brown and Alvin Bryan. The name was changed to Brown Shoe Company in 1893. In 1925, Brown's widow endowed the George Warren Brown School of Social Work at Washington University in St. Louis.
Business operations.
Brown Shoe Company, Inc. is a $2.3 billion footwear company with worldwide operations. The company operates the 1,100-store Famous Footwear chain. It also operates 300 specialty retail stores in the United States, Canada and China under the Brown Shoe Closet, FX LaSalle and Naturalizer names, as well as Shoes.com, the Company's e-commerce subsidiary. Brown Shoe's wholesale divisions own and market leading footwear brands including Naturalizer, LifeStride, Via Spiga, Sam Edelman, Nickels Soft, Connie and Buster Brown. The company also markets licensed brands including Franco Sarto, Etienne Aigner, Dr. Scholl's, Carlos by Carlos Santana and Fergie Footwear branded footwear for adults in addition to Barbie and Nickelodeon character footwear for children. 
As of February 2011, American Sporting Goods Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Brown Shoe Company. Its brands include Avia, Ryka and Nevados.
Diane M. Sullivan serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Brown Shoe Company. Diane has been president and CEO since May 2011 and will take on the additional role of chairman of the board beginning in 2014. She joined the company as president in 2003 and added chief operating officer to her responsibilities in 2006.
Company mascots.
Since 1904, Brown Shoe Company's mascots have been cartoon characters Buster Brown and his dog Tige. Both appear on the company's television commercials and in the 1940s and 50s became stars of "Buster Brown Comics" when the company made a brief foray into the comic book publishing industry. The books which featured the characters on the cover, but contained different adventure features, such as Robin Hood. The characters were revived with an updated, more contemporary look for a brief advertising campaign in the 1980s and 1990s.
As a small child, Richard Barker played Buster Brown in the Brown Shoe Company advertising campaign. The book "Buster Brown and the Cowboy" details Barker's life in the advertising campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20597046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597046" title="Coggs v Bernard">
Coggs v Bernard

Coggs v Bernard (1703) 2 Ld Raym 909 (also "Coggs v Barnard") is a landmark case both for English property law and contract law, decided by Sir John Holt, Chief Justice of the King's Bench. It sets out the duties owed by a bailee - someone in possession of property owned by another. 
Facts.
William Bernard undertook to carry several barrels of brandy belonging to John Coggs from Brooks Market, Holborn to Water Street, just south of the Strand (about half a mile). Bernard's undertaking was gratuitous; he was not offered compensation for his work. As the brandy was being unloaded at the Water Street cellar, a barrel was staved and 150 gallons were lost.
Coggs brought an action on the case against Bernard, alleging he had undertaken to carry the barrels but had spilled them through his negligence.
Judgment.
Holt CJ at the London Guildhall found that Mr Bernard, the defendant, was negligent in carrying the casks and was therefore liable as a bailee. Holt made clear that Bernard's responsibility to Coggs was not formally contractual in nature, since he received no consideration. Instead, his responsibility rested on the trust that Coggs placed in him to use due care in transporting the casks, and by his tacit acceptance of that trust by taking the casks into his custody. Thus, because Bernard acted negligently when he was under a responsibility to use care, he was held to be in breach of a trust. 
In the course of his judgment, Holt gave this well-known statement of the categories of bailment:
The case overturned the then leading case in the law of bailments, "Southcote's Case" (1601), which held that a general bailee was strictly liable for any damage or loss to the goods in his possession (e.g., even if the goods were stolen from him by force). Under the ruling in "Coggs v Bernard", a general bailee was only liable if he had been negligent. Despite his reappraisal of the standard of liability for general bailees, Holt CJ refused to reconsider the long-standing common law rule that held common carriers strictly liable for any loss or damage to bailed property in their possession. Although admitting that the rule was "hard," Holt CJ justified it by stating:
This is a politik establishment, contrived by the policy of the law, for the safety of all persons, the necessity of whose affairs oblige them to trust these sorts of persons [i.e. carriers, that they may be safe in their ways of dealing: for else these carriers might have an opportunity of undoing all persons that had any dealings with them, by combining with thieves etc; and yet doing it in such a clandestine manner, as would not be possible to be discovered. And this is the reason the law is founded upon that point.
Sir John Powell concurred. He began his decision by saying, echoing Sir Edward Coke's famous dictum, "Let us consider the reason of the case. For nothing is law that is not reason."

</doc>
<doc id="20597056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597056" title="Moshe Milevsky">
Moshe Milevsky

Moshe Milevsky is an Associate Professor in Finance at the Schulich School of Business at York University, Canada. He graduated with a B.A. in Mathematics and Physics from Yeshiva University in 1990 and worked as an actuarial intern at TIAA-CREF in New York. In 1996, he was awarded a Ph.D in Business Finance from York University where he has been teaching since. 
His area of expertise is in mathematical financial economics. He has done extensive research on exotic option pricing, quantitative personal financial planning (focusing on investment strategies for retiring individuals), insurance derivatives, and alternative paradigms for risk quantification and measurement of long-term financial market investment returns.
He is also the Executive Director of the IFID Centre, a non-profit corporation dedicated to generating advanced research at the intersection of wealth management, personal finance, and insurance. For his contributions to the Fields Institute and to the Canadian mathematical community, Moshe was inducted as a Fields Institute Fellow in 2002.
Moshe Milevsky is the author of several books, including the popular "Are You a Stock or a Bond", which helps a person evaluate all the opportunities and risks in a person’s life, and the more advanced "The Calculus of Retirement Income", which summarizes much of the research that Milevsky has done on quantitative personal financial planning.

</doc>
<doc id="20597079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597079" title="Hispania">
Hispania

Hispania was the Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula. Under the Republic, Hispania was divided into two provinces: Hispania Citerior and Hispania Ulterior. During the Principate, Hispania Ulterior was divided into two new provinces, Baetica and Lusitania, while Hispania Citerior was renamed Tarraconensis. Subsequently, the western part of Tarraconensis was split off, first as Hispania Nova, later renamed Callaecia (or Gallaecia, whence modern Galicia). From Diocletian's Tetrarchy (AD 284) onwards, the south of remaining Tarraconensis was again split off as Carthaginensis, and probably then too the Balearic Islands and all the resulting provinces formed one civil diocese under the "vicarius" for the Hispaniae (that is, the Celtic provinces). The name, Hispania, was also used in the period of Visigothic rule. The modern name Spain derives from Hispania.
Name.
The origin of the word "Hispania" is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances, likely to be accidental, and suspect supporting evidence. One theory holds it to be of Punic derivation, from the Phoenician language of colonizing Carthage. Specifically, it may derive from a Punic cognate of Hebrew אי-שפניא (i-shfania) meaning "Island of the Hyrax" or "island of the hare" or "island of the rabbit" (Phoenician-Punic and Hebrew are both Canaanite languages and therefore closely related to each other). Others derive the word from Phoenician span, in the sense of "hidden", and make it indicate "a hidden", that is, "a remote", or "far-distant land".
Another theory, proposed by the etymologist Eric Partridge in his work "Origins", is that it is of Iberian derivation and that it is to be found in the pre-Roman name for Seville, Hispalis, which strongly hints at an ancient name for the country of "*Hispa", an Iberian or Celtic root whose meaning is now lost. Isidore of Sevilla considered Hispania derived from Hispalis. "Hispalis" may alternatively derive from Heliopolis (Greek for "city of the sun"); however, the true origin of the name is Phoenician "Spal" "lowland", according to Manuel Pellicer Catalán, rendering this explanation of "Hispania" dubious. Occasionally Hispania was called Hesperia, "the western land" in Greek, by Roman writers, or "Hesperia ultima", since the name had already been used by the Greeks to indicate the Italian peninsula.
Another theory holds that the name derives from Ezpanna, the Basque word for "border" or "edge", thus meaning the farthest area or place.
During Antiquity and Middle Ages, the literary texts derive the term Hispania from an eponymous hero named Hispan, who is mentioned for the first time in the work of the Roman historian Gnaeus Pompeius Trogus, in the 1st century BC.
Although "Hispania" is the Latin root for the modern name "Spain", substituting "Spanish" for "Hispanicus" or "Hispanic", or "Spain" for "Hispania", though sometimes done by historians in the more general context of a common peninsular history, is anachronistic and can be misleading, since the borders of modern Spain do not coincide with those of the Roman province of Hispania or of the Visigothic Kingdom of the same name which succeeded it, and have always shifted, and so does not even include the territory of present day Portugal. The Latin term "Hispania" was often used during Antiquity and the High Middle Ages as a geographical name for the Iberian Peninsula, but its modern cognates, "Spain" and "Spanish" have become increasingly associated with the Kingdom of Spain alone, after the union of the central peninsular Kingdom of Castile with the eastern peninsular Kingdom of Aragon in the 15th century under the Catholic Monarchs.
Pre-Roman history.
The Iberian peninsula has long been inhabited, first by early hominids such as "Homo erectus", "Homo heidelbergensis" and "Homo antecessor". In the Paleolithic period, the Neanderthals entered Iberia and eventually took refuge from the advancing migrations of modern humans. In the 40th millennium BC, during the Upper Paleolithic and the last ice age, the first large settlement of Europe by modern humans occurred. These were nomadic hunter-gatherers originating on the steppes of Central Asia. When the last Ice Age reached its maximum extent, during the 30th millennium BC, these modern humans took refuge in Southern Europe, namely in Iberia, after retreating through Southern France. In the millennia that followed, the Neanderthals became extinct and local modern human cultures thrived, producing pre-historic art such as that found in L'Arbreda Cave and in the Côa Valley.
In the Mesolithic period, beginning in the 10th millennium BC, the Allerød Oscillation occurred. This was an interstadial deglaciation that lessened the harsh conditions of the Ice Age. The populations sheltered in Iberian Peninsula (descendants of the Cro-Magnon) migrated and recolonized all of Western Europe. In this period one finds the Azilian culture in Southern France and Northern Iberia (to the mouth of the Douro river), as well as the Muge Culture in the Tagus valley.
The Neolithic brought changes to the human landscape of Iberia (from the 5th millennium BC onwards), with the development of agriculture and the beginning of the European Megalith Culture. This spread to most of Europe and had one of its oldest and main centres in the territory of modern Portugal, as well as the Chalcolithic and Beaker cultures.
During the 1st millennium BC, in the Bronze Age, the first wave of migrations into Iberia of speakers of Indo-European languages occurred. These were later (7th and 5th centuries BC) followed by others that can be identified as Celts. Eventually urban cultures developed in southern Iberia, such as Tartessos, influenced by the Phoenician colonization of coastal Mediterranean Iberia, with strong competition from the Greek colonization. These two processes defined Iberia's cultural landscape – Mediterranean towards the southeast and a Continental in the northwest.
Languages.
Latin was the official language of Hispania during the Rome's more than 600 years of rule, and by the empire's end in Hispania around 460 AD, all the original Iberian languages, except the ancestor of modern Basque, were extinct. Even after the fall of Rome and the invasion of the Germanic Visigoths and Suebi, Latin was spoken by nearly all of the population, but in its common form known as Vulgar Latin, and the regional changes which led to the modern Iberian Romance languages had already begun.
Carthaginian Hispania.
After its defeat by the Romans in the First Punic War (264 BC–241 BC), Carthage compensated for its loss of Sicily by rebuilding a commercial empire in Hispania.
The major part of the Punic Wars, fought between the Punic Carthaginians and the Romans, was fought on the Iberian Peninsula. Carthage gave control of the Iberian Peninsula and much of its empire to Rome in 201 BC as part of the peace treaty after its defeat in the Second Punic War, and Rome completed its replacement of Carthage as the dominant power in the Mediterranean area. By then the Romans had adopted the Carthaginian name, romanized first as "Ispania". The term later received an "H", much like what happened with "Hibernia", and was pluralized as "Hispaniae", as had been done with the Three Gauls.
Roman Hispania.
Roman armies invaded Hispania in 218 BC and used it as a training ground for officers and as a proving ground for tactics during campaigns against the Carthaginians, the Iberians, the Lusitanians, the Gallaecians and other Celts. It was not until 19 BC that the Roman emperor Augustus (r. 27 BC–AD 14) was able to complete the conquest (see Cantabrian Wars). Until then, much of Hispania remained autonomous.
Romanization proceeded quickly in some regions where we have references to the togati, and very slowly in others, after the time of Augustus, and Hispania was divided into three separately governed provinces (nine provinces by the 4th century). More importantly, Hispania was for 500 years part of a cosmopolitan world empire bound together by law, language, and the Roman road. But the impact of Hispania in the newcomers was also big. Caesar wrote on the Civil Wars that the soldiers from the Second Legion had become Hispanicized and regarded themselves as "hispanicus".
Some of the peninsula's population were admitted into the Roman aristocratic class and they participated in governing Hispania and the Roman empire, although there was a native aristocracy class who ruled each local tribe. The "latifundia" (sing., "latifundium"), large estates controlled by the aristocracy, were superimposed on the existing Iberian landholding system.
The Romans improved existing cities, such as Lisbon ("Olissipo") and Tarragona ("Tarraco"), established Zaragoza ("Caesaraugusta"), Mérida ("Augusta Emerita"), and Valencia ("Valentia"), and reduced other native cities to mere villages. The peninsula's economy expanded under Roman tutelage. Hispania served as a granary and a major source of metals for the Roman market, and its harbors exported gold, tin, silver, lead, wool, wheat, olive oil, wine, fish, and garum . Agricultural production increased with the introduction of irrigation projects, some of which remain in use today. The Romanized Iberian populations and the Iberian-born descendants of Roman soldiers and colonists had all achieved the status of full Roman citizenship by the end of the 1st century. The emperors Trajan (r. 98–117), Hadrian (r. 117–138), and Marcus Aurelius (r. 161–180) were of Hispanic origin. The Iberian denarii, also called "argentum oscense" by Roman soldiers, circulated until the 1st century BC, after which it was replaced by Roman coins.
Hispania was separated into two provinces (in 197 BC), each ruled by a praetor: "Hispania Citerior" ("Nearer Hispania") and "Hispania Ulterior" ("Farther Hispania"). The long wars of conquest lasted two centuries, and only by the time of Augustus did Rome managed to control Hispania Ulterior. Hispania was divided into three provinces in the 1st century BC.
In the 4th century, Latinius Pacatus Drepanius, a Gallic rhetorician, dedicated part of his work to the depiction of the geography, climate and inhabitants of the peninsula, writing:
With time, the name Hispania was used to describe the collective names of the Iberian Peninsula kingdoms of the Middle Ages, which came to designate all of the Iberian Peninsula plus the Balearic Islands.
The Hispaniae.
During the first stages of Romanization, the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes. The closest one to Rome was called "Citerior" and the more remote one "Ulterior". The frontier between both was a sinuous line which ran from Cartago Nova (now Cartagena) to the Cantabrian Sea.
"Hispania Ulterior" comprised what are now Andalusia, Portugal, Extremadura, León, a great portion of the former Castilla la Vieja, Galicia, Asturias, and the Basque Country.
"Hispania Citerior" comprised the eastern part of former Castilla la Vieja, and what are now Aragon, Valencia, Catalonia, and a major part of former Castilla la Nueva.
In the year BC 27 the general and politician Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa divided Hispania into three parts, namely dividing Hispania Ulterior into Baetica (basically Andalusia) and Lusitania (including Gallaecia and Asturias) and attaching Cantabria and the Basque Country to Hispania Citerior.
The emperor Augustus in that same year returned to make a new division leaving the provinces as follows:
By the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a short time. He split Hispania Citerior again into two parts, creating the new provinces "Provincia Hispania Nova Citerior" and "Asturiae-Calleciae". In the year 238 the unified province "Tarraconensis" or "Hispania Citerior" was re-established.
In the 3rd century, under the Soldier Emperors, Hispania Nova (the northwestern corner of Spain) was split off from Tarraconensis, as a small province but the home of the only permanent legion is Hispania, Legio VII Gemina.
Beginning with Diocletian's Tetrarchy reform in AD 293, the new "dioecesis Hispaniae" became one of the four dioceses—governed by a "vicarius"—of the praetorian prefecture of Gaul (also comprising the provinces of Gaul, Germania and Britannia), after the abolition of the imperial Tetrarchs under the Western Emperor (in Rome itself, later Ravenna). The diocese, with capital at Emerita Augusta (modern Mérida), comprised the five peninsular Iberian provinces (Baetica, Gallaecia and Lusitania, each under a governor styled "consularis"; and Carthaginiensis, Tarraconensis, each under a "praeses"), the Insulae Baleares and the North African province of Mauretania Tingitana.
Christianity was introduced into Hispania in the 1st century and it became popular in the cities in the 2nd century. Little headway was made in the countryside, however, until the late 4th century, by which time Christianity was the official religion of the Roman Empire. Some heretical sects emerged in Hispania, most notably Priscillianism, but overall the local bishops remained subordinate to the Pope. Bishops who had official civil as well as ecclesiastical status in the late empire continued to exercise their authority to maintain order when civil governments broke down there in the 5th century. The Council of Bishops became an important instrument of stability during the ascendancy of the Visigoths.
Rome continued to dominate the area until the collapse of the Empire in the west. The Iberian population turned to the Visigoths, a Germanic people, for protection when Rome could no longer spare legions to guard the territory.
Byzantine reconquest.
A century later, taking advantage of a struggle for the throne between the Visigothic kings Agila and Athanagild, the eastern emperor Justinian I sent an army under the orders of Liberius to take back the peninsula from the Visigoths. This short-lived reconquest covered only a small strip of land along the Mediterranean coast roughly corresponding to the ancient province of Baetica, known as Spania.
Germanic Hispania.
Rome's loss of jurisdiction in Hispania began in 409, when the Germanic Buri, Suevi and Vandals, together with the Sarmatian Alans crossed the Rhine and ravaged Gaul until the Visigoths drove them into Iberia that same year. The Suevi established a kingdom in Gallaecia in what is today modern Galicia and northern Portugal. The Alans' allies, the Hasdingi Vandals, also established a kingdom in another part of Gallaecia. The Alans established a kingdom in Lusitania – modern Alentejo and Algarve, in Portugal. The Silingi Vandals briefly occupied parts of South Iberia.
Because large parts of Hispania were outside his control, the western Roman emperor, Honorius (r. 395–423), commissioned his sister, Galla Placidia, and her husband Athaulf, the Visigothic king, to restore order in the Iberian Peninsula. Honorius gave them the rights to settle in and to govern the area in return for defending it.
The highly romanized Visigoths entered Hispania in 415 and managed to compel the Vandals and Alans to sail for North Africa in 429. In 484 the Visigoths established Toledo as the capital of their monarchy. Successive Visigothic kings ruled Hispania as patricians who held imperial commissions to govern in the name of the Roman emperor. In 585 the Visigoths conquered the Suebic Kingdom of Galicia, thus controlling almost all Hispania.
Under the Visigoths, lay culture was not as highly developed as it had been under the Romans, and the task of maintaining formal education and government shifted decisively to the church because its Roman clergy alone were qualified to manage higher administration. As elsewhere in early medieval Europe, the church in Hispania stood as society's most cohesive institution. The Visigoths are also responsible for the introduction of mainstream Christianity to the Iberian peninsula; the earliest representation of Christ in Spanish religious art can be found in a Visigothic hermitage, Santa Maria de Lara. It also embodied the continuity of Roman order. In addition, Romans continued to run the civil administration and Latin continued to be the language of government and of commerce.
Religion was the most persistent source of friction between the Roman Catholic Romans and their Arian Visigothic overlords, whom the former considered heretical. At times this tension invited open rebellion, and restive factions within the Visigothic aristocracy exploited it to weaken the monarchy. In 589, Recared, a Visigothic ruler, renounced his Arianism before the Council of Bishops at Toledo and accepted Catholicism, thus assuring an alliance between the Visigothic monarchy and the Romans. This alliance would not mark the last time in the history of the peninsula that political unity would be sought through religious unity.
Court ceremonials – from Constantinople – that proclaimed the imperial sovereignty and unity of the Visigothic state were introduced at Toledo. Still, civil war, royal assassinations, and usurpation were commonplace, and warlords and great landholders assumed wide discretionary powers. Bloody family feuds went unchecked. The Visigoths had acquired and cultivated the apparatus of the Roman state but not the ability to make it operate to their advantage. In the absence of a well-defined hereditary system of succession to the throne, rival factions encouraged foreign intervention by the Greeks, the Franks, and finally the Muslims in internal disputes and in royal elections.
According to Isidore of Seville, it is with the Visigothic domination of the zone that the idea of a peninsular unity is sought after, and the phrase "Mother Hispania" is first spoken. Up to that date, "Hispania" designated all of the peninsula's lands. In "Historia Gothorum", the Visigoth Suinthila appears as the first monarch where Hispania is dealt with as a Gothic nation.
The end of Hispania.
The North African Muslims, referred to as Moors, conquered Hispania (اسبانيا, Arabic: Isbānīya) (711–719), and called the area they controlled Al-Andalus (الأندلس). In the chronicles and documents of the High Middle Ages the terms derived from Hispania, "Spania", "España" or "Espanha" continued to be used by the Christians but only in reference to Muslim controlled areas. King Alfonso I of Aragon (1104–1134) says in his documents that "he reigns over Pamplona, Aragon, Sobrarbe y Ribagorza", and that when in 1126 he made an expedition to Málaga he "went to the lands of "España"".
In the last years of the 12th century the whole Iberian Peninsula, Muslim and Christian, became known as "Spain" ("España", "Espanya" or "Espanha") and the denomination "the Five Kingdoms of Spain" became used to refer to the Muslim Kingdom of Granada and the Christian kingdoms of Aragon, Castile, Portugal and Navarre.
The economy of Hispania.
Before the Punic Wars, Hispania was a land with much untapped mineral and agricultural wealth, limited by the primitive subsistence economies of her native peoples outside of a few trading ports along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea. Occupations by the Carthaginians and then by the Romans for her abundant silver deposits developed Hispania into a thriving multifaceted economy. Besides several metals, olives, salted fish, and wines were some of the goods produced in Hispania and traded throughout the Empire.
Sources and references.
Classical sources.
Other classical sources have been accessed second-hand (see references above):

</doc>
<doc id="20597087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597087" title="2009 Canada Cup of Curling">
2009 Canada Cup of Curling

The 2009 Canada Cup of Curling was held March 18-22 at the Farrell Agencies Arena in Yorkton, Saskatchewan.
Qualifiers.
The four qualifying positions in both the men's and women's events were held December 11-15, 2008. The men's qualifier was held at the Saville Sports Centre in Edmonton while the women's qualifier was held at the Ottawa Curling Club and Rideau Curling Club in Ottawa. 
Diversified Transportation Canada Cup Qualifier (Men).
Teams:
John Shea Insurance Canada Cup Qualifier (Women).
Teams:

</doc>
<doc id="20597090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597090" title="Cephalouterina decamptodoni">
Cephalouterina decamptodoni

Cephalouterina decamptodoni is a species of trematode within the family Lecithodendriidae under the order Plagiorchiida. This species is sometimes known to use amphibian hosts.
"C. decamptodoni" has been isolated within the amphibian host Rough-skinned Newt in British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20597110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597110" title="Bageswori">
Bageswori

Bageswori may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597112" title="1917–18 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1917–18 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1917-18 campaign saw Town continuing to play in the wartime football league. Town played in the Midland League and finished in 8th place, as well as 7th place in the Subsidiary Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20597121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597121" title="Wildlife SOS (TV Show)">
Wildlife SOS (TV Show)

Wildlife SOS is a TV show on Animal Planet, based in the UK's Wildlife Aid in Leatherhead, Surrey. The show has been running since 1996 and produced by Simon Cowell's Wild Productions. And can be found on Animal Planet, Channel 5 and DMAX (relative to May 2009). It is run almost completely by volunteers. Whilst Simon (founder of the charity) is often wandering around the British country side, rescuing injured, sick or orphaned wildlife, other volunteers are usually at the hospital treating and raising patients, so they can be ready to be released back into the wild.
Wildlife Aid.
In 1996, following a fire that destroyed one third of the hospital complex, Cowell found his organisation reliant on media attention for its continued survival. Cowell was approached by representatives of the newly formed Animal Planet channel to produce a television series chronicling the drama of life in the wildlife rescue facility. The show experienced long-term success; it has been cited as "the longest-running animal rescue TV series" and continues to broadcast on Animal Planet, and various other channels owned by Discovery Communications. The centre is run by donations from the public and has an annual open day every year.
Wild Productions.
Wild Productions are the Official makers of Wildlife SOS, and have an important role with the filming of Wildlife SOS. Wild Productions are run by Simon Cowell MBE.

</doc>
<doc id="20597125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597125" title="Forshaw Day">
Forshaw Day

Forshaw Day (1831 – 1903) was a Canadian artist known for his landscapes.
Life and work.
Forshaw Day was born in London, England in 1831. He studied architecture and design at the Royal Dublin Society in Dublin, Ireland in 1857. He studied architecture and design at the South Kensington School of Art in London, England. Forshaw Day emigrated to Halifax, Nova Scotia at age 32 in 1862.
Early career.
Forshaw Day opened a studio on Bedford Row in Halifax, Nova Scotia. He painted pictures and taught painting at the Technological Institute in Halifax, Nova Scotia from 1862-1879. He prepared sets for Garrison theatre productions in Halifax, Nova Scotia. In 1876, Day supplied a panorama, "From Paris to London," for a professional theatre company. 
He worked as a draftsman at the in H.M. Naval Yard from 1862-79 in Halifax, Nova Scotia. 
He moved to Kingston, Ontario where he taught freehand drawing and painting at the Royal Military College of Canada from 1879-1897. A number of his paintings are now in the college collection. Day painted in England, Ireland, Switzerland. In Canada, Day painted in the Maritimes, Ontario, British Columbia and the Northwest Territories.
Critical success.
Forshaw Day worked in the late 19th Century, after the Civil War in the United States. Day was elected a member of the Ontario Society of Artists
on August 14, 1879. In 1880, he was one of the founding members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts and his work was included in their group exhibitions.
Final years.
In 1901, members of the Royal Military College of Canada Club raised the Forshaw Day Painting Fund in aid of Prof. Forshaw Day, R.C.A., "in consideration of the friendly relations that always existed between him and the Cadets in attendance at the College, and in view of the fact that his circumstances were such as to appeal to the feelings of all those who had met him at Kingston." A number of his paintings were bought by club members and an oil painting was donated to the College. He died in Kingston, Ontario in 1903.
Work.
Forshaw Day's body of work includes oils on canvas, watercolours and etchings. His preferred subjects were landscapes and marine seascapes.
Museums.
Forshaw Day's work is found in various museums and private collections.
Recognition.
Forshaw Island, St Joseph Channel, Algoma, Ontario, Canada was named in honour of late Professor Forshaw Day, Esq., R.C.A sometime Professor of Drawing at the Royal Military College, Kingston c. 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="20597139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597139" title="Basantpur">
Basantpur

Basantpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597178" title="Gamhariya">
Gamhariya

Gamhariya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597191" title="Govindapur">
Govindapur

Govindapur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597200" title="Chandi Bhanjyang">
Chandi Bhanjyang

Chandi Bhanjyang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597225" title="Chuck Armstrong">
Chuck Armstrong

Charles G. Armstrong is an American attorney and former officer of the United States Navy, best known for his 28 year tenure as president of the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball club, a position from which he stepped down on January 31, 2014.
Early life.
Armstrong was born in Louisville, Kentucky. In 1964, he earned an engineering degree from Purdue University, followed by a law degree from Stanford University in 1967. Shortly after graduation, Armstrong began his three-year career in the navy.
Seattle Mariners.
Armstrong was employed as general counsel for George Argyros' California real estate business when the latter purchased the Mariners from the team's original ownership group, led by entertainer Danny Kaye, in 1981. Argyros immediately brought Armstrong to Seattle to serve as the team's president. During 1987 and 1988, Argyros was attempting to purchase the San Diego Padres and sell the Mariners to several possible out-of-state investors, one of whom intended to move the team to Miami. Armstrong attempted to organize a group of Seattle-based investors with the intention of keeping the team in Seattle; however, citing a conflict of interest, Argyros instructed him to "back away" from his efforts. The Mariners were eventually sold to Indiana businessman Jeff Smulyan in 1989, and Armstrong was let go.
Armstrong worked for several Seattle companies as a consultant from 1989–1992, and served as interim athletic director for the University of Washington Huskies, during 1991. In 1991, after Smulyan had put the team up for sale and rumors persisted that they would relocate to the Tampa Bay area, Armstrong was recruited by then-U.S. Senator Slade Gorton to aid in efforts keep the Mariners in Seattle. He served as a consultant to Seattle-area business leader John Ellis while The Baseball Club of Seattle (led by Nintendo chairman Hiroshi Yamauchi) was negotiating to purchase the team. Major League Baseball stipulated that, as a condition of allowing the team's sale to a group with foreign majority investors, "North American interests" were to run the club's day-to-day operations. The sale was approved in June 1992. Armstrong was brought back to serve as the team's president in 1993, with Ellis serving as CEO and representing the team's ownership group (a role filled by former Nintendo of America executive Howard Lincoln since Ellis' retirement in 2000).
On November 25, 2013, Armstrong announced that he would retire from his position as President and COO of the Mariners. January 31st, 2014 marked his last day as the Mariners' president.

</doc>
<doc id="20597230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597230" title="Measurement Studio">
Measurement Studio

History.
Measurement Studio was introduced in February 2000 by National Instruments in order to combine its text-based programming tools, specifically: LabWindows/CVI, Component Works ++, Component Works. Measurement studio 7.0 adopted support for .NET and allowed 
for native .NET controls and classes to integrate into Visual Studio. As of Measurement Studio 8.0.1, support for Visual Studio 2005 and .NET 2.0 framework have been included, with support for Windows Vista first adopted in version 8.1.1. Current version of Measurement Studio drops support for multiple versions of Visual studio including 2008, 2005, .NET 2003 and 6.0. So that you have to install older versions of Measurement Stusio to support
Benefits.
Measurement Studio is a set of test and measurement class libraries, tools, and wizards that integrated into the Microsoft Visual Studio environment is the extensive support for accessing instrumentation hardware. It has drivers and abstraction layers for many different types of instruments and buses are included or are available for inclusion. The provided driver interfaces save program development time. 
Measurement Studio includes a variety of examples, to illustrate how common GPIB, VISA, DAQMX, Analysis, and DataSocket
applications can be accessed. Measurement Studio ties the creation of user interfaces based on UI in visual studio into the development cycle. So that
while an application is running, the user may manipulate controls, and obtain data through indicators. 
Measurement Studio includes a suite of analysis functions that can simplify development time. Such functions include: Curve Fitting, Spectral Analysis, Statistics fast fourier transforms (FFT) and digital filters, and visualization. It also includes the ability to share variables and pass data over the internet with network shared variables. So live data can be
shared with more than one client application at a time.
Using the power of Visual Studio users can build an installer that allows their code to run on computers that do not have Measurement Studio installed.
Related software.
National Instruments also offers a product called LabVIEW, which offers many of the test, measurement and control capabilities of Measurement Studio. National Instruments also offers LabWindows/CVI. as an alternative for ANSI C programmers.

</doc>
<doc id="20597236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597236" title="Fulbari">
Fulbari

Fulbari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597256" title="Portrait of Caracalla">
Portrait of Caracalla

The best known portrait of Caracalla is that held at the Vatican Museums and of which several copies are known.
Judging by the large number of copies and comparison with medieval copies, the type was first created on his assuming full responsibility for the empire after his murder of Geta in 212. He is shown with an unusual twist in the neck towards the left and an accentuation of psychological character, inspired by Hellenistic prototypes but with added Roman feeling. The bust on which the head rests is 18th-century, but probably similar to the original.
It inspired Michelangelo in his "portrait of Brutus" at the Bargello in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20597258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597258" title="Goopy Bagha Phire Elo">
Goopy Bagha Phire Elo

Goopy Bagha Phirey Elo () (1992) is the third sequel of "Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne" series. It was directed by Sandip Ray and written by his father Satyajit Ray. This film was released eleven years after its predecessor Hirak Rajar Deshe.
Plot.
Goopy Gyne and Bagha Byne have ruled the kingdom of Shundi and are bored of royal luxuries. They want to get back to the days of adventure they had enjoyed all their lives, but age comes in the way. They leave the kingdom in search of new experiences. Finally, they reach Anandagarh and win the king's heart with their musical abilities and powers. In the court room they meet Brahmananda Acharya, who invites Goopy and Bagha to come to Anandagarh fort. When they go to his place he offers them a job to steal three valuable stones, making use of their miraculous powers gifted by Bhuter Raja (King of Ghosts). In return he promises to make them 20 years younger. They steal two rare stones with a hope to become young again. But
However, in their dream the King of Ghost appears and advises them to keep off injustice. They apologise to him and return the stones to the respective owners. Brahmananda Acharya had gained immense powers, as shown when he was not rendered motionless when they sung in front of the court. But, due to his greed of gaining rare and valuable stones, he was not offered immortality. It was foretold that a 12 year boy, named Bikram, with divine powers, would defeat him. To prevent his death, Brahmananda Acharya had all the boys in Anandagarh, who were 12 years old and were named Bikram, kidnapped by his soldiers. He hypnotized them, making them his servants. In the end, Goopy and Bagha find out that one boy named Kanu was previously named Bikram. He was to receive divine powers at the age of 12. He, along with Goopy and Bagha, goes towards Anandagarh fort. There, as Bikram entered the fort and came close to Brahmananda Acharya, the Acharya sank beneath the ground, signifying that he had been destroyed. His valuable stones also vanished.
Awards.
BFJA Awards in 1993

</doc>
<doc id="20597268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597268" title="Khunga">
Khunga

Khunga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597286" title="Fast and Realistic OpenGL Displayer">
Fast and Realistic OpenGL Displayer

FROG (The Fast & Realistic OpenGl Displayer) is a generic framework dedicated to visualize events in a given geometry. It has been written in C++ and use OpenGL cross-platform libraries. Its first application is the visualization of events in the Compact Muon Solenoid detector.
Introduction.
FROG has been firstly written by Loïc Quertenmont and Vincent Roberfroid in order to view, in a matter of seconds, events in the Compact Muon Solenoid detector. This detector is located at CERN and is dedicated to measure emitted particles produced by the collisions of high energetic protons accelerated by the Large Hadron Collider.
Two other tools already exists in order to view events in the CMS detector : IGUANA and Fireworks.
However, FROG has the advantage to have been implemented as such that any particular physics experiments or detector designs can be visualized. 
Moreover, in comparison with the 2 other event displayers, FROG is very light and very fast and can run on various Operating System (Windows, Linux, Mac OS). In addition, FROG is self-consistent and does not require installation of big libraries generally used by High Energy physic experiments such as "ROOT". 
The article describes the principle of the algorithm and its many functionalities such as : 3D and 2D visualization, graphical user interface, mouse interface, configuration files, production of pictures of various format, integration of personal objects... Finally the application of FROG to the CMS experiment will be described.

</doc>
<doc id="20597318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597318" title="Nagi, Nepal">
Nagi, Nepal

Nagi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597324" title="Have You Been to the Beach Lately?">
Have You Been to the Beach Lately?

Have You Been to the Beach Lately? is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrea Sperling. It was first published in 2001.
Summary.
Thirty three first person poems that describe various moments during an eleven-year-old boy's day at the beach. He builds sand walls, he plays in the surf with his friends and teases his little brother.
Reception.
Trevelyn E. Jones in his review for School Library Journal called it a "perceptive and witty look into the 11-year-old heart" and that "both boys and girls will enjoy this accessible yet artful book. Perfect for use with creative-writing groups." Melinda Miller-Widrick in her review for Book Report called it "another well-done collection of poems focused on a specific topic" and that "all come together nicely to give readers a realistic view of all that goes on at the beach from the time of arrival through the drive home at night. The b&w photos complement the text very well and many add just the right background for the poems. Written mostly in free verse, these poems demonstrate that good poetry does not have to rhyme."

</doc>
<doc id="20597347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597347" title="Hellenistic portraiture">
Hellenistic portraiture

Hellenistic portraiture was one of the most innovative features of Hellenistic art.

</doc>
<doc id="20597360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597360" title="Oyam">
Oyam

Oyam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597370" title="Kabilas">
Kabilas

Kabilas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597376" title="Mia Nihta Zoriki">
Mia Nihta Zoriki

Mia Nihta Zoriki (Greek: "Μια νύχτα ζόρικη"; English: "One tough night") is an album by popular Greek Laïka singer Paschalis Terzis released on November 3, 2008 by Minos EMI. The album is the follow-up to his 2007 platinum album "I Diafora" and is composed entirely by Giorgos Theofanous. It was certified gold on its first day of release and debuted on the Greek Albums Chart at number two.
Background.
Released on November 3, 2008, the 14 track "Mia Nihta Zoriki" is the follow-up album to Terzis' successful 2007 release "I Diafora". It was composed entirely by Giorgos Theofanous, with lyrics, apart from a few by Giorgos Theofanous, by Thanos Papanikolaou, Kostas Fasoulas, Andreas Neofytidis and poet Manos Eleftherios. The album was released in two case formats: one in a standard jewel case and the other in a larger paperback case, the latter being marked as a "special edition" by some retailers.
Promotion.
Terzis performed his new songs in the first week of the album's release on the Greek "The X Factor" where composer Theofanous is a judge. He also began performances at club "Iera Odos" on November 6, 2008, for his sixth winter season there. He sang many songs from his career in addition to his newer tracks, and is accompanied by fellow Greek singer Elena Paparizou.
Singles.
"Kane Oti Nomizeis"
"Mia Nihta Zoriki"
Charts and reception.
"Mia Nihta Zoriki" debuted and peaked at number two on the IFPI Greek Albums Chart on week 46 of 2008 and stayed at number two for the following two weeks: 47 and 48. By week 49, it had slipped to number 11, and as of the week 10/2009 charts, it has charted for 14 weeks. The album had certified gold during its first day of release, with the award being handed over soon after.
The album placed at number thirteen on IFPI's Year-end chart for "Top 50 Greek albums of 2008", and number fifteen on the "Top 50 Greek and International albums of 2008".

</doc>
<doc id="20597392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597392" title="Mike Locksley">
Mike Locksley

Mike Locksley (born December 25, 1969) is an American football coach. He is the offensive coordinator for the University of Maryland. After serving as an assistant coach for several college football squads, he became the 29th head coach of the University of New Mexico Lobos football team in 2009. Locksley was fired on September 25, 2011 after going 2–26.
Early life.
Locksley grew up in inner-city Washington D.C., and attended Ballou High School.
College playing career.
Locksley played college football at Towson University. He redshirted his first year and then spent two seasons sharing time at safety and then cornerback, backing up Towson veteran Bryant Hall. For the 1990 season he had 43 tackles and two interceptions at safety, after he filled in for the injured Aaron Bates. He was named the Tigers' Defensive Player of the Year for his senior season. He graduated in the spring of 1992 with a degree in marketing, but knew that he wanted to be a college coach.
Coaching career.
He served as defensive backs coach and special teams coach at Towson University for the 1992 season, then defensive coordinator at Naval Academy Preparatory School in 1993 (defensive backs) and 1994 (defensive line), was outside linebackers coach at the University of the Pacific for 1995, then spent the 1996 season coaching tight ends and split ends at Army Black Knights football.
Locksley became the running backs coach for the University of Maryland Terrapins football under head coach Ron Vanderlinden in February 1997. Ron Vanderlinden named Locksley to the additional post of recruiting coordinator, replacing Chris Cosh who left to take the defensive coordinator's job at Michigan State, in February 1998. After Vanderlinden was fired, in 2000, and Ralph Friedgen was named head coach, Locksley and wide receivers coach James Franklin were the only two assistants to be retained by Maryland.
In February 2003, after six years at Maryland, he was named as running backs coach and recruiting coordinator at the University of Florida under Ron Zook, replacing Tyke Tolbert, who left to be a coach with the Arizona Cardinals of the NFL.
Locksley was named offensive coordinator at the University of Illinois Fighting Illini in January 2005, replacing Larry Fedora who went to Oklahoma State University, pairing Locksley again with head coach Ron Zook. He is credited with luring at least nine players from the Washington D.C. area for Illinois from 2005 through 2008, including wide receiver Arrelious Benn, 2007 Big Ten Freshman of the Year.
New Mexico.
He was named head coach of the New Mexico Lobos on December 9, 2008. He signed a six-year contract worth $750,000 annually.
In late May 2009, a former administrative assistant at New Mexico filed an age and sex discrimination complaint against Locksley with the Equal Opportunity Commission. The complaint was filed by Locksley's former administrative assistant Sylvia Lopez. Lopez claimed to have been subjected to age and sexual discrimination before being transferred out of Locksley's office. The claims were later withdrawn.
In late September 2009, Locksley was reprimanded for an altercation with an assistant coach. He was subsequently suspended without pay for ten days. He was not on the sideline for the game against UNLV on October 24, 2009.
Locksley led his Lobos to 1–11 records his first and second seasons. Despite fan outcry to fire him, he returned for his third season. The high buyout was a large reason UNM chose at first not to fire him. UNM athletic director Paul Krebs, who made the decision to retain Locksley, expected improvement in the 2011 
season. On September 25, 2011, Locksley was relieved of his duties following an 0-4 start 
that culminated in a loss at home to FCS Sam Houston State as well as the arrest of a minor for a DWI while driving a car registered to Locksley's 19 year old son Meiko a member of the Lobo Football team. After an internal investigation by UNM, it was found the minor was not a recruit as erroneously reported. Instead a childhood friend of Meiko Locksley from his Champaign, IL days where his dad served as Offensive Coordinator for the Illini from 2005-2008.
Maryland.
On December 22, 2011, he officially became the offensive coordinator for the University of Maryland.
Personal life.
Locksley along with his wife Kia have four children, three sons, Mike, Jr., Meiko, and Kai, and a daughter, Kori.
Kia is a yoga instructor. She helped teach some members of the Fighting Illini football team yoga in the summer of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20597406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597406" title="List of rivers of Montserrat">
List of rivers of Montserrat

This is a list of rivers of Montserrat. Rivers are listed in clockwise order, starting at the north end of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20597418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597418" title="Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional Studies">
Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional Studies

Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional Studies is a special mission campus graduate school of the Pennsylvania State University, located in Malvern, northwest of Philadelphia in the United States. Academic programs include education, engineering, MBA, and management. Classes are geared toward working adults, and meet evenings and Saturdays in seven and fourteen week sessions.
History.
Penn State Great Valley, founded in 1963 to provide graduate engineering programs to employees of local businesses, was housed in a rented school building in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and was known as the King of Prussia Graduate Center. Education programs were added in the late 1960s and, in 1974, the center began offering courses off-site at area businesses. In 1978, the center moved to an old elementary school building in Radnor, Pennsylvania. In 1982 the center moved back to King of Prussia and became the King of Prussia Center for Graduate Studies and Continuing Education.
In 1987, the university acquired within the Great Valley Corporate Center in Malvern, Pennsylvania. A new facility was built on the site earning the distinction of being the first permanent campus in the country located within a corporate park. The campus moved to the new location in 1988, introduced a graduate management program, and changed its name to Penn State Great Valley. In 1998, the Board of Trustees approved the Great Valley campus as a distinct School of Graduate Professional Studies. Due to its expanding programs, the Safeguard Scientifics Building was built next to the original facility and opened in 2001 with a 300-seat auditorium and additional classrooms.
As of January 1, 2010, the Safeguard Scientifics Building is known as “The Conference Center at Penn State Great Valley.” The decision to rename The Conference Center at Penn State Great Valley took place in close consultation with Safeguard Scientifics to reflect more accurately the primary use of the building as a corporate and community meeting space.
Academics.
The Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional Studies houses three academic divisions:
In addition to its degree programs, continuing professional education courses and certificate programs are offered in areas of business and technology. Programs exist in database design, Java programming, project management, ScrumMaster certification, KAI Certification, and Leadership Development, among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20597426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597426" title="Artem Teryan">
Artem Teryan

Artyom Sarkisovich Teryan (, March 5, 1930 – April 1970) was a Greco-Roman wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent.
Biography.
Artem Teryan was born on March 5, 1930 in Kirovabad in an Armenian family originating from the village Banants. He lost his father, who died in World War II, when he was very young. He started wrestling in 1945. He first became interested in the Armenian Kokh, then moved on to the studies of classical wrestling. His first coach was Andrew Danielian.
After high school, Teryan entered the Baku Institute of Physical Education and moved to Baku. In 1950, he won the first USSR Championship in Greco-Roman wrestling in the lightest weight category. In 1951, he became the Champion of the USSR in the classical and freestyle wrestling.
Teryan became a member of the USSR national Greco-Roman wrestling team in 1952 and competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki and won a bronze medal in the bantamweight category (57 kg). He was a member of the first Soviet wrestling team to compete at at World Championships at the 1953 FILA Wrestling World Championships in Naples. Teryan was the winner of his division and won a gold medal. In the finals, he beat Olympic Champion Imre Hódos. Teryan is the first athlete from Azerbaijan to become a World Champion.
He later served in the featherweight weight class (62 kg). In 1955, after a fall off his bike, which led to the fracture of the clavicle, he was forced to complete his career and went onto coaching in the sports society Dynamo. In April 1970, he was murdered as a victim of domestic violence murders.

</doc>
<doc id="20597428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597428" title="Carl Smith (country musician)">
Carl Smith (country musician)

Carl Milton Smith (March 15, 1927 – January 16, 2010) was an American country music singer. Known as "Mister Country," Smith was the husband of June Carter (later June Carter Cash) and Goldie Hill, and the father of Carlene Carter. He was one of country's most successful male artists during the 1950s, with 30 Top 10 "Billboard" hits, including 21 in a row. Smith's success continued well into the 1970s, when he had a charting single every year except one. He is a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Early career.
A native of Maynardville, Tennessee, Carl Smith aspired to a musical career after hearing the "Grand Ole Opry" on the radio. He sold seed to pay for guitar lessons as a teenager. At age 15, he started performing in a band called Kitty Dibble and Her Dude Ranch Ranglers. By age 17, he had learned to play the string bass and spent his summer vacation working at WROL-AM in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he performed on Cas Walker's radio show.
After graduating from high school, he served in the U.S. Navy from 1944–47. He returned to WROL and played string bass for country singers Molly O'Day and Skeets Williamson, and began his singing career. A colleague at the station sent an acetate disc recording of Smith to WSM-AM and the "Grand Ole Opry" in Nashville, Tennessee, and WSM soon signed him. In 1950, Smith was signed to a recording contract with Columbia Records by producer Don Law.
Success in the 1950s.
In 1951, his song "Let's Live a Little" was a big hit, reaching No. 2 on country chart. During 1951 he had up three other hits, including "If the Teardrops Were Pennies" and his first No. 1 hit, "Let Old Mother Nature Have Her Way". The songs made Smith a well-known name in country music. His band, the Tunesmiths, featured steel guitarist Johnny Silbert, who added an element of Western swing.
In 1952, Smith married June Carter (who later became the wife of Johnny Cash), the daughter of Maybelle Carter of the Carter Family. In 1955 the couple had a daughter, Rebecca Carlene Smith, who later became known as Carlene Carter, a country singer in her own right. 
During the rest of the 1950s, Smith made regular appearances on "Billboard's" country charts, racking up many hits, including 30 in the Top 10. His biggest hits include "Loose Talk", "Wicked Lies", "Hey Joe!" and "You Are the One". He had five No. 1 hits in his career; "Loose Talk" was his last, in 1955. 
Some of his songs had sharp edges, fast phrasing and a strong drumbeat, similar to rockabilly material making the charts in the mid-50s, which in some ways made Smith's music closer to rock and roll than country. Some of his songs did, however, make the pop charts. His biggest pop entry was the song "Ten Thousand Drums" in 1959, which reached No. 43 on the pop chart. 
In 1956, Smith quit the Grand Ole Opry. Soon after, he joined "The Phillip Morris Country Music Show" and spent more than a year touring the United States, often in direct competition with touring Opry shows. He also made regular appearances on ABC-TV's "Jubilee USA" and was a fill-in host for Red Foley. 
In 1957, Smith and June Carter divorced. That same year, he appeared in the movie, The Badge of Marshal Brennan and Buffalo Guns, and married country music singer Goldie Hill, best known for the No. 1 hit "I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes". Goldie retired from the music business. By the late 50s, Smith's success began to dwindle on the country charts, and soon his string of Top 10s turned into Top 20 hits.
Later years.
By the 1960s, Smith's success as a country singer began to slow. His Top 20 hits included "Air Mail To Heaven" in 1962 and "Take My Ring Off Your Finger" in 1964. His biggest hit of the decade was "Deep Water" in 1967, which peaked at No. 10 and became his first top 10 in eight years (and his final top 10 appearance). In 1961, he was one of five rotating hosts on the NBC television series "Five Star Jubilee". He also hosted "Carl Smith's Country Music Hall" in Canada, a series syndicated in the United States. Smith appeared on "The Jimmy Dean Show" on April 9, 1964.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Smith incorporated more Western swing into much of his recorded material. He remained with Columbia Records for almost 25 years, leaving in 1975 to sign with Hickory Records. By this time his singles were barely making the charts. He appeared in the "Hawaii Five-O" episode, "Man on Fire", first aired on October 21, 1976.
Thanks to his real estate and song publishing investments, he decided to retire from the music business in the late 1970s to concentrate on his second passion, raising horses for cutting, but in 1983, he recorded an album for the Gusto label. In 2003, he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Death.
His wife Goldie died in 2005. Smith, who lived on a horse farm in Franklin, south of Nashville, followed her in January 2010. The cause of death was natural causes. He was survived by two sons, Carl, Jr. and Larry Dean; and two daughters, Carlene and Lori Lynn.

</doc>
<doc id="20597442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597442" title="Guy Mann-Dude">
Guy Mann-Dude

Guy Mann-Dude is an American-born musician who was best known in the late 1980s and early 1990s after his self named band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1988. He was also guitar player for the Michael Angelo Band before going solo.
He also was part of the heavy metal supergroup The Dudes Of Wrath along with Paul Stanley of Kiss and Tommy Lee of Mötley Crüe, who were specially assembled to record a song called Shocker from the movie of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20597447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597447" title="Carl Smith">
Carl Smith

Carl Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597449" title="Bempton">
Bempton

Bempton is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, near the border with North Yorkshire. It is near the North Sea coast and Flamborough Head, and is situated about north of Bridlington. It lies on the B1229 road between Speeton and Flamborough. It is served by Bempton railway station which is on the Yorkshire Coast Line that runs between Hull and Scarborough.
The parish of Bempton also contains Buckton village, which is situated directly next to Bempton. According to the 2011 UK census, Bempton parish had a population of 1,040, a slight decrease on the 2001 UK census figure of 1,050.
Amenities.
The parish church of St Michael is a Grade II* listed building and dates back to the 13th century.
The village is well known for its cliffs. Bempton Cliffs is an RSPB nature reserve, best known for its breeding seabirds, including Northern Gannet, Atlantic Puffin, Razorbill, Common Guillemot, Black-legged Kittiwake and Fulmar. Bempton also used to be home to RAF Bempton, an early warning station. Some of the old buildings are still visible from the cliff top.
Bempton has a post office and general store, a garage, a hairdresser, antique shop, village hall and snooker club. It is home to Bempton Primary School, which was completely rebuilt in 2004 at a cost of over £1 million. It also has a public house, The White Horse, which has a distinctive blue tiled roof. 
There is also a children's playground between the villages of Bempton and Buckton.
Bronze Age pit dwellings have been discovered near Bempton.

</doc>
<doc id="20597451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597451" title="Wanna Hold You">
Wanna Hold You

"Wanna Hold You" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones on their 1983 album "Undercover".
Although credited to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "Wanna Hold You" is largely a Richards composition. The song was written in a recording studio in Paris in the basement of a house of one of Richards' acquaintances. Richards describes the song's structure as being "very early sort of Lennon & McCartney, let alone the title, which suggest I Want to Hold Your Hand". The first recording of the song, of which Richards claims to have the original tape, had only Richards on guitar and vocals and Jagger on drums.
The lyrics deal with the often-used topic of a poor man having nothing but love to give to a woman, as the following line illustrates:
During the Rolling Stones' Bridges To Babylon Tour, "Wanna Hold You" was a regular part of the mini-set sung by Richards and was performed 99 times (of 107 concerts in total).

</doc>
<doc id="20597464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597464" title="Günzburg (surname)">
Günzburg (surname)

Günzburg is a surname of Bavarian origin.
History of the name.
The Günzburg (, 
, "Ginzburg", "Gintsburg") family originated in the town of Günzburg, Bavaria. It is believed that the family went there from the city of Ulm, Württemberg, and that for this reason the best-known progenitor of the family and some of his immediate descendants, as well as certain others, called themselves "Ulma-Günzburg". ("Rabbi Jair Chajim Bacharach und Seine Ahnen", p. 45, Treves, 1894) proves that ""Gunz"" and ""Gaunz"" are simply variants of ""Günzburg"."
It is also an Ashkenazi Jewish surname. When, early in the emancipation period, the Jews of Russia and of Austria were ordered by their governments to adopt family names, it was natural that many of them should choose a name so respected and pleasing as that of Günzburg. There is on record a lawsuit instituted by Baer Günzburg of Grodno against a Jewish family of that city who had adopted the same name under the decree of 1804 (Maggid, "Toledot Mishpechoth Gintzburg," p. 239, St. Petersburg, 1899). The court sustained the right of Jewish families to adopt any name they chose, and the number of Günzburg families accordingly increased. 
The name is composed of two German elements. Burg means a castle on a hill or a citadel. This commonly was used to describe a settlement or town, hence common usage in town names such as Hamburg (home town). Developments of the word include burger (town dweller) or burgermeister (town master or mayor). Gins is a corruption of koening, a common transposition or spoonerism. Koening means king so Ginsburg means king's castle, or commonly kingstown (Kingston). Ginsberg would mean king's hill (berg meaning hill). Günzburg refers to the castle overlooking the river Günz.

</doc>
<doc id="20597466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597466" title="Roman portraiture">
Roman portraiture

Roman portraiture was one of the most significant periods in the development of portrait art. Originating from Ancient Rome, it continued for almost five centuries. Roman portraiture is characterised by unusual realism and the desire to convey images of nature in the high quality style often seen in Ancient Roman art. Some busts even seem to show clinical signs. Several images and statues made in marble and bronze have survived in small numbers. Many roman portraits are directly linked to specific individuals, such as gods and emperors. 
Portrait sculpture from the Republican era tends to be somewhat more modest, realistic, and natural compared to early Imperial works. A typical work might be one like the standing figure “A Roman Patrician with Busts of His Ancestors” (c. 30 B.C.) 
By the imperial age, though they were often realistic depictions of human anatomy, portrait sculpture of Roman emperors were often used for propaganda purposes and included ideological messages in the pose, accoutrements, or costume of the figure. Since most emperors from Augustus on were deified, some images are somewhat idealized. The Romans also depicted warriors and heroic adventures, in the spirit of the Greeks who came before them.
Ideology.
Religious functions and origins.
The origin of the realism of Roman portraits may be, according to some scholars, because they evolved from wax death masks. These death masks were taken from bodies and kept in a home altar. Besides wax, masks were made from bronze, marble and terracotta. The molds for the masks were made directly from the deceased, giving historians an accurate representation of typically Roman features.
Politics.
In the days of the Republic, full-size statues of political officials and military commanders were often erected in public places. Such an honor was provided by the decision of the Senate, usually in commemoration of victories, triumphs and political achievements. These portraits were usually accompanied by a dedicatory inscription. If the person who was commemorated with a portrait was found to have committed a crime, the portrait would be destroyed. 
Social and Psychological aspect.
Development of the Roman portrait was associated with increased interest in the individual, with the expansion of the social circle portrayed. At the heart of the artistic structure of many Roman portraits is the clear and rigorous transfer of unique features of the model, while still keeping the general style very similar. Unlike the ancient Greek portraits that strived for idealization (the Greeks believed that a good man must be beautiful), Roman portrait sculpture was far more natural and is still considered one of the most realistic samples of the genre in the history of art. 
Historical development.
Imperial period.
Roman portraiture of the Imperial period includes works created throughout the provinces, often combining Greek, Roman, and local traditions, as with the Fayum mummy portraits.

</doc>
<doc id="20597480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597480" title="Charles D. Breitel">
Charles D. Breitel

Charles David Breitel (December 12, 1908, New York City – December 1, 1991, Manhattan, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1974 to 1978.
Private life.
He was the son of Harry Herman Breitel (born on 10 Apr 1873, in Lemberg, Austria, now Lviv, Ukraine) and Regina D. Breitel (née Zuckerberg, born in Austria). His parents had 4 children, 3 of which were born in Austria: Sadie (1889-1990), Lillian (born on 10 Jun 1897 in Lemberg), Ethel Ettie (born 1905 in Austria), and Charles David (born on December 12, 1908 in New York City). His father died in 1911.
He attended the public schools in New York City. On April 9, 1927, 19-year-old Charles married 18-year-old Jeanne S. Hollander (1909-1996), who was also to become a lawyer. He earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Michigan in 1929, and a law degree from Columbia University Law School. 
The Breitels have had two daughters: Eleanor (Breitel) Alter (1938-), a lawyer in Manhattan; and Vivian Hollander Breitel (1945-), who lives in Houston, Texas.
Career.
From 1934 to 1950 he worked for Thomas E. Dewey. While Dewey was, successively, New York City's Special Prosecutor of Rackets, District Attorney of New York County, briefly in private law practice, and from 1943 on Governor of New York, Breitel was Assistant D.A., Dewey's law partner, and Counsel to the Governor. 
In 1950, Dewey appointed him a justice of the New York Supreme Court to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Samuel Null. In December 1950, Dewey re-appointed Breitel to the Supreme Court to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Ferdinand Pecora. In November 1951, he was elected on the Republican and Democratic tickets to a 14-year term, and re-elected in 1965. He was on the Appellate Division from 1952 to 1966. 
In January 1967, he was appointed a judge of the New York Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy caused by the election of Stanley H. Fuld as Chief Judge. In November 1967, he was elected to a 14-year term. In November 1973, he was elected on the Republican and Liberal tickets Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals, defeating Democrat Jacob D. Fuchsberg and Conservative James J. Leff.
As Chief Judge, he was a strong proponent of changing the way of choosing the Court of Appeals' judges from popular election, which had been the system since its establishment in 1846, to having them appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the New York State Senate. New York State voters approved the constitutional amendment.
He retired from the bench at the end of 1978 when he reached the constitutional age limit of 70 years. His successor as Chief Judge was Lawrence H. Cooke, appointed by Governor Hugh L. Carey in 1979.
Death.
He had a stroke in September 1990, and two months later entered the Mary Manning Walsh Nursing Home in Manhattan where he died of heart failure the next year, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20597486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597486" title="Philistion of Locri">
Philistion of Locri

Philistion of Locri () was a physician and writer on medicine who lived in the 4th century BC.
He was a native of Locri in Italy, but was also referred to as "the Sicilian." He was tutor to the physician Chrysippus of Cnidos, and the astronomer and physician Eudoxus, and therefore must have lived in the 4th century BC. He was one of those who defended the opinion that what is drunk goes into the lungs. Some ancient writers attributed to Philistion the treatise "De Salubri Victus Ratione", and also the "De Victus Ratione", both of which form part of the Hippocratic collection. By some persons he was considered one of the founders of the Empiric school. He wrote a work on "materia medica", and on "Cookery", and is several times quoted by Pliny, and Galen. Oribasius attributes to him the invention of a machine for restoring dislocations of the humerus.
A brother of Philistion, who was also a physician, but whose name is not known, is quoted by Caelius Aurelianus.

</doc>
<doc id="20597513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597513" title="Lowesby">
Lowesby

Lowesby is a small village and former manor eight miles east of Leicester in Leicestershire. Near the church is situated the Georgian mansion Lowesby Hall, the former manor house. The village once had Lowesby railway station on the way to Tilton on the Hill. There is a small brook running through it named Queniborourgh Brook. It flows under one of the main roads in Lowesby, Church Hill
There was a clear:
':occupational classification, introduced in 1851, was clearly concerned with social status as well as with what people made: it began with the Queen, followed by government officials and then by 'the learned professions'.
It had a population of 127 according to the 2011 census

</doc>
<doc id="20597515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597515" title="Sebastian Bönig">
Sebastian Bönig

Sebastian Bönig (born 26 August 1981 in Erding) is a German footballer.
His brother, Philipp Bönig, is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20597558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597558" title="Roman Republican portraiture">
Roman Republican portraiture

Roman Republican portraiture was practiced during the period of the Roman Republic (500–27 BC). Examples of portraiture, both sculpture and painting, are more abundant for the Imperial period. Republican portraiture is characterized by verism influenced by Hellenistic portraiture, and survives mainly as marble and bronze sculpture. Roman portrait busts are thought to derive in part from death masks or funerary commemorations, as elite Romans displayed ancestral images "(imagines)" in the atrium of their home "(domus)".

</doc>
<doc id="20597572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597572" title="Munatia Plancina">
Munatia Plancina

Munatia Plancina (died 33 AD) was a Roman noblewoman who lived in the early times of the Empire founded by Augustus. She was the wife of the governor of Syria, Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso. The couple was accused of poisoning Germanicus, the nephew and adopted son of the Emperor Tiberius. At first Munatia Plancina was acquitted but when the trial was renewed she committed suicide.
Biography.
Often Munatia Plancina is simply called "Plancina". She was probably the daughter of a certain Munatius, who was the Comes of Tiberius at his diplomatic mission in the East. In this case she was the granddaughter of Lucius Munatius Plancus, who had been consul in 42 BC.
Munatia Plancina was a rich woman and very self-confident because of her noble descent. She was probably the second wife of Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso. They had two sons: Gnaeus, who later changed his first name into Lucius, and Marcus Calpurnius Piso. Munatia Plancina was also a close friend of Livia, the wife of the Emperor Augustus and mother of his successor Tiberius. When her husband was elected governor of Syria she accompanied him in his province (18 AD). At this time Germanicus traveled with an extraordinary command in the east of the Roman Empire, and he was accompanied by his wife Agrippina the Elder. They arrived at Syria and got involved in a serious quarrel with the governor Piso and his wife. Like Agrippina also Munatia Plancina was sometimes present at military parades. She often said insulting words against Germanicus and his wife. The Roman historian Tacitus states that Livia secretly ordered Munatia Plancina to take this action against Germanicus and Agrippina, but Tacitus’ account is not reliable. Munatia Plancina was supposed to have been in contact with a Syrian preparer of poison called Martina. When Germanicus soon died (10 October 19 AD) he allegedly suspected Piso and his wife of having him poisoned. The death of Germanicus supposedly gave Munatia Plancina a lot of pleasure. Then she supported her husband Piso to take again possession of Syria by military actions.
In autumn of 20 AD Munatia Plancina and her husband returned to Rome. The couple had to answer to the senate for their supposed murder of Germanicus. Allegedly Munatia Plancina was convicted of very serious crimes. But her powerful friend Livia fought for her and exerted pressure on Tiberius. Therefore her acquittal was foreseeable and she dissociated herself from her husband Piso who committed suicide. A recently discovered senate resolution also confirms that Munatia Plancina owed her impunity to the recommendation of Tiberius, who had been pressed by Livia to act in this way. But after the death of Livia she had no longer such a powerful protectress. So in 33 AD Tiberius renewed the charge. She committed suicide before the judgement. 
The fact that the family of Munatia Plancina probably enjoyed only a low reputation during the reign of Tiberius can be concluded from the very negative characterization of her grandfather Lucius Munatius Plancus by the historian Marcus Velleius Paterculus.

</doc>
<doc id="20597588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597588" title="Daniel Göhlert">
Daniel Göhlert

Daniel Göhlert (born 25 September 1980) is a German footballer currently playing for TSV Einheit Claußnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="20597630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597630" title="Usat">
Usat

USAT can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597634" title="United States Senate election in Alaska, 2010">
United States Senate election in Alaska, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Alaska took place on November 2, 2010, alongside 33 other U.S. Senate elections in other states, as well as elections in all states for Representatives to the U.S. House, and various state and local offices.
The November general election in Alaska was preceded by primary elections which were held on August 24, 2010. Scott McAdams, the Mayor of Sitka, became the Democratic Party nominee for U.S. Senate after winning the largest number of votes of any Democrat in the open primary (any registered Alaska voter can vote this ballot, regardless of party registration). Joe Miller, an attorney and former federal magistrate, became the Republican nominee after defeating incumbent Senator Lisa Murkowski in the closed Republican primary, (voters must be registered as Republicans, Nonpartisan, or Undeclared, in order to vote for Republican candidates). Miller was endorsed by the Tea Party movement and former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. Murkowski announced that regardless of her defeat in the primary, she would run in the general election as a write-in candidate.
Murkowski garnered more than 100,000 write-in votes in the general election, 8,000 of which were challenged by Miller for various errors including minor misspellings. Even if the challenged votes were all thrown out, Murkowski still had a lead of over 2,100 votes when the counting was done. The Associated Press and the Alaska GOP called the race in Murkowski's favor on November 17, and Murkowski proclaimed herself the winner on November 18. Miller did not concede the race and instead filed legal challenges which stopped the Alaska Division of Elections from certifying Murkowski as the winner. On December 10, the Alaska Superior Court in Juneau rejected Miller's State law claims, ruling that Alaska statutes and case law do not require perfect spelling on write-in ballots if voter intent is clear. The Superior Court judge also dismissed Miller's claims of vote fraud as based on speculation. Miller took his appeal to the Alaska Supreme Court, citing a provision in the Alaska election statute that says there shall be "no exceptions" to the rules for counting ballots, and arguing that therefore, all ballots with misspellings or other deviations should be thrown out. The court heard oral arguments on December 17. Miller also had a pending case in federal court raising U.S. constitutional claims that the and the Due Process Clauses were violated by State election authorities; the federal court could consider the claims once Miller's State court options are exhausted. 
On December 30, 2010, Alaska state officials certified the election of Lisa Murkowski as the winner of the Senatorial election, making her the first U.S. Senate candidate to win election via write-in since Strom Thurmond in 1954. On December 31 Miller announced at a news conference in Anchorage that he was conceding.
Primary systems.
Alaska's primary elections consist of a closed primary ballot for voters that have declared themselves as Republicans and an open primary ballot for Democrats, Libertarians, the Alaska Independence Party, and all other declared or write-in candidates.
Republican primary.
Results.
Murkowski conceded the primary race to Joe Miller on August 31, 2010.
Aftermath.
When it began to appear that Miller had won the primary, the Libertarian Party floated the possibility of offering Murkowski its nomination; the Murkowski campaign said it would not rule out a third party run, and Murkowski said it was too premature. But on August 29, 2010, the executive board of the state Libertarian Party voted not to consider allowing Murkowski on its ticket for the U.S. Senate race. When asked about a write-in candidacy at that time, she said it was "high risk". By September 7 though, she said that she was weighing the option of mounting a write-in campaign. On September 13 Libertarian candidate David Haase reiterated that he would not stand down and let Murkowski replace him on the ballot. Murkowski announced on September 17 that she would enter the general election contest as a write-in candidate, saying she had agonized over the decision, but had been encouraged to run by many voters.
General election.
Campaign.
After Lisa Murkowski conceded the Republican primary to Joe Miller, Scott McAdams raised over $128,000 through ActBlue, and a private fundraiser at the home of Alaskan State Senator Hollis French raised about $19,000.
Miller received negative press in mid-October 2010 when his campaign's security guards made a private arrest of a journalist who was persistently questioning Miller about his record as a government employee. Tony Hopfinger, of the "Alaska Dispatch" was detained and handcuffed until Anchorage police arrived and released him following a townhall event featuring Miller. No charges were filed. Though the campaign event was open to the general public and held at a public school, the security firm said it had detained the journalist because he had been trespassing and had shoved a man while attempting to question Miller.
On October 20, during early voting, a voter in Homer photographed a list of write-in candidates that was posted inside a voting booth, which raised the issue of whether the state should be posting, or even providing such a list. A lawsuit was filed alleging that the Alaska Division of Elections was violating AAC, 25.070, which reads in part: "Information regarding a write-in candidate may not be discussed, exhibited or provided at the polling place, or within 200 feet of any entrance to the polling place, on election day." Both Republican and Democratic spokespersons decried the lists as electioneering on behalf of Murkowski; representatives of the Division of Elections maintained that the lists were intended merely to assist voters. On October 27 a judge issued a restraining order barring the lists, noting in his decision "If it were important 'assistance' for the Division to provide voters with lists of write-in candidates, then the Division has been asleep at the switch for the past 50 years, the Division first developed the need for a write-in candidate list 12 days ago." Later on the same day, the Alaska Supreme Court ruled that the lists could be distributed to those who asked for them, but that any ballots cast by voters based on information on the lists be "segregated". The Division of Elections responded that they had neither the manpower nor the time to implement such a system by Election Day. By the deadline for registering as a write-in candidate, more than 150 Alaskans had submitted their names as candidates for the U.S. Senate seat, encouraged by an Anchorage talk radio host.
In the election, the total number of write-in votes statewide were counted first, then all the write-in ballots were sent to Juneau to the Division of Elections to be individually examined to see the what names were written on them.

</doc>
<doc id="20597644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597644" title="Christoph Menz">
Christoph Menz

Christoph Menz (born 22 December 1988) is a German footballer playing for 1. FC Union Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20597648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597648" title="Piple">
Piple

Piple may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20597668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597668" title="Zef Shoshi">
Zef Shoshi

Zef Pashko Shoshi is one of the most renowned Albanian painters. He studied at the Art Academy in Moscow, Russia which influenced to a certain degree the style of his paintings. His talent and great technique was quickly recognized by the Albanian art circles, and caught the eye of the dictator Enver Hoxha who choose Zef Shoshi as his personal painter. A lot of government offices carried Shoshi’s best works on their walls for a long time until the communists left and his work was sold illegally across Europe without him ever knowing or profiting from it.
During the 1970s, his painting adopted a more modern style, which almost got him in trouble with the regime at the time. Some of his best-regarded work is in art galleries across Albania and Europe and sometimes part of someone's private collection.
After the communism fell in Albania, the painter had a hard time finding himself in his country and in Europe. For couple of years he has worked in the neighboring countries like Italy and Greece and today he is still producing pieces of art in his studio in Tirana, Albania.
His work is part of the national and European art treasure.

</doc>
<doc id="20597704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597704" title="Amphicoelias">
Amphicoelias

Amphicoelias (, meaning "biconcave", from the Greek αμφι, "amphi": "on both sides", and κοιλος, "koilos": "hollow, concave") is a genus of herbivorous sauropod dinosaur that includes what may be the largest dinosaur ever discovered, "A. fragillimus". Based on surviving descriptions of a single fossil bone, "A. fragillimus" may have been the longest known vertebrate at in length, and may have had a mass of up to 122 tonnes (135 short tons). However, because the only fossil remains were lost at some point after being studied and described in the 1870s, evidence survives only in drawings and field notes. The fossil was found in the Morrison Formation.
Description.
The type species of "Amphicoelias", "A. altus", was named by paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in December 1877 (though not published until 1878) for an incomplete skeleton consisting of two vertebrae, a pubis (hip bone), and a femur (upper leg bone). Cope also named a second species, "A. latus", in the same paper. However, all subsequent researchers have considered "A. latus" to be a synonym of "A. altus". In 1921, Osborn and Mook assigned additional bones to "A. altus"—a scapula (shoulder blade), a coracoid (shoulder bone), an ulna (lower arm bone), and a tooth. Henry Fairfield Osborn and Charles Craig Mook noted the overall close similarity between "Amphicoelias" and "Diplodocus", as well as a few key differences, such as proportionally longer forelimbs in "Amphicoelias" than in "Diplodocus". The femur of "Amphicoelias" is unusually long, slender, and round in cross section; while this roundness was once thought to be another distinguishing characteristic of "Amphicoelias", it has since been found in some specimens of "Diplodocus" as well. "A. altus" was also similar in size to "Diplodocus", estimated to be about 25 m (82 ft) long. While most scientists have used these details to distinguish "Amphicoelias" and "Diplodocus" as separate genera, at least one has suggested that "Amphicoelias" is probably the senior synonym of "Diplodocus". 
The third named "Amphicoelias" species, "A. fragillimus", is known only from a single, incomplete 1.5 m tall neural arch (the part of a vertebra with spines and processes), either last or second to last in the series of back vertebrae, D (dorsal) 10 or D9, that would have measured 2.7 m (8.8 ft) long in life. In addition to this single vertebra, Cope's field notes contain an entry for an "mmense distal end of femur”, located only a few tens of meters away from the giant vertebra. It is likely that this undescribed leg bone belonged to the same individual animal as the neural spine.
In 2010, a monograph was made available, but not formally published, by Henry Galiano and Raimund Albersdorfer in which they referred a fourth species to "Amphicoelias", as "A. brontodiplodocus" based on several complete specimens found in the Dana Quarry of Big Horn Basin, Wyoming and held in a private collection. The specific name referred to their hypothesis based on these specimens that nearly all Morrison diplodocid species are either growth stages or represent sexual dimorphism among members of the genus "Amphicoelias", but this analysis has been met with skepticism and the publication itself has been disclaimed by its lead author, explaining that it is "obviously a drafted manuscript complete with typos, etc., and not a final paper. In fact, no printing or distribution has been attempted".
History of "A. fragillimus".
"Amphicoelias fragillimus" was collected by Oramel Lucas, a fossil collector employed by E. D. Cope, shortly after he was hired by Cope in 1877. Lucas discovered a partial vertebra (the neural arch and spine) of the new sauropod species in Garden Park, north of Cañon City, Colorado, close to the quarry that yielded "Camarasaurus". The vertebra was in poor condition, but astonishingly large, measuring up to in height. Lucas shipped the specimen to Cope in the spring or early summer of 1878, and Cope published it as the holotype specimen (catalogue number AMNH 5777) of a new species, "A. fragillimus", that August. The name derives from the Latin "fragillimus" ("very fragile"), referring to the delicateness of the bone produced by very thin laminae (vertebral walls). As revealed in Cope's notebooks, which he recorded based on Lucas' report on excavation site locations in 1879, the specimen came from a hill south of the "Camarasaurus" quarry now known as "Cope's Nipple." While Cope originally wrote that the site belonged to the Dakota Formation (mid-Cretaceous in age), the presence of dinosaurs such as "Camarasaurus" in the same rocks indicates that they probably belong to the Morrison Formation, which places the age of the site at 150 million years ago in the late Jurassic period, specifically the Tithonian age.
Lost fossils.
The gigantic bones attributed to "A. fragillimus" have often been ignored in summaries of the largest dinosaurs partly because, according to various subsequent reports, the whereabouts of both the vertebra and the femur are unknown, and all attempts to locate them have failed. Carpenter, in 2006, presented a possible scenario for the disappearance of the "A. fragillimus" specimens. As Cope noted in his description, the neural arch bone material was very fragile, and techniques to harden and preserve fossil bone had not yet been invented (Cope's rival, paleontologist O.C. Marsh, was the first to use such chemicals, in the early 1880s). Carpenter observed that the fossil bones known from the "A. fragillimus" quarry would have been preserved in deeply weathered mudstone, which tends to crumble easily and fragment into small, irregular cubes. Therefore, the bone may have crumbled badly and been discarded by Cope soon after he illustrated it in rear view for his paper (Carpenter suggested that this may explain why Cope drew the vertebra in only one view, rather than from multiple angles as he did for his other discoveries).
In 1994, an attempt was made to relocate the original quarry where "A. fragillimus" and other species had been found, using ground-penetrating radar in an attempt to image bones still buried in the ground. This attempt failed because the fossilized mudstone bones were the same density as the surrounding rock, making it impossible to differentiate the two. A study of the local topography also showed that the fossil-bearing rock strata was severely eroded, and probably was so at the time Lucas made his discovery of "A. fragillimus", indicating that a majority of the skeleton was gone by the time the vertebra and femur were recovered.
Carpenter (2006) also noted that, due to the extraordinary size and mysterious disappearance of the fossil, Cope's description of "A. fragillimus" has been met with skepticism, with some people assuming that there were typographical errors in his measurements. Carpenter argued that there is every reason to take Cope at his word, noting that the paleontologist's reputation was at stake. The discovery took place during the Bone Wars, and Cope's rival Marsh, who was "ever ready to humiliate" Cope, never called the claims into question. Marsh was known to have employed spies to monitor Cope's discoveries, and may have even had confirmation of the enormous size of the "Amphicoelias fragillimus" bones. Paleontologists Henry Fairfield Osborn and C.C. Mook in 1921, as well as John S. McIntosh in 1998, also accepted Cope's data without question in published reviews.
Size.
Producing an estimate of the complete size of "A. fragillimus" requires scaling the bones of better-known species of diplodocid (a family of extremely long and slender sauropods) in the assumption that their relative proportions were similar. In his original paper, Cope did this by speculating on the size of a hypothetical "A. fragillimus" femur (upper leg bone). Cope noticed that in other sauropod dinosaurs, specifically "A. altus" and "Camarasaurus supremus", the femora were always twice as tall as the tallest dorsal vertebra, and estimated the size of an "A. fragillimus" femur to be tall. 
In 1994, using the related "Diplodocus" as a reference, Gregory S. Paul estimated a femur length of for "A. fragillimus". The 2006 re-evaluation of "A. fragillimus" by Ken Carpenter also used "Diplodocus" as a scale guide, finding a femur height of . Carpenter went on to estimate the complete size of "A. fragillimus", though he cautioned that relative proportions in diplodocids could vary from species to species. Assuming the same proportions as the well-known "Diplodocus", Carpenter presented an estimated total length of , which he noted fell within the range presented by Paul in 1994 (). Carpenter pointed out that even the lowest length estimates for "A. fragillimus" were higher than those for other giant sauropods, such as the diplodocid "Supersaurus" (), the brachiosaurid "Sauroposeidon" (), and the titanosaur "Argentinosaurus" (). Carpenter presented more speculative, specific proportions for "A. fragillimus" (again, based on a scaled-up "Diplodocus"), including a neck length of , a body length of , and a tail length of . He estimated the total forelimb height at and hind limb height at , and the overall height (at the highest point on the back) at . By comparison the blue whale, which is on average the longest living creature, reaches in length.
While "A. fragillimus" was relatively thin, its enormous size still made it very massive. Weight is much more difficult to determine than length in sauropods, as the more complex equations needed are prone to greater margins of error based on smaller variations in the overall proportions of the animal. Carpenter used Paul's 1994 estimate of the mass of "Diplodocus carnegii" () to speculate that "A. fragillimus" could have weighed up to . The heaviest blue whale on record weighed about , and the heaviest dinosaur known from reasonably good remains, "Argentinosaurus", weighed , although if the size estimates can be validated, it would still be lighter than "Bruhathkayosaurus", which is estimated to have weighed .
Classification.
Edward Drinker Cope described his finds in two 1878 issues of the "American Naturalist", and assigned them to the new genus "Amphicoelias". He placed it in a unique family, Amphicoeliidae, though this is now considered a "nomen oblitum" (forgotten name). The genus is usually assigned to the family Diplodocidae, though some modern analyses have found it at the base of the larger group Diplodocoidea or as a diplodocid "incertae sedis" (uncertain placement). The first named species in the genus, "Amphicoelias altus" (holotype specimen AMHD 5764), was discovered by Cope in 1877. But while it is only represented by a partial skeleton, there are enough diagnostic characteristics to provisionally define the genus. "A. altus" is known from better remains, but is smaller than "A. fragillimus". Cope also named a third species in 1878: "Amphicoelias latus".
Osborn and Mook, in 1921, provisionally synonymized the three species, sinking "A. latus" into "A. altus", and suggesting also that "A. fragillimus" is just a very large individual of "A. altus", a position McIntosh agreed with in 1998. Carpenter (2006) disagreed about the synonymy of "A. altus" and "A. fragillimus", however, citing numerous differences in the construction of the vertebra also noted by Cope, and suggested these differences are enough to warrant a separate species or even a separate genus for "A. fragillimus". However, he went on to caution that the validity of "A. fragillimus" as a separate species is nearly impossible to determine without the original specimen to study.
In 2007, John Foster suggested that the differences usually cited to differentiate "Amphicoelias altus" from the more well known "Diplodocus" are not significant and may be due to individual variation. Foster argued that "Amphicoelias" is probably the senior synonym of "Diplodocus", and that if further research bears this out, the familiar name "Diplodocus" would need to be abandoned in favor of "Amphicoelias", as was the case with "Brontosaurus" and its senior synonym "Apatosaurus".
Paleobiology.
In his 2006 re-evaluation, Carpenter examined the paleobiology of giant sauropods, including "Amphicoelias", and addresses the question of why this group attained such a huge size. He pointed out that gigantic sizes were reached early in sauropod evolution, with very large sized species present as early as the late Triassic Period, and concluded that whatever evolutionary pressure caused large size was present from the early origins of the group. Carpenter cited several studies of giant mammalian herbivores, such as elephants and rhinoceros, which showed that larger size in plant-eating animals leads to greater efficiency in digesting food. Since larger animals have longer digestive systems, food is kept in digestion for significantly longer periods of time, allowing large animals to survive on lower-quality food sources. This is especially true of animals with a large number of 'fermentation chambers' along the intestine which allow microbes to accumulate and ferment plant material, aiding digestion. Throughout their evolutionary history, sauropod dinosaurs were found primarily in semi-arid, seasonally dry environments, with a corresponding seasonal drop in the quality of food during the dry season. The environment of "Amphicoelias" was essentially a savanna, similar to the arid environments in which modern giant herbivores are found, supporting the idea that poor-quality food in an arid environment promotes the evolution of giant herbivores. Carpenter argued that other benefits of large size, such as relative immunity from predators, lower energy expenditure, and longer life span, are probably secondary advantages.
The Morrison Formation environment in which "Amphicoelias" lived would have resembled a modern savanna, though since grass did not appear until the Late Cretaceous, ferns were probably the dominant plant and main food source for "Amphicoelias". Though Engelmann "et al." (2004) dismissed ferns as a sauropod food source due to their relatively low caloric content, Carpenter argued that the sauropod digestive system, well adapted to handle low-quality food, allows for the consumption of ferns as a large part of the sauropod diet. Carpenter also noted that the occasional presence of large petrified logs indicate the presence of 20–30 m (65–100 ft) tall trees, which would seem to conflict with the savanna comparison. However, the trees are rare, and since tall trees require more water than the savanna environment could generally provide, they probably existed in narrow tracts or "gallery forests" along rivers and gulleys where water could accumulate. Carpenter speculated that giant herbivores like "Amphicoelias" may have used the shade of the gallery forests to stay cool during the day, and done most of their feeding on the open savanna at night.

</doc>
<doc id="20597724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597724" title="Marc Koninckx">
Marc Koninckx

Marc Koninckx is a Belgian cinematographer, member of the A.F.C. (French Society of Cinematographers). 
Born in Brussels (Belgium).
After having studied cinema at the R.I.T.C.S. ( Brussels), he graduated in 1983. He began his life's work as an assistant, then quickly emerged as a camera & steadicam operator, leading to a dazzling career. He collaborated with Louis Malle on Au revoir les enfants, Lewis Teague on "The Jewel of the Nile", Cyril Collard sur Les Nuits Fauves, Bertrand Blier on Merci la vie, Roman Polansky on Frantic, Patrice Chéreau on Queen Margot, Claude Berri on "Lucie Aubrac".
In 1993, he became 2nd unit director of photography for such films as Stealing Beauty » directed by Bernardo Bertolucci, A Far Off Place directed by Mikael Salomon and "French Kiss" directed by Lawrence Kasdan
Since 1998 Marc Koninckx moved up to 1st unit DOP. In 2008, with the film "Johnny Mad Dog", Prize of Hope at Cannes Film Festival, he participated successfully to make photographic aesthetics an element of the filming process.
Marc's recent work in Tamil film Maryan (film) released in 2013 earned him critical accolades for capturing contrasting backdrops such as the deserts in Africa and underwater sea in South India.
Filmography.
Director of photography 2nd Unit, camera operator, steadicam operator

</doc>
<doc id="20597734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597734" title="Ada County Highway District">
Ada County Highway District

The Ada County Highway District (ACHD) is the only countywide highway district in Idaho. Located in Garden City, Idaho, it is a Government agency established in the early 1970s as an independent government entity by a vote of the people.
Overview.
ACHD covers the entirety of Ada County, including the six cities within it, and is responsible for short-range planning, construction, maintenance and improvements to Ada County's local roads and bridges (excluding state highways like Eagle Road, Interstate 84, the Connector and overpasses, which are operated by the 
Idaho Transportation Department).
The District maintains and operates approximately 2,100 miles of roads and streets in Ada County, with an estimated value of three billion dollars. This infrastructure includes facilities that range from multi-lane, arterial streets with a computerized signal system, to narrow, farm-to-market roadways.
Organization.
Five Commissioners govern the District. Together, they are responsible for guiding the planning, development and implementation of transportation facilities throughout the county. Elections are held every two years on a rotating basis, and each Commissioner represents a separate subdistrict.
Because strong public involvement is crucial to the transportation planning process, the Commissioners and staff regularly host and attend meetings and public hearings to gather feedback from citizens. The Commissioners also hold regular public meetings at the District's headquarters, and participate in joint meetings with municipal and county officials.
An appointed Director, who serves as chief administrator, manages the District on a day-to-day basis. The Director is responsible for managing five departments: Administration, Engineering, Maintenance and Operations, Traffic, and Planning and Development, which combined, total nearly 300 employees.
Budget.
The Ada County Highway District's fiscal year begins October 1 and runs through the end of September. The ACHD Commission adopted the 2008-2009 Budget on August 27, 2008.
Proposed expenditures total $84.5 million for FY 2009 and they are projected to be $85.2 million in FY2010. This represents a 5% decrease from the last fiscal year.

</doc>
<doc id="20597745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597745" title="Birmingham City Organist">
Birmingham City Organist

Birmingham City Organist is an appointment made by the City of Birmingham. The purpose of the appointment is to have an organist for civic occasions and who will provide a series of free public organ recitals.
Birmingham Town Hall is the traditional home of the City Organist, and it was under one of the earliest City Organists, James Stimpson, that the popular weekly recitals began. So popular were the recitals that audiences of around 1,500 packed in every Monday evening in the 1840s.
The weekly recitals, now held on Monday at lunch time, have continued to the present day. With the re-opening of a renovated and rejuvenated Town Hall in October 2007 some concerts returned to their home in Town Hall, Birmingham with others performed at Symphony Hall, Birmingham on the Klais Orgelbau organ.

</doc>
<doc id="20597753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597753" title="Gale Wade">
Gale Wade

Galeard Lee Wade (born January 20, 1929) is a former center fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago Cubs in the 1955 and 1956 seasons.
Wade was originally signed as an amateur free agent pitcher by the Brooklyn Dodgers organization. He then was assigned to their Ponca City affiliate club of the Kansas-Oklahoma-Missouri League in 1947.
As a 18 year old rookie, Wade had a split season record while building a 10-9 record in 28 pitching appearances and hitting a .318 average in 59 games as an outfielder.
After that, the Dodgers organization felt that Wade, with his swift speed, would be more valuable to the organization as a everyday player. He made the switch to outfield, where he spent the rest of his professional baseball career. Wade would go on to lead four different circuits in stolen bases during his minor league career and twice in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League.
Wade also played in the Cleveland Indians, Cincinnati Reds, Kansas City Athletics and Milwaukee Braves minor league systems in all of part of fifteen seasons spanning 1953–1961. His most productive season came in 1955, when he posted a .292 average with career-highs in home runs (20), runs batted in (67) and stolen bases (67) in 120 games.
In addition, Wade played winter baseball with the Leones del Caracas, Navegantes del Magallanes and Indios de Oriente in Venezuela, where he built a fan base around him, earning the nickname "Galgo" (greyhound) for his flashy speed on the bases. In a four-season stint, he batted .304 and stole 44 bases in 163 games, and accompanied his pennant-winning Caracas to the 1953 Caribbean Series, where he batted .353.
Following his playing career, Wade lived and worked in Nebo, North Carolina, where he is a retired electrician and district manager for a rural electricity co-op.

</doc>
<doc id="20597766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597766" title="Rundle Academy">
Rundle Academy

Rundle Academy is a part of the Rundle College[http://www.rundle.ab.ca] Family of Schools. Rundle Academy (est. 1996) is an Independent School in Calgary, Alberta, that specializes in the instruction of students who have learning disabilities. Students at Rundle Academy typically have an average to above average intelligence but struggle in one or more areas of learning. As a result, the students typically underachieve in one of their core academic areas. 
The school has a population of 200 students in Grades 4-12. The classes at Rundle Academy range from 6 students per class in Elementary to 10 students per class in High School. Teachers utilize differentiated instruction and differentiated assessment to help their students achieve their personal best. All classrooms are equipped with assistive technology to help students. These technologies include: ActivBoards, SMART Boards, Neo personal word processors, laptop computers and desktop computers. Rundle Academy follows the Alberta Learning Curriculum and aims to have each of its students graduate with a High School Diploma.
Rundle Academy offers a wide range of options and extracurricular programs to its students. Some options that are available are Drama, Art, Outdoor Education, Fitness, and Home Economics. Athletic extracurricular activities include: Badminton, Wrestling, Cross Country Running, Football, Basketball, Volleyball, Floor Hockey and Track & Field.

</doc>
<doc id="20597776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597776" title="Alfred Biłyk">
Alfred Biłyk

Alfred Biłyk (born September 25, 1889 in Lwów, now Ukraine, died September 19, 1939 in Munkacs, Ukraine, then in Hungary) was a Polish lawyer, military officer, and politician, last Voivode of the Lwów Voivodeship. He committed suicide, when he realized that he would not be able to return to his hometown.
Bilyk was a graduate of a high school in Brzeżany, where he got to know another student of the school, Edward Rydz-Śmigły (both went to the same class and shared a bench). They became friends, joining together the Riflemen's Association and later, the Polish Legions. After World War I, Bilyk was nominated to the rank of major of the newly created Polish Army (on June 1, 1919) but following the Polish-Soviet War, he left the army and began studying law at the Jan Kazimierz University in Lwów. In 1923 or 1924, he opened a lawyer's office in Lwów.
A close associate of Rydz-Śmigły, Biłyk took advantage of the relationship, and was nominated to the post of Voivode of Tarnopol Voivodeship (July 15, 1936). A year later, on April 16, 1937, he advanced even further, becaming the Voivode of Lwów Voivodeship. 
On September 12, 1939, when first tanks of the Wehrmacht approached Lwów (see: Polish September Campaign, Battle of Lvov (1939)), Bilyk gave a famous speech, which was transmitted by the local radio station. He emphasized that Lwów, the city known as Semper Fidelis, would defend itself and that he himself would not abandon his post. However, three days later, the Prime Minister Felicjan Slawoj-Skladkowski ordered Bilyk to leave for Kuty, where the government of Poland was temporarily seated. From Kuty, Bilyk left Poland for Munkacs, which then belonged to Hungary.
On September 17, following the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, units of the Red Army, allied with the Nazis, crossed eastern border of Poland. Facing little resistance, as bulk of the Polish Army was engaged in the West, the Soviets quickly moved westwards. Bilyk twice tried to return to his native city, but failed. Upon realizing that fate of Lwów had been settled, he committed suicide on September 19, 1939, in room number 5 of the "Csillag" Hotel. Before shooting himself, Bilyk wrote a farewell note, which is now kept in the Polish Institute and Sikorski Museum in London. This is what he wrote:
I am asking that these words were announced, so that my honor would remain untainted. Above all, I want Marshall Rydz-Smigly, General Sosnkowski and inhabitants of my city of Lwów to know about this letter 

</doc>
<doc id="20597793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597793" title="Diplodocus">
Diplodocus

Diplodocus (,
, or )
is an extinct genus of diplodocid sauropod dinosaur whose fossils were first discovered in 1877 by S. W. Williston. The generic name, coined by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1878, is a Neo-Latin term derived from Greek ("diplos") "double" and (dokos) "beam", in reference to its double-beamed chevron bones located in the underside of the tail. These bones were initially believed to be unique to "Diplodocus"; however, they have since then been discovered in other members of the diplodocid family and in non-diplodocid sauropods such as "Mamenchisaurus".
This genus of dinosaurs lived in what is now western North America at the end of the Jurassic Period. "Diplodocus" is one of the more common dinosaur fossils found in the Upper Morrison Formation, a sequence of shallow marine and alluvial sediments deposited about 155 to 148 million years ago, in what is now termed the Kimmeridgian and Tithonian stages ("Diplodocus" itself ranged from about 154 to 150 million years ago). The Morrison Formation records an environment and time dominated by gigantic sauropod dinosaurs such as "Camarasaurus", "Barosaurus", "Apatosaurus" and "Brachiosaurus".
"Diplodocus" is among the most easily identifiable dinosaurs, with its classic dinosaur shape, long neck and tail and four sturdy legs. For many years, it was the longest dinosaur known. Its great size may have been a deterrent to the predators "Allosaurus" and "Ceratosaurus": their remains have been found in the same strata, which suggests they coexisted with "Diplodocus".
Description.
One of the best-known sauropods, "Diplodocus" was a very large long-necked quadrupedal animal, with a long, whip-like tail. Its forelimbs were slightly shorter than its hind limbs, resulting in a largely horizontal posture. The long-necked, long-tailed animal with four sturdy legs has been mechanically compared with a suspension bridge. In fact, "Diplodocus" is the longest dinosaur known from a complete skeleton. The partial remains of "D. hallorum" have increased the estimated length, though not as much as previously thought; when first described in 1991, discoverer David Gillette calculated it may have been up to 54 m (177 ft) long, making it the longest known dinosaur (excluding those known from exceedingly poor remains, such as "Amphicoelias"). Some weight estimates ranged as high as 113 tons (125 US short tons). The estimated length was later revised downward to based on findings that show that Gillette had originally misplaced vertebrae 12–19 at vertebrae 20–27. The nearly complete "Diplodocus" skeleton at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on which estimates of "Seismosaurus" are based, also was found to have had its 13th tail vertebra come from another dinosaur, throwing size estimates for "Seismosaurus" further off. While dinosaurs such as "Supersaurus" were probably longer, fossil remains of these animals are only fragmentary. Modern mass estimates for "Diplodocus" (exclusive of "D. hallorum") have tended to be in the 10 to 16 tonne (11–17.6 ton) range: 10 tonnes (11 tons); 11.5 tonnes (12.7 tons); 12.7 tonnes (14 tons); and 16 tonnes (17.6 tons).
The skull of "Diplodocus" was very small, compared with the size of the animal, which could reach up to , of which over was neck. "Diplodocus" had small, 'peg'-like teeth that pointed forward and were only present in the anterior sections of the jaws. Its braincase was small. The neck was composed of at least fifteen vertebrae and is now believed to have been generally held parallel to the ground and unable to have been elevated much past horizontal.
"Diplodocus" had an extremely long tail, composed of about 80 caudal vertebrae, which is almost double the number some of the earlier sauropods had in their tails (such as "Shunosaurus" with 43), and far more than contemporaneous macronarians had (such as "Camarasaurus" with 53). There has been speculation as to whether it may have had a defensive or noisemaking (by cracking it like a coachwhip) function. The tail may have served as a counterbalance for the neck. The middle part of the tail had 'double beams' (oddly shaped bones on the underside, which gave "Diplodocus" its name). They may have provided support for the vertebrae, or perhaps prevented the blood vessels from being crushed if the animal's heavy tail pressed against the ground. These 'double beams' are also seen in some related dinosaurs.
Like other sauropods, the manus (front "feet") of "Diplodocus" were highly modified, with the finger and hand bones arranged into a vertical column, horseshoe-shaped in cross section. "Diplodocus" lacked claws on all but one digit of the front limb, and this claw was unusually large relative to other sauropods, flattened from side to side, and detached from the bones of the hand. The function of this unusually specialized claw is unknown.
Discovery and species.
Several species of "Diplodocus" were described between 1878 and 1924. The first skeleton was found at Cañon City, Colorado by Benjamin Mudge and Samuel Wendell Williston in 1877, and was named "Diplodocus longus" ('long double-beam'), by paleontologist Othniel Charles Marsh in 1878. "Diplodocus" remains have since been found in the Morrison Formation of the western U.S. States of Colorado, Utah, Montana and Wyoming. Fossils of this animal are common, except for the skull, which is often missing from otherwise complete skeletons. Although not the type species, "D. carnegii" is the most completely known and most famous due to the large number of casts of its skeleton in museums around the world.
The two Morrison Formation sauropod genera "Diplodocus" and "Barosaurus" had very similar limb bones. In the past, many isolated limb bones were automatically attributed to "Diplodocus" but may, in fact, have belonged to "Barosaurus". Fossil remains of "Diplodocus" have been recovered from stratigraphic zone 5 of the Morrison Formation.
Paleobiology.
Due to a wealth of skeletal remains, "Diplodocus" is one of the best-studied dinosaurs. Many aspects of its lifestyle have been subjects of various theories over the years.
Habitat.
Marsh and then Hatcher assumed the animal was aquatic, because of the position of its nasal openings at the apex of the cranium. Similar aquatic behavior was commonly depicted for other large sauropods such as "Brachiosaurus" and "Apatosaurus". However, a 1951 study by Kenneth A. Kermack indicates that sauropods probably could not have breathed through their nostrils when the rest of the body was submerged, as the water pressure on the chest wall would be too great. Since the 1970s, general consensus has the sauropods as firmly terrestrial animals, browsing on trees, ferns and bushes.
Posture.
The depiction of "Diplodocus" posture has changed considerably over the years. For instance, a classic 1910 reconstruction by Oliver P. Hay depicts two "Diplodocus" with splayed lizard-like limbs on the banks of a river. Hay argued that "Diplodocus" had a sprawling, lizard-like gait with widely splayed legs, and was supported by Gustav Tornier. However, this hypothesis was contested by William Jacob Holland, who demonstrated that a sprawling "Diplodocus" would have needed a trench to pull its belly through. Finds of sauropod footprints in the 1930s eventually put Hay's theory to rest.
Later, diplodocids were often portrayed with their necks held high up in the air, allowing them to graze from tall trees. Studies using computer models have shown that neutral posture of the neck was horizontal, rather than vertical, and scientists such as Kent Stephens have used this to argue that sauropods including "Diplodocus" did not raise their heads much above shoulder level. A nuchal ligament may have held the neck in this position. However, subsequent studies demonstrated that all tetrapods appear to hold their necks at the maximum possible vertical extension when in a normal, alert posture, and argued that the same would hold true for sauropods barring any unknown, unique characteristics that set the soft tissue anatomy of their necks apart from other animals. One of the sauropod models in this study was "Diplodocus", which they found would have held its neck at about a 45-degree angle with the head pointed downwards in a resting posture.
As with the related genus "Barosaurus", the very long neck of "Diplodocus" is the source of much controversy among scientists. A 1992 Columbia University study of Diplodocid neck structure indicated that the longest necks would have required a 1.6 ton heart — a tenth of the animal's body weight. The study proposed that animals like these would have had rudimentary auxiliary 'hearts' in their necks, whose only purpose was to pump blood up to the next 'heart'.
While the long neck has traditionally been interpreted as a feeding adaptation, it was also suggested that the oversized neck of "Diplodocus" and its relatives may have been primarily a sexual display, with any other feeding benefits coming second. However, a 2011 study refuted this idea in detail.
Diet and feeding.
"Diplodocus" has highly unusual teeth compared to other sauropods. The crowns are long and slender, elliptical in cross-section, while the apex forms a blunt triangular point. The most prominent wear facet is on the apex, though unlike all other wear patterns observed within sauropods, "Diplodocus" wear patterns are on the labial (cheek) side of both the upper and lower teeth. What this means is "Diplodocus" and other diplodocids had a radically different feeding mechanism than other sauropods. Unilateral branch stripping is the most likely feeding behavior of "Diplodocus", as it explains the unusual wear patterns of the teeth (coming from tooth–food contact). In unilateral branch stripping, one tooth row would have been used to strip foliage from the stem, while the other would act as a guide and stabilizer. With the elongated preorbital (in front of the eyes) region of the skull, longer portions of stems could be stripped in a single action. Also the palinal (backwards) motion of the lower jaws could have contributed two significant roles to feeding behaviour: 1) an increased gape, and 2) allowed fine adjustments of the relative positions of the tooth rows, creating a smooth stripping action. 
Young "et al." (2012) used bio-mechanical modelling to examine the performance of the "Diplodocus" skull. It was concluded that the proposal that its dentition was used of bark-stripping was not supported by the data, which showed that under that scenario, the skull and teeth would undergo extreme stresses. However the hypotheses of branch-stripping and/or precision biting were both shown to be bio-mechanically plausible feeding behaviors. "Diplodocus" teeth were also continually replaced throughout its life, usually in less than 35 days, as was discovered by Michael D'Emic "et al." Within each tooth socket, as many as five replacement teeth were developing to replace the next one. Studies of the teeth also reveal that it preferred different vegetation than the other sauropods of the Morrison, such as "Camarasaurus". This may have better allowed the various species of sauropod to exist without competition.
With a laterally and dorsoventrally flexible neck, and the possibility of using its tail and rearing up on its hind limbs (tripodal ability), "Diplodocus" would have had the ability to browse at many levels (low, medium, and high), up to approximately 10 metres (33 ft) from the ground. The neck's range of movement would have also allowed the head to graze below the level of the body, leading some scientists to speculate on whether "Diplodocus" grazed on submerged water plants, from riverbanks. This concept of the feeding posture is supported by the relative lengths of front and hind limbs. Furthermore, its peglike teeth may have been used for eating soft water plants.
In 2010, Whitlock "et al." described a juvenile skull of "Diplodocus" (CM 11255) that differs greatly from adult skulls of the same genus: its snout is not blunt, and the teeth are not confined to the front of the snout. These differences suggest that adults and juveniles were feeding differently. Such an ecological difference between adults and juveniles had not been previously observed in sauropodomorphs.
Other anatomical aspects.
The head of "Diplodocus" has been widely depicted with the nostrils on top due to the position of the nasal openings at the apex of the skull. There has been speculation over whether such a configuration meant that "Diplodocus" may have had a trunk. A 2006 study surmised there was no paleoneuroanatomical evidence for a trunk. It noted that the facial nerve in an animal with a trunk, such as an elephant, is large as it innervates the trunk. The evidence suggests that the facial nerve is very small in "Diplodocus". Studies by Lawrence Witmer (2001) indicated that, while the nasal openings were high on the head, the actual, fleshy nostrils were situated much lower down on the snout.
Recent discoveries have suggested that "Diplodocus" and other diplodocids may have had narrow, pointed keratinous spines lining their back, much like those on an iguana. This radically different look has been incorporated into recent reconstructions, notably "Walking with Dinosaurs". It is unknown exactly how many diplodocids had this trait, and whether it was present in other sauropods.
Reproduction and growth.
While there is no evidence for "Diplodocus" nesting habits, other sauropods such as the titanosaurian "Saltasaurus" have been associated with nesting sites. The titanosaurian nesting sites indicate that may have laid their eggs communally over a large area in many shallow pits, each covered with vegetation. It is possible that "Diplodocus" may have done the same. The documentary "Walking with Dinosaurs" portrayed a mother "Diplodocus" using an ovipositor to lay eggs, but it was pure speculation on the part of the documentary.
Based on a number of bone histology studies, "Diplodocus", along with other sauropods, grew at a very fast rate, reaching sexual maturity at just over a decade, and continued to grow throughout their lives.
Daily activity patterns.
Comparisons between the scleral rings of "Diplodocus" and modern birds and reptiles suggest that it may have been cathemeral, active throughout the day at short intervals.
Classification.
"Diplodocus" is both the type genus of, and gives its name to Diplodocidae, the family to which it belongs. Members of this family, while still massive, are of a markedly more slender build when compared with other sauropods, such as the titanosaurs and brachiosaurs. All are characterised by long necks and tails and a horizontal posture, with forelimbs shorter than hindlimbs. Diplodocids flourished in the Late Jurassic of North America and possibly Africa.
A subfamily, Diplodocinae, was erected to include "Diplodocus" and its closest relatives, including "Barosaurus". More distantly related is the contemporaneous "Apatosaurus", which is still considered a diplodocid although not a diplodocine, as it is a member of the subfamily Apatosaurinae. The Portuguese "Dinheirosaurus" and the African "Tornieria" have also been identified as close relatives of "Diplodocus" by some authors.
The Diplodocoidea comprises the diplodocids, as well as dicraeosaurids, rebbachisaurids, "Suuwassea", "Amphicoelias" and possibly "Haplocanthosaurus", and/or the nemegtosaurids. This clade is the sister group to, "Camarasaurus", brachiosaurids and titanosaurians; the Macronaria.
The following cladogram is based on the phylogenetic analysis conducted by Whitlock in 2011, showing the relationships of "Diplodocus" among the other genera assigned to the taxon Diplodocidae:
In popular culture.
"Diplodocus" has been a famous and much-depicted dinosaur as it has been on display in more places than any other sauropod dinosaur. Much of this has probably been due to its wealth of skeletal remains and former status as the longest dinosaur. However, the donation of many mounted skeletal casts by industrialist Andrew Carnegie to potentates around the world at the beginning of the twentieth century did much to familiarize it to people worldwide. Casts of "Diplodocus" skeletons are still displayed in many museums worldwide, including an unusual "D. hayi" in the Houston Museum of Natural Science, and "D. carnegii" in a number of institutions.
This includes donations by Carnegie or his trust to:
This project, along with its association with 'big science', philanthropism and capitalism, drew much public attention in Europe. The German satirical weekly "Kladderadatsch" devoted a poem to the dinosaur:
... Auch ein viel älterer Herr noch muß 
Den Wanderburschen spielen
Er ist genannt Diplodocus‚ und zählt zu den Fossilen 
Herr Carnegie verpackt ihn froh 
In riesengroße Archen
Und schickt als Geschenk ihn so
An mehrere Monarchen ...
(Translation: ... But even a much older gent • Sees itself forced to wander • Goes by the name Diplodocus • And belongs among the fossils • Mr. Carnegie packs him joyfully • In giant arcs • And sends him as gift this way • To multiple monarchs ...) "Le diplodocus" became a generic term for sauropods in French, much as "brontosaur" is in English.
"D. longus" is displayed the Senckenberg Museum in Frankfurt (a skeleton made up of several specimens, donated in 1907 by the American Museum of Natural History), Germany. A mounted and more complete skeleton of "D. longus" is at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., while a mounted skeleton of "D. hallorum" (formerly "Seismosaurus"), which may be the same as "D. longus", can be found at the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science.
"Diplodocus" has been a frequent subject in dinosaur films, both factual and fictional. It was featured in the second episode of the award-winning BBC television series "Walking with Dinosaurs". The episode "Time of the Titans" follows the life of a simulated "Diplodocus" 152 million years ago. In literature, James A. Michener's book "Centennial" has a chapter devoted to "Diplodocus", narrating the life and death of one individual.

</doc>
<doc id="20597806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597806" title="Torsten Mattuschka">
Torsten Mattuschka

Torsten Mattuschka (born 4 October 1980) is a German footballer currently playing for 1. FC Union Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20597826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597826" title="Vauclain compound">
Vauclain compound

The Vauclain compound was a type of compound steam locomotive that was briefly popular around 1900. Developed at the Baldwin Locomotive Works, it featured two pistons moving in parallel, driving a common crosshead and controlled by a common valve gear using a single, complex piston valve.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The claimed advantage for this arrangement, as with other compounding arrangements, was greater economy due to lower fuel and water consumption. In practice uneven forces at the crosshead produced excess wear, with increased maintenance costs thus offsetting any fuel economies. The integration of the compounding system into the smokebox saddle made conversion to conventional engines straightforward, so most Vauclain compounds were so converted and led normal lives thereafter. The only known operable example is Manitou and Pikes Peak Railway #4, which is preserved on-site along with the static display of its sister #5.
Design.
The key to the Vauclain compound is its valve system. In essence, there is an extra system of valves, concentric with the usual middle steam passage in conventional single expansion piston valves. This passage connects the high pressure cylinder exhaust to the low pressure cylinder intake. The driving pistons are rigidly connected to either side of the crosshead, so that they move in concert. As high pressure steam is admitted to one side of the high pressure cylinder, the low pressure steam exhausted from the other side is passed through the valves to the opposite side of the engine and into the low pressure cylinder; finally the exhaust steam from the opposite side of the low pressure cylinder escapes through the center part of the valve to the blastpipe.
The high and low pressure cylinders were mounted in vertical line with each other, with the piston rods in parallel. Usually the low pressure cylinder was on the bottom, but clearance issues sometimes caused it to be put on the top. In the former case, the valve cylinder was mounted directly inboard from the high pressure cylinder; in the latter case, the valves were also placed inboard, but at a level between the two power cylinders. The placement of the valves necessitated an inside-connected valve gear, and the Stephenson pattern was used (being the dominant type of the era anyway). One extra appliance required was a starting valve, manually controlled, which allowed admission of high pressure boiler steam directly to the low pressure intake. Without this, the low pressure cylinders would have to actually work against atmospheric pressure.
Each side of the locomotive had its own separate engine, as with conventional locomotives. This eliminated the connections between sides characteristic of cross-compound engines, where the low and high pressure cylinders were on opposite sides. The direct flow of steam between the high and low pressure cylinders on each side of the locomotive eliminated the need for a receiving chamber to store the steam. It also avoided subjecting the locomotive frame to unequal forces from separate high and low pressure sides. The whole package was compact and took up little more space than conventional equipment. Indeed, at first glance from the side the Vauclain compound can be mistaken for a conventional simple locomotive; the only giveaways are the unusual arrangement of the crosshead and (viewed from the front) the extra cylinder.
The scheme did not produce a more powerful locomotive; the maximum practical tractive force was governed by the weight on the drivers, and this did not change. The advantage was efficiency: the compounding reduced the steam required for the same performance. According to Baldwin's standard sizing tables, the high pressure cylinder on the compound was about 70% the diameter of the single cylinder of the conventional engine; therefore, steam consumption for the same stroke and degree of cutoff was about half that of the conventional engine. In practice lesser results were generally achieved, with Baldwin in 1900 reporting trials by various railroads showing fuel savings of 17% to 45%. In order to produce symmetrical forces, the low pressure cylinders had to be about 66% larger in diameter than the high, or about 20% larger than conventional cylinders; for small drivers this could lead to the clearance issues mentioned earlier, thus requiring the low pressure cylinders to be on top.
History.
The Vauclain compound was introduced in 1889 through by its namesake and the then general superintendent of Baldwin and eventually president of the company, Samuel M. Vauclain. Soon most Baldwin customers were operating some examples; a brochure from 1900 lists sales to 140 customers, including large fleets to such Class I railroads as the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway, the Erie Railroad, the Lehigh Valley Railroad, the Norfolk and Western Railway, and the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad. Many other lines purchased one or two as samples. Vauclain was awarded the Elliott Cresson Medal of the Franklin Institute in 1891 for the locomotive design; in recommending award, the reviewing committee wrote, "Your committee, in conclusion, find that in view of the state of art, the Vauclain compound locomotive is a distinctly new and original type of locomotive. It is the most marked departure from the usual construction of engines, that has elicited general satisfaction wherever introduced, and in view of the reliable and satisfactory performance in service under the largest variations of conditions, immunity from total disablement, ready adaptability within limits of space incapable of accommodating other compound engines, and general applicability to and utility in railway service, it is, in the opinion of your committee, deserving of recognition by the award of the Elliott Cresson Medal of the Franklin Institute, which they hereby recommend."
This popularity, however, was short-lived. Significant maintenance difficulties appeared, particularly with uneven forces wear on the crosshead guides. The two cylinders were supposed to be proportioned so as to do equal work (with the low pressure being three times larger than the high); but since the steam passed between the low and high pressure cylinder is always expanded, even before cutoff, the force produced in the low pressure cylinder varies differently from that in the high pressure cylinder. The complex valve assembly and the starter valve also led to increased maintenance costs. The introduction of the superheater was the final nail in the coffin, as it increased efficiency further and was much easier to maintain.
All of the compounding machinery was contained in the valve chest, which in American locomotives (in the days before one piece cast frames) was integral with the smokebox saddle. The whole unit therefore could be unbolted and replaced with conventional single expansion cylinders. That was the typical fate of Vauclain compounds: when the time came for a major overhaul, the compound machinery and Stephenson valve gear were removed, and the engine was rebuilt with superheating, Walschaerts valve gear, and conventional cylinders.
Ironically, two of the four surviving Manitou and Pike's Peak Railway locomotives were converted "to" compounding after experience with M&PP #4, built in 1893 and at present the only operating Vauclain compound. (Vauclain himself had travelled to the line to deal with operational issues with the original engines in their pre-compounding state.) All six steam locomotives of the line were of this type.
Europe.
The Vauclain system was also used in Europe and a Danish example (DSB 996) is preserved at Railworld, Peterborough, England.
88 Baldwin-built locomotives, from 1912 designated as V class (for Vauclain, В in Russian), were used in Russia from 1896 until 1920s on several railroads.
New Zealand.
Seven Vauclain compounds were supplied to the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company (WMR) which operated the Wellington - Manawatu Line in New Zealand. WMR No. 13, built in 1894, was the first compound in New Zealand and the first narrow-gauge compound in the world. In 1908 No. 13 was classified as the NZR Oa class when the WMR was nationalised. Later Vauclain compounds purchased by the WMR were the NZR Na class (No. 14 of 1894 & No. 15 of 1896); NZR Nc class (No. 5 (1901) & No. 18 of 1904); NZR Oc class (No. 16 of 1896); and NZR Bc class (No. 17 of 1901). 
Although standard-gauge compounds usually had the larger low-pressure cylinder on each side below the high-pressure cylinder, this was reversed on narrow-gauge locomotives with the low-pressure cylinder above the high-pressure cylinder to provide greater clearance from platforms.
Bibliography.
Description, Method of Operation and Maintenance of the Vauclain System of Compound Locomotives ISBN 978-1-935700-15-9

</doc>
<doc id="20597849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597849" title="Severan art">
Severan art

Severan art is art production by the Roman Empire under the Severan dynasty, usually taken as running from 193 to 235, through the emperors Septimius Severus, Caracalla, Heliogabalus and Alexander Severus. Official Roman art of the military anarchy which followed, ending in 253 with Gallienus, has no character of its own and so can be seen as a continuation of Severan art, and so that art can be seen as running for the whole first half of the 3rd century.
In this period began the process that ended in the rupture between Roman art and that of Late Antiquity, the watershed between classical art and that of Byzantium and the Middle Ages. Some of Severan art's products saw the emergence of obvious elements from plebeian art and provincial art, whilst in other areas traditionally Hellenistic elements were kept alive longer, such as in portraiture, which flourished in this period with masterpieces of great psychological depth.

</doc>
<doc id="20597866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597866" title="Gábor Novák">
Gábor Novák

Gábor Novák (born August 14, 1934) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won a silver medal in the C-1 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20597868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597868" title="Daniel Schulz">
Daniel Schulz

Daniel Schulz (born 21 February 1986 in Berlin) is a German footballer currently playing for SV Sandhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="20597891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597891" title="Abdel Al-Rashid">
Abdel Al-Rashid

Abdel Ahmed Al-Rashid (born December 27, 1927) is an Egyptian wrestler.
Career.
Al-Rashid competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal in the wrestling event.

</doc>
<doc id="20597938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597938" title="Bulgaria–Italy relations">
Bulgaria–Italy relations

Bulgaria–Italy relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Italy. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1879. Bulgaria has an embassy in Rome, a general consulate in Milan and 6 honorary consulates (in Ancona, Florence, Genoa, Naples, Turin and Treviso). Italy has an embassy in Sofia and an honorary consulate in Plovdiv.
Both countries are full members of the European Union and of NATO.

</doc>
<doc id="20597943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597943" title="Squatter's Cabin">
Squatter's Cabin

The Squatter's Cabin is the only remnant of the Kaweah Colony, a socialist utopian group established in the Sierra Nevada in the 1880s. Now located in Sequoia National Park, the one-room log structure is located at Huckleberry Meadow near the Giant Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20597989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597989" title="African bush elephant">
African bush elephant

The African bush elephant ("Loxodonta africana") is the larger of the two species of African elephant. Both it and the African forest elephant have usually been classified as a single species, known simply as the African elephant, but recent evidence has seen the forest elephant classified as a distinct species. Some authorities still consider the currently available evidence as insufficient for splitting African elephants into two species.
Description.
African bush elephants are the largest living terrestrial animals, being up to tall at the shoulders (a male shot in 1974); on average males are tall at the shoulders and in weight, while females are much smaller at tall and in weight.
Diet.
The African bush elephant is herbivorous. Its diet varies according to its habitat; elephants living in forests, partial deserts, and grasslands all eat different proportions of herbs and tree or shrubbery leaves. Elephants inhabiting the shores of Lake Kariba have been recorded eating underwater plant life. To break down the plants it consumes, the African bush elephant has four large molars, two in each mandible of the jaw. Each of these molars is wide and long. Over time, these molars are worn away, and new ones are grown to replace them as the elephant ages. Around the age of 15, the milk teeth are replaced by new ones that last until the age of 30, and then by another set which wear off past the age of 40, being replaced by the last set of teeth that last until about the age of 65–70. Not much later, the animal dies of starvation from not being able to feed correctly. Specimens over 80 years old are known in captivity.
This species typically ingests an average of of vegetable matter daily, which is defecated without being fully digested. That, combined with the long distances it can cover daily in search of more food, contributes notably to the dispersion of many plant seeds that germinate in the middle of a nutrient-filled feces mound. Elephants rip apart all kind of plants, and knock down trees with the tusks if they are not able to reach the tree leaves. Elephants also drink great quantities of water, over per day.
Social behavior.
Herds are made up of related females and their young, directed by the eldest female, called the matriarch. Infrequently, an adult male goes with them, but those usually leave the herd when reaching adolescence to form bachelor herds with other elephants of the same age. Later, they lead a solitary life, approaching the female herds only during the mating season. Nevertheless, elephants do not get too far from their families and recognize them when re-encountered. Sometimes, several female herds can blend for a period of time, reaching even hundreds of individuals. The matriarch decides the route and has shown the other members of the herd all the water sources she knows, which the rest can memorize for the future. The relations among the members of the herd are very tight; when a female gives birth to a baby, the rest of the herd acknowledges it by touching her with their trunks. When an old elephant dies, the rest of the herd stays by the corpse for a while. The famous elephant graveyards are false, but these animals have recognized a carcass of their species when they found one during their trips, and even if it was a stranger, they formed around it, and sometimes they even touched its forehead with their trunks.
Mating happens when the female becomes receptive, an event that can occur anytime during the year. When she is ready, she starts emitting infrasounds to attract the males, sometimes from kilometers away. The adult males start arriving at the herd during the following days and begin fighting, causing some injuries and even broken tusks. The female shows her acceptance of the victor by rubbing her body against his. They mate, and then both go their own way. After 22 months of gestation (the longest among mammals), the female gives birth to a single 90-cm-high calf which weighs more than 100 kg. The baby feeds on the mother's milk until the age of five, but also eats solid food from as early as six months old. Just a few days after birth, the calf can follow the herd by foot.
Like all species of elephant, the male African bush elephant experiences musth, a period of extreme aggression accompanied with high testosterone levels. A bull in musth has been known to attack anything which disturbs him including his family members, humans, and other passive animals such as giraffes and rhinoceros. In one case a young male African bush elephant has been witnessed killing a rhinoceros during musth.
Predators.
The adult African bush elephant generally has no natural predators (other than humans) due to its great size, but the calves (especially the newborns) are vulnerable to lion and crocodile attacks, and (rarely) to leopard and hyena attacks. Some prides of lions prey on both infants and juveniles, especially in the drought months. Lions in Chobe National Park in Botswana have been observed for some time taking both infants (23% of elephant kills) and juveniles. Predation, as well as drought, contribute significantly to infant mortality.
Humans are the elephant's major predator. They have been hunted for meat, skin, bones, and tusks. Trophy hunting increased in the 19th and 20th centuries, when tourism and plantations increasingly attracted sport hunters. In 1989, hunting of the African bush elephant for ivory trading was forbidden, after the elephant population fell from several million at the beginning of the 20th century to fewer than 700,000. Trophy hunting continues today. The population of African bush elephants was halved during the 1980s. Scientists then estimated, if no protective measures were taken, the wild elephant would be extinct by 1995. The protection the elephant now receives has been partially successful, but despite increasingly severe penalties imposed by governments against illegal hunting, poaching is still common. CITES still considers this species as threatened with extinction.
Species differences.
A 2010 genetic study confirmed the African bush elephant and the African forest elephant are distinct species. By sequencing DNA of 375 nuclear genes, scientists determined the two species diverged around the same time as the Asian elephant and the woolly mammoth, and are as distinct from one another as those two species. , conservation organizations, such as the United Nations Environment Programme's World Conservation Monitoring Centre and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), had not distinguished between the two species of African elephants for purposes of assessing their conservation status. , the IUCN Red List classified African elephants as a whole as vulnerable species and the Central African elephant population (forest elephants) as Endangered.
Another possible species or subspecies formerly existed; although formally described it has not been widely recognized by the scientific community. The North African elephant ("L. a. pharaohensis"), also known as the Carthaginian elephant or Atlas elephant, was the animal famously used as a war elephant by Carthage in its long struggle against Rome.
Conservation.
While the species is designated as vulnerable, conditions vary somewhat by region between East and Southern Africa. The populations in Southern Africa are thought to be increasing at 4% per annum whilst other populations are decreasing 
In 2006, an elephant slaughter was documented in southeastern Chad by aerial surveys. A series of poaching incidents, resulting in the killing of over 100 elephants, was carried out during the late spring and summer of 2006 in the vicinity of Zakouma National Park. This region has a decades-old history of poaching of elephants, which has caused the population of the region, which exceeded 300,000 in 1970, to drop to about 10,000 today. The African bush elephant officially is protected by Chadian government, but the resources and manpower provided by the government (with some European Union assistance) have proven insufficient to stop the poaching.
Human encroachment into or adjacent to natural areas where the African bush elephant occurs has led to recent research into methods of safely driving groups of elephants away from humans, including the discovery that playback of the recorded sounds of angry honey bees are remarkably effective at prompting elephants to flee an area.

</doc>
<doc id="20597993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597993" title="Georgia–Italy relations">
Georgia–Italy relations

Georgia–Italy relations are foreign relations between Georgia and Italy. Both countries established diplomatic relations on May 11, 1992. Georgia has an embassy in Rome. Italy has an embassy in Tbilisi. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe.
During the 2008 South Ossetia war, the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs Franco Frattini said "We cannot create an anti-Russia coalition in Europe, and on this point we are close to Putin's position" he also stressed that Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was a close ally of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin of Russia. On 8 August, the Italian Government issued a statement reporting that "In close coordination with its European Union and Atlantic partners, the Italian Government is following the crisis situation that has developed in South Ossetia with grave concern" and that "Italy calls on all parties to bring an immediate end to the violence and reach a lasting cessation of hostilities. It strongly encourages a resumption of negotiations for a political solution to the problem with due respect for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity". Later, on 10 August, after contacts with the US Secretary of State, the French Foreign Minister and the Finnish Minister for Foreign Affairs, the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs reiterated this invitation. In a 11 August interview with the La Stampa newspaper, the Italian Foreign Ministry reported about the direct involvement of Silvio Berlusconi, Prime Minister of Italy: "Sarkozy phoned Putin in his capacity as current President of the European Union, and 10 minutes later he phoned Berlusconi. ‘Silvio, you speak to Vladimir too’, he said, ‘explain that we’re not anti-Russian and we all want Moscow to be close to the EU’. In his conversation with Berlusconi, Putin reiterated his position: that Russia had every right to intervene in Georgia”, and made a reference about an eventual deployment of Italian troops: "If, after his meetings in Tbilisi and Moscow, Kouchner submits a proposal to the European Council of Foreign Ministers on Wednesday, and it’s approved, we’ll take it into consideration. There are a lot of ‘ifs’, and we’d need in any case to redistribute our forces, which are finite, by redeploying them from other international missions. Humanitarian aid for South Ossetia, on the other hand, is ready as of now".

</doc>
<doc id="20597996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20597996" title="A Writing Kind of Day">
A Writing Kind of Day

A Writing Kind of Day: Poems for Young Poets is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, illustrated by April Ward. It was first published in 2005.
Summary.
A young writer's experiences are described in twenty seven mostly free verse poems. Topics included are roadkill, Venus Flytraps, a grandmothers senility. Others discuss snow angels, little brothers and "Ma".
Reception.
Sharon R. Strock in her review for Library Media Connection said "Powerful words. Thinking words. Poetic words. As readers go through Ralph
Fletcher’s book, they step into worlds far away—worlds found in their imaginations, their memories, and their hearts." And that "the poems are enhanced with equally intriguing b&w photos and drawings that are simple, curious, humorous, and magical. The cover with the only color found in the
book doesn’t match the content, which is disappointing." Jennifer Mattson in her review for Booklist said that the poems in the book "subvert the notion that poetry requires lofty themes and rarified language; many satire the dry, technical manner in which the genre is often taught, involving rote memorization of forms (which the narrator imagines getting munched by a poem-gobbler whose ingestion of haiku, cinquains, and sonnets require "some onomatopoeia / to cure diarrhea." and that "some readers may wish for flashier visuals than the understated, black-and-white drawings and photos, but others will find inspiration here to declare, like Fletcher's confident your writer, that "poems are not extinct"." Lee Bock in his review for School Library Journal said "what emerges is a picture of a young writer at work, looking closely at the world, making connections, and seeing the depth and beauty of everyday events and people. Ward's black-and-white illustrations use a variety of mediums, including pencil, photography, computer-generated images, and ink. Many aspiring poets will see the reflection of their own creative spirits and aspirations in this lovely collection."

</doc>
<doc id="20598015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598015" title="Brachiosaurus">
Brachiosaurus

Brachiosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Jurassic Morrison Formation of North America. It was first described by Elmer S. Riggs in 1903 from fossils found in the Grand River Canyon (now Colorado River) of western Colorado, in the United States. Riggs named the dinosaur "Brachiosaurus altithorax", declaring it "the largest known dinosaur". "Brachiosaurus" had a proportionally long neck, small skull, and large overall size, all of which are typical for sauropods. However, the proportions of "Brachiosaurus" are unlike most sauropods - the forelimbs were longer than the hindlimbs, which resulted in a steeply inclined trunk. Also, while the tail is a typical long dinosaur tail, it was relatively short for a sauropod.
"Brachiosaurus" is the namesake genus of the family Brachiosauridae, which includes a handful of other similar sauropods. Much of what is known by laypeople about "Brachiosaurus" is in fact based on "Giraffatitan brancai", a species of brachiosaurid dinosaur from the Tendaguru Formation of Tanzania that was originally described by German paleontologist Werner Janensch as a species of "Brachiosaurus". Recent research shows that the differences between the type species of "Brachiosaurus" and the Tendaguru material are significant enough that the African material should be placed in a separate genus. Several other potential species of "Brachiosaurus" have been described from Africa and Europe, but none of them are thought to belong to "Brachiosaurus" at this time.
"Brachiosaurus" is one of the rarer sauropods of the Morrison Formation. The type specimen of "B. altithorax" is still the most complete specimen, and only a relative handful of other specimens are thought to belong to the genus. It is regarded as a high browser, probably cropping or nipping vegetation as high as possibly off of the ground. Unlike other sauropods, and its depiction in the film "Jurassic Park", it was unsuited for rearing on its hindlimbs. It has been used as an example of a dinosaur that was most likely ectothermic due to its large size and the corresponding need for forage, but more recent research finds it to have been warm-blooded.
Description.
Like all sauropod dinosaurs, "Brachiosaurus" was a quadrupedal animal with a small skull, a long neck, a large trunk with a high-ellipsoid cross section, a long, muscular tail and slender, columnar limbs. The skull had a robust, wide muzzle and thick jaw bones, with spoon–shaped teeth. As in "Giraffatitan", there was an arch of bone over the snout and in front of the eyes that encircled the nasal opening, although this arch was not as large as in its relative. Large air sacs connected to the lung system were present in the neck and trunk, invading the vertebrae and ribs, greatly reducing the overall density. Unusually for a sauropod, the forelimbs were longer than the hind limbs. The humerus (upper arm bone) of "Brachiosaurus" was relatively lightly built for its size, measuring in length in the type specimen. The femur (thigh bone) of the type specimen was only long. Unlike other sauropods, "Brachiosaurus" appears to have been slightly sprawled at the shoulder joint, and the ribcage was unusually deep. This led to the trunk being inclined, with the front much higher than the hips, and the neck exiting the trunk at a steep angle. Overall, this shape resembles a giraffe more than any other living animal.
Size.
Because "Brachiosaurus" "brancai" ("Giraffatitan") is known from much more complete material than "B. altithorax", most size estimates for "Brachiosaurus" are actually for the African form. There is an additional element of uncertainty for North American "Brachiosaurus" because the most complete skeleton appears to have come from a subadult. Over the years, the mass of "B. altithorax" has been estimated as , , and, most recently, . In the first and last cases, the authors also provided estimates for "Giraffatitan", and found that genus to be somewhat lighter ( for Paul name=paul1988/> and for Taylor [2009). The length of "Brachiosaurus" has been estimated at .
Classification.
"Brachiosaurus" is the namesake genus of Brachiosauridae. Over the years, a number of sauropods have been assigned to Brachiosauridae, such as "Astrodon", "Bothriospondylus", "Dinodocus", "Pelorosaurus", "Pleurocoelus", and "Ultrasaurus", but most of these are currently regarded as dubious or of uncertain placement. A phylogenetic analysis of sauropods published in the description of "Abydosaurus" found that genus to form a clade with "Brachiosaurus" and "Giraffatitan" (included in "Brachiosaurus"). A more recent analysis focused on possible Asian brachiosaurid material found a clade including "Abydosaurus", "Brachiosaurus", "Cedarosaurus", "Giraffatitan", and "Paluxysaurus", but not "Qiaowanlong", the putative Asian brachiosaurid. Related genera include "Lusotitan" and "Sauroposeidon". Brachiosauridae is situated at the base of Titanosauriformes, a group of sauropods that also includes the titanosaurs.
According to the revised diagnosis by Taylor, "Brachiosaurus altithorax" is diagnosed by a plethora of characters, many to be found on the dorsal (back) vertebrae. Among the characters placing it in the family Brachiosauridae are a ratio of humerus length to femur length of at least 0.9 (i.e. the upper arm bone is at least nearly as long as the thigh bone), and a very flattened femur shaft (ratio ≥1.85).
Cladogram of Brachiosauridae after D'Emic (2012).
Discovery and history.
The genus "Brachiosaurus", and type species "B. altithorax", are based on a partial postcranial skeleton from Fruita, in the valley of the Colorado River of western Colorado. This specimen was collected from rocks of the Brushy Basin Member of the Morrison Formation in 1900 by Elmer S. Riggs and his crew from the Field Columbian Museum (now the Field Museum of Natural History) of Chicago. It is currently cataloged as FMNH P 25107. Riggs and company were working in the area as a result of favorable correspondence between Riggs and S. M. Bradbury, a dentist in nearby Grand Junction. In 1899, Riggs had sent inquiries to rural locations in the western United States concerning fossil finds, and Bradbury, an amateur collector himself, reported that dinosaur bones had been collected in the area since 1885. It was Riggs' field assistant H. W. Menke who found FMNH P 25107, on July 4, 1900. The locality, Riggs Quarry 13, was found on a small hill later known as Riggs Hill; it is marked by a plaque. Additional "Brachiosaurus" fossils are reported on Riggs Hill, but other fossil finds on the hill have been vandalized. Riggs published a short report in 1901, noting the unusual length of the humerus compared to the femur and the extreme overall size and the resulting giraffe-like proportions, as well as the lesser development of the tail, but did not publish a name for the new dinosaur. The titles of Riggs (1901) and (1903) suggested that the specimen was the largest known dinosaur. Riggs followed his 1903 publication that named "Brachiosaurus altithorax" with a more detailed description in a monograph in 1904.
The Fruita skeleton was not the first discovery of "Brachiosaurus" bones, although it was the first to be recognized as belonging to a new and distinct animal. In 1883, a sauropod skull was found near Garden Park, Colorado, at Felch Quarry 1, and was sent to Othniel Charles Marsh (of "Bone Wars" fame). Marsh incorporated the skull into his skeletal restoration of "Brontosaurus" (now "Apatosaurus"). It eventually became part of the collections of the National Museum of Natural History, as USNM 5730. In the 1970s, when Jack McIntosh and David Berman were working on the issue of the true skull of "Apatosaurus", they reevaluated the Garden Park skull as more similar to "Camarasaurus". It was described and recognized as a "Brachiosaurus" skull in 1998 by Kenneth Carpenter and Virginia Tidwell, intermediate in form between "Camarasaurus" and "Giraffatitan brancai" (then still considered to be "B. brancai"). Because there are no overlapping parts between this skull and FMNH P 25107, it cannot be confidently assigned to a species, so it is classified as "Brachiosaurus" sp.
Additional discoveries of "Brachiosaurus" material in North America have been uncommon and consist of a handful of bones. Material has been described from Colorado, Oklahoma, Utah, and Wyoming, and undescribed material has been mentioned from several other sites. One of these specimens, a shoulder blade from Dry Mesa Quarry, Colorado, is one of the specimens at the center of the "Supersaurus"/"Ultrasauros" issue of the 1980s and 1990s. In 1985, James A. Jensen described disarticulated sauropod remains from the quarry as belonging to several taxa, including the new genera "Supersaurus" and "Ultrasaurus", the latter renamed "Ultrasauros" shortly thereafter because another sauropod already had the name. Later study showed that the "ultrasaur" material mostly belonged to "Supersaurus", although the shoulder blade did not. Because the holotype of "Ultrasauros", a back vertebra, was one of the specimens that was actually from "Supersaurus", the name "Ultrasauros" is a synonym of "Supersaurus". The shoulder blade is now assigned to "Brachiosaurus", but the species is uncertain. In addition, the Dry Mesa "ultrasaur" was not as large as had been thought; the dimensions of the shoulder's coracoid bone indicate that the animal was smaller than Riggs' original specimen of "Brachiosaurus".
Etymology.
Riggs derived the genus name from the Greek "brachion"/βραχιων meaning "arm" and "sauros"/σαυρος meaning "lizard", because he realized that the length of the arms was unusual for a sauropod. The species epithet "altithorax" was chosen because of the unusually deep and wide chest cavity, from Latin "altus" meaning "deep" and Greek "thorax"/θώραξ (Latin "thorax"), meaning "breastplate, cuirass, corslet".
Species.
"Brachiosaurus altithorax".
FMNH P 25107, the holotype of both the genus "Brachiosaurus" and the species "B. altithorax", consists of the right humerus (upper arm bone), the right femur (thigh bone), the right ilium (a hip bone), the right coracoid (a shoulder bone), the sacrum (fused vertebrae of the hip), the last seven thoracic (trunk) and two caudal (tail) vertebrae, and a number of ribs. Riggs described the coracoid as from the left side of the body, but restudy has shown it to be a right coracoid.
Referred material.
Taylor (2009) lists a number of specimens referred to "Brachiosaurus". These include some material, e.g., a humerus from Potter Creek and some Dry Mesa material (the latter partly described as "Ultrasauros" by Jensen), that are either clearly not brachiosaurid in origin, or at least not clearly referable to "Brachiosaurus". In contrast, a cervical (neck) vertebra and the skull mentioned above may belong to either "B. altithorax" or an as-yet unknown brachiosaurid from North America. The cervical was found near Jensen, Utah, by Jensen, and – if it belongs to "Brachiosaurus" – is one of a handful of neck vertebrae known for American brachiosaurids. There is no unambiguous material of the skull, neck, anterior dorsal (forward trunk) region, distal (lower) limbs or feet. More recently, Carballido "et al". (2012) reported on a nearly complete postcranial skeleton of a juvenile sauropod (approximately long) from the Morrison Formation of the Bighorn Basin, north-central Wyoming. This specimen was originally thought to belong to a diplodocid, but the authors reinterpreted it as representing a brachiosaurid, probably "Brachiosaurus altithorax".
There was ample material referred to ""B." brancai" in the collections of the Museum für Naturkunde Berlin, some of which was destroyed during World War II. Other material was transferred to other institution throughout Germany, some of which was also destroyed. Additional specimens are likely among the material collected by the British Museum of Natural History's Tendaguru expedition. Much or all of this material probably belongs to "Giraffatitan", although some may represent a new brachiosaurid.
Separation of "Giraffatitan".
When describing the brachiosaurid material from Tendaguru in 1914, Janensch listed a number of differences and commonalities between them and "B. altithorax". In three further publications in 1929, 1950
In 1988, Gregory Paul published a new reconstruction of the skeleton of ""B." brancai", highlighting a number of differences in proportion between it and "B. altithorax". Chief among them is a difference in the way the trunk vertebrae vary: they are fairly uniform in "B. altithorax", but vary widely in the African material. Paul believed that the limb and girdle elements of both species were very similar, and therefore suggested to separate them not at genus, but only at subgenus level.
"Giraffatitan" was raised to genus level by Olshevsky without comment. A detailed study of all material, including the limb and girdle bones, by Michael Taylor in 2009 found that there are significant differences between "Brachiosaurus altithorax" and the Tendaguru material in all elements known from both species. Taylor found 26 distinct osteological (bone-based) characters, a larger difference than that between, e.g., "Diplodocus" and "Barosaurus", and therefore argued that the African material should be placed in its own genus, "Giraffatitan", as "G. brancai". An important difference between the two genera is the overall body shape, with "Brachiosaurus" having a 23% longer dorsal (trunk) vertebrate series and a 20 to 25% longer and also taller tail.
Paleoecology.
With the removal of the East African "Giraffatitan", "Brachiosaurus" is known only from the Morrison Formation of western North America. The Morrison Formation is interpreted as a semiarid environment with distinct wet and dry seasons, and flat floodplains. Vegetation varied from gallery forests (river–lining forests in otherwise treeless settings) of conifers, tree ferns, and ferns, to fern savannas with rare "Araucaria"-like trees. Several other sauropod genera were present in the Morrison Formation, with differing body proportions and feeding adaptations. Among these were "Apatosaurus", "Barosaurus", "Camarasaurus", "Diplodocus", "Haplocanthosaurus", and "Supersaurus". "Brachiosaurus" was one of the less abundant Morrison Formation sauropods. In a survey of over 200 fossil localities, John Foster reported 12 specimens of the genus, comparable to "Barosaurus" (13) and "Haplocanthosaurus" (12), but far fewer than "Apatosaurus" (112), "Camarasaurus" (179), and "Diplodocus" (98). "Brachiosaurus" fossils are found only in the lower-middle part of the expansive Morrison Formation (stratigraphic zones 2-4), dated to about 154-153 million years ago, unlike many other types of sauropod which have been found throughout the formation.
Paleobiology.
Neck position.
In contrast to most other sauropods, brachiosaurids had an inclined back, due to their long forelimbs. Therefore, if the neck exited the body in a straight line, it already pointed upwards. The exact angle is influenced by how the pectoral girdle is reconstructed, that is how the shoulder blades are placed on the ribcage. The mobility of the neck was reconstructed as quite low by Stevens and Parrish, while other researchers like Paul and Christian and Dzemski argued for more flexible necks.
Feeding ecology.
"Brachiosaurus" is thought to have been a high browser, feeding on foliage well above the ground. Even if it did not hold its neck near vertical, and instead had a straighter neck, its head height may still have been over above the ground. It probably fed mostly on foliage above . This does not preclude the possibility that it also fed lower at times, between up. Its diet likely consisted of ginkgos, conifers, tree ferns, and large cycads, with intake estimated at of plant matter daily. However, more recent studies estimate that ~ of plant matter would have been sufficient to feed a sauropod, so "Brachiosaurus" may have required only about of fodder a day. Brachiosaur feeding involved simple up–and–down jaw motion. The teeth were arranged to shear material as they closed, and were probably used to crop and/or nip vegetation.
It has repeatedly been suggested, e.g. in the movie "Jurassic Park", that "Brachiosaurus" could rear into a bipedal or tripodal (with tail support) pose to feed. However, a detailed physical modelling-based analysis of sauropod rearing capabilities by Heinrich Mallison showed that while many sauropods could rear, the unusual brachiosaurid body shape and limb length ratio made them exceptionally ill suited for rearing. The forward position of the center of mass would have led to problems with stability, and required unreasonably large forces in the hips to obtain an upright posture. "Brachiosaurus" would also have gained relatively little from rearing (only 33% more feeding height), compared to other sauropods, for which a bipedal pose may have tripled the feeding height.
Metabolism.
Like all sauropods, "Brachiosaurus" was homeothermic (maintaining a stable internal temperature) and endothermic (controlling body temperature through internal means), meaning that it was able to actively control its body temperature ("warm-blooded"), producing the necessary heat through a high basic metabolic rate of its cells. In the past, "Brachiosaurus" has been used an example of a dinosaur for which endothermy is unlikely, because of the combination of great size (leading to overheating) and great caloric needs to fuel endothermy. However, these calculations were based on incorrect assumptions about the available cooling surfaces (the large air sacs were not known), and a grossly inflated body mass. These inaccuracies resulted in the overestimation of heat production and the underestimation of heat loss. The large nasal arch has been postulated as an adaptation for cooling the brain, as a surface for evaporative cooling of the blood.
In culture.
Preparation of P 25107, the holotype of "Brachiosaurus", began in the fall of 1900 shortly after it was collected by Elmer Riggs for the Field Museum of Natural History (Chicago). As the preparation of each bone was finished, it was put on display in a glass case in Hall 35 of the Fine Arts Palace of the Worlds Columbian Exposition, Field Museum's first home. All the bones were on display by 1908 when Field Museum's newly mounted "Apatosaurus" was unveiled. However, no mount was attempted because only 20% of the skeleton had been recovered. In 1993, the holotype bones were molded and cast, and the missing bones were sculpted based on "Giraffatitan" material in Berlin. This plastic skeleton was mounted and, in 1994, put on display at the north end of Stanley Field Hall, the main exhibit hall of the Field Museum's current building. The real bones of the holotype were put on exhibit in two large glass cases at at either end of the mounted cast. The mount stood until 1999, when it was moved to the B Concourse of United Airlines' Terminal One in O'Hare International Airport to make room for the museum's newly acquired T. rex, "SUE". At the same time, the Field Museum mounted a second plastic cast of the skeleton (designed for outside use) and it has been on display outside the museum on the NW terrace ever since. The only real bones currently on display are the humerus and two dorsals in the Mesozoic Hall of the Field Museum's Evolving Planet exhibit. 
"Brachiosaurus" is one of the best-known dinosaurs amongst both paleontologists and the general public. A main belt asteroid, , has been named 9954 Brachiosaurus in honor of the genus. The genus has been featured in many films and television programs, most notably the "Jurassic Park" and "Walking with Dinosaurs" series. The digital model of "Brachiosaurus" used in "Jurassic Park" went on to become the starting point for the ronto models in the 1997 special edition of the science fiction film "".

</doc>
<doc id="20598016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598016" title="Nico Patschinski">
Nico Patschinski

Nico Patschinski (born 8 November 1976 in Berlin) is a German footballer who currently plays for Niendorfer TSV.
Career.
1980–1994: Youth and rise with Union.
Patschinski began to play ice hockey in SC Dynamo Berlin's youth department. He was inspired by his father who himself had been a successful ice hockey player. Two years later, Patschinski switched sports and took up football, joining Berliner FC Dynamo. In 1988, Patschinski moved to 1. FC Union Berlin.
1994–2000: Rambler.
Patschinski made his debut in the senior team in 1994 and established himself as a regular in the following season. But in 1997, Union were hit hard by financial troubles and Patschinski took up the offer of Potsdam-based SV Babelsberg 03.
Patschinski did not have a good time in Potsdam, even though he played regularly. The fans had an inherent distrust of Berlin-born players and were quick to criticize them. In the summer of 1998, Patschinski left the club and signed a contract with Dynamo Dresden. In a match with his new club in Babelsberg, Patschinski scored and subsequently showed the fans the bird.
Patschinski spent one year in Dresden, scoring 11 goals in 31 matches He then moved to SpVgg Greuther Fürth to finally play in a fully professional league. He gained some experience in the 2. Bundesliga with Fürth, but did neither score a goal nor become a regular starter. Therefore he sought a move away from Fürth after only one season. Additionally, Berlin-born Patschinski did not feel at home in rural Fürth.
2000–2003: Success with St. Pauli.
Patschinski's new club was FC St. Pauli where he would have his biggest success in the next three years. With Hamburg-based St. Pauli, Patschinski gained promotion to the Bundesliga and scored the second goal in St. Pauli's 2–1 victory over Intercontinental Cup holders FC Bayern Munich. FC St. Pauli created a t-shirt to commemorate the event, naming the club "Weltpokalsieger-Besieger" (German for Intercontintal Cup winner beaters).
However, St. Pauli's stay in the top flight was short when the team was relegated at the end of the 2001–02 season St. Pauli were also relegated from the 2. Bundesliga in the following season and Patschinski found himself on the bench after the winter break, as new manager Franz Gerber did not value him.
2003–2006: Relegation and the national team.
Following the relegation, Patschinski signed for SV Eintracht Trier 05 in the 2. Bundesliga. But relegation hit Patschinski's club again, and after two years he moved on to another 2. Bundesliga club, LR Ahlen. The club were relegated at the end of the season, and Patschinski had managed a rather curious feat: in five seasons his clubs had been relegated four times. Patschinski would describe his move to Ahlen as a mistake he "would never make again".
During his spell at Ahlen the football magazine "RUND" discovered that Patschinskis grandparents were Polish and he would be eligible to play for Poland national football team. However, the interest cooled off as the Polish manager had already selected his team of the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Even though the PZPN president had signaled interest for matches after the World Cup, Patschinski did not hear anything from them again.
2006 bis 2009: Return to Berlin.
At the start of the 2006–07 season, Patschinski returned to the club of his youth, Union Berlin. His team had a mixed season, alternating between promotion hope and relegation fight. In the end, Union Berlin saved themselves from relegation and Patschinski scored a Goal of the Week against his former club FC St. Pauli. Patschinski admitted that he had meant to cross the ball. In the following season Patschinski and Union Berlin qualified for the newly created 3. Liga.
Citing a lack of trust, Union dissolved the player's contract on 4 March 2009.
Return to BFC.
On 28 July 2009, Patschinski joined BFC Dynamo.

</doc>
<doc id="20598017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598017" title="Cuarteto d'Aida">
Cuarteto d'Aida

The Cuarteto d'Aida was a famous Cuban female singing group. It was founded and directed by the pianist Aida Diestro (1924–1973) in 1952. Diestro picked four brilliant young singers to form the group: Elena Burke, Moraima Secada and the sisters Omara and Haydée Portuondo. One of the group, Omara, is still alive and performing today; she was brought back into prominence as part of the Buena Vista Social Club phenomenon.
The group was part of a post WWII musical fashion known as filín ("feeling"). This was a post-microphone jazz-influenced song movement related to close-harmony groups. They could sing any type of Cuban song, though the bolero was central to their style. The group was constantly heard on the radio, and toured many countries both before and after the Cuban revolution. Amazingly, the original group only made one LP record. Recordings after 1960 did not include any of the original singers.
When any of the girls left, or were otherwise unavailable, substitutes were found, many of them also highly talented. Teté Caturla (Teresa García Caturla) joined them in 1963, and led them after Aida's death in 1973. Leonora Rega, Marisela Ramirez, Georgina Sánchez, Rosa Sánchez, Magaly Linares, Niurka Galarraga, and Betty Tamayo are others who have sung with the group.

</doc>
<doc id="20598022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598022" title="Austria–Italy relations">
Austria–Italy relations

Austria–Italy relations are foreign relations between Austria and Italy. Austria has an embassy in Rome, a general consulate in Milan and 10 honorary consulates (in Bari, Bologna, Florence, Genoa, Naples, Palermo, Trieste, Turin, Venice and Verona). Italy has an embassy in Vienna, a consulate in Innsbruck, and 4 honorary consulates (in Graz, Klagenfurt, Linz and Salzburg).
History.
Since the Middle Ages, Austria had a great influence over the Italian states, especially in the north of the country.
After the Congress of Vienna, Austrian control of the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia, with its key cities of Venice and Milan, created the conditions in which Italian nationalism and Austrian interests clashed in the three Wars of Italian Independence between 1848 and 1866. Tensions remained throughout the 1870s as continued Austrian rule over Italians, especially in Trentino and Istria, inflamed Italian nationalism which in turn threatened Austrian integrity; as a result the Austrians built further fortifications along the Italian border. In 1876, the Austrian Archduke Albrecht advocated a preventive war against Italy.
Despite entering into the Triple Alliance of 1882 (along with Germany), areas of clashing interest remained. Italy's improving relations with France, Italian interests in the Balkans, and continuing nationalism among Italians within Austria-Hungary concerned leaders in Vienna. Italy's adherence to the Triple Alliance in the event of war was doubted and from 1903 plans for a possible war against Rome were again maintained by the Austrian general staff. Mutual suspicions led to reinforcement of the frontier and speculation in the press about a war between the two countries into the first decade of the twentieth century. As late as 1911 Count Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf, chief of the Austrian general staff, was advocating a military strike against Austria's supposed Italian allies.
During World War I, Italy fought against Austria–Hungary despite their defensive alliance signed some decades earlier. By World War I's end, Italy gained new territories from Austria and border agreements were secured.
Today.
Both countries are full members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and of the European Union. Both countries share 430 km of common borders.

</doc>
<doc id="20598041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598041" title="Largest organisms">
Largest organisms

The largest organisms found on Earth can be determined according to various aspects of organisms size, such as: mass, volume, area, length, height, or even genome size. Some organisms group together to form a superorganism, but such are not classed as single large organisms. The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest structure composed of living entities, stretching 2,000 km, but contains many organisms of many species.
The organism sizes listed are frequently considered "outsized" and are not in the normal size range for the respective group.
Plants.
The largest by wood volume and mass is the giant sequoia (Sequoiadendron giganteum), native to Sierra Nevada and California; it grows to an average height of and in diameter.
Animals.
A member of the order Cetacea, the blue whale ("Balaenoptera musculus"), is believed to be the largest animal ever to have lived. The maximum recorded weight was 190 tonnes for a specimen measuring , while longer ones, up to , have been recorded but not weighed.
The African bush elephant ("Loxodonta africana"), of the order Proboscidea, is the largest living land animal. A native of various open habitats in sub-Saharan Africa, this elephant is born commonly weighing about . The largest elephant ever recorded was shot in Angola in 1974. It was a male measuring from trunk to tail and lying on its side in a projected line from the highest point of the shoulder to the base of the forefoot, indicating a standing shoulder height of .
The heaviest living animals are all cetaceans, and thus also the largest living mammals. Since no scale can accommodate the whole body of a large whale, most whales have been weighed by parts.
The following is a list of the heaviest wild land animals, which are all mammals. The African elephant is now listed as two species, the African bush elephant and the African forest elephant, as they are now generally considered to be two separate species.
Vertebrates.
Mammals (Mammalia).
The blue whale is the largest mammal. The largest land mammal is the elephant.
Stem-mammals (Synapsida).
The Permian era "Cotylorhynchus", from what is now the southern United States, probably was the largest of all synapsids (most of which went extinct 250 million years ago), at 6 m (20 ft) and 2 tonnes. The largest carnivorous synapsid was "Anteosaurus" from what is now South Africa during Middle Permian era. "Anteosaurus" was 5–6 m (16–20 ft) long, and weighed about 500–600 kg (1,100–1,300 lb).
Reptiles (Reptilia).
The largest living non-avian reptile, a representative of the order Crocodilia, is the saltwater crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus") of Southern Asia and Australia, with adult males being typically 3.9–5.5 m (13–18 ft) long. The largest confirmed saltwater crocodile on record was 6.3 m (20.7 ft) long, and weighed over 1,360 kg (3,000 lbs). Unconfirmed reports of much larger crocodiles exist, but examinations of incomplete remains have never suggested a length greater than 7 m (23 ft). Also, a living specimen estimated at 7 m (23 ft) and 2,000 kg (4,400 lb) has been accepted by the Guinness Book of World Records. A specimen caught alive in the Philippines in 2011 (now enclosed at a zoo) was found to have measured 6.2 m (20.3 ft) in length.
The following is a list of the heaviest living reptile species, which is dominated by the crocodilians. Unlike the upper weights of mammals, birds or fish, mass in reptiles is frequently poorly documented and many are subject to conjecture and estimation.
Birds (Aves).
The largest living bird, a member of the Struthioniformes, is the ostrich ("Struthio camelus"), from the plains of Africa and Arabia. A large male ostrich can reach a height of 2.8 m (9.2 ft) and weigh over 156 kg (345 lb). A mass of 200 kg (440 lb) has been cited for the ostrich but no wild ostriches of this massive weight have been verified. Eggs laid by the Ostrich can weigh 1.4 kg (3 lb) and are the largest eggs in the world today.
The largest bird in the fossil record may be the extinct elephant birds ("Aepyornis") of Madagascar, which were related to the ostrich. They exceeded 3 m (10 ft) in height and 500 kg (1,120 lb). The last of the elephant birds became extinct about 300 years ago. Of almost exactly the same upper proportions as the largest elephant birds was "Dromornis stirtoni" of Australia, part of a 26,000-year-old group called mihirungs of the family Dromornithidae. The largest carnivorous bird was "Brontornis", an extinct flightless bird from South America which reached a weight of 350 to 400 kg (770 to 880 lb) and a height of about 2.8 m (9 ft 2 in). The tallest bird ever however was the Giant Moa ("Dinornis maximus"), part of the moa family of New Zealand that went extinct around 1500 ACE. This particular species of moa stood up to 3.7 m (12 ft) tall, but weighed about half as much as a large elephant bird or mihirung due to its comparatively slender frame.
The largest bird ever capable of flight was "Argentavis magnificens", the largest member of the now extinct family Teratornithidae, found in Miocene-aged fossil beds of Argentina, with a wingspan up to 8.3 m (28 ft), a length of up to 3.5 m (11 ft), a height on the ground of up to 2 m (6.6 ft) and a body weight of at least 80 kg (176 lb).
The following is a list of the heaviest living bird species. These species are almost all flightless, which allows for these particular birds to have denser bones and heavier bodies. Flightless birds comprise less than 2% of all living bird species. One flying species, the corpulent Dalmatian pelican, ranks on the list.
Amphibians (Amphibia).
The largest living amphibian is the Chinese Giant Salamander ("Andrias davidianus"). The maximum size of this nearly man-sized river-dweller is 64 kg (140 lb) and almost 1.83 m (6.0 ft). Before amniotes became the dominant tetrapods, several giant amphibian proto-tetrapods existed and were certainly the dominant animals in their ecosystems. The largest known was the crocodile-like "Prionosuchus", which reached a length of 9 m (30 ft).
Invertebrates.
Sponges (Porifera).
Arguably the most primitive form of animals in existence, the largest species of sponge is the giant barrel sponge, "Xestospongia muta". These massively built sponges can reach 8 feet (2.4 m) in height and can be of about the same number of feet across at the thickest part of the "body". Some of these creatures have been estimated to be over 2,400 years of age.
Cnidarians (Cnidaria).
The Lion's mane jellyfish ("Cyanea capillata") is the largest cnidaria species, of the class Scyphozoa. The largest known specimen of this giant, found washed up on the shore of Massachusetts Bay in 1870, had a bell diameter of 2.5 m (8 ft), a weight of 150 kg (330 lb). The tentacles of this specimens were as long as 37 m (121 ft) and were projected to have a tentacular spread of about 75 m (246 ft) making it one of the longest extant animals.
Flatworms (Platyhelminthes).
The largest terrestrial species of this phylum of mostly parasites, called flatworms in common language, is the Greenhouse planarian ("Bipalium kewense"). This planarian can reach a length of 60 cm (2 ft) and is quite massive for a flatworm.
Roundworms (Nematoda).
The largest roundworm, "Placentonema gigantissima", is a parasite found in the placentas of sperm whales which can reach up to 9 m (30 ft) in length.
Segmented worms (Annelida).
The largest of the segmented worms (commonly called earthworms) is the African giant earthworm ("Microchaetus rappi"). Although it averages about 1.36 m (4.5 ft) in length, this huge worm can reach a length of as much as 6.7 m (22 ft) and can weigh over 1.5 kg (3.3 lb). Only the giant Gippsland earthworm, "Megascolides australis", and a few giant polychaetes reach nearly comparable sizes, reaching 4 m (13 ft) and 3.6 m (11.9 ft), respectively.
Echinoderms (Echinodermata).
The largest species of echinoderm in terms of bulk is the starfish species "Thromidia catalai", of the class Asteroidea, which reaches a weight of over 6 kg (13 lb). However, at a maximum span of 63 cm (25 in), it is quite a bit shorter than some other echinoderms. The longest-bodied echinoderm is the brisingid sea star "Midgardia xandaros", reaching a span of 1.4 m (4.5 ft), despite being quite slender. "Evastrias echinosoma" is another giant echinoderm and can measure up to 1 m (3 ft) across and weigh 5.1 kg (11 lb).
Ribbon worms (Nemertea).
The largest nemertean and possibly the longest animal is the bootlace worm, "Lineus longissimus". A specimen found washed ashore on a beach in St. Andrews, Scotland in 1864 was recorded at a length of 55 m (180 ft).
Mollusks (Mollusca).
Both the largest mollusks and the largest of all invertebrates are the largest squids. The colossal squid ("Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni") is projected to be the largest invertebrate. Current estimates put its maximum size at 12 to 14 m (39–46 ft) long, based on analysis of smaller specimens. On February 22, 2007, authorities in New Zealand announced the capture of the largest known colossal squid specimen. It was later measured at 10 m (33 ft) long and 495 kg (1,091 lb) in weight. The mantle alone can be 5 m (16 ft) long based on a transverse slice of the pen of one specimen.
The giant squid ("Architeuthis dux") was previously thought to be the largest squid, and while it is less massive and has a smaller mantle than the colossal squid, it may exceed the colossal squid in overall length including tentacles. One giant squid specimen that washed ashore in 1878 in Newfoundland reportedly measured 18 m (60 ft) in total length (from the tip of the mantle to the end of the long tentacles), 4.6 m (15 ft) in diameter at the thickest part of mantle, and weighed about 900 kg (2,000 lb). This specimen is still often cited as the largest invertebrate that has ever been examined. However, no animals approaching this size have been scientifically documented and, according to giant squid expert Steve O'Shea, such lengths were likely achieved by greatly stretching the two tentacles like elastic bands.
Arthropods (Arthropoda).
The largest arthropod known to have existed is the eurypterid (sea scorpion) "Jaekelopterus", reaching up to 2.5 m (8.2 ft) in body length, followed by the millipede relative "Arthropleura" at around 2.1 m (7 ft) in length. Among living arthropods, the Japanese spider crab ("Macrocheira kaempferi") is the largest in overall size, the record specimen, caught in 1921, had an extended arm span of 3.8 m (12.5 ft) and weighed about 19 kg (41 lb). The heaviest is the American lobster ("Homarus americanus"), the largest verified specimen, caught in 1977 off of Nova Scotia weighed 20 kg (44 lbs) and its body length was 1.1 m (3.5 ft). The largest land arthropod and the largest land invertebrate is the coconut crab ("Birgus latro"), up to 40 cm (1.3 ft) long and weighing up to 4 kg (8.8 lb) on average. Its legs may span 1 m (3 ft).
Insects (Insecta).
Insects, a class of Arthropoda, are easily the most numerous class of organisms, with over one million identified species, and probably many undescribed species. The heaviest insect is almost certainly a species of beetle, which incidentally is the most species-rich order of organisms. Although heavyweight giant wetas ("Deinacrida heteracantha") are known, the elephant beetles of Central and South America, ("Megasoma elephas") and ("M. actaeon"), the Titan beetle ("Titanus giganteus") of the neotropical rainforests or the Goliath beetles, ("Goliathus goliatus") and ("G. regius"), of Africa's rainforests are believed to reach a higher weight. The most frequently crowned are the Goliath beetles the top known size of which is at least 100 g (3.5 oz) and 11.5 cm (4.5 in). The elephant beetles and titan beetle can reach greater lengths than the Goliath, at up to 13.1 cm (5.2 in) and 15.2 cm (6.0 in), respectively, but this is in part thanks to their rather large horns. The Goliath beetle's wingspan can range up to 25 cm (9.8 in).
Some moths and butterflies have much larger areas than the heaviest beetles, but weigh a fraction as much.
The longest insects are the stick insects, see below.
Representatives of the extinct dragonfly-like order Protodonata such as the Carboniferous "Meganeura monyi" of what is now France and the Permian "Meganeuropsis permiana" of what is now North America are the largest insect species yet known to have existed. These creatures had a wingspan of some 75 cm (30 in) and a mass of over 1 lb (450 g), making them about the size of a crow.
Fungi.
The largest living fungus may be a honey fungus of the species "Armillaria ostoyae".
A mushroom of this type in the Malheur National Forest in the Blue Mountains of eastern Oregon, U.S. was found to be the largest fungal colony in the world, spanning 8.9 km² (2,200 acres) of area. This organism is estimated to be 2400 years old. The fungus was written about in the April 2003 issue of the "Canadian Journal of Forest Research". While an accurate estimate has not been made, the total weight of the colony may be as much as 605 tons. If this colony is considered a single organism, then it is the largest known organism in the world by area, and rivals the aspen grove "Pando" as the known organism with the highest living biomass. It is not known, however, whether it is a single organism with all parts of the mycelium connected.
In "Armillaria ostoyae" each individual mushroom (the fruiting body, similar to a flower on a plant) has only a 5 cm (2 inch) stipe, and a pileus up to 12.5 cm (5 in) across. There are many other fungi which produce a larger individual size mushroom. The largest known fruiting body of a fungus is a specimen of "Phellinus ellipsoideus" (formerly "Fomitiporia ellipsoidea") found on Hainan Island. The fruiting body masses up to 500 kg (1100 lb).
Until "P. ellipsoideus" replaced it, the largest individual fruit body came from "Rigidoporus ulmarius". "R. ulmarius" can grow up to 284 kg (630 lb), 1.66 m (5.4 ft) tall, 1.46 m (4.8 ft) across, and has a circumference of up to 4.9 m (16 ft).
Bacteria.
The largest known species of bacterium is "Thiomargarita namibiensis", which grows to 0.75 mm (0.03 in) in diameter, making it visible to the naked eye and up to a million times the size of more typical bacteria.
Cyanobacteria, one of the largest "blue green algae" is "Lyngbya", whose filamentous cells can be 50 μm wide.
Viruses.
Until recently the largest known virus was the Megavirus ("Megavirus chilensis"), with a capsid diameter of 440 nm, and a genome of 1,259,197 base pairs; containing 1120 genes.
In July 2013, however, a team of French scientists announced the discovery of the peculiar "Pandoravirus" genus of viruses, which have a size of approximately 1 micrometer and whose genome contains 1,900,000 to 2,500,000 base pairs of DNA.
The largest known viruses—including "Pandoravirus", "Megavirus", and "Mimivirus"—infect amoebas specifically.

</doc>
<doc id="20598054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598054" title="Tom Parsons (baseball)">
Tom Parsons (baseball)

Thomas Anthony Parsons (born September 13, 1939 in Lakeville, Connecticut) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1963) and New York Mets (1964–65).

</doc>
<doc id="20598055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598055" title="Kevin Maek">
Kevin Maek

Kevin Maek (born November 4, 1988) is a German football player currently playing for 1. FC Saarbrücken. He is the son of Mario Maek.

</doc>
<doc id="20598058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598058" title="Eddie Imazu">
Eddie Imazu

Edwin "Eddie" Imazu (12 November 1897 – 29 May 1979) was a Japanese-American art director and production designer, whose 50-year career in Hollywood included television and movie credits. A 1936 Academy Award co-nominee for best art direction on "The Great Ziegfeld," Imazu worked with Hollywood luminaries including Spencer Tracy, John Wayne and Marlon Brando. He was born in Yamaguchi, Japan and died in Los Angeles, California.
Early life.
Imazu was born 12 November 1897 in Yamaguchi, Japan. As a teenager, he emigrated with his parents to Los Angeles. Employed as a houseboy while attending Hollywood High School, Imazu studied architecture and became the school's first Japanese graduate. Afterward, Imazu attended the University of California at Berkeley and majored in architecture.
During his sophomore year, Imazu vacationed in Los Angeles and attended a party hosted by Sessue Hayakawa, the famous Japanese actor. While circulating at the party, Imazu met a supervising art director at the old Metro studios. This art director offered Imazu a job -- either being a cameraman or working in the art field. Because of his interest in architecture, Imazu chose the latter.
Career.
Imazu joined Metro studios as a draftsman in 1920. He remained at the studio until its merger with Goldwyn Pictures to form Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1924. In 1929, MGM promoted him from draftsman to art director.
During the early 1930s, Imazu met Aiko Kondo, a cousin of Mary Yuriko Kochiyama (nee Nakahara), who became a prominent civil rights activist. Because she was beautiful, Aiko attracted many suitors, mostly naval officers whose ship had docked in San Pedro harbor. Aiko’s father didn’t trust these young sailors, so he asked a pre-teen Mary Nakahara to accompany Aiko on her dates.
Mary, later known as "Yuri," recalled feeling awkward about her third-wheel presence but relieved that Aiko never showed the slightest irritation. Yuri also recalled that Aiko Kondo was a portrait artist from an artistic family. When Yuri and her two brothers visited the Kondos, the siblings ran straight to the wastebaskets. They would rifle through the contents to retrieve discarded art, which they would take home.
On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor, and President Franklin Roosevelt issued Executive Order 9066, purportedly for security reasons. The Order required all Japanese Americans and Japanese immigrants to evacuate from the west coast and relocate at isolated, inland detention centers surrounded by barbed wire and guard towers. To retain Imazu as an art director, MGM offered him living accommodations inside the studio. But the government required Aiko Imazu and daughters to report to the Santa Anita Assembly Center and later to the Jerome and Rohwer relocation camps. So Imazu chose to accompany his family into relocation.
After release from detention, Imazu returned home to Culver City in the Los Angeles area. The next day, Cedric Gibbons, supervising art director at MGM, wired Imazu to offer him his old job. Studio head, Louis B. Mayer, usually inaccessible to Hollywood VIPs, personally greeted Imazu back to work. Well-liked and respected by colleagues, Imazu worked at MGM Studios for 35 years.
During the 1950s, Imazu became a naturalized American citizen.
An inside-page interview of Imazu, at age 50, appeared in the 20 December 1947 edition of Pacific Citizen, a Japanese-American newspaper. The headline reads, "Hollywood Story: A Portrait of Eddie Imazu, Art Director at MGM Studios." And the byline reads, "By Alice Sumida." In the 24-inch profile, Imazu describes how he works.
First, he reads the script. If the movie must be shot on location, Imazu travels to an appropriate area and selects a site. For a studio movie, Imazu spends one or two months breaking the story into sets, estimating costs, making layouts, sketching and drawing models, and consulting the director. Imazu lines up the sets needed to ensure they're built in the proper order. He does a "roughing out," followed by a drafting.
After the models are drawn, the director studies them and may suggest changes. If the proposed budget is suitable and the director is satisfied, the set plans go from the draftsman's workroom to the mill, where the units are made. After they're built, the sets are assembled on the stage and set up. Lastly, each set is painted, dressed and made ready to shoot. In technicolor movies, the set's colors must beautifully offset the costumes, so wardrobe designers contribute ideas. Imazu's budget is 12% to 15% of total production cost, usually about $250,000. A studio movie costs at the very least $1.5 million.
In 1936, Eddie Imazu was an Academy Award co-nominee for Best Art Direction on "The Great Ziegfeld." Imazu's film credits include: "McLintock!" (1963); "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" (1962); "The Teahouse of the August Moon" (1956); "Go For Broke!" (1951); and "Three Wise Fools" (1946). His television credits include: "The Twilight Zone" (1964); "Combat!" (1963-1964); and "The Thin Man" (1958).
Death.
After retiring from MGM in the late 1960s, Imazu fell into poor health. He died 29 May 1979 at age 81 in Los Angeles, California. Aiko Kondo Imazu died in April 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20598060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598060" title="Pando (tree)">
Pando (tree)

Pando (Latin for "I spread"), also known as The Trembling Giant, is a clonal colony of a single male quaking aspen ("Populus tremuloides") determined to be a single living organism by identical genetic markers and assumed to have one massive underground root system. The plant is estimated to weigh collectively 6,000,000 kg (6,600 short tons), making it the heaviest known organism. The root system of Pando, at an estimated 80,000 years old, is among the oldest known living organisms.
Pando is located 1 mile southwest of Fish Lake on Utah route 25. in the Fremont River Ranger District of the Fishlake National Forest, at the western edge of the Colorado Plateau in South-central Utah, at N 38.525 W 111.75.
History.
Pando is thought to have grown for much of its lifetime under ideal circumstances: frequent forest fires have prevented its main competitor, conifers, from colonizing the area, and a climate shift from wet and humid to semi-arid has obstructed seedling establishment and the accompanying rivalry from younger aspens.
During intense fires, the organism survived underground, with its root system sending up new stems in the aftermath of each wildfire. If its postulated age is correct, the climate into which Pando was born was markedly different from that of today, and it may be as many as 10,000 years since Pando's last successful flowering. According to an Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) report:
Pando was researched by Burton V. Barnes of the University of Michigan in 1968 and the 1970s. Barnes was widely considered an expert on North American aspen at the time, having been one of the first to describe the clonal growth of aspen from an extensive root system as part of his dissertation at Michigan in the late 1950s. Barnes had described Pando as a single organism based on its morphological characteristics. Building on Barnes's earlier work, Michael Grant of the University of Colorado at Boulder re-examined Pando and claimed it to be the world's most massive organism in 1992.
In 2006 the United States Postal Service made a stamp in commemoration of the aspen, calling it one of the forty "Wonders of America."
Size and age.
The clonal colony encompasses , weighs nearly 5900 tonnes (13,000,000 pounds), and has over 40,000 stems (trunks), which die individually and are replaced by new stems growing from its roots. The average age of Pando's stems is 130 years, as indicated by tree rings. The roots are 80,000 years old. Michael Grant in "BioScience" said:
Debate.
Tree experts also note that the organism's age cannot be determined with the level of precision found in tree rings; some claim Pando's age is closer to 1 million years. Its current 80,000 year designation is based on a complex set of factors including the history of its local environment such as: The evidence indicating that there are few if any naturally occurring new aspens in most of the western United States since a climate shift took place 10,000 years ago and eliminated favorable soil conditions for seedlings; the rate of growth (including the differences of rates in distinct climates when accounting for its local-climate history, that males grow more slowly than females, and that aspens grow more slowly at higher elevations – Pando is at 2,697 m, or 8,848 ft, above sea level); its size; and its genetic code in comparison to the mutations found among aspens born in the modern era. Michael Grant summed it thus:
Conversely, other observations in the region show that seedling establishment of new clones is regular, and often abundant on sites exposed by wildfire. J. L. Howard (U.S. Forest Service "Fire Effects Information System") states:
Other candidates for oldest or heaviest living organisms include the possibly larger fungal mats in Oregon, the ancient clonal Creosote bushes, and strands of the clonal marine plant "Posidonia oceanica" in the Mediterranean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20598064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598064" title="List of rivers discharging into the North Sea">
List of rivers discharging into the North Sea

The major rivers discharging into the North Sea are:
English drainage basins.
Flowing into the North Sea - Thames and Medway.
"From Foreness Point to Shoeburyness"
Flowing into the North Sea - North of the Thames Estuary.
"From Shoeburyness to St Abb's Head"
French drainage basin.
The Aa is an 89 km long river in northern France. Its source is near the village Bourthes. It flows through the "départements" and cities of Pas-de-Calais: Saint-Omer and Nord: Gravelines.
German drainage basin.
The three main rivers in Germany are the Rhine ("Rhein" in German) (main tributaries including the Neckar, the Main and the Moselle ("Mosel")); the Elbe (also drains into the North Sea); and, the Danube ("Donau").
German rivers draining into the North Sea.
The rivers in this section are sorted south-west (Netherlands) to east (Danish border).
Switzerland drainage basin.
The Rhine River, together with its tributaries the Aare River and the Thur River drain about two thirds of the water into the North Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20598090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598090" title="List of Seattle Mariners owners and executives">
List of Seattle Mariners owners and executives

This is a list of owners and executives of the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball club since its inception in .

</doc>
<doc id="20598095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598095" title="Steven Jahn">
Steven Jahn

Steven Jahn (born 15 July 1989 in Luckenwalde) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20598100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598100" title="Southern elephant seal">
Southern elephant seal

The southern elephant seal ("Mirounga leonina") is one of the two extant species of elephant seals. It is both the largest pinniped and member of the order Carnivora living today, as well as the largest Antarctic seal. The seal gets its name from its great size and the large proboscis of the adult males, which is used to make extraordinarily loud roaring noises, especially during the mating season. The southern elephant seal is the largest carnivoran alive, with males even larger than the polar bear.
Description.
The southern elephant seal is distinguished from the northern elephant seal (which does not overlap in range with this species) by its greater body mass and a shorter proboscis. The southern males also appear taller when fighting, due to their tendency to bend their backs more strongly than the northern species. This seal shows extreme sexual dimorphism in size, possibly the largest of any mammal, with the males typically five to six times heavier than the females.
While the females typically weigh and measure long, the bulls typically weigh and measure long.
An adult female averages in mass, while a mature bull averages about . Studies have indicated elephant seals from South Georgia are around 30% heavier and 10% longer on average than those from Macquarie Island. The record-sized bull, shot in Possession Bay, South Georgia, on 28 February 1913, measured long and was estimated to weigh . The maximum size of a female is and . The eyes are large, round, and black. The width of the eyes, and a high concentration of low-light pigments, suggest sight plays an important role in the capture of prey. Like all seals, elephant seals have hind limbs whose ends form the tail and tail fin. Each of the "feet" can deploy five long, webbed fingers. This agile dual palm is used to propel water. The pectoral fins are used little while swimming. While their hind limbs are unfit for locomotion on land, elephant seals use their fins as support to propel their bodies. They are able to propel themselves quickly (as fast as ) in this way for short-distance travel, to return to water, to catch up with a female, or to chase an intruder.
Pups are born with fur and are completely black. Their coats are unsuited to water, but protect infants by insulating them from the cold air. The first moulting accompanies weaning. After moulting, the coats may turn grey and brown, depending on the thickness and moisture of hair. Among older males, the skin takes the form of a thick leather which is often scarred.
Like other seals, the vascular system of elephant seals is adapted to the cold; a mixture of small veins surround arteries, capturing heat from them. This structure is present in extremities such as the hind legs.
Range and population.
The world population was estimated at 650,000 animals in the mid-1990s, and was estimated in 2005 at between 664,000 and 740,000 animals.
Studies have shown the existence of three geographic subpopulations, one in each of the three oceans.
Tracking studies have indicated the routes traveled by elephant seals, demonstrating their main feeding area is at the edge of the Antarctic continent. While elephant seals may come ashore in Antarctica occasionally to rest or to mate, they gather to breed in subantarctic locations.
The largest subpopulation is in the South Atlantic, with more than 400,000 individuals, including about 113,000 breeding females on South Georgia;
the other breeding colonies of the Atlantic subpopulation are located on the Falkland Islands and Valdes Peninsula in Argentina (the only continental breeding population).
The second subpopulation, in the south Indian Ocean, consist of up to 200,000 individuals, three-quarters of which breed in the Kerguelen Islands and the rest in the Crozet Islands, Marion and Prince Edward Islands, and Heard Island. Some individuals also breed on Amsterdam Island.
The third subpopulation of about 75,000 seals is found in the subantarctic islands of the Pacific Ocean south of Tasmania and New Zealand, mainly Macquarie Island.
Colonies once existed in Tasmania, Saint Helena, and the Juan Fernández Islands off the coast of Chile. Some individuals at the time of moulting have been found in South Africa or Australia. Lost animals have also been reported from time to time on the shores of Mauritius, with two reports from the Río Guayas estuary area in Ecuador.
After the end of large-scale seal hunting in the 19th century, the southern elephant seal recovered to a sizable population in the 1950s; since then, an unexplained decline in the subpopulations of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean has occurred. The population now seems to be stable; the reasons for the fluctuation are unknown. Suggested explanations include a phenomenon of depression following a rapid demographic rebound that depletes vital resources, a change in climate, competition with other species whose numbers also varied, or even an adverse influence of scientific monitoring techniques.
Lifestyle.
Social behavior and reproduction.
Elephant seals are among the seals that can stay on land for the longest periods of time, as they can stay dry for several consecutive weeks each year. Males arrive in the colonies earlier than the females and fight for control of harems when they arrive. Large body size confers advantages in fighting and the agonistic relationships of the bulls gives rise to a dominance hierarchy with access to harems and activity within harems, being determined by rank. The dominant bulls (“harem masters”) establish harems of several dozen females. The least successful males have no harems, but may try to copulate with a harem male's females when the male is not looking. The majority of primiparous females and a significant proportion of multiparous females mate at sea with roaming males away from harems.
An elephant seal must stay in his territory to defend it, which could mean months without eating, having to live on his blubber storage. Two fighting males use their weight and canine teeth against each other. The outcome is rarely fatal, and the defeated bull will flee; however, bulls can suffer severe tears and cuts. Some males can stay ashore for more than three months without food. Males commonly vocalize with a coughing roar that serves in both individual recognition and size assessment. Conflicts between high-ranking males are more often resolved with posturing and vocalizing than with physical contact.
Generally, pups are born rather quickly in the breeding season. After being born, a newborn will bark or yap and its mother will respond with a high-pitched moan. The newborn begins to suckle immediately. Lactation lasts an average of 23 days. Throughout this period, the female fasts. Newborns weigh about at birth, and reach by the time they are weaned. The mother loses significant weight during this time. Young weaned seals gather in nurseries until they lose their birth coats. They enter the water to practice swimming, generally starting their apprenticeship in estuaries or ponds. In summer, the elephant seals come ashore to moult. This sometimes happens directly after reproduction.
Feeding and diving.
Satellite tracking revealed the seals spend very little time on the surface, usually a few minutes for breathing. They dive repeatedly, each time for more than 20 minutes, to hunt their prey —squid and fish— at depths of . They are the deepest diving air-breathing non-cetaceans and have been recorded at a maximum of in depth.
As far as duration, depth, and the sequence of dives, the southern elephant seal is the best performing seal. In many regards, they exceed even most cetaceans. These capabilities result from nonstandard physiological adaptations, common to marine mammals, but particularly developed in elephant seals. The coping strategy is based on increased oxygen storage and reduced oxygen consumption.
In the ocean, the seals apparently live alone. Most females dive in pelagic zones for foraging, while males dive in both pelagic and benthic zones. Individuals will return annually to the same hunting areas. Due to the inaccessibility of their deep-water foraging areas, no comprehensive information has been obtained about their dietary preferences, although some observation of hunting behavior and prey selection has occurred.
While hunting in the dark depths, elephant seals seem to locate their prey, at least in part, using vision; the bioluminescence of some prey animals can facilitate their capture. Elephant seals do not have a developed system of echolocation in the manner of cetaceans, but their vibrissae (facial whiskers), which are sensitive to vibrations, are assumed to play a role in search of food. When at the subantarctic or Antarctic coasts, the seals can also consume molluscs, crustaceans, nothothens, lanternfish, krill, cephalopods or even algae. Weaned pups may be prey for killer whales (orcas) and (rarely) by leopard seals, while juveniles may also fall prey to orcas.
Conservation.
After their near extinction due to hunting in the 19th century, the total population was estimated at between 664,000 and 740,000 animals in 2005, but as of 2002, two of the three major populations were declining. The reasons for this are unclear, but are thought to be related to the distribution and declining levels of the seals' primary food sources. Most of their most important breeding sites are now protected by international treaty, as UNESCO World Heritage Sites, or by national legislation.
Minazo.
One of the most famous southern elephant seals is Minazo, which lived in Japan's Enoshima Aquarium from when he was a half-year old until his death in 2005 at age 11.
Minazo became popular for his signature bucket-holding, tongue-lolling pose. In 2006, Minazo was memorialized by the Japanese noise musician Masami Akita, also known as Merzbow, in a two-volume album,
with artwork by Jenny Akita showing Minazo holding his beloved bucket.
In 2007, Minazo became the subject of an image macro similar to lolcat called "lolrus". In his liner notes, Masami Akita suggested Minazo's frequent and demanding performances left him exhausted, contributing ultimately to his death. Akita's intention in celebrating Minazo was to highlight the plight of captive animals used for performance before public audiences. Minazo has also featured on several t-shirt designs.

</doc>
<doc id="20598102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598102" title="Classy 'N Smart Stakes">
Classy 'N Smart Stakes

The Classy 'N Smart Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid October at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. An Ontario Sire Stakes, it is a restricted race for fillies and mares, age three and older. It is contested over a distance of one and one-sixteenth miles (8.5 furlongs) on Polytrack synthetic dirt and currently carries a purse of $125,000.
Inaugurated in 1997, the race was named to honor Sam-Son Farm's Champion filly and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Classy 'n Smart.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20598105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598105" title="North Carolina Department of Public Safety">
North Carolina Department of Public Safety

The North Carolina Department of Public Safety is an umbrella agency that carries out many of the state's law enforcement, emergency response and homeland security functions. The department was created in 1977 as the Department of Crime Control and Public Safety. In 2012, the North Carolina Department of Correction and the North Carolina Department of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention were merged with Crime Control & Public Safety to create the new agency.
The department is headed by a Secretary of Public Safety, who is appointed by the Governor of North Carolina and is a member of the Cabinet. 
The North Carolina State Highway Patrol and the North Carolina National Guard are two divisions of the department.

</doc>
<doc id="20598133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598133" title="Financial intelligence (business)">
Financial intelligence (business)

Financial intelligence is the knowledege and skills gained from understanding finance and accounting principles in the business world. Although a fairly new term, financial intelligence has its roots in organizational development research, mostly in the field of employee participation. Financial intelligence has emerged as a best practice and core competency in many organizations leading to improved financial results, increased employee morale, and reduced employee turnover. Many organizations include financial intelligence programs in their leadership development curriculum. Financial intelligence is not an innate skill, rather it is a learned set of skills that can be developed at all levels.
Areas of Understanding.
The four areas of understanding that make up financial intelligence are:
"Understanding the foundation." Financial intelligence requires an understanding of the basics of financial measurement including the income statement, the balance sheet, and the cash flow statement. It also requires knowing the difference between cash and profit and why a balance sheet balances. 
"Understanding the art." Finance and accounting are an art as well as a science. The two disciplines must try to quantify what can't always be quantified, and so must rely on rules, estimates, and assumptions. Financial intelligence ensures people are able to identify where the artful aspects of finance have been applied to the numbers, and know how applying them differently might lead to different conclusions. 
"Understanding analysis." Financial intelligence includes the ability to analyze the numbers in greater depth. This includes being able to calculate profitability, leverage, liquidity and efficiency ratios and understanding the meaning of the results. Conducting ROI analysis and interpreting the results are also part of financial intelligence.
"Understanding the big picture." Financial intelligence also means being able to understand a business's financial results in context - that is, within the framework of the big picture. Factors such as the economy, the competitive environment, regulations and changing customer needs and expectations as well as new technologies all affect how the numbers are interpreted.
Financial intelligence is not just theoretical book learning. It also requires practice and real world application. In the corporate world, managers can display financial intelligence by speaking the language, that is, asking questions about the numbers when something doesn't make sense, reviewing financial reports and using the information to understand the company's strengths and weaknesses, using ROI analysis, working capital management, and ratio analysis to make decisions, and identifying where the art of finance has been applied.
Roots of Financial Intelligence.
In 1954, Peter F. Drucker, in his groundbreaking book, "The Practice of Management", wrote the following. 
"worker should know how his work relates to the work of the whole. He should know what he contributes to the enterprise...if he lacks information, he will lack both incentive and means to improve his performance." 
"It is in the best interest of the organization that the worker have the information."
The concept of financial intelligence in organizations comes from the research of several well-known organizational development academics, including Dennis Denison, Edward Lawler and Jeffrey Pfeffer. For example, the research of Lawler, Mohrman and Ledford found that the indices that have the most impact on both direct performance outcomes in organizations (productivity, customer satisfaction, quality and speed) and on profitability and competitiveness were sharing information and developing knowledge.
Karen Berman's research, asked specifically if information (operationalized by teaching business basics to improve financial intelligence and sharing information on a regular basis) improves the results of employee participation, as seen through organizational performance improvement and employee attitude improvement. The results of the study found that certain financial performance measures improved and that employee turnover decreased. 
Financial literacy also has its roots in open book management. A core tenant of open-book management is business literacy, that is, ensuring everyone understands how the business measures financial success.
Financial Intelligence in Organizations.
Many companies, (Southwest Airlines being a prime example) consider financial intelligence a core competency or best practice. Several universities, including Harvard Business School, Wharton and Stanford have programs targeted at the corporate world, mostly at the leadership level, to increase the financial intelligence in organizations. There are a variety of methods to increase financial intelligence in organizations, including classroom training, webinar training, and business simulations. Training companies have supported these efforts as well, including Business Literacy Institute, Paradigm Learning, and Workplace Development. 
Proponents of financial intelligence in organizations believe that if employees, managers and leaders understand financial information and how financial success is measured, they will make decisions and take action based on an understanding of the financial impact of those decisions. If everyone knows the financial goals of the company, for example, and knows how to make decisions that support those financial goals, then the company is going to be more financially successful.
Employee owned companies are one group of organizations that are focused on ensuring everyone in the company is financially intelligent, as employees are owners and therefore must understand the financial side of the business.

</doc>
<doc id="20598146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598146" title="Alfréd Jindra">
Alfréd Jindra

Alfréd Jindra (March 31, 1930 - May 7, 2006) was a Czechoslovak sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Jindra was born and died in Prague

</doc>
<doc id="20598154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598154" title="Sean Dempsey">
Sean Dempsey

Sean Dempsey is a former manager of the Laois Gaelic football team.
A former player for the Laois senior football team, Dempsey had enjoyed huge success as an underage team coach and manager and in late 2008 was appointed to succeed Liam Kearns in the top job of Laois football. After two relatively unsuccessful years in the position, he was relieved of the job in July 2010 and replaced by Justin McNulty.
Managerial career.
Dempsey is highly regarded as a manager and coach and during his spell with Laois minors he turned them into one of the top underage teams in Ireland, the highlight being the 2003 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship title. 
He managed the Laois under 21 side to successive Leinster titles in 2006 and 2007 and to an All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship final appearance in 2007, where they were defeated by Cork.
As of Dec 4th, Dempsey has been confirmed as manager of the Naas Gaa football team in Kildare.
Playing career.
As a player, Dempsey was a member of the St Josephs club winning a number of Laois Senior Football Championship titles with them.
After a successful minor football career, he graduated to become a member of the Laois Under 21 and senior football panels, playing alongside his brothers Martin and Mick for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="20598164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598164" title="Franeker railway station">
Franeker railway station

Franeker is a railway station located in Franeker, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 27 October 1863 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway between Harlingen and Leeuwarden. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Franeker:
Bus services.
Services are run by Connexxion.

</doc>
<doc id="20598170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598170" title="Italy–South Africa relations">
Italy–South Africa relations

Italy–South Africa relations are foreign relations between Italy and South Africa. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1929. Italy has an embassy in Pretoria, a consulate in Johannesburg, 2 consulates (in Cape Town and Durban) and 2 honorary consulates (in East London and Port Elizabeth). South Africa has an embassy in Rome, a general consulate in Milan and 7 honorary consulates (in Bari, Bologna, Florence, Genoa, Naples, Trieste and Venice).
There are around 35,000 people of Italian descent living in South Africa.
During World War II, some 100,000 Italian prisoners of war were held by the British in South Africa.
Economics.
In 2001, Italy ranked 6th in total trade and 10th in total investment in South Africa. Italy is a major producer and consumer of two of South Africa's largest exports, gold and coal. In regards to tourism, more than 37,000 Italians visited South Africa in 2001. In 2002, four direct flight existed between the countries with South African Airways due to open another.

</doc>
<doc id="20598172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598172" title="L.P. Hollander Company Building">
L.P. Hollander Company Building

The L.P. Hollander Company Building is located at 3 East 57th Street (Manhattan), New York City. The edifice received the 1930 gold medal of the Fifth Avenue (Manhattan) Association for the "best structure" built in the Fifth Avenue district during the year. The L.P. Hollander Company Building was erected prior to the Empire State Building and 500 Fifth Avenue, which were judged for the year 1931. The Empire State Building and the Lilly Dache Building were designed by William F. Lamb of Shreve, Lamb & Harmon, architects, who was responsible for planning the L.P. Hollander Building. The Hollander Building was built by Starrett Brothers & Eken.
The structure was initially a shop for women. This is reflected in its "delicate and rich" design, which features femine motifs. It adjoined the site of an edifice occupied by the New York Trust Company, at the corner of Fifth Avenue, which had also recently been completed. A structure known as the old Hollander Building stood at 550 "-" 552 Fifth Avenue at this time. Its name was changed to the Weber & Heilbroner Building in August 1934.
Architectural design.
The Hollander building is situated on a plot of land formerly occupied by the Stuyvesant home, a private residence in the 57th Street district. In 1939, the property was owned by Augustus Van Horne Stuyvesant Jr. and the estate of Anne W. Stuyvesant. 
The structure is composed of two stories of rich metal work in silver, a shaft made of a series of vertical lines composed of stone, and an upper panel framed horizontally, yet carrying the vertical motifs of the shaft. The whole, along with its various portions, are framed in black granite. The edifice possessed a gray, silver, and black color scheme. The silver hue is made up of aluminum metal parts, gray of the limestone mullions, and black of the granite frame. Two small side doors, one for service and another which acted as a fire exit, are utilized as flanking motifs for a primary show window. The doors are plates pierced for light, grilles in reverse. Window backgrounds of the Hollander building are the work of Jock D. Peters, in collaboration with Eleanor Lemaire.
Building tenants.
On March 15, 1933, the fashion boutique "Joseph's" opened shops at the Hollander Building. The store was directed by Milton Wolf who formerly was president of Joseph and Benjamin Pitman, and vice-president of the original L.P. Hollander Company. Joseph's featured a number of small shops assembled under one roof. Their merchandise selection offered items as diverse as "swirling gowns" for spring, and "swanky bags".
In December 1939, the Hollander Building was leased for twenty-one years to Stouffer's for a new unit in its chain of restaurants. The company operated other eateries at 540 Fifth Avenue and in the Pershing Square Building, in the Grand Central Station zone. Aymar Embury 2nd was the architect who redesigned the two lower floors of the establishment, with a design employing white marble, featuring a new facade.

</doc>
<doc id="20598196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598196" title="David Hollwitz">
David Hollwitz

David Hollwitz (born 20 March 1989 in Luckenwalde) is a German footballer playing for 1. FC Union Berlin II.

</doc>
<doc id="20598201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598201" title="Italy–Switzerland relations">
Italy–Switzerland relations

Diplomatic relations between Italy and Switzerland have traditionally been close and are currently governed by a complex set of treaties (including those with the European Union (EU), of which Italy is a member).
The two countries share a long border and three common languages (Italian is one of Switzerland's four official languages, German and French are recognised minority languages in Italy). There are 48,000 Swiss in Italy and Italian citizens are the largest foreign group in Switzerland: 500,000 including those with dual citizenship. Switzerland was a popular destination for Italian emigrants in the 19th century and between 1950 and 1970 half of all foreigners in Switzerland were Italian. There are also more Swiss schools in Italy than any other country in the world.
Italy is Switzerland's second largest trading partner and Switzerland is Italy's 8th largest investor (CHF 22bn) creating 78,000 jobs. Italy invests CHF 6bn in Switzerland and creates 13,000 jobs. The two are integrated heavily through the EU's treaties with Switzerland and Switzerland is also part of the EU's Schengen Area which abolishes international borders between Schengen states.

</doc>
<doc id="20598209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598209" title="Kurt Thoma">
Kurt Thoma

"Kapitän zur See" Otto Kurt Thoma (4 August 1901 in Staufen – 11 April 1971 in Oldenburg) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () recipient during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20598216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598216" title="Shahi (disambiguation)">
Shahi (disambiguation)

The Shahi dynasties ruled one of the Middle kingdoms of India from the 3rd century to the early 9th century.
Shahi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598235" title="Italy–Tunisia relations">
Italy–Tunisia relations

Italy–Tunisia relations are foreign relations between Italy and Tunisia. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1957. Italy has an embassy in Tunis and 3 honorary consulates (in Bizerte, Sfax and Sousse). Tunisia has an embassy in Rome, a general consulate in Palermo, 3 consulates (in Genoa, Milan and Naples) and 2 honorary consulates (in Bari and Novara).
Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean. There was an important Italian community living in Tunisia before the independence.

</doc>
<doc id="20598248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598248" title="Michał Bemben">
Michał Bemben

Michał Bemben (born 28 January 1976) is a Polish-born German football player who currently plays for Wuppertaler SV.
Career.
Club.
In the summer 2010, he joined Górnik Zabrze on one-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20598254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598254" title="Magnificent Brute">
Magnificent Brute

Magnificent Brute is a 1936 American drama film directed by John G. Blystone. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Albert S. D'Agostino and Jack Otterson.

</doc>
<doc id="20598265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598265" title="Phallus">
Phallus

A phallus is a penis, especially when erect, a penis-shaped object, or a mimetic image of an erect penis. Any object that symbolically resembles a penis may also be referred to as a phallus; however, such objects are more often referred to as being phallic (as in "phallic symbol"). Such symbols often represent the fertility and cultural implications that are associated with the male sexual organ, as well as the male orgasm.
Etymology.
The term is a loanword from Latin "phallus", itself borrowed from Greek ', which is ultimately a derivation from the Proto-Indo-European root *"bʰel"- "to inflate, swell". Compare with Old Norse (and modern Icelandic) "boli" "bull", Old English "bulluc" "bullock", Greek ' "whale".
Archaeology.
The Hohle phallus, a 28,000-year-old siltstone phallus discovered in the Hohle Fels cave and first assembled in 2005, is among the oldest phallic representations known. 
Religion.
Classical antiquity.
In traditional Greek mythology, Hermes, god of boundaries and exchange (popularly the "messenger" god) is considered to be a phallic deity by association with representations of him on herms (pillars) featuring a phallus. There is no scholarly consensus on this depiction and it would be speculation to consider Hermes a type of fertility god. Pan, son of Hermes, was often depicted as having an exaggerated erect phallus. 
Priapus is a Greek god of fertility whose symbol was an exaggerated phallus. The son of Aphrodite and either Dionysus or Adonis, according to different forms of the original myth, he is the protector of livestock, fruit plants, gardens, and male genitalia. His name is the origin of the medical term priapism.
The city of Tyrnavos in Greece holds an annual Phallus festival, a traditional phallophoric event on the first days of Lent.
The phallus was ubiquitous in ancient Roman culture, particularly in the form of the "fascinum", a phallic charm. The ruins of Pompeii produced bronze wind chimes "(tintinnabula)" that featured the phallus, often in multiples, to ward off the evil eye and other malevolent influences. Statues of Priapus similarly guarded gardens. Roman boys wore the "bulla", an amulet that contained a phallic charm, until they formally came of age. According to Augustine of Hippo, the cult of Father Liber, who presided over the citizen's entry into political and sexual manhood, involved a phallus. The phallic deity Mutunus Tutunus promoted marital sex. A sacred phallus was among the objects considered vital to the security of the Roman state which were in the keeping of the Vestal Virgins. Sexuality in ancient Rome has sometimes been characterized as "phallocentric."
Ancient Egypt.
The phallus played a role in the cult of Osiris in ancient Egyptian religion. When Osiris' body was cut in 14 pieces, Seth scattered them all over Egypt and his wife Isis retrieved all of them except one, his penis, which was swallowed by a fish; see the Legend of Osiris and Isis. Supposedly, Isis made a wooden replacement.
The phallus was a symbol of fertility, and the god Min was often depicted as ithyphallic, that is, with an erect penis.
Indonesia.
In the nation of Indonesia, the phallic "lingga" and feminine "yoni" remain common symbols of harmony. The Sultan's Palace of Kasepuhan, in West Java, has a number of "lingga-yoni" carvings along its walls.
According to the Indonesian chronicles of the Babad Tanah Jawi, Prince Puger gained the kingly power from God, by ingesting sperm from the phallus of the already-dead Sultan Amangkurat II of Mataram.
Bhutan.
The Phallus is commonly depicted in its paintings.
Japan.
The Mara Kannon Shrine (麻羅観音) in Nagato, Yamaguchi prefecture is one of many fertility shrines in Japan that still exist today. Also present in festivals such as the Danjiri Matsuri (だんじり祭) in Kishiwada, Osaka prefecture, the Kanamara Matsuri, in Kawasaki, and the Hōnen Matsuri (豊年祭 Harvest Festival), in Komaki (小牧市 Komaki-shi), Aichi Prefecture (愛知県 Aichi-ken), though historically phallus adoration was more widespread.
Balkans.
"Kuker" is a divinity personifying fecundity, sometimes in Bulgaria and Serbia it is a plural divinity. In Bulgaria, a ritual spectacle of spring (a sort of carnival performed by Kukeri) takes place after a scenario of folk theatre, in which Kuker's role is interpreted by a man attired in a sheep- or goat-pelt, wearing a horned mask and girded with a large wooden phallus. During the ritual, various physiological acts are interpreted, including the sexual act, as a symbol of the god's sacred marriage, while the symbolical wife, appearing pregnant, mimes the pains of giving birth. This ritual inaugurates the labours of the fields (ploughing, sowing) and is carried out with the participation of numerous allegorical personages, among which is the Emperor and his entourage.
The Americas.
Figures of Kokopelli and Itzamna (as the Mayan tonsured maize god) in Pre-Columbian America often include phallic content. Additionally, over forty large monolithic sculptures ("Xkeptunich") have been documented from Terminal Classic Maya sites with the majority of examples occurring in the Puuc region of Yucatán (Amrhein 2001). Uxmal has the largest collection with eleven sculptures now housed under a protective roof on site. The largest sculpture was recorded at Almuchil measuring more than 320 cm high with a diameter at the base of the shaft measuring 44 cm.
Alternative sects.
In the Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica founded by Aleister Crowley, some chapters practice the consumption of semen during the Gnostic Mass.
St. Priapus Church (French: Église S. Priape) is a North American new religion that centres on the worship of the phallus. Founded in the 1980s in Montreal, Quebec, by D. F. Cassidy, it has a following mainly among homosexual men in Canada and the United States. Semen is also treated with reverence and its consumption is an act of worship. Semen is esteemed as sacred because of its divine life-giving power.
Psychoanalysis.
The symbolic version of the phallus, a phallic symbol is meant to represent male generative powers. According to Sigmund Freud's theory of psychoanalysis, while males possess a penis, no one can possess the symbolic phallus. Jacques Lacan's "Ecrits: A Selection" includes an essay titled "The Significance of the Phallus" which articulates the difference between "being" and "having" the phallus. Men are positioned as men insofar as they are seen to have the phallus. Women, not having the phallus, are seen to "be" the phallus. The symbolic phallus is the concept of being the ultimate man, and having this is compared to having the divine gift of God.
In "Gender Trouble", Judith Butler explores Freud's and Lacan's discussions of the symbolic phallus by pointing out the connection between the phallus and the penis. She writes, "The law requires conformity to its own notion of 'nature'. It gains its legitimacy through the binary and asymmetrical naturalization of bodies in which the phallus, though clearly not identical to the penis, deploys the penis as its naturalized instrument and sign" (135). In "Bodies that Matter", she further explores the possibilities for the phallus in her discussion of "The Lesbian Phallus". If, as she notes, Freud enumerates a set of analogies and substitutions that rhetorically affirm the fundamental transferability of the phallus from the penis elsewhere, then any number of other things might come to stand in for the phallus (62).
Modern use of the phallus.
The phallus is often used to advertise pornography, as well as the sale of contraception. It has often been used in provocative practical jokes and has been the central focus of adult-audience performances.
The phallus had a new set of art interpretations in the 20th century with the rise of Sigmund Freud, the founder of the psychoanalytic school of psychology. One example is "Princess X" by the Romanian modernist sculptor Constantin Brâncuși. He created a scandal in the Salon in 1919 when he represented or caricatured Princess Marie Bonaparte as a large gleaming bronze phallus. This phallus likely symbolizes Bonaparte's obsession with the penis and her lifelong quest to achieve vaginal orgasm.
See also the Most Phallic Building contest for modern examples of phallic designs.
Modern art.
During the modern era, many sculptors have created some public phallic works of art, some more subtle, others more clear and evident. One of these examples may be the statue in honor to the Carnation Revolution on the top of one hill in Lisbon, Portugal from the sculptor João Cutileiro. Another example, more subtle, may be the statue named Crystal in the most famous central public square in Stockholm, the Sergel's square, from the sculptor Edvin Öhrström, which may be seen as a subtle phallic structure, like many other obelisks in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20598268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598268" title="The Ricky Martin Video Collection">
The Ricky Martin Video Collection

The Ricky Martin Video Collection is a collection of videos by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="20598269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598269" title="Lower Swabia">
Lower Swabia

Lower Swabia (, "Unterschwaben" or "Schwäbisches Unterland") is a region in Germany in the federal state of Baden-Württemberg. The name, which refers to medieval Swabia, is applied to the region around Heilbronn. The exact geographical location of this area has not been strictly defined. However, most of the area is situated in the North of Baden-Württemberg, and includes some of the Neckar river valley. Its counterpart is Upper Swabia ("Oberschwaben"), which lies directly to the South by lake Constance and the Swabian Alb.

</doc>
<doc id="20598272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598272" title="Bangai">
Bangai

Bangai may refer to several places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="20598273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598273" title="Swords Against Darkness II">
Swords Against Darkness II

Swords Against Darkness II is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in 1977.
The book collects eight short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors, with an introductory essay by Offutt.

</doc>
<doc id="20598276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598276" title="Argentine Masters">
Argentine Masters

The Argentine Masters or Torneo de Maestros is one of the most prestigious golf tournaments in Argentina, despite not having been played continuously since the inaugural event in 1961. It has always been held at the Olivos Golf Club near Buenos Aires.
The tournament forms part of the Tour de las Americas schedule. In 2008 it was co-sanctioned by the Canadian Tour (2009 season).
The most successful players have been the superstars of Argentine golf, Roberto de Vicenzo with five victories, and Ángel Cabrera with four wins in the five events held between 1999 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20598289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598289" title="Karl Rixecker">
Karl Rixecker

"Kapitänleutnant" Karl Jakob Rixecker (18 November 1906 in Merchweiler – 22 September 1959 in Wetzlar) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () recipient during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20598301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598301" title="Hero card">
Hero card

A hero card is a custom-printed card designed to promote a race team with emphasis on the primary driver(s) and their sponsors. Bigger than a baseball card, hero cards have two standard sizes: 6 x 8 and 8 x 10 (inches). 
Card information and driver depiction vary, but most hero cards include photos, information about the driver, race history/highlights, sponsors' names, and contact information. Drivers use hero cards as an oversized business card for autograph sessions, and teams sometimes include hero cards in their media kits.

</doc>
<doc id="20598312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598312" title="Adrian Antunović">
Adrian Antunović

Adrijan Antunović (born 24 April 1989 in Jajce) is a Croatian football player currently playing for BFC Viktoria 1889.
Career.
Antunovic began his career 1996 in the year with 1. FC Union Berlin and was on 20 June 2007 promoted to the Regionalliga Nordost team. He made his debut for 1. FC Union Berlin in the 3rd Liga against FC Bayern München II and played 29 minutes.
Personal life.
Born in Jajce to Croatian parents, just before the breakup of Yugoslavia and the war. His parents and two aunts were killed on 24 December 2006 in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="20598321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598321" title="Justin Seaverns">
Justin Seaverns

Justin William Seaverns (born July 2, 1980 in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi, Japan) is a former American football linebacker of the National Football League. He was signed by the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent in 2002. He played college football at Appalachian State.
Seaverns was also a member of the Indianapolis Colts, Houston Texans and Carolina Panthers.
Early years.
Seaverns attended Adairsville High School in Adairsville, Georgia where he lettered in football, wrestling, track and cross country. In football, he was selected as the county Player of the Year as a senior.
College career.
Seaverns was a four-year letterman in college football at Appalachian State University. He finished second on the team in tackles (108) as a sophomore in 1999 and first (135) in 2000, earning second-team All-Southern Conference selections both seasons. He earned first-team all-conference honors as a senior in 2001 with a career-high 137 tackles in addition to a sack, two interceptions, a forced fumble and three fumble recoveries. Seaverns finished his collegiate career with 387 tackles (21 for a loss), 3.5 sacks, five interceptions, two forced fumbles and eight fumble recoveries in 47 games (37 starts).
Seaverns majored in business while at Appalachian State.
Professional career.
First stint with Dolphins.
After going undrafted in the 2002 NFL Draft, Seaverns signed with the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent on April 24. He was assigned No. 55. Seaverns appeared in three preseason games for the Dolphins, including one start, but was waived by the team on August 25.
Indianapolis Colts.
Seaverns was claimed off waivers by the Indianapolis Colts on August 28, 2002. He was released by the team on September 3 and re-signed to the practice squad the following day. He spent the first eight games of the 2002 regular season on the Colts' practice squad.
Second stint with Dolphins.
Seaverns was re-signed by the Miami Dolphins off the Indianapolis Colts' practice squad on November 6, 2002. However, he was inactive for every game the rest of the season.
In 2003, Seaverns switched to No. 56 after linebacker Junior Seau was acquired and took No. 55. Seaverns suffered an ankle injury in May 2003, forcing him to miss the remainder of the team's minicamp. The Dolphins waived him on August 23.
Houston Texans.
Seaverns was signed to the practice squad of the Houston Texans on September 10, 2003. However, he was released by the team a week later on September 17.
Carolina Panthers.
Seaverns was signed to the practice squad of the Carolina Panthers on October 9, 2003 but was let go the same month.

</doc>
<doc id="20598327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598327" title="Heroic Fantasy (anthology)">
Heroic Fantasy (anthology)

Heroic Fantasy is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Gerald W. Page and Hank Reinhardt. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in April 1979.
The book collects fourteen short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors, together with an overall introduction by both editors and three essays on arms by Reinhardt alone.

</doc>
<doc id="20598337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598337" title="The Eternal Light">
The Eternal Light

The Eternal Light is an American radio and television program on the NBC Radio Network, produced in conjunction with the Jewish Theological Seminary, that was broadcast between 1944 and 1989. Featuring interviews, commentary, and award-winning dramas from the perspective of Judaism, it began on radio in 1944 and continued as a weekly radio program through 1989. A 1946 program, for example, dramatized humanitarian Lilian Wald's founding of New York City's Henry Street Settlement in 1895. A May 31, 1959, program featured a tour of the Holy Land narrated by Ralph Bellamy.
Beginning in 1952, "The Eternal Light" was also televised by NBC as part of its Sunday morning religious programming, along with "Frontiers of Faith" (produced in conjunction with the National Council of Churches) and the "Catholic Hour". By the mid-1950s, the program had an audience of more than six million weekly on radio and television. 
Milton E. Krents (1912–2000) was executive producer of "The Eternal Light" radio program for 44 years. NBC television's director for "The Eternal Light", along with its other Sunday morning televised religious programs, was Martin Hoade (1916–2006). The program's editor was Moshe Davis of the Jewish Theological Seminary, who explained its purpose to a "New York Times" interviewer: "The common man is always the hero in our show. We try to put a contemporary subject in a concept of eternity." NBC donated the air time and the Jewish Theological Seminary budgeted the show's production expenses. Spurning potential sponsorship offers, Davis told one persistent business executive, "My good man, God needs no sponsor". 
Among the notables appearing on the series were Alan Arkin, Joseph Cotten, Joan Crawford, Mel Ferrer, E. G. Marshall, Raymond Massey, Alexander Scourby, Maureen Stapleton, Elie Wiesel, and Gene Wilder. 
The program won numerous awards, including two Emmy Awards and many Emmy nominations and Peabody Awards in 1962, 1967, and 1973. Krents received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for his production of "The Eternal Light". In 2007, a documentary about the series, "The Eternal Light—A Historical Retrospective", won a New York Emmy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20598341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598341" title="Bahadurpur, Nepal">
Bahadurpur, Nepal

Bahadurpur, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598349" title="Provincial Archives of Funen">
Provincial Archives of Funen

The Provincial Archives of Funen () is part of the Danish State Archives, and is a culture institution under the Danish Ministry of Culture. It is located in Odense, in Denmark.
As all Danish State Archives its primary purpose is to collect, preserve and archive historically valuable records. The archive accept archival material from state authorities, local authorities and individuals within the geographically area of the former Funen County.
History.
The archive opened 1. November 1893, as the second of the three provincial archives envisioned in the first Danish archive law of 30. March 1889. The first visitor came two weeks later. Today the yearly visitors amount to 10.000. The archive magazines stores currently around 20 km of archival material.

</doc>
<doc id="20598354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598354" title="Chicago Board of Trade v. Christie Grain">
Chicago Board of Trade v. Christie Grain

Chicago Board of Trade v. Christie Grain, 198 U.S. 236 (1905), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which upheld sales of American grain for future delivery provided for by the rules of the Chicago Board of Trade of the state of Illinois. Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. delivered the majority opinion of the court, in which he wrote: 

</doc>
<doc id="20598355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598355" title="Human penis size">
Human penis size

The most accurate measurement of the human penis comes from several measurements at different times since there is natural minor variability in size due to arousal level, time of day, room temperature, frequency of sexual activity, and reliability of measurement. When compared to other primates, including large primates such as the gorilla, the human penis is largest, both in absolute terms and relative to the rest of the body.
Measurements vary, with studies that rely on self-measurement reporting a significantly higher average than those with staff measuring. However, the mean of an erect human penis is approximately in length. Flaccid penis length is a poor estimate of erect length.
Most of human penis growth happens between infancy and the age of five, and between about one year after the onset of puberty and, at latest, approximately 17 years of age.
A statistically significant correlation between penis size and the size of other body parts has not been found in research. Some environmental factors in addition to genetic, such as the presence of endocrine disruptors, can affect penis growth. An adult penis with an erect length of less than 7 cm (just under 3 inches), but otherwise formed normally, is referred to in medicine as a micropenis.
History.
Perceptions of penis size are culture-specific. In Ancient Greece and in Renaissance art, an uncircumcised and small penis was culturally seen as desirable in a man, whereas a bigger or circumcised penis was viewed as comical or grotesque. Ancient Rome may have had a contrary view, and a larger penis size was preferred in medieval Arabic literature. Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis relative to that of others, and many men who believe that their penis is of inadequate size have average-sized penises. The perception of having a large penis is often linked to higher self-esteem. Fears of shrinking of the penis in folklore have led to a type of mass hysteria called penis panic, though the penis legitimately can shrink in size due to scar tissue formation in the penis from a medical condition called Peyronie's disease. Marketers of penis enlargement products exploit fears of inadequacy, but there is no consensus in the scientific community of any non-surgical technique that permanently increases either the thickness or length of the erect penis that already falls into the normal range.
Studies on penis size.
While results vary slightly across reputable studies, the consensus is that the mean human penis is in the range in length with a 95% confidence interval of (10.7 cm, 19.1 cm) or, equivalently (4.23 in, 7.53 in) — that is, it is 95% certain that the true mean is at least 10.7 cm but not more than 19.1 cm.
Another reputable source claims that the relaxed (flaccid, non-tumescent) human penis has an average length of only and a diameter of (which would result in a circumference of roughly ) while fully erect ones have an average length of and a diameter of , resulting in an erect circumference of .
The mean penis size is slightly greater than the median size.
Length.
Flaccid length.
One study found the mean flaccid penis length to be (measured by staff). A review of several studies found average flaccid length to be . Length of the flaccid penis does not necessarily correspond to length of the erect penis; some smaller flaccid penises grow much longer, while some larger flaccid penises grow comparatively less.
The penis and scrotum can contract involuntarily in reaction to cold temperatures or nervousness, referred to by the slang term "shrinkage", due to action by the cremaster muscle. The same phenomenon affects cyclist and exercise bike users, with prolonged pressure on the perineum from the saddle and the straining of the exercise causing the penis and scrotum to contract involuntarily. An incorrect saddle may ultimately cause erectile dysfunction (see crotch pressure for more information).
Stretched length.
Neither patient age nor size of the flaccid penis accurately predicted erectile length. Stretched length most closely correlated with erect length.
Erect length.
Several scientific studies have been performed on the erect length of the adult penis. Studies which have relied on self-measurement, including those from Internet surveys, consistently reported a higher average length than those which used medical or scientific methods to obtain measurements.
The following staff-measured studies are each composed of different subgroups of the human population (i.e. specific age range and/or race; selection of those with sexual medical concerns or self-selection) which could cause a sample bias.
Erect circumference.
Similar results exist regarding studies of the circumference of the adult fully erect penis, with the measurement taken mid-shaft. As with length, studies that relied on self-measurement consistently reported a significantly higher average than those with staff measuring. In a study of penis size where measurements were taken in a laboratory setting, the average penis circumference when erect was 4.8 inches (12.3 cm).
Size at birth.
The average stretched penile length at birth is about , and 90% of newborn boys will be between . Limited growth of the penis occurs between birth and 5 years of age, but very little occurs between 5 years and the onset of puberty. The average size at the beginning of puberty is with adult size reached about 5 years later. W.A. Schonfeld published a penis growth curve in 1943.
Size with aging.
Authors of a paper reviewing research on area of penis sizes conclude that "flaccid penile length is just under at birth and changes very little until puberty, when there is marked growth."
Age is not believed to negatively correlate with penis size. “Individual research studies have... suggested that penis size is smaller in studies focusing on older men, but Wylie and Eardley found no overall differences when they collated the results of various studies a 60 year period,” however, there is some evidence to suggest that testicle size is getting progressively smaller with younger cohorts.
Variance in penis size.
Micropenis.
An adult penis with an erect length of less than 7 cm or 2.76 inches but otherwise formed normally is referred to in a medical context as having the micropenis condition. The condition affects 0.6% of men. Some of the identifiable causes are deficiency of pituitary growth hormone and/or gonadotropins, mild degrees of androgen insensitivity, a variety of genetic syndromes, and variations in certain homeobox genes. Some types of micropenis can be addressed with growth hormone or testosterone treatment in early childhood. Operations are also available to increase penis size in cases of micropenis in adults.
Environmental influence on penis size.
It has been suggested that differences in penis size between individuals are caused not only by genetics, but also by environmental factors such as culture, diet, and chemical or pollution exposure. Endocrine disruption resulting from chemical exposure has been linked to genital deformation in both sexes (among many other problems). Chemicals from both synthetic (e.g. pesticides, anti-bacterial triclosan, plasticizers for plastics) and natural (e.g. chemicals found in tea tree oil and lavender oil) sources have been linked to various degrees of endocrine disruption. Both PCBs and the plasticizer DEHP have been associated with smaller penis size. DEHP metabolites measured from the urine of pregnant women have been significantly associated with the decreased penis width, shorter anogenital distance, and the incomplete descent of testicles of their newborn sons, replicating effects identified in animals. Approximately 25% of US women have phthalate levels similar to those in the study. A 2007 study by University of Ankara, Faculty of Medicine found that penile size may decrease as a result of some hormonal therapy combined with external beam radiation therapy. In addition, some estrogen-based fertility drugs like diethylstilbestrol (DES) have been linked to genital abnormalities and/or a smaller than normal penis (microphallus).
Perceptions of penis size.
Historical perceptions.
According to Kenneth Dover's landmark study "Greek Homosexuality", Greek art had extreme interest in the genitals, but was not obsessed with size. The weekly Q&A column "The Straight Dope" deduces, based on pornographic Greek art work and Dover's aforementioned study, that in ancient Greece an uncircumcised and small penis was culturally seen as desirable in a man, whereas a bigger or circumcised penis was viewed as comical or grotesque, usually being found on "fertility gods, half-animal critters such as satyrs, ugly old men, and barbarians."
CBC Radio has suggested, based on several sources, that ancient Romans had a viewpoint contrary to that of the Greeks. This was also the case in medieval Arabic literature, where a longer penis was preferred, as described in an "Arabian Nights" tale called "Ali with the Large Member". As a witty satire of this fantasy, the 9th-century Afro-Arab author Al-Jahiz wrote: "If the length of the penis were a sign of honor, then the mule would belong to the Quraysh" (the tribe to which Muhammad belonged and from which he descended).
Penis size is also alluded to in the Bible:
18When she carried on her whoring so openly and flaunted her nakedness, I turned in disgust from her, as I had turned in disgust from her sister.19Yet she increased her whoring, remembering the days of her youth, when she played the whore in the land of Egypt20and lusted after her lovers there, whose members were like those of donkeys, and whose issue was like that of horses. , English Standard Version.
Male self-perception.
Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis relative to that of others, because of the foreshortening obtained from looking down, due to repeated observation of atypical penises in pornography, or because of the accumulation of fat at the base of the penis. A survey by sexologists showed that many men who believed that their penis was of inadequate size had average-sized penises. Another study found sex education of standard penile measurements to be helpful and relieving for patients concerned about small penis size, most of whom had incorrect beliefs of what is considered medically normal. The perception of having a large penis is linked to higher self-esteem.
Among gay men.
A study undertaken at Utrecht University found that the majority of homosexual men in the study regarded a large penis as ideal, and having one was linked to self-esteem. One study analysing the self-reported Kinsey data set found that the average penis of a homosexual man was larger than the average penis of their heterosexual counterparts (6.32 inches in length amongst gay men versus 5.99" in heterosexuals, and 4.95 inches circumference amongst gay men versus 4.80" in heterosexual men).
Anxiety about penis size.
Widespread private concerns related to penis size have led to a number of folklore sayings and popular culture reflections related to penis size. Penis panic is a form of mass hysteria involving the believed removal or shrinking of the penis, known as genital retraction syndrome. The penis can significantly shrink due to scar tissue formation from a condition called Peyronie's disease which affects up to 10% of men. Products such as penis pumps, pills, and other dubious means of penis enlargement are some of the most marketed products in email spam. At present there is no consensus in the scientific community of any non-surgical technique that permanently increases either the thickness or length of the erect penis that already falls into the normal range (4.5" to 7").
Penis size and size of other body parts.
A statistically significant correlation between penis size and the size of other body parts has not been found in research. One study, Siminoski and Bain (1993), found a weak correlation between the size of the stretched penis and foot size and height; however, it was too weak to be used as a practical estimator. Another investigation, Shah and Christopher (2002), which cited Siminoski and Bain (1993), failed to find any evidence for a link between shoe size and stretched penis size, stating "the supposed association of penile length and shoe size has no scientific basis".
There may be a link between the malformation of the genitalia and the human limbs. The development of the penis in an embryo is controlled by some of the same Hox genes (in particular HOXA13 and HOXD13) as those that control the development of the limbs. Mutations of some Hox genes that control the growth of limbs cause malformed genitalia (Hand-Foot-Genital Syndrome).
Studies of size preferences among sexual partners.
In a small study conducted by University of Texas–Pan American and published in BMC Women's Health, 50 undergraduate women were surveyed by two popular male athletes on campus about their perceptions of sexual satisfaction and it was concluded that the width of a penis feels better than the length of a penis, when subjects are asked to choose between the two (size was left unspecified). It was also concluded that this may show that penis size overall affects sexual satisfaction since women chose between the two options they were given.
In a cover story by "Psychology Today", 1,500 readers (about two-thirds women) were surveyed about male body image. Many of the women were not particularly concerned with penis size and over 71% thought men overemphasized the importance of penis size and shape. Generally, the women polled cared more about width than men thought, and less about length than men thought, although the strength of caring for either among women showed a similar pattern.
Another study, conducted at Groningen University Hospital, asked 375 sexually active women (who had recently given birth) the importance of penis size and concluded: "Although clearly in the minority, a nevertheless considerable percentage of the women respondents attached substantial importance to the size of the male sexual organ".
A study conducted at the Australian National University, published in early 2013, showed that penis size influences a man’s sex appeal, and the taller the man, the bigger the effect. The study showed 3D computer generated images at life size, altering the height and other physical attributes, with women typically registering preferences in under 3 seconds. A preference for taller men's larger penis size was notable.
The term "size queen" is slang for a gay or bisexual man who prefers his sexual partner(s) to have a larger-than-average penis.
Comparison to other primates.
The human penis is both longer and thicker than that of any other primate, both in absolute terms and relative to the rest of the body. (See also Implications of differences in penis length and morphology for hypothesized advantages involving group sex which may have led to the evolution of a larger penis size in humans, and factors which may account for differences in average penis size within the human species)
Penis size and condom use.
One Australian study of 184 men looked at penis length and circumference in relationship to condom breakage or slippage. 3,658 condoms were used. The study found that when used correctly condoms had a breakage rate of 1.34% and a slippage rate of 2.05%, for a total failure rate of 3.39%. Penile dimensions did not influence slippage, but penis circumference and broken condoms were strongly correlated, with larger sizes increasing the rate of breakage.
References.
Notes
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="20598364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598364" title="Conversations avec J. M. G. Le Clézio">
Conversations avec J. M. G. Le Clézio

"Conversations avec J. M. G. Le Clézio" are the written dialogues in French from the conversations from September 2.,1969 and from the January 11. until the January 16.,1971 when Pierre Lhoste interviewed French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
Introduction written by J. M. G. Le Clézio. Pierre Lhoste interviews J. M. G. Le Clézio. Illustrated.
Publication history.
At head of title: Pierre Lhoste."Entretiens ... diffusés sur la chaîne de France-Culture les 30 août et 2 septembre 1969 et du 11 au 16 janvier 1971."

</doc>
<doc id="20598388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598388" title="Humin (disambiguation)">
Humin (disambiguation)

Did you mean: Human?
Humin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598392" title="Priapus">
Priapus

In Greek mythology, Priapus or Priapos (), was a minor rustic fertility god, protector of livestock, fruit plants, gardens and male genitalia. Priapus is marked by his absurdly oversized, permanent erection, which gave rise to the medical term priapism. He became a popular figure in Roman erotic art and Latin literature, and is the subject of the often humorously obscene collection of verse called the "Priapeia".
Relationship with other deities.
Priapus was described as the son of Aphrodite by Dionysus, or the son of Dionysus and Chione, perhaps as the father or son of Hermes, and the son of Zeus or Pan, depending on the source. According to legend, Hera cursed him with impotence, ugliness and foul-mindedness while he was still in Aphrodite's womb, in revenge for the hero Paris having the temerity to judge Aphrodite more beautiful than Hera. The other gods refused to allow him to live on Mount Olympus and threw him down to Earth, leaving him on a hillside. He was eventually found by shepherds and was brought up by them.
Priapus joined Pan and the satyrs as a spirit of fertility and growth, though he was perennially frustrated by his impotence. In a ribald anecdote told by Ovid, he attempted to rape the goddess Hestia but was thwarted by an ass, whose braying caused him to lose his erection at the critical moment and woke Hestia. The episode gave him a lasting hatred of asses and a willingness to see them destroyed in his honour. The emblem of his lustful nature was his permanent erection and his giant penis.Another myth states that he pursued the nymph Lotis until the gods took pity on her and turned her into a lotus plant.
Worship and attributes.
The first extant mention of Priapus is in the eponymous comedy "Priapus", written in the 4th century BC by Xenarchus. Originally worshipped by Greek colonists in Lampsacus in Asia Minor, the cult of Priapus spread to mainland Greece and eventually to Italy during the 3rd century BC. Lucian ("De saltatione") tells that in Bithynia Priapus was accounted as a warlike god, a rustic tutor to the infant Ares, "who taught him dancing first and war only afterwards," Karl Kerenyi observed. Arnobius is aware of the importance accorded Priapus in this region near the Hellespont. Also, Pausanias notes:
In later antiquity, his worship meant little more than a cult of sophisticated pornography.
Outside his "home" region in Asia Minor, Priapus was regarded as something of a joke by urban dwellers. However, he played a more important role in the countryside, where he was seen as a guardian deity. He was regarded as the patron god of sailors and fishermen and others in need of good luck, and his presence was believed to avert the evil eye.
Priapus does not appear to have had an organized cult and was mostly worshiped in gardens or homes, though there are attestations of temples dedicated to the god. His sacrificial animal was the ass, but agricultural offerings (such as fruit, flowers, vegetables and fish) were also very common.
Long after the fall of Rome and the rise of Christianity, Priapus continued to be invoked as a symbol of health and fertility. The 13th century Lanercost Chronicle, a history of northern England and Scotland, records a "lay Cistercian brother" erecting a statue of Priapus ("simulacrum Priapi statuere") in an attempt to end an outbreak of cattle disease.
In the 1980s, D. F. Cassidy founded the St. Priapus Church as a modern church centred on worship of the phallus.
Depictions.
Priapus' iconic attribute was his priapism (permanently erect penis); he probably absorbed some pre-existing ithyphallic deities as his cult developed. He was represented in a variety of ways, most commonly as a misshapen gnome-like figure with an enormous erect phallus. Statues of Priapus were common in ancient Greece and Rome, standing in gardens or at doorways and crossroads. To propitiate Priapus, the traveller would stroke the statue's penis as he passed by. The Athenians often conflated Priapus with Hermes, the god of boundaries, and depicted a hybrid deity with a winged helmet, sandals, and huge erection.
Statues of Priapus were often hung with signs bearing epigrams, collected in "Priapeia" (treated below), which threatened sexual assault towards transgressors of the boundaries that he protected:
Another example comes from the works of Martial (6.73):
A number of Roman paintings of Priapus have survived. One of the most famous images of Priapus is that from the House of the Vettii in Pompeii. A fresco depicts the god weighing his phallus against a bag full of money; it appears that his phallus is heavier. In nearby Herculaneum, an excavated snack bar has a painting of Priapus behind the bar, apparently as a good-luck symbol for the customers.
In literature.
Priapus was a frequent figure in Latin erotic or mythological verse, including the anonymous collection of poems called the "Priapeia", several of which are "spoken" by him in the first person.
In Ovid's "Fasti", the nymph Lotis fell into a drunken slumber at a feast, and Priapus seized this opportunity to advance upon her. With stealth he approached, and just before he could embrace her, Silenus's donkey alerted the party with "raucous braying". Lotis awoke and pushed Priapus away, but her only true escape was to be transformed into the lotus tree. To punish the donkey for spoiling his opportunity, Priapus bludgeoned it to death with his gargantuan phallus. In later versions of the story, Lotis is replaced with the virginal goddess Hestia. Ovid's anecdote served to explain why donkeys were sacrificed to Priapus in the city of Lampsacus on the Hellespont, where he was worshipped among the offspring of Hermes.
Priapus is repeatedly mentioned in Petronius's "Satyricon". William Arrowsmith, in the introduction and notes to his translation of the work, draws parallels between his hounding of the protagonist and that of Poseidon in Homer's "Odyssey".
Priapus is mentioned in Geoffrey Chaucer's "The Merchant's Tale", part of "The Canterbury Tales".
During a description of a garden that the protagonist, Januarie, creates, Priapus is invoked in his form as God of gardens:
<poem>
"Ne Priapus ne myghte nat suffise,"
"Though he be God of gardyns, for to telle"
"The beautee of the gardyn and the welle,"
"That stood under a laurer alwey grene." 
Priapus might not suffice,
Though he be god of gardens, to tell
Of the beauty of the garden and the well
That stood under the laurel, always green.
</poem>
Priapus serves to remind the reader, or listening audience, that Januarie's intentions are driven by lust and not love.
Priapus is mentioned in William Carlos Williams's poem "Paterson". Priapus is also mentioned in John Steinbeck's "East of Eden": "She conducted her house like a cathedral dedicated to a sad but erect Priapus."
T.S. Eliot refers to Priapus in his poem "Mr. Appolinax" (published in "Prufrock and Other Observations", 1920): "When Mr. Apollinax visited the United States / His laughter tinkled among the teacups. / I thought of Fragilion, that shy figure among the birch-trees,/ And of Priapus in the shrubbery / Gaping at the lady in the swing."
Priapus is also mentioned in Vladimir Nabokov's "Invitation to a Beheading": "Or when you, with eyes closed tight, devouring a spurting peach and then, having finished, but still swallowing, with your mouth still full, you cannibal, your glazed eyes wandered, your fingers were spread, your inflamed lips were all glossy, your chin trembled, all covered with drops of the cloudy juice, which trickled down onto your bared bosom, while the Priapus who had nourished you suddenly, with a convulsive oath, turned his back to me, who had entered the room at the wrong moment."
Priap is mentioned as well in Nabokov's "Lolita": "She was the loveliest nymphet green-red-blue Priap himself could think up".
Patron of merchant sailing.
Priapus’ role as a patron god for merchant sailors in ancient Greece and Rome is that of a protector and navigational aide. Recent shipwreck evidence contains apotropaic items carried onboard by mariners in the forms of a terracotta phallus, wooden Priapus figure, and bronze sheath from a military ram. Coinciding with the use of wooden Priapic markers erected in areas of dangerous passage or particular landing areas for sailors, the function of Priapus is much more extensive than previously thought.
Although Priapus is commonly associated with the failed attempts of rape against the nymphs Lotis and Vesta in Ovid’s comedy Fasti and the rather flippant treatment of the deity in urban settings, Priapus’ protection traits can be traced back to the importance placed on the phallus in ancient times (particularly his association with fertility and garden protection). In Greece, the phallus was thought of to have a mind of its own, animal-like, separate from the mind and control of the man. Represented in its erect form, the phallus was present in almost every aspect of daily life, reaffirming the male-dominant state of affairs in its overt presence. The phallus is also associated with “possession and territorial demarcation” in many cultures, attributing to Priapus’ other role as a navigational deity.
Modern derivations.
Medical terminology.
The medical condition priapism derives its name from Priapus, alluding to the god's permanently engorged penis.

</doc>
<doc id="20598402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598402" title="Walter Balderson">
Walter Balderson

Walter Balderson (born September 19, 1926) is an American television editor and video engineer, who participated in the advent of color television beginning in the early 1950s and later was one of the first editors to use videotape for instant replay on network television sports events. Nominated for three Emmys during his 35-year career with NBC (1949–1984), Balderson won an Emmy in 1977 for "Outstanding Individual Achievement", in recognition of his work on NBC's "The First 50 Years" special program.
Early years.
Born near Montross, Virginia, in 1926 as the youngest of nine children, Balderson attended Washington and Lee High School there until 1944, when he joined the Navy during World War II. After serving aboard the destroyer USS "George K. MacKenzie" in 1945–1946, he studied radio and television engineering at Central Technical Institute in Kansas City, Missouri.
Broadcasting career.
Balderson began his broadcasting career in 1949 as an engineer with NBC owned-and-operated radio station WRC-AM in Washington, D. C. Desiring to be a part of the nascent television industry at the network level, he moved in 1950 to NBC's New York City headquarters studios at 30 Rockefeller Plaza to work as an engineer and cameraman, spanning news, entertainment, and sports programming. 
In addition to such New York-originated live entertainment shows of the period as Milton Berle's "Texaco Star Theater", Balderson covered news events such as the inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower as President of the U.S. in 1953, and was selected to be the sole pool cameraman inside the White House for Ike's meeting with outgoing President Harry S. Truman on Inauguration Day. Balderson later recalled the occasion in a newspaper interview: "I think this was probably my greatest thrill. I was feeding pictures to NBC, CBS, ABC. The only thing that concerned me was that something might happen to the camera. "
With the beginning of color television in the early 1950s, Balderson was cameraman for the "Bob Hope Special", the first NBC color broadcast after the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) formally approved the compatible color system developed by NBC's then-owner, RCA. He later recalled that the gigantic RCA TK-40 and TK-41 color cameras required more than an hour to set up and were comparatively unstable, making frequent adjustment necessary to maintain correct registration of the red, green, and blue primary colors. These cameras also required complicated control consoles and rack-mounted power supplies for the camera's many vacuum tubes and ventilator fans cooling their large image orthicon tubes. 
During his career with NBC, Balderson covered every Democratic and Republican convention between 1952–1984. In the mid-1960s, he flew with President Lyndon B. Johnson across the Pacific Ocean, covering LBJ's Vietnam War visit to that war-torn southeast Asian country.
Beginning in the 1960s, Balderson was chief videotape editor for the "Huntley-Brinkley Report" and later worked with NBC News Department's anchormen John Chancellor and Tom Brokaw as videotape editor of the "Nightly News". He once described the two hours before the live network telecast as "very hectic, there's a lot of running around and hollering. Sometimes we go right up to 6:29 pm before the package is ready to televise at 6:30 pm."
Among his notable video engineering assignments for NBC were such New York-originated programs as the "Perry Como Show", "The Tonight Show" starring Steve Allen and then Jack Paar followed by Johnny Carson, and the celebrated "Bell Telephone Hour" during network television's "Golden Age". Balderson engineered NBC's first electronically edited show, "Kraft Music Hall". He also edited the popular quiz show "Twenty One" for its two-year run (1956–1958), which was later exposed as fixed during the quiz show scandals of the late 1950s. Balderson subsequently told a newspaper reporter that although he was video tape editor for the program's entire run, he "had no idea it was rigged". He described producer Dan Enright standing next to him in the control room once becoming enraged when contestant Charles Van Doren missed an answer (which Enright had supplied in advance to assure Van Doran's winning). Only after the scandal was later revealed did Balderson realize the true reason for Enright's anger.
Balderson was one of the first editors to use videotape for instant replay in sports events televised by NBC in the early 1960s. He was tapped as on-location videotape editor by NBC for many of the network's premier sports events during the 1960s–1980s, including baseball's World Series, NFL and college football, and the 1972 Winter Olympics from Sapporo, Japan.
Awards.
Balderson garnered three Emmy nominations during his 35-year career with NBC and in 1977 won the Emmy for "Outstanding Individual Achievement" for editing NBC's 50th anniversary special in 1976, "The First 50 Years". In 1973, he was nominated for an Emmy for outstanding achievement in videotape editing of "NBC Nightly News". He was also Emmy-nominated for his work on "The Eternal Light", an acclaimed NBC Sunday morning religious program.
Later years.
After retirement from NBC in 1984, Balderson moved from New York to Florida, where he currently lives in Clearwater.

</doc>
<doc id="20598410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598410" title="Albert S. D'Agostino">
Albert S. D'Agostino

Albert S. D'Agostino (27 December 1892 – 14 March 1970) was an American art director. He was nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 339 films between 1921 and 1959.
He was born in New York City, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
D'Agostino was nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20598415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598415" title="Earl Larkin Williams">
Earl Larkin Williams

Earl Larkin Williams (August 22, 1903-February 7, 1974) was an American astronomer and mathematician.
Early life and education.
Earl Larkin Williams was born August 22, 1903. He received his A.B. in 1924 and his A.M. a year later, both from Swarthmore College. He also studied at the University of Pennsylvania, Ohio State University, and the University of Michigan.
Career.
In addition to working at The George Washington University, Williams held positions as an Instructor in Mathematics and Astronomy at Muhlenberg College (1925–26), Instructor of Astronomy at Ohio State University (1920–1931) and Assistant Professor of Astronomy at Denison University for one semester in 1931. Beyond his employment as a professor, Williams also held a position as the Assistant Latitude Observer of U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey operating an observatory at Gaithersburg, Md. from 1932 to 1941. He was a member of the American Astronomical Society, the International Astronomical Union, the American Geophysical Union, Gamma Alpha, Sigma Xi (associate), and Pi Delta Epsilon. Earl Larkin Williams wrote a few newspaper articles in 1941 on total solar eclipse expeditions. He also wrote in the Transaction of the International Astronomical Union in 1935 "On the Instrumental Adjustment of a Zenith Telescope", in which he proposed a new method of offsetting the effect of flexure by making the middle thread of the telescope follow the meridian precisely at all zenith distances. Williams was appointed as an Associate of Mathematics at The George Washington University in 1941. In 1945, he became a Lecturer in Mathematics until 1948. He again became an Associate of Mathematics from 1948 through 1949. Williams then became and remained a Lecturer in Mathematics from 1949 until his resignation from the university January 31, 1955.
Death and afterward.
According to the obituary in the Washington Post, Williams died on February 7, 1974 and was buried in the Gartner Sandison Funeral Home in Maryland. Because Earl Larkin Williams was only employed by The George Washington University for fourteen years and only as a Lecturer and Associate in Mathematics, there is a limited knowledge about his accomplishments. Williams is mentioned in the 1946 Cherry Tree Yearbook as a member of the math faculty and he is mentioned in the 1946 George Washington University Bulletin. The only information on Williams’ achievements at George Washington is found in his personal records in the archives section of the library.
Marriage and children.
Williams married Helen Ball Shawaker on June 9, 1931 in Columbus, Ohio. Helen was born May 12, 1905 in Columbus, Franklin County, Ohio. She died March 29, 1972 in Gaithersburg, Maryland. Helen was the daughter of Frank Albert Schauweker. Helen and Earl had four children: Judith Jane, Keith, Linda A. and Greg. Earl Helen and Greg were cremated and their cremains are with Linda in Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="20598455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598455" title="Kurt-Caesar Hoffmann">
Kurt-Caesar Hoffmann

Vizeadmiral Kurt-Caesar Hoffmann (26 August 1895 – 19 May 1988) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II and commander of the battleship . The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Hoffmann joined the military service of the Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) on 1 April 1912 as a "Seekadett" (midshipman) and took his first ship training on the cruiser . On 1 April 1913 he underwent further training at the Naval Academy Mürwik and on 12 April 1913 was promoted to "Fähnrich zur See" (ensign at sea).
He relinquished command of the Coastal Artillery School and was appointed commander of the light cruiser on 27 June 1939. After the outbreak of World War II, he initially remained in command of "Königsberg". On 21 September 1939 he took over command from "Kapitän zur See" Otto Ciliax of the battleship "Scharnhorst". "Scharnhorst"s first operation began on 21 November 1939 lasting until 27 November 1939. Accompanied by her sister , the light cruiser , and nine destroyers, "Scharnhorst" patrolled the area between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. The intent of the operation was to draw out British units and ease the pressure on the heavy cruiser , which was being pursued in the South Atlantic. Two days later, the German flotilla, under the command of Admiral Wilhelm Marschall aboard "Gneisenau", intercepted the auxiliary cruiser . At 16:07, lookouts aboard "Scharnhorst" spotted the British vessel, and less than an hour later "Scharnhorst" had closed the range. At 17:03, "Scharnhorst" opened fire, and three minutes later a salvo of her 28 cm guns hit "Rawalpindi"s bridge, killing the captain and the majority of the staff. During the brief engagement, "Rawalpindi" managed to score at hit on "Scharnhorst", which caused minor splinter damage. "Rawalpindi" was sunk within 40 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20598461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598461" title="Apollonius (physician)">
Apollonius (physician)

Apollonius was the name of several physicians in the time of Ancient Greece and Rome:
Another physician of this name, who is mentioned by Apuleius, as having been bitten by a mad dog, must (if he ever really existed) have lived in the 2nd century AD. The name occurs in several ancient authors, belonging to one or more physicians, without any distinguishing epithet.

</doc>
<doc id="20598463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598463" title="Grangerland, Texas">
Grangerland, Texas

Grangerland is an unincorporated community in east central Montgomery County, Texas, United States.
The United States Postal Service Grangerland Post Office is located at 15917 Farm to Market Road 3083.

</doc>
<doc id="20598467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598467" title="Shergo Biran">
Shergo Biran

Shergo Biran (born 4 January 1979 in West Berlin) is a German football player of Albanian ethnic origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20598476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598476" title="Nokia 2610">
Nokia 2610

The Nokia 2610, released in Q1 2006, is a mobile phone manufactured by Nokia.
Design.
The Nokia 2610 is a candybar-style phone that weighs 91 grams, with its buttons operated by the thumb. It has a CSTN colour screen with 65,536-colour display. It uses a D-pad and two selection buttons, one on each side, with a Send and End key like native S40 devices. The End key is also used to turn the phone on and off.

</doc>
<doc id="20598478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598478" title="House of Orbeliani">
House of Orbeliani

The Orbeliani () was a Georgian noble family (tavadi), which branched off the Baratashvili family in the 17th century and later produced several lines variously called Orbeliani, Orbelishvili (ორბელიშვილი), Qaplanishvili (ყაფლანიშვილი), and Jambakur(ian)-Orbeliani (ჯამბაკურ[იან]-ორბელიანი). They were prominent in Georgia’s politics, culture, and science; remained so under the Russian rule in the 19th century – when most of the Orbeliani lines were received among the princely nobility (knyaz) of the Russian Empire – and into the 20th century.
History.
The Orbeliani sprang off the princes Baratashvili – themselves possible descendants of the medieval house of Liparitid-Orbeli – amid the bloody family feuds in the 17th century. The latter-day Orbeliani claimed Chinese imperial descent and the gentilitial title of Janbakur (later Jambakur; in Persian, "Son of Heaven of China").
This new princely dynasty received the surname of Orbelishvili (later Orbeliani) or Qaplanishvili after its two early members – Orbel (fl. 1600) and his son Qaplan (killed in 1671). The Orbeliani were in possession of a large fief called Saorbelo or Saqaplanishvilo which comprised the southern part of the Baratashvili princedom (Sabaratiano), including much of the Ktsia and the Dmanisi valleys in what is now the Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia. They were considered among the six "undivided" houses of the Kingdom of Kartli, which outranked those that had succumbed to the weakening division of their dynastic allods.
By the 18th century, the Orbeliani exercised sovereignty over almost 100 lesser noble families (aznauri) and 2,000 peasants who lived in nearly 160 villages. They had a palace and familial abbey in Tandzia, castles at Dmanisi, Kveshi and Khuluti, and monasteries in Pitareti and Dmanisi. The members of the Orbeliani family were enfe0ffed of the offices of High Constable of Somkhiti, Lord Chief Justice and, jointly with the House of Mukhrani and Panaskerteli, Prince-Master of the Palace of Georgia.
Towards the end of the 18th century, the Orbeliani left their patrimonial estates in Kvemo Kartli – plagued by incessant forays by the Turkic tribes – and resettled in Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia.
After the Russian annexation of Georgia, seven Orbeliani lines were recognized in a princely rank: four as Princes Dzhambakurian-Orbeliani (), one as Princes Dzhambakur-Orbelianov (Джамбакур-Орбелианов), and two as Princes Orbelianov (Орбельянов):

</doc>
<doc id="20598480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598480" title="Václav Havel (canoeist)">
Václav Havel (canoeist)

Václav Havel (5 October 1920 – 14 December 1979) was a Czechoslovak slalom and sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the late 1950s. He was born in Prague (where he also died).
Havel won a silver medal in the C-2 10,000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. He won a bronze medal in the C-2 1,000 m event at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Copenhagen.
He also competed in slalom canoeing, winning three medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in the C-2 event. This included two silvers (1957, 1959) and a bronze (1951).

</doc>
<doc id="20598485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598485" title="1999 du Maurier Open – Men's Singles">
1999 du Maurier Open – Men's Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20598511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598511" title="Udayapur">
Udayapur

Udayapur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598525" title="Jiří Pecka">
Jiří Pecka

Jiří Pecka (June 4, 1917 - May 12, 1997) was a Czechoslovak slalom and sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the mid-1950s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Pecka also won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Copenhagen.
He also won a gold medal in the mixed C-2 event at the 1955 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Tacen.

</doc>
<doc id="20598530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598530" title="Kalimpong subdivision">
Kalimpong subdivision

Kalimpong subdivision is a subdivision of the Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of the Kalimpong municipality and three community development blocks: Kalimpong–I, Kalimpong–II and Gorubathan. The three blocks contain 42 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Kalimpong.
Area.
Apart from Kalimpong municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 42 gram panchayats under three community development blocks: Kalimpong–I, Kalimpong–II and Gorubathan.
Blocks.
Kalimpong–I block.
Kalimpong–I block consists of rural areas with 18 gram panchayats, viz. Bong, Kalimpong, Samalbong, Tista, Dr. Grahams Homes, Lower Echhay, Samthar, Neembong, Dungra, Upper Echhay, Seokbir, Bhalukhop, Yangmakum, Pabringtar, Sindepong, Kafer Kanke Bong, Pudung and Tashiding. This block has one police station at Kalimpong. Headquarters of this block is in Kalimpong.
Kalimpong–II block.
Kalimpong–II block consists of rural areas only with 13 gram panchayats, viz. Dalapchand, Kashyong, Lole, Lingseykha, Gitabling, lava-Gitabeong, Payong, Kage, Lingse, Shangse, Pedong, Syakiyong and Shantook. This block is served by Kalimpong police station. Headquarters of this block is in Algarah.
Gorubathan block.
Gorubathan block consists of rural areas only with 11 gram panchayats, viz. Dalim, Gorubathan–I, Gorubathan–II, Patengodak, Todeytangta, Kumai, Pokhreybong, Samsing, Aahaley, Nim and Rongo. This block has two police stations: Gorubathan and Jaldhaka. Headquarters of this block is in Fagu.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the whole are under the subdivision, viz. the Kalimpong municipality and the three blocks of Kalimpong–I, Kalimpong–II and Gorubathan together will constitute the Kalimpong assembly constituency of West Bengal. This constituency will be part of Darjeeling Lok Sabha constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="20598535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598535" title="AIDS Vaccine Advocacy Coalition">
AIDS Vaccine Advocacy Coalition

AVAC is a New York City-based international non-profit community- and consumer-based organization working to accelerate ethical development and delivery of AIDS vaccines and other HIV prevention options to populations throughout the world. Founded in 1995, AVAC uses public education, policy analysis, advocacy and Community Mobilization to accelerate a comprehensive response to the pandemic.
Communication Strategies:
AVAC's goal is to involve affected populations in work to promote the ethical introduction and distribution of life-saving HIV/AIDS technologies such as vaccines and microbicides.
AVAC works to provide independent analysis, policy advocacy, public education and mobilisation to enhance AIDS vaccine research and development. A key channel for these efforts is the AVAC website, which is designed to support a network of individuals by sharing research, policy alerts, and strategies for action. Various links and resources designed to inform and engage vaccine advocates are offered.
Partners.
Funders include The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative, Until There's a Cure Foundation, Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, the Gill Foundation, and the Overbrook Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20598567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598567" title="Pokharathok">
Pokharathok

Pokharathok may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598576" title="Aleosteus">
Aleosteus

Aleosteus is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm fish. Its fossils have been found in the Late Emsian strate of the Sevy Dolomite Formation, in the Egan Range of east-central Nevada, USA. Almost complete fossils belong to juvenile and adult specimens and show a short and broad skull, posteriorly concave.

</doc>
<doc id="20598577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598577" title="Corallian Oolite Formation">
Corallian Oolite Formation

The Corallian Oolite Formation is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Late Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20598587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598587" title="Uwe Neuhaus">
Uwe Neuhaus

Uwe Neuhaus (born 26 November 1959 in Hattingen) is a retired German football player and a football manager currently in charge of 1. FC Union Berlin.
Coaching career.
Neuhaus was head coach of Wattenscheid 09 II from November 1995 to June 1996 and VfB Hüls from October 1997 to June 1998. Neuhaus had a stint as assistant coach at Borussia Dortmund from July 1998 until he became head coach of Borussia Dortmund II in June 2004. He was there until he became head coach of Rot-Weiss Essen in April 2005. Rot-Weiss Essen sacked Neuhaus in November 2006. Neuhaus has been head coach of Union Berlin since July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20598596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598596" title="Dan Cramer">
Dan Cramer

Daniel John Cramer (born October 31, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist. A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Cramer made a name for himself by making his professional debut for the Ultimate Fighting Championships (UFC), as well as being a competitor on SpikeTV's "". Cramer currently fights for Bellator Fighting Championships in their middleweight division, holding a record of 7-2 for the promotion.
Biography.
Cramer graduated from Bethel High School, in his hometown of Bethel, Connecticut, in 2003. Cramer then attended the University of Connecticut, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in economics. While attending college, he played on the rugby team and was captain of the hockey team. After graduating, Cramer got a job working as a manager for a local country club.
Mixed martial arts career.
Cramer began training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the age of sixteen. He later started his mixed martial arts training with the American Top Team of Connecticut and Best Way Brazilian Jiu Jitsu led by Luigi Mondelli, a five time Pan Am Jiu Jitsu champion. 
Before being on "The Ultimate Fighter", Cramer held a 3-0 amateur record. After the filming of "The Ultimate Fighter", Cramer moved to Coconut Creek, Florida to train with the main American Top Team academy.
The Ultimate Fighter.
Cramer was a contestant on the seventh season of "The Ultimate Fighter". In order for the fighters to make it on the show, they had to win an elimination fight. Cramer won his elimination round fight against Jeremiah Riggs via unanimous decision. Cramer was selected to be a part of Team Rampage. 
Cramer then defeated Luke Zachrich by technical knockout in the second round. In the semi-final matchup, Cramer was paired off against Team Forrest's first pick, Tim Credeur. Credeur submitted Cramer with a heel hook to end Cramer's run in the tournament. After the fight, Cramer said he made a rookie mistake and he should have won the fight.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Cramer was set to make his debut at against former cast mate Cale Yarbrough. Cramer broke his collar bone and was forced to withdraw from the fight.
In Cramer's professional MMA and UFC debut, he defeated Matt Arroyo at UFC 94: St. Pierre vs. Penn 2, and won the fight by split decision. The judges scored the fight (29-28, 28-29, 29-28).
Cramer next fought his former "Ultimate Fighter" cast mate Matthew Riddle at UFC 101. He lost the bout by unanimous decision. The judges scored the bout 29-27, 30-26 and 30-27. Cramer was cut from the UFC after his loss to Riddle.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
After leaving the UFC, Cramer recorded a pair of wins before he signed to fight Dennis Olson in a middleweight contest that took place at Bellator 15. Cramer dominated the bout, and won via unanimous decision with all three judges giving him a 30-27 win. 
Cramer fought fellow "TUF" alumni, Dante Rivera, for a one-off show from Bellator at Great Adventure in New Jersey. After three very close rounds, the fight went to the judges and Rivera was awarded the win via split decision (30-27, 30-27, 28-29). Judge Doug Crosby was the only dissenting voice on the cards, scoring the fight 29-28 to Cramer. Many spectators believed Cramer won, even booing the hometown favorite Rivera.
He returned to Bellator for its last season three event, Bellator 34, against Igor Almeida. Cramer defeated Almeida via TKO (cut) at 2:36 of round one. That was Cramer's first professional win via stoppage.
At Bellator 39, Cramer fought Greg Rebello at the Mohegan Sun casino in Uncasville, Connecticut. He won via unanimous decision.
Cramer made his fourth Bellator appearance at Bellator 46 against Josh Samman. Cramer controlled the entirety of the fight, and won the fight via unanimous decision. Cramer brought his undefeated Bellator record to 4-0.
Cramer was expected to fight John Clarke on August 20, 2011 in Uncasville, Connecticut at Bellator 48. This was Cramer's fifth Bellator appearance. Clarke, however, withdrew due to an injury and Cramer faced newcomer Jeff "The Wolfman" Nader. Cramer dominated the fight throughout two rounds before losing via TKO in the third round. 
At , Cramer rematched Jeff "The Wolfman" Nader on the preliminary portion of the card. The event took place March 30, 2012 in Uncasville, Connecticut. He won the fight via split decision.
Cramer defeated Joe Lamoureux at on November 16, 2012 via KO in round one.
Bellator MMA announced Cramer as a competitor in the , at Cramer defeated Brian Rogers via unanimous decision in the Quarterfinal bout. He faced Brett Cooper in the semifinals on March 7, 2013 at . Despite winning the first two rounds, Cramer lost via TKO in the third round.

</doc>
<doc id="20598622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598622" title="Progressive Constitutionalist Party">
Progressive Constitutionalist Party

The Progressive Constitutionalist Party () was a political party in Mexico. The party was founded by Francisco I. Madero in 1910. The party supported Madero, and later General Venustiano Carranza. In 1929 the PCP merged into the National Revolutionary Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20598623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598623" title="National Highway 45 (India)">
National Highway 45 (India)

Grand Southern Trunk Road (GST Road) or National Highway 45 is one of the busiest National Highways in Southern India with a total length of . The highway exactly starts from Kathipara junction in Guindy, a very busy confluence of five roads in south Chennai and extends up to Theni. It connects Chennai to its airport and the southern suburbs. The two important Cities connected by this highway are Chennai and Trichy and the two important towns connected by this highway are Dindigul and Theni in Tamil Nadu. The highway has a 4 lane (2 lanes each direction) system between Chennai and Trichy, though a complete change to 6 lanes is being planned. And Dindigul - Theni part is under four lane construction. The Chennai International Airport is located on this highway within the Chennai City limits.
Traffic.
At night, the highway experiences a huge volume of traffic. On an average, around 10,000 lorries use this highway to reach Chennai every night. The highway has several motels and restaurants along the entire stretch, including five-star hotels such as Le Royal Meridien, Trident Hilton and Radisson GRT near the Chennai International Airport. Fatal accidents happen once in a while in this highway, mostly in the early mornings as the drivers sleep off while driving.The large amount of traffic on NH 45 is seen in between Chennai and Tindivanam.
Road Improvement Projects.
In an effort to circumvent these longstanding problems, many infrastructure projects are being carried out on this highway including road over-bridges along the Chennai Meenambakkam Airport road and several rail over-bridges over the railway crossings on the highway, which can cut travel time as well as reduce traffic congestion. The six-lane system is currently extended between Tindivanam and Trichy for a distance of around . Road sections between Tindivanam and Trichy, cholan nagar Trichy and Dindigul are opened to public traffic with the newly laid 4-lane system.
SEZ Corridor on GST Road, Chennai.
The SEZ Corridor is an emerging corridor along an important arterial road called Grand Southern Trunk Road or NH 45 or simply GST in Chennai, lined up with a number of SEZ. GST Road offers unparalleled accessibility and the best transportation infrastructure in Chennai in terms of connectivity as it is connected by road, rail and air which is the basis for the emerging of this new corridor. A number of SEZ projects has emerged in this stretch, making it the SEZ corridor of Chennai. It includes MEPZ SEZ established in 1984, Mahindra World City, New Chennai, Shriram's Gateway SEZ, Estancia SEZ, ETL Infrastructure and India Land SEZ.
It is also emerging as a major IT SEZ region with a number of huge investments by Infosys and India Land. Infosys has set up its largest development center in Mahindra SEZ while India Land Tech Park is developing a massive SEZ which is estimated to have office space for both IT and Electronics use. Shriram The Gateway SEZ, is an integrated township with IT/ITeS SEZ residential and mall, which is also home for IT majors like Accenture, Mahindra Satyam and EISL is an IT/ITES SEZ by ETL Infrastructure at Chingleput on .
Towns Connected.
The Chennai suburban railway, South Line from St.Thomas Mount to Villupuram and South West Line from St.Thomas Mount to Chengalpattu, travels all along this highway. This highway is separated into three major segments from Chennai to Theni based on the traffic volume.
Heavy Traffic.
Guindy - Alandur - Meenambakkam - Tirusulam - Pallavaram - Chromepet - Tambaram - Perungalathur(Chennai Bypass towards Maduravoyal on NH 4) - Vandalur - Urapakkam - Guduvancheri - Potheri - Kattangulathur - Maraimalai Nagar - Singaperumal Koil
Melmaruvathur - Acharapakkam - Karasangal - Panchalam -Tindivanam - Mailam - Perani - Vikravandi - Villupuram - Ulundurpettai - Perambalur - Padalur - Trichy - Srirangam - tolgate - palpannai mannarpuram - Karumandapam - dheeranagar
Moderate Traffic.
Trichy - Navalurkottapattu - Kulathur - Manapparai - Vaiampatti - Vadamadurai - Dindigul
Low Traffic.
Dindigal - Sembatti - Batlagundu - Periyakulam - Theni

</doc>
<doc id="20598641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598641" title="Jack Otterson">
Jack Otterson

Jack Otterson (25 August 1905 – 22 December 1991) was an American art director. He was nominated for eight Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 300 films between 1934 and 1953.
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Otterson was nominated for eight Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20598649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598649" title="Jayanagar, Nepal">
Jayanagar, Nepal

Jayanagar, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598655" title="Kurseong subdivision">
Kurseong subdivision

Kurseong subdivision is a subdivision of the Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of the Kurseong municipality, Mirik municipality and two community development blocks: Mirik and Kurseong. The two blocks contain 20 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Kurseong.
Area.
Apart from Kurseong municipality and Mirik municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 20 gram panchayats under two community development blocks: Mirik and Kurseong.
Blocks.
Mirik block.
Mirik block consists of rural areas with 6 gram panchayats, viz. Chenga Panighata, Paheligaon School Dara–I, Paheligaon School Dara–II, Soureni–I, Duptin and Soureni–II. This block has one police station at Mirik. Headquarters of this block is in Mirik.
Kurseong block.
Kurseong block consists of rural areas only with 14 gram panchayats, viz. Gayabari–I, Shivakhola, St. Marry's–III, Seetong–III, Gayabari–II, St. Marry's–I, Seetong–I, Sukna, Gayabari–III, St. Marry's–II, Seetong–II, Pandu, Chimney–Deorali and Mahanadi. This block has one police station at Kurseong. Headquarters of this block is in Kurseong.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the whole area under this subdivision, viz. the Kurseong municipality, the Mirik block, the Mirik municipality and the Kurseong block will be part of the Kurseong assembly constituency of West Bengal. This constituency will be an assembly segment of Darjeeling Lok Sabha constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="20598660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598660" title="Geographic information systems in China">
Geographic information systems in China

Geographic information systems (GIS) are becoming an increasingly important component of business, healthcare, security, government, trade, media, transportation and tourism industries and operations in China and GIS software are playing an increasing role in the way Chinese companies analyze and manage business operations.
History.
When GIS first became widely available in the 1980s and 1990s, the only source of geographic data for China was paper maps. Several universities elected to undertake the huge task of digitizing this information so that other researchers could use it.
The two earliest projects were conducted by The Australian Consortium for the Asian Spatial Information and Analysis Network (ACASIAN) at Griffith University and the China Data Center at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. ACASIAN specialized solely in spatial coverages while the China Data Center included GIS coverages as a supplemented to their primary mission of providing Chinese statistical and census data.
There is a great deal of high quality GIS data being produced in China by both government organizations and private companies. Today, China's National Spatial Data Infrastructure Project, uses the WGS84 standard.
In 1991, China's first color Map Editing and Publication System, MapCAD.
In 1995, China's first National Advanced GIS Software, Computer based GIS, MapGIS.
In 2005, The fourth generation of large scale distributed structure GIS, MapGIS 7.0
In 2009, China's GIS new ero -- MapGIS K9.
Geographic Names Information System.
China in the early 1980s began studies for the establishment of its Geographic Names Information System (地名信息系统), Geographic Names Information System Research Laboratory and the establishment of the National Atlas of geographical names database research.
Education.
The China Association for Geographic Information System (中国地理信息系统协会), Peking University and other institutes jointly sponsored the first "Innovation and Development, 2006 College GIS Forum", in Beijing. More than 300 experts and scholars attended the forum. Sessions involved China's geographic information system (GIS) research in multi-disciplinary fields, personnel training, and technology. China has now more than 500 institutions of higher learning training GIS-related professionals, of which more than 200 universities and colleges have established a GIS lab.
Industry.
The GIS industry in China is worth 400 billion yuan per annum as of November 2007. More than 300,000 people were involved in either building or using these systems, according to Zondy Cyber Group president Wu Xincai, who is also the president of the China Association for Geographic Information System. Almost 20,000 enterprises are estimated to have engaged in the industry. The biggest vendor of GIS in China is Zondy Cyber Group, followed by SuperMap. Around 2000 of these have GIS as a core discipline or function. The industry's rapid expansion is attributed to the country's economic development, which has led to an increase in capital input, from both government and businesses. Between 2001 and 2005 the Ministry of Information Industry allocated more than 20 million yuan to fund the development and application of GIS. GIS has been put to use in many spheres, including land survey, mineral exploitation, water conservancy and environmental protection. It also has applications in power generation, mapping, telecommunication, and the management of public administration and public services.
Notable persons.
Prof. Chen Shupeng, born in 1920, is considered the founding father of Remote Sensing and GIS in China, died on 25 November 2008.Chen started the [http://www.lreis.ac.cn/eng/index.htm State Key Laboratory of Resources and Environmental Information System (LREIS) in 1987.
Institutions.
Major institutions include:

</doc>
<doc id="20598670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598670" title="Merlin (Kayak album)">
Merlin (Kayak album)

Merlin is the eighth studio album by Dutch band Kayak. The first half of the original LP is a concept-story about Merlin the magician. The second half of the LP is a collection of individual songs.
In 2003, Kayak released a re-worked and longer version of the Merlin-story, under the title "Merlin - Bard Of The Unseen".
Track listing.
All songs composed by Ton Scherpenzeel, lyrics by Ton Scherpenzeel and Irene Linders
Lineup.
Ton Scherpenzeel - Keyboards, backing vocals (lead vocals on "Love's Aglow")
Max Werner - Drums, percussion, backing vocals
Johan Slager - Electric & acoustic guitars, banjo, flute
Edward Reekers - Lead and backing vocals
Peter Scherpenzeel - Bass guitar, recorder
Irene Linders - Backing vocals
Katherine Lapthorn - Backing vocals
Guest musicians.
Rein v/d Broek - Brass instruments
Benny Behr c.s. - Strings

</doc>
<doc id="20598673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598673" title="Rangapur">
Rangapur

Rangapur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20598695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598695" title="Sanitation in Dubai">
Sanitation in Dubai

Sanitation in Dubai involves planning and managing Dubai's waste and sewage management infrastructure. In the past, due to the rate of expansion of the city, there were problems with sewage capacity and connectivity but in recent years Dubai Municipality has greatly expanded capacity and at present the entirety of Dubai is connected to a central sewage system. In 2007, Dubai had 1,200 km of sewerage pipeline network. An additional 80 km was added in 2011 to connect Dubai Industrial City.
Sanitation Infrastructure.
Dubai Municipality maintains two main sanitation plants, one in Al Awir, and one in Jebel Ali. There are also several smaller sewage treatment plants around the emirate operated by private operators to serve specific districts or neighbourhoods. 
Al Awir Plant.
The sewage plant in Al Awir is one of the main areas of waste water treatment in Dubai. It has been significantly expanded in recent years.
The first phase of the plant has a designed capacity of 260,000 m³ per day
but by December 2007 it was dealing with almost 500,000 m³ per day. The second phase of the plant added 65,000 m³ of capacity and was commissioned in January 2008. The third phase of the plant was under study in 2007 and adds an extra 80,000 m³ capacity.
Jebel Ali plant.
The first two phases of the Jebel Ali plant were completed in April 2009 and it has begun operations, easing pressure on the Al Awir plant.
The second phase was completed in October 2010. The odour treatment plant was also completed.
The project cost over 1,500,000,000 AED, and covers an area of 670 hectares. It has the capacity to process 300,000 m³ of waste water per day.
A sewage water pumping station and pumping lines are being created as a second project at a cost 580,000,000 AED.
A sewage pumping station and the pumping lines linking up to the main treatment plant at Jebel Ali are being built at a cost of 191,000,000 AED.
In 2011, the Jebel Ali Sewage Treatment Plant was selected as the Water Reuse Project of the Year as part of the annual MEED Quality Awards.
2009 Sewage Issues.
During Dubai's economic boom in 2009 the city's rapid growth meant that it was stretching its existing sewage treatment infrastructure to its limits. Sewage from areas of Dubai not connected to the municipal piped network at the time was collected daily from thousands of septic tanks across the city and driven by tankers to the city's only sewage treatment plant at Al-Awir. Because of the long queues and delays, some tanker drivers resorted to illegally dumping the effluent into storm drains or behind dunes in the desert resulting in much controversy. The result of sewage dumped into storm drains was that it flowed directly into the Persian Gulf, near to the city's prime swimming beaches. Doctors warned that tourists using the beaches ran the risk of contracting serious illnesses like typhoid and hepatitis. 
Dubai's municipality says that it is committed to trying to catch the culprits and has imposed fines of up to $25,000 as well as threatening to confiscate tankers if dumping persists. The municipality maintains that test results show samples of the water are "within the standard".
As of September 2009, these queues and illegal dumping are no longer reported to be a problem, according to official government releases. In 2013 it was reported that the Jebel Ali plant receive 70% of sewage through the city's sewage network, while the remaining 30% comes from sewage trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="20598724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598724" title="Ramghat">
Ramghat


</doc>
<doc id="20598752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598752" title="Streisand effect">
Streisand effect

The Streisand effect is the phenomenon whereby an attempt to hide, remove, or censor a piece of information has the unintended consequence of publicizing the information more widely, usually facilitated by the Internet.
It is named after American entertainer Barbra Streisand, whose attempt in 2003 to suppress photographs of her residence in Malibu, California, inadvertently generated further publicity. Similar attempts have been made, for example, in cease-and-desist letters, to suppress numbers, files and websites. Instead of being suppressed, the information receives extensive publicity and media extensions such as videos and spoof songs, often being widely mirrored across the Internet or distributed on file-sharing networks.
Mike Masnick of Techdirt coined the term after Streisand unsuccessfully sued photographer Kenneth Adelman and Pictopia.com for violation of privacy. The US$50 million lawsuit endeavored to remove an aerial photograph of Streisand's mansion from the publicly available collection of 12,000 California coastline photographs. Adelman photographed the beachfront property to document coastal erosion as part of the California Coastal Records Project, which was intended to influence government policymakers. Before Streisand filed her lawsuit, "Image 3850" had been downloaded from Adelman's website only six times; two of those downloads were by Streisand's attorneys. As a result of the case, public knowledge of the picture increased substantially; more than 420,000 people visited the site over the following month.

</doc>
<doc id="20598754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598754" title="Hans-Jürgen Boysen">
Hans-Jürgen Boysen

Hans-Jürgen Boysen (born 30 May 1957) is a German former football player who is manager of Wormatia Worms. Before, he managed SV Sandhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="20598824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598824" title="List of California Health Districts">
List of California Health Districts

This List of California Health Districts is a list of the 78 health districts in existence in California.
History.
In 1945, the California Legislature passed the Local Hospital District Law which established the districts. In 1965, the Legislature passed the District Reorganization Act of 1965 which made changes to the law. In 1994, they were renamed as "health care districts", reflecting that health care was increasingly being provided outside of the hospital setting.
See also.
California Healthcare Foundation's paper on History of California Health Districts [http://www.chcf.org/topics/hospitals/index.cfm?itemID=120347]
Association of California Healthcare Districts [http://www.achd.org/]

</doc>
<doc id="20598826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598826" title="Arthur Hooper">
Arthur Hooper

Arthur Henry Hooper (born January 1889) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Brierley Hill, Staffordshire. He played for Kidderminster Harriers, Crystal Palace, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20598827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598827" title="Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election, 2008">
Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election, 2008

Rajasthan state assembly elections, 2008 were held in Indian state of Rajasthan on 4 December 2008. Results were announced on 8 December. Incumbent ruling party BJP lost to Congress.
Results.
Elected MLAs.
List of Elected Members of Legislative Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="20598847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598847" title="Kenneth Lane (canoeist)">
Kenneth Lane (canoeist)

Kenneth Lane (August 16, 1923 - January 22, 2010) was a Canadian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Lane was born in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="20598855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598855" title="Siliguri subdivision">
Siliguri subdivision

Siliguri subdivision is a subdivision of the Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of the Siliguri municipal corporation and four community development blocks: Matigara, Naxalbari, Phansidewa and Kharibari. The four blocks contain 22 gram panchayats and two census towns: Bairatisal and Uttar Bagdogra. The subdivision has its headquarters at Siliguri.
Area.
Apart from Siliguri municipal corporation, the subdivision contains rural areas of 22 gram panchayats under four community development blocks: Matigara, Naxalbari, Phansidewa and Kharibari.
Blocks.
Matigara block.
Matigara block consists of one census town: Bairatisal and rural areas with 5 gram panchayats, viz. Atharakhai, Matigara–I, Patharghata, Champasari and Matigara–II. This block has two police stations: Siliguri and Matigara. Headquarters of this block is in Kadamtala.
Naxalbari block.
Naxalbari block consists of one census town: Uttar Bagdogra and rural areas with 6 gram panchayats, viz. Gossaipur, Lower Bagdogra, Nakshalbari, Hatighisa, Maniram and Upper Bagdogra. This block has two police stations: Bagdogra and Naxalbari. Headquarters of this block is in Naxalbari.
Phansidewa block.
Phansidewa block consists of rural areas only with 7 gram panchayats, viz. Bidhannagar–I, Chathat-Bansgaon, Ghospukur, Jalas–Nijamtara, Bidhannagar–II, Fansideoa Bansgoan and Hetmuri–Singhijhara. This block has one police station at Phansidewa. Headquarters of this block is in Phansidewa.
Kharibari block.
Kharibari block consists of rural areas only with 4 gram panchayats, viz. Binnabari, Buraganj, Kharibari-Panishali and Raniganj–Panishali. This block has one police station at Kharibari. Headquarters of this block is in Kharibari.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, the ward no. 1 to 30 and 45 to 47 of the Siliguri municipal corporation will constitute the Siliguri assembly constituency of West Bengal. The Phansidewa block and the Kharibari block constitute the Phansidewa assembly constituency. The three villages of Sitong Forest, Sivok Hill Forest and Sivok Forest under the Champasari gram panchayat of the Matigara block will be part of Kurseong assembly constituency. Rest of the area under the Matigara block and the area under the Naxalbari block will constitute the Matigara–Naxalbari assembly constituency. The Phansidewa constituency will be reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST) candidates. The Matigara–Naxalbari constituency will be reserved for Scheduled castes (SC) candidates. All these four constituencies will be part of the Darjeeling Lok Sabha constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="20598861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598861" title="Corneliu E. Giurgea">
Corneliu E. Giurgea

__NOTOC__
Corneliu E. Giurgea was a Romanian psychologist and chemist.
In 1964, he synthetised Piracetam, which he has described as a nootropic.
Giurgea coined the term "nootropic" in 1972.
Nootropic characteristics.
He stated that nootropic drugs should have the following characteristics:
Biography.
He received a Ph.D. in medicine from the University of Bucharest, where he also taught for several years. He continued his research and specialisation at the Pavlov Institute of Physiology in Moscow, under some of Ivan Pavlov's closest collaborators such as Pyotyr Kupalov. He was then a post-doc at the University of Rochester and subsequently a professor at the Université catholique de Louvain and scientific counselor and researcher at the Belgian pharmaceutical company UCB.

</doc>
<doc id="20598876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598876" title="Sidney Evans">
Sidney Evans

Sidney Evans (born 1893 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Heath Town, West Midlands. 
After being spotted playing amateur football, Evans was brought to Cardiff City by then manager Fred Stewart in the clubs first season in The Football League, making his debut in a 1-0 defeat to Leeds United. In his second game he scored what would later turn out to be his only goal for the club during a 3-0 victory over Nottingham Forest. Having helped the club to win promotion to Division One he struggled to make an impact on the side in his second year due to the performances of Billy Grimshaw and later left the club, signing for Manchester United where he finished his professional career.

</doc>
<doc id="20598892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598892" title="Pavel Dochev">
Pavel Dochev

Pavel Dochev (born 28 September 1965 in Sofia) is a retired Bulgarian football defender who is a manager, most recently with Preußen Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="20598893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598893" title="Wachovia">
Wachovia

Wachovia (former NYSE ticker symbol WB) was a diversified financial services company based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Before its acquisition by Wells Fargo in 2008, Wachovia was the fourth-largest bank holding company in the United States based on total assets. Wachovia provided a broad range of banking, asset management, wealth management, and corporate and investment banking products and services. At its height, it was one of the largest providers of financial services in the United States, operating financial centers in 21 states and Washington, D.C., with locations from Connecticut to Florida and west to California. Wachovia provided global services through more than 40 offices around the world. The purchase of Wachovia by Wells Fargo and Company was completed on December 31, 2008. Wells Fargo acquired Wachovia after a government-forced sale to avoid a failure of Wachovia.
Starting in 2009, the Wachovia brand was absorbed into the Wells Fargo brand in a process that lasted three years. On October 15, 2011, the Wachovia brand was retired when the last bank branches in North Carolina were converted to Wells Fargo.
Business lines.
The company was organized into four divisions: General Bank (retail, small business, and commercial customers), Wealth Management (high net worth, personal trust, and insurance business), Capital Management (asset management, retirement, and retail brokerage services), and Corporate and Investment Bank (capital markets, investment banking, and financial advisory).
It served retail brokerage clients under the name Wachovia Securities nationwide as well as in six Latin American countries, and investment banking clients in selected industries nationwide. In 2009, Wachovia Securities was the first Wachovia business to be converted to the Wells Fargo brand, when the business became Wells Fargo Advisors. Calibre was an independent consultant that was hired by Wachovia for the Family Wealth Group to research managers. The group no longer uses Calibre.
The company's corporate and institutional capital markets and investment banking groups operated under the Wachovia Securities brand, while its asset management group operated under the Evergreen Investments brand until 2010, when the Evergreen fund family merged with Wells Fargo Advantage Funds, and institutional and high net worth products merged with Wells Capital Management and its affiliates.
Wachovia's private equity arm operated as Wachovia Capital Partners. Additionally, the asset-based lending group operated as Wachovia Capital Finance.
Origin of corporate name.
"Wachovia" ( ) has its origins in the Latin form of the Austrian name "Wachau". When Moravian settlers arrived in Bethabara, North Carolina, in 1753, they gave this name to the land they acquired, because it resembled the Wachau valley along the Danube River. The area formerly known as Wachovia now makes up most of Forsyth County, and the largest city is now Winston-Salem.
First Union.
First Union Corporation was founded as Union National Bank on June 2, 1908, a small banking desk in the lobby of a Charlotte hotel by H.M. Victor.
The bank merged with First National Bank and Trust Company of Asheville, North Carolina in 1958 to become First Union National Bank of North Carolina. First Union Corporation was incorporated in 1967. Other predecessor companies include the Bank of North America, the first bank proposed, chartered and incorporated in America on December 31, 1781.
Wachovia.
Legacy Wachovia Corporation began on June 16, 1879 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina as the Wachovia National Bank. The bank was opened by William Lemly. In 1911, the bank merged with Wachovia Loan and Trust Company, "the largest trust company between Baltimore and New Orleans", which had been founded on June 15, 1893. Wachovia grew to become one of the largest banks in the Southeast partly on the strength of its accounts from the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, which was also headquartered in Winston-Salem. On December 12, 1986, Wachovia purchased First Atlanta. Founded as Atlanta National Bank on September 14, 1865, and later renamed to First National Bank of Atlanta, this institution was the oldest national bank in Atlanta. This purchase made Wachovia one of the few companies with dual headquarters: one in Winston-Salem and one in Atlanta. In 1991, Wachovia entered the South Carolina market by acquiring South Carolina National Corporation, founded as the Bank of Charleston in 1834. In 1998, Wachovia acquired two Virginia-based banks, Jefferson National Bank and Central Fidelity Bank. In 1997, Wachovia acquired both 1st United Bancorp and American Bankshares Inc, giving its first entry into Florida. In 2000, Wachovia made its final purchase, which was Republic Security Bank.
Merger of First Union and Wachovia.
On April 16, 2001, Charlotte-based First Union Corporation announced it would purchase Winston-Salem based Wachovia Corporation (though the deal was advertised as a merger of equals). As an important part of the deal, First Union shed its name and assumed the Wachovia identity and stock ticker (NYSE:WB).
This merger was viewed with great surprise by the financial press and security analysts. While Wachovia had been viewed as an acquisition candidate after running into problems with earnings and credit quality in 2000, the suitor shocked analysts as many speculated that Wachovia would be sold to SunTrust.
The deal met with skepticism and criticism. Analysts, remembering the problems with the CoreStates acquisition, were concerned about First Union's ability to merge with another large company. Winston-Salem's citizens and politicians suffered a blow to their civic pride because Wachovia's corporate headquarters would move to Charlotte, a larger city than Winston-Salem. The city of Winston-Salem was concerned both by job losses and the loss of stature from losing a major corporate headquarters. First Union was concerned by the potential deposit attrition and customer loss in the city. First Union responded to these concerns by placing the wealth management and Carolinas-region headquarters in Winston-Salem.
On May 14, 2001, Atlanta-based SunTrust announced a rival takeover bid for Wachovia, the first hostile takeover attempt in the banking sector in many years. In its effort to make the deal appeal to investors, SunTrust argued that it would provide a smoother transition than First Union and offered a higher cash price for Wachovia stock than First Union.
Wachovia's board of directors rejected SunTrust's offer and supported the merger with First Union. SunTrust continued its hostile takeover attempt, leading to a bitter battle over the summer between SunTrust and First Union. Both banks increased their offers for Wachovia, took out newspaper ads, mailed letters to shareholders, and initiated court battles to challenge each other's takeover bids. On August 3, 2001, Wachovia shareholders approved the First Union deal, rejecting SunTrust's attempts to elect a new board of directors for Wachovia and ending SunTrust's hostile takeover attempt.
Another problem concerned each bank's credit card division. In April 2001, Wachovia agreed to sell its $8 billion credit card portfolio to Bank One. The cards, which would have still been branded as Wachovia, would have been issued through Bank One's First USA division. First Union had sold its credit card portfolio to MBNA in August 2000. After entering into negotiations, the new Wachovia agreed to buy back its portfolio from Bank One in September 2001 and resell it to MBNA. Wachovia paid Bank One a $350 million termination fee.
On September 4, 2001, First Union and Wachovia officially merged to form the new Wachovia Corporation, though First Union was the surviving entity. In order to prevent a repeat of the CoreStates problems, the new Wachovia took its time phasing-in the conversion of legacy Wachovia computer systems to First Union systems. The company first began converting systems in the southeast United States (where both banks had branches), before moving to the Northeast, where First Union branches only had to change their signs to reflect the new company name and logo. This process ended on August 18, 2003, almost 2 years after the merger took place.
In comparison to the CoreStates purchase, the merger of First Union and Wachovia was billed as a success by analysts. The company's deliberate pace of conversion seems to have prevented any large-scale customer attrition. In fact, every year since the merger, Wachovia has been ranked number one in customer satisfaction among major banks by the University of Michigan's annual American Customer Satisfaction Index.
When Wachovia and First Union merged, Charlotte, North Carolina's One, Two, and Three First Union buildings became One, Two, and Three Wachovia Center (respectively), and the 55-story First Union Financial Center in downtown Miami became the Wachovia Financial Center. The merger also affected the names of the indoor professional sports arenas in Philadelphia and Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Formerly known as the First Union Center and the First Union Spectrum (both Philadelphia) and First Union Arena (Wilkes-Barre), they were renamed the Wachovia Center (now known as Wells Fargo Center), Wachovia Spectrum, and Wachovia Arena at Casey Plaza (now known as Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza), respectively.
Merger and acquisition history.
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (up to the Wachovia and First Union merger of 2001). The list is not comprehensive.
Acquisitions.
Between 2001 and 2006, Wachovia bought several other financial services companies in an attempt to become a national bank and comprehensive financial services company.
Prudential Securities.
Wachovia Securities and the Prudential Securities Division of Prudential Financial, Inc. combined to form Wachovia Securities LLC on July 1, 2003. Wachovia owns 62% of this entity, while Prudential Financial owns the remaining 38%. At the time, the new firm had client assets of $532.1 billion, making it the nation's third largest full service retail brokerage firm based on assets.
Michael Serricchio, a broker for Prudential Securities, was called to active duty in the Air Force reserve in September 2001. At the time, he was handling about 250 accounts with assets totaling $15 million and earning $80000 a year. He was not offered his old position back after his military stint was over, instead being given a job to make cold calls for a $2,000-a-month advance on his commissions. Wachovia also shuffled all of Serricchio's clients away, leaving him with just 4. He sued Wachovia, who had purchased Prudential Securities. A jury found that Wachovia had breached the Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act by intentionally making Serricchio an offer that they knew that he would reject.
Metropolitan West Securities.
On October 22, 2003, Wachovia announced it would acquire Metropolitan West Securities, an affiliate company of Metropolitan West Financial. This acquisition added a portfolio of over $50 billion of securities on loan to the Wachovia Global Securities Lending division.
SouthTrust.
On November 1, 2004, Wachovia completed the acquisition of Birmingham, Alabama-based SouthTrust Corporation, a transaction valued at $14.3 billion. The merger created the largest bank in the southeast United States, the fourth largest bank in terms of holdings, and the second largest in terms of number of branches. Integration was completed by the end of 2005.
Failed MBNA purchase.
In June 2005, Wachovia negotiated to purchase monoline credit card company MBNA. However, the deal fell through when Wachovia balked at MBNA's purchase price. Within a week of the deal's collapse, MBNA entered into an agreement to be purchased by Wachovia's chief rival, Bank of America. Wachovia received $100 million out of this deal, the result of an agreement Wachovia predecessor First Union made in 2000 when it sold its credit card portfolio to MBNA. This agreement required MBNA to pay this sum if it were ever sold to a competitor. In late 2005 Wachovia announced that it would end its relationship with MBNA and start up its own credit card division so that the bank could issue its own Visa cards.
Westcorp.
Westcorp, Western Financial Bank's parent company, WFS Financial Inc. and Wachovia announced a proposed acquisition by Wachovia in September 2005. Westcorp and WFS Financial Inc. shareholders approved the acquisition on Jan. 6, 2006 and on March 1, 2006, the merger was complete. This acquisition made Wachovia the ninth largest auto finance lender in the competitive U.S. auto finance market and provided Wachovia with a small retail and commercial banking presence in Southern California. On February 12, 2007, the former 19 Western Financial Bank branches opened under the Wachovia name. These branches became the launching point for a much larger Wachovia presence in California with the acquisition and integration of World Savings Bank in 2007.
Golden West Financial/World Savings Bank.
Wachovia agreed to purchase Golden West Financial for a little under $25.5 billion on May 7, 2006. This acquisition gave Wachovia an additional 285-branch network spanning 10 states. Wachovia greatly raised its profile in California, where Golden West held $32 billion in deposits and operated 123 branches.
Golden West, which operated branches under the name World Savings Bank, was the second largest savings and loan in the United States. The business was a small savings and loan in the San Francisco Bay area when it was purchased in 1963 for $4 million by Herbert and Marion Sandler. Golden West specialized in option ARMs loans, marketed under the name "Pick-A-Pay." These loans gave the borrower a choice of payment plans, including the option to defer paying a part of the interest owed, which was then added onto the balance of the loan. In 2006, Golden West Financial was named the "Most Admired Company" in the mortgage services business by Fortune magazine. By the time Wachovia announced its acquisition, Golden West had over $125 billion in assets and 11,600 employees. By October 2, 2006 Wachovia had closed the acquisition of Golden West Financial Corporation. The Sandlers agreed to remain on the board at Wachovia.
The Sandlers sold their firm at the top of the market, saying that they were growing older and wanted to devote themselves to philanthropy. A year earlier, in 2005, World Savings lending had started to slow, after more than quadrupling since 1998. Some current and former Wachovia officials say that the merger was agreed to in days and that it was impossible to conduct a thorough vetting of World Savings' loans. They noted that the creditworthiness of World Savings borrowers edged down from 2004 to 2006, while Pick-A-Pay borrowers had credit scores well below the industry average for traditional loans. World Savings lending volume dipped again in 2006 shortly after the sale to Wachovia was initiated. In 2007, after the merger, World Savings, now known as Wachovia Mortgage began to attract more borrowers by taking a step that some regulators were starting to frown upon, and which the former World Savings management had been resisting for years: it allowed borrowers to make monthly payments based on an annual interest rate of just 1 percent. While Wachovia Mortgage continued to scrutinize borrowers' ability to manage increased payments, the move to rock-bottom rates lured customers whose financial reliability was harder to verify. More than 70% of the Pick-A-Pay loans were made in California, Florida and Arizona, where home prices have declined severely. "New York Times" reporter Floyd Norris has called World Savings a "ticking timebomb" that created "zombie homeowners".
While Wachovia Chairman and CEO G. Kennedy "Ken" Thompson had described Golden West as a "crown jewel", investors did not react positively to the deal at the time. Analysts have since said that Wachovia purchased Golden West at the peak of the US housing boom. Wachovia Mortgage's mortgage-related problems led to Wachovia suffering writedowns and losses that far exceeded the price paid in the acquisition, ending up in the fire-sale of Wachovia to Wells Fargo.
A.G. Edwards.
On May 31, 2007, Wachovia announced plans to purchase A. G. Edwards for $6.8 billion to create the United States' second largest retail brokerage firm. The acquisition closed on October 1, 2007. In early March 2008 Wachovia began to phase out the AG Edwards brand in favor of a unified Wachovia Securities.
Historical data (2000–2008).
Wachovia, excluding subsidiaries, was the fourth largest bank at the end of 2008.
2007–2009 financial crisis.
Exposed to risky loans, such as adjustable rate mortgages acquired during the acquisition of Golden West Financial in 2006, Wachovia began to experience heavy losses in its loan portfolios during the subprime mortgage crisis.
In the first quarter of 2007, Wachovia reported $2.3 billion in earnings, including acquisitions and divestitures. However, in the second quarter of 2008, Wachovia reported a much larger than anticipated $8.9 billion loss.
On June 2, 2008, Wachovia chief executive officer Ken Thompson was forced to retire. He'd been head of Wachovia since 2000, while it was still known as First Union.
The board replaced him on an interim basis with Chairman Lanty Smith. Smith had already replaced Thompson as chairman a month earlier.
On July 9, 2008, Wachovia hired Treasury Undersecretary Bob Steel as chief executive in hopes that his experience would lead the company out of its difficulties.
Government intervention.
After Steel took over, he insisted that Wachovia would stay independent. However, its stock price plunged 27 percent on September 26 due to the seizure of Washington Mutual the previous night. On the same day, several businesses and institutional depositors withdrew money from their accounts in order to drop their balances below the $100,000 insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) – an event known in banking circles as a "silent run." Ultimately, Wachovia lost a total of $5 billion in deposits that day—about one percent of the bank's total deposits. The large outflow of deposits attracted the attention of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which regulates national banks. Federal regulators pressured Wachovia to put itself up for sale over the weekend. Had Wachovia failed, it would have been a severe drain on the FDIC's insurance fund due to its size (it operated one of the largest branch networks on the East Coast).
As business halted for the weekend, Wachovia was already in FDIC-brokered talks with Citigroup and Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo initially emerged as the frontrunner to acquire the ailing Wachovia's banking operations, but backed out due to concerns over Wachovia's commercial loans. With no deal in place as September 28 dawned, regulators were concerned that Wachovia wouldn't have enough short-term funding to open for business the next day. In order to obtain enough liquidity to do business, banks usually depend on short-term loans to each other. However, the markets had been so battered by a credit crisis related to the housing bubble that banks were skittish about making such loans. Under the circumstances, regulators feared that if customers pulled out more money, Wachovia wouldn't have enough liquidity to meet its obligations. This would have resulted in a failure dwarfing that of WaMu.
When FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair got word of Wachovia's situation, she initially decided to handle the situation like she'd handled WaMu a day earlier. Under this scenario, the Comptroller of the Currency would have seized Wachovia's banking assets and placed them under the receivership of the FDIC. The FDIC would have then sold the banking assets to the highest bidder. Bair felt this would best protect the small banks. However, several Federal regulators, led by New York Fed President Tim Geithner, felt such a course would be politically unjustifiable so soon after WaMu's seizure.
After a round of mediation between Geithner and Bair, the FDIC declared that Wachovia was "systemically important" to the health of the economy, and thus could not be allowed to fail. It was the first time the FDIC had made such a determination since the passage of a 1991 law allowing the FDIC to handle large bank failures on short notice. Bair called Steel on September 28 and told him that the FDIC would be auctioning off Wachovia's banking assets.
That night, the FDIC decided to sell Wachovia's banking operations to Citigroup in an "open bank" transfer of ownership. The transaction would have been facilitated by the FDIC, with the concurrence of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve and the Secretary of the Treasury in consultation with the President. The FDIC's open bank assistance procedures normally require the FDIC to find the cheapest way to rescue a failing bank. However, when a bank is deemed "systemically important," the FDIC is allowed to bypass this requirement. Steel had little choice but to agree, and the decision was announced on the morning of September 29, roughly 45 minutes before the markets opened. From this point on, Citigroup became the source of liquidity allowing Wachovia to continue to operate until the acquisition was complete.
In its announcement, the FDIC stressed that Wachovia did not fail and was not placed into receivership. In addition, the FDIC said that the agency would absorb Citigroup's losses above $42 billion; Wachovia's loan portfolio was valued at $312 billion. In exchange for assuming this risk, the FDIC would receive $12 billion in preferred stock and warrants from Citigroup. The transaction would have been an all-stock transfer, with Wachovia Corporation stockholders to have received stock from Citigroup, valuing Wachovia stock at about one dollar per share for a total transaction value of about $2.16 billion. Citigroup would have also assumed Wachovia's senior and subordinated debt. Citigroup intended to sell ten billion dollars of new stock on the open market to recapitalize its purchased banking operations.
The proposed closing date for the Wachovia purchase was by the end of the year, 2008.
Wachovia expected to continue as a publicly traded company, retaining its retail brokerage arm, Wachovia Securities and Evergreen mutual funds. At the time, Wachovia Securities had 14,600 financial advisers and managed more than $1 trillion, third in the U.S. after Merrill Lynch and Citigroup's Smith Barney.
The announcement drew some criticism from Wachovia stockholders who felt the dollar-per-share price was too cheap. Some of them planned to try to defeat the deal when it came up for shareholder approval. However, institutional investors such as mutual funds and pension funds controlled 73 percent of Wachovia's stock; individual stockholders would have had to garner a significant amount of support from institutional shareholders to derail the sale. Also, several experts in corporate dealmaking told "The Charlotte Observer" that such a strategy is very risky since federal regulators helped broker the deal. One financial expert told the "Observer" that if Wachovia's shareholders voted the deal down, the OCC could have simply seized Wachovia and placed it into the receivership of the FDIC, which would then sell it to Citigroup. Had this happened, Wachovia's shareholders risked being completely wiped out.
Acquisition by Wells Fargo.
Though Citigroup was providing the liquidity that allowed Wachovia to continue to operate, Wells Fargo and Wachovia announced on October 3, 2008, that they had agreed to merge in an all-stock transaction requiring no government involvement. Wells Fargo announced it had agreed to acquire all of Wachovia for $15.1 billion in stock. Wachovia preferred the Wells Fargo deal because it would be worth more than the Citigroup deal and keep all of its businesses intact. Also, there is far less overlap between the banks, as Wells Fargo is dominant in the West and Midwest compared to the redundant footprint of Wachovia and Citibank along the East Coast. Both companies' boards unanimously approved the merger on the night of October 2.
Citigroup explored its legal options and demanded that Wachovia and Wells Fargo cease discussions, claiming that Wells Fargo engaged in "tortious interference" with an exclusivity agreement between Citigroup and Wachovia. That agreement states in part that until October 6, 2008 "Wachovia shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their respective officers, directors, [...] to [...] take any action to facilitate or encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal.".
Citigroup convinced Judge Charles E. Ramos of the New York State Supreme Court to grant a preliminary injunction temporarily blocking the Wells Fargo deal. This ruling was later overturned by Judge James M. McGuire of the New York State Court of Appeals, partly because he believed Ramos did not have the right to rule on the case in Connecticut.
On October 9, 2008, Citigroup abandoned its attempt to purchase Wachovia's banking assets, allowing the Wachovia-Wells Fargo merger to go through. However, Citigroup pursued $60 billion in claims, $20 billion in compensatory and $40 billion in punitive damages, against Wachovia and Wells Fargo for alleged violations of the exclusivity agreement. Wells Fargo settled this dispute with Citigroup Inc. for $100 Million on November 19, 2010.
Citigroup may have been pressured by regulators to back out of the deal; Bair endorsed Wells Fargo's bid because it removed the FDIC from the picture. Geithner was furious, claiming that the FDIC's reversal would undermine the government's ability to quickly rescue failing banks. However, Geithner's colleagues at the Fed were not willing to take responsibility for selling Wachovia.
The Federal Reserve unanimously approved the merger with Wells Fargo on October 12, 2008.
The combined company retained the Wells Fargo name, and was based in San Francisco. However, Charlotte remained as the headquarters for the combined company's East Coast banking operations, and Wachovia Securities remained in Charlotte. Three members of the Wachovia board joined the Wells Fargo board. The merger created the largest branch network in the United States.
In filings unsealed two days before the merger approval in a New York federal court, Citigroup argued that its own deal was better for U.S taxpayers and Wachovia shareholders. It said that it had exposed itself to "substantial economic risk" by stating its intent to rescue Wachovia after less than 72 hours of due diligence. Citigroup had obtained an exclusive agreement in order to protect itself. Wachovia suffered a $23.9 billion loss in the third quarter.
In September 2008, the Internal Revenue Service issued a notice providing tax breaks to companies that acquire troubled banks. According to analysts, these tax breaks were worth billions of dollars to Wells Fargo. Vice Chairman Bill Thomas of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission indicated that these tax breaks may have been a factor in Wells Fargo's decision to purchase Wachovia.
Wells Fargo's purchase of Wachovia closed on December 31, 2008. By the time Wells Fargo completed the acquisition of Wachovia, the byline "A Wells Fargo company" was added to the logo.
Controversies.
Michael Serricchio, a broker for Prudential Securities, was called to active duty in the Air Force reserve, but was not offered his old position back after his military stint was over. He sued Wachovia, who had purchased Prudential. A jury found that Wachovia had breached the Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act by intentionally making Serricchio an offer that they knew that he would reject.
A May 2007 "New York Times" article described Wachovia's negligence in screening or taking action against companies connected to identity theft. These companies used stolen identities to remove funds from personal Wachovia bank accounts via unsigned checks. The article goes on to say "In all, Wachovia accepted $142 million of unsigned checks from companies that made unauthorized withdrawals from thousands of accounts, federal prosecutors say. Wachovia collected millions of dollars in fees from those companies, even as it failed to act on warnings, according to records." Furthermore, the article adds "In a lawsuit filed last year, the United States attorney in Philadelphia said Wachovia received thousands of warnings that it was processing fraudulent checks, but ignored them."
On April 25, 2008, Wachovia agreed to pay up to $144 million to end the investigation without admitting wrongdoing. The investigation found that Wachovia had failed to conduct suitable due diligence, and that it would have discovered the thefts if it had followed normal procedures. The penalty is one of the largest ever demanded by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
In April 2008 Wachovia was also investigated by United States federal prosecutors as part of a probe into drug money laundering by Mexican and Colombian money-transferring firms. The investigation of the alleged laundering also included other large U.S. banks.
Wells Fargo has since admitted that its Wachovia unit was involved in money laundering for drug traffickers. It allowed money to be transferred in and out of "casas de cambio", without proper due diligence, in violation of the Bank Secrecy Act. In March 2010 Wachovia agreed to pay a $160 million fine for involvement in Mexican drug cartel money laundering that could total up to $420 billion. Said Jeffrey Sloman, the chief US prosecutor in the case, "Wachovia's blatant disregard for our banking laws gave international cocaine cartels a virtual carte blanche to finance their operations."

</doc>
<doc id="20598902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598902" title="Donald Hawgood">
Donald Hawgood

Donald T. Hawgood (March 20, 1917 – July 8, 2010) was a Canadian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won a silver medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20598922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20598922" title="Joe Ford (footballer)">
Joe Ford (footballer)

Joseph Bertram Ford (7 May 1886 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Northwich, Cheshire. He played for Witton Albion, Crewe Alexandra, Manchester United and Nottingham Forest.

</doc>
