<doc id="20848323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848323" title="1999 Cotton Bowl Classic">
1999 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 1999 Southwestern Bell Cotton Bowl Classic was a post-season college football game played on January 1, 1999. It pitted Heisman Trophy winner Ricky Williams and the Texas Longhorns against the SEC West champions Mississippi State Bulldogs.
This game was notable in that it was the first time Texas had reached the post-season since the 1996 season. It was the first bowl game for Texas under new head coach Mack Brown, who would go on to transform Texas back into a college football powerhouse. Texas had compiled an 8-3 season record.
Meanwhile, Mississippi State had compiled an 8-3 regular season record under head coach Jackie Sherrill. They won the SEC West division title before falling to Tennessee 24-14 in the SEC Championship game. The loss knocked them to 8-4 coming into the bowl game.
Behind the rushing of Ricky Williams, who was declared the Heisman Trophy and Doak Walker award winner a few days before, Texas raced to a 14-3 lead by halftime. They would score 24 unanswered points in the 3rd quarter to rise to a 38-11 victory. 
It was Texas's first bowl game win since the 1994 Sun Bowl, and their first 9-win season as a Big 12 team (Texas had left the Southwest Conference and joined the Big 12 at the start of the 1996 season). It was also Texas's first New Year's Day bowl win since the . It was also the first Cotton Bowl Classic on Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="20848327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848327" title="Midnight Cowboy (disambiguation)">
Midnight Cowboy (disambiguation)

Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American film.
Midnight Cowboy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20848342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848342" title="François Charles Archile Jeanneret">
François Charles Archile Jeanneret

François Charles Archile Jeanneret (November 18, 1890 – 1967) was the 22nd Chancellor of the University of Toronto, holding the position from 1959 to 1965.
Early life.
Jeanneret was born in Elmira, Ontario, Canada on November 18, 1890. He graduated with honors from Berlin Collegiate and played on the school's soccer team, winning the Dominion Football Association championship. After high school, Jeanneret attended the University of Toronto, the University of Chicago, and finally the University of Paris in Paris, France.
Career.
When he completed his academic studies, he took a position as the head of the department of modern languages at Upper Canada College from 1912 to 1913, and joined the staff of the University of Toronto's University College in 1913. From 1926 to 1941, he directed the Ontario Ministry of Education's oral French course for teachers at Quebec City and was honored by Laval University. He was named an Officer d'Academie in 1940 by France, and was later awarded a medal from the French government in 1959 and the Pierre Chauveau Medal from the Royal Society of Canada. When he returned to the University of Toronto, Jeanneret took on several positions, including chairman of the university's School of Graduate Studies from 1947 to 1951, principal of University College from 1951 to 1959, and Chancellor of the University of Toronto from 1959 until his death in 1967. While Chancellor, Jeanneret also held several diplomatic posts including Canadian delegate to the Commonwealth Education Conference in Oxford, United Kingdom in 1959 and Delhi, India in 1962. Jeanneret authored fifteen textbooks during his lifetime, including French texts used in Ontario high schools, and received an honorary degree, receiving a Doctor of Letters, from the Memorial University of Newfoundland in May 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20848367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848367" title="John Sisko">
John Sisko

John Sisko (b. May 22, 1958) is an American realist sculptor currently living and working in Seattle in Washington State.
Life.
John Sisko (May 22, 1958) spent his early years in Montana. At age 6, he was first exposed to great sculpture at the 1964 New York World's Fair where Michelangelo's Pietà was exhibited outside of Italy for the first time. Sisko moved to suburban Seattle at age 13, where he resided through high school. At the age of 20, he began study in the Fine Arts at Western Washington University where he met Tom Sherwood. Beginning in 1979, Sisko studied studio practices under Sherwood for the next eight years. During this time, Sisko also attended the University of Washington, graduating with a B.A. in philosophy in 1987.
John Sisko is a Fellow of the National Sculpture Society and serves on the editorial board of Sculpture Review magazine. John Sisko has taught at Seattle University, Gage Academy in Seattle, and Brookgreen Gardens in South Carolina.
Work.
John Sisko is a contemporary American realist sculptor. He has made over 110 limited-edition bronzes, 16 commissioned projects, and has participated in over 45 exhibitions across the United States. His sculpture is characterized by a distinctive plainer or facetted modeling of the forms and intentionally distorting proportion characteristics (particularly hands and feet). In making his sculpture, Sisko works with themes of intellectual, spiritual, and philosophical depth.

</doc>
<doc id="20848381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848381" title="A Daughter of the Congo">
A Daughter of the Congo

A Daughter of the Congo is a 1930 race film directed, written and produced by Oscar Micheaux. The film is loosely based on the novel "The American Cavalryman" (1917), by African-American novelist and playwright Henry Francis Downing.
The film is considered to be a lost.
Plot.
Lupelta (Katherine Noisette) is a mixed-race Congolese girl who was stolen at birth and raised by a hostile tribe. She is designated to marry a tribal chief, but on her way to the wedding she is abducted by Arab slave traders. Before she is sold into slavery, she is rescued by an African-American military battalion under the command of Captain Paul Dale (Lorenzo Tucker). Dale brings Lupelta to a mission school, where she is successfully acquainted with Western-style civilization. However, she never completely loses touch with the tribal customs and influences that shaped her formative years.
Production.
"A Daughter of the Congo" was the last silent film created by Oscar Micheaux, one of the most prominent African-American filmmakers of the race film genre. Since silent films were considered to have little commercial value in 1930, Micheaux released the film as a “talking, singing, dancing picture” – although it only contained a single short sound sequence that included a performance of the song “That Gets It” by Roland Irving and Earl B. Westfield.
Noisette had previously starred in Micheaux’s 1929 "When Men Betray" and worked for him again in his first sound film, "The Exile" (1931). Tucker, who also appeared in Micheaux’s films, was promoted as a “black Valentino” because of his good looks and dashing on-screen persona.
Criticism.
"A Daughter of the Congo" received severe criticism from Theophilus Lewis, a columnist with the "Amsterdam News", an African-American weekly newspaper in New York City. Lewis took Micheaux to task for his presentation of African society and for perceived racism in the cast through his selection of actors by skin color. Lewis wrote: "The scene is laid in a not so mythical republic in Africa. Half of the characters wear European clothes and are supposed to be civilized, while the other half wear their birthday suits and some feathers and are supposed to be savages. All the noble characters are high yellows; all the ignoble ones are black. It is based on a false assumption that has no connection with the realities of life."

</doc>
<doc id="20848386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848386" title="2001 Rome Masters – Men's Singles">
2001 Rome Masters – Men's Singles

This tournament took place May 7–15, 2001.
Magnus Norman was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Vincenzo Santopadre.
Juan Carlos Ferrero won in the final 3–6, 6–1, 2–6, 6–4, 6–2 against Gustavo Kuerten.

</doc>
<doc id="20848387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848387" title="Soul in Love">
Soul in Love

Soul in Love is the fourth studio album and second cover album by Filipino singer Jay R, released in January 2008 by Universal Records. The album showcases his vocal quality and range, singing classical R&Bs and jazzes that he grew up listening to, like "After the Love Has Gone", "Always and Forever" and "Ain't No Sunshine". It received highly positive reviews from OPM critics, and won numerous awards for his outstanding vocal performance. It has also helped Jay R gain new audience and fans.
The album was made available on digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com on April 1, 2008. To date, it has been certified Platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry for selling more than 30,000 units in the Philippines.
Release and promotion.
Initially, "Soul in Love" had no promotion. It was until it reached Gold certification that Jay R started promoting the album. He did concerts, mall shows, gigs and TV guestings to advertise the album. He did a Soul in Love Mall Tour on July 4, 2008, performing on malls like Megamall. On July 10, 2008, he went to Japan to further increase in sales and popularity. He also did numerous TV guestings, including one on "MYX Live!", where he performed the album's tracks—which include Anita Baker's classic hit "Sweet Love", Quincy Jones' "One Hundred Ways", Heatwave's classic ballad "Always and Forever", and Joe's pop hit "No One Else Comes Close". The episode aired on July 16, 2008 and was hosted by Jett Pangan. On August 1, 2008 (after the album has reached Gold), "Soul in Love" had its album launch at Eastwood City, Libis. Also in August 2008, he guested on "SiS", performing "No One Else Comes Close".
Singles.
"Tattooed on My Mind" was released early in 2008 as the album's first single. It features D'Sound, the band who originally recorded and released the song, becoming their most popular and biggest single. Jay R sang the song as a duet with the band's vocalist. The music video also features the band, and only shows footage from the recording sessions of the song. It was shot in 2006 during D'Sound's Philippine Tour, promoting their album "My Today". The single charted on both music video and radio charts, but did not perform as well as Jay R's past releases. "No One Else Comes Close", originally recorded by American R&B singer Joe, was released in the summer of 2008 as a radio-only single. It received positive reception and became a favorite on radio stations.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
"Soul in Love" has received the highest ratings among Jay R albums, and has even sold impressively, remaking the commercial success that was achieved by his debut album, "Gameface". On July 13, 2008, the album was certified gold by the PARI for selling above 15,000 copies in the Philippines. Its awarding was held on GMA-7's TV musical variety show, "SOP". Before the album was launched in August 2008, it was already certified gold. Early in 2009, the album reached Platinum status by the PARI, selling over 30,000 units in the country.
Critical response.
Not only did the album sell well, but it also received overwhelming positive reviews by OPM critics. Lorelie Dino of "Titik Pilipino" gave the album a perfect rating of five out of five stars, saying "As everybody should be well aware of by now, Jay R is a very talented artist". She added "He is not just a typical Fil-Am boy, but someone you’d take much pleasure in listening to and be entertained by". She listed her ten most favorite tracks from the album, explaining "I’ll only list down my top 10, otherwise I’d end up enumerating all the tracks". The list includes "Tender Love", "No One Else Comes Close", and "Two Occasions" as her top three. The review ended up with Dino, stating ""Soul in Love" is definitely a must-have collection".
The album has earned Jay R numerous awards and nominations on musical events. On the fourth Philippine Hip-Hop Awards held at One Ayala, Intercontinental Manila in 2008, he won the R&B Artist of the Year award for the first time, succeeding previous title holder, Nina. On the ASAP 24K Awards 2008, the album was given a recognition for certifying gold by the PARI. On the first ever Wave 89.1 Urban Music Awards in 2009, he was nominated on four categories including Best Male Soul/R&B Artist and Best Remake for "Tattooed on My Mind" with D'Sound. However, he lost Best Male to Marcus Davis and Best Remake to Thor and Amber's "Spend My Life with You". On the 2009 ASAP Platinum Circle, the album was recognized for reaching Platinum status. Unfortunately, GMA-7 did not allow the singer to attend the event of their rival TV station.
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Ito Rapadas.

</doc>
<doc id="20848398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848398" title="Claire Allen">
Claire Allen

]
Claire Allen (Born July 29, 1853 in Pontiac, Michigan, USA – Died December 22, 1942 in Jackson, Michigan, USA) was a prominent southern Michigan architect of the early twentieth century. He was head of the firm of Claire Allen & Sons and had practiced architecture in Jackson for 52 years.
When Allen was younger he was a contractor and builder, working on such things as the Ionia County Court House, a school in Dexter, Michigan, and many houses and buildings in Belding and Ionia, as well as the Belding Brothers silk Mills. Some of the county courthouses Allen created are great examples of the American neoclassical architecture style. He also created many buildings in the colonial revival style.
Works.
Some buildings designed by Allen include:
External links.
Photos
Books
Web Articles

</doc>
<doc id="20848402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848402" title="Russ Derry">
Russ Derry

Alva Russell Derry (October 7, 1916 – October 26, 2004) was an American professional baseball player from Princeton, Missouri. He appeared in 187 Major League Baseball games as an outfielder for New York Yankees in 1944 and 1945, the Philadelphia Athletics in 1946, and the St. Louis Cardinals in 1949. He batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Derry had 124 career hits in 553 Major League at bats. In 1949, Derry led the International League with 42 home runs, and is a member of the IL Hall of Fame.
He died on October 26, 2004, in Kansas City, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20848416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848416" title="Golden Tate">
Golden Tate

Golden H. Tate III (born August 2, 1988) is an American football wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Notre Dame, and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Tate was born in Hendersonville, Tennessee. He is the son of Golden Tate, Jr., a former wide receiver at Tennessee State who was the 120th overall pick in the fifth-round of the 1984 NFL Draft by the Indianapolis Colts. His brother, Wesley, is a senior running back for Vanderbilt University. He played high school football for Pope John Paul II High School.
Baseball career.
Tate was drafted out of high school by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 42nd round of the 2007 amateur draft. Tate did not sign with the Diamondbacks and instead played baseball for the University of Notre Dame. In Tate's freshman year at Notre Dame (2008), he played in 18 games and batted .262 with three doubles and three stolen bases. Tate hit his first home run against Louisville in Louisville, Kentucky in his sophomore year. He finished his sophomore season with a .329 batting average after playing in 55 games. Tate also scored 45 runs his sophomore year which is the third highest by any Notre Dame baseball player.
On June 9, 2010, he was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 50th round (no. 1518 overall) of the 2010 MLB Draft, but did not sign.
Tate has not competed in baseball since 2009, his sophomore season with Notre Dame.
College football career.
Tate played football for Notre Dame from 2007 to 2009. In the 2007 season as a freshman, Tate started two games, versus the UCLA Bruins and USC Trojans. He totaled six catches for 131 yards and one touchdown and averaged 21.7 yards on 15 kickoff returns for the season.
In the 2008 season as a sophomore, Tate started in 12 regular season games with 52 catches for 903 yards and seven touchdowns for a 17.4 yard per catch average. Tate registered 100-yard games against Michigan, Syracuse, North Carolina, and Pittsburgh during the 2008 regular season, while being tapped First Team All-Independent by Rivals.com. Against the Hawaii Warriors in the Hawaii Bowl, he made six catches for 177 yards and three touchdowns in the 49-21 victory for the Irish, bringing his season total to 58 catches for 1,080 yards (18.6 yard average) with 10 touchdowns.
Following the 2009 season, Tate won the Biletnikoff Award. He was also recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American.
On December 7, 2009, Tate announced that he would forgo his senior year and declared his eligibility for the 2010 NFL Draft.
Professional football career.
Seattle Seahawks.
2010 season.
On April 23, 2010, Tate was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round (60th overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. On July 28, 2010, Tate signed a four-year deal with the Seahawks worth $3.261 million.
2012 season.
On August 24 during a week 3 pre-season game against the Kansas City Chiefs in Kansas City, Tate returned one punt 92 yards for a touchdown as the Seahawks won the exhibition game 44-14.
During the replacement referee controversy at the beginning of the 2012 NFL season, the Seahawks won a controversial game against Green Bay in week 3, in which Tate pushed off a defender (Sam Shields) and was ruled to have caught a game-winning touchdown as time expired, despite Packers' safety M. D. Jennings arguing that he had also gained possession of the ball. Cold Hard Football Facts proved otherwise with a shot-by-shot dissection of the play. The following day, the NFL acknowledged that a joint catch is awarded to the offense and the touchdown ruling was correct, but offensive pass interference penalty should have been called on the play..
In week 10 against the New York Jets, Tate recorded his first passing touchdown to Sidney Rice on a receiver reverse pass.
2013 season.
Tate had a breakout season with the Seahawks in 2013. He made some spectacular plays, notably a one-handed catch against the Atlanta Falcons, that highlighted his athleticism and special abilities. Pete Carroll, the Seahawks coach, said that he would not coach anyone else to do what Tate can do. During Week 7 against the St. Louis Rams, Tate was flagged for taunting following an 80-yard touchdown reception. Head coach Pete Carroll chastised Tate after the penalty. On November 2, 2013, Tate was fined $7,875 for his taunting penalty. In the final game of the regular season, the Seahawk wide receiver produced one of his best games of the year, recording eight catches for 129 yards and a touchdown against the St. Louis Rams. Again, Russell Wilson threw a deep pass of 47 yards to Tate who caught the ball, and ran it for a touchdown similar to Week 7, minus the taunt as the Seattle Seahawks beat the St. Louis Rams 27-9.

</doc>
<doc id="20848419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848419" title="Aspidistra yingjiangensis">
Aspidistra yingjiangensis

Aspidistra yingjiangensis is a species of "Aspidistra" that is found in China. The plant's leaves are green with pale yellow spots that are narrowly oblanceolate and it has two or three bracts. The flowers are individual or paired. 

</doc>
<doc id="20848428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848428" title="United Democratic Front (Sudan)">
United Democratic Front (Sudan)

The United Democratic Front (Juba Arabic: جبهة الديمقراطية المتحدة "Jabhet Al-Dimoqratiyet Al-Mutahedat") is a political party in Sudan led by Peter Abdrhaman Sule. The party is represented in the Interim National Assembly of Sudan and the South Sudan Legislative Assembly, where it holds four seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20848429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848429" title="Cam Abbott">
Cam Abbott

Cameron Abbott (born October 24, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently playing in Luleå HF of the Swedish Elitserien.
Playing career.
Born in Sarnia, Ontario in 1983, Abbott played college competitive ice hockey for Cornell University of the U.S. NCAA from 2002 until 2006. He turned professional in 2006 with the Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs of the Central Hockey League. In the 2007–08 season he moved to Europe to play for the IF Frisk Asker Tigers of the GET-ligaen. In 2008, he signed with the Rögle BK of the Swedish Elitserien. After a great season in RBK, Cameron, together with his brother Chris, signed a two-year contract with Luleå HF.
Cameron has played with his twin brother Chris Abbott on several teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20848448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848448" title="2003 Speedway World Cup Race-off">
2003 Speedway World Cup Race-off

The 2003 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the fourth race of the 2003 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 7, 2003 in Outrup, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20848451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848451" title="Dmitri Parsky">
Dmitri Parsky

Dmitri Pavlovich Parsky (Дмитрий Павлович Парский) (17 (26) October, 1866 - 20 December, 1921) was a Russian general who commanded the 3rd Army from 9 September 1917 to 8 November 1917.
In 1893 he attended the General Staff Academy. He was the first battle-experienced Tsarist General to offer his services to the Red Army, explaining his viewpoint thus
He died of typhus in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="20848457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848457" title="Siege of Valenciennes (1676–77)">
Siege of Valenciennes (1676–77)

The Siege of Valenciennes took place from November 1676 to March 1677, during the Franco-Dutch War. A French army besieged the city of Valenciennes, which was then a part of the Spanish Netherlands and defended by a small army of the Holy Roman Empire. The city surrendered to the French on 17 March. It was formally ceded to France the following year in the Treaty of Nijmegen, which ended the war.
Context.
On the death of Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne at the battle of Salzbach, the French army retreated and recrossed the Rhine. Louis XIV appointed Louis II de Bourbon-Condé to replace him. He stopped the advance of Montecuccoli, and took the seats of Haguenau and Saverne. Tormented by gout, the Grand Condé in Chantilly decided to retire, matched in this by Montecuccoli. Louis XIV did not continue fighting given his capture of Condé and Bouchain.
Preparations.
In November 1676, Louvois laid siege to the city of Valenciennes. To prevent Spain from supporting Valenciennes, troops laid siege to Saint-Omer and Cambrai. Valenciennes was well-fortified. The defenders flooded the surroundings and settled in to wait for reinforcements.
Journeying to Valenciennes, Louis XIV was accompanied by his brother and marshals d'Humières, Schomberg, La Feuillade, Luxembourg and Lorges who were all successful. Vauban commanded the operation.
The plan was not to attack the bastions, half-moons and other works, to avoid being seen by the enemy. Against the advice of the marshals, and to the astonishment of the king, Vauban advocated a daylight attack to create surprise and did not give the enemy time to recover from a night vigil.
The assault.
17 March at 9:00 am, two companies of Musketeers, a hundred grenadiers, a battalion of Guards and a regiment of Picardy went over the top of the Grand Couronne. They achieved complete surprise and continued killing the enemy. The musketeers lowered the drawbridge and entered the city, progressing from house to house. The city council soon assembled and sent deputies to the King to negotiate surrender.
Sources.
France Annales historiques De Philippe Le Bas - 1843

</doc>
<doc id="20848458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848458" title="Adularescence">
Adularescence

Adularescence is an optical phenomenon, similar to labradorescence and aventurescence, that is produced in gemstones such as moonstones. 
Description.
The effect of adularescence, also commonly referred to as "schiller" or "shiller", is best described as a milky, bluish luster or glow originating from below the surface of the gemstone. The schiller, appearing to move as the stone is turned (or as the light source is moved), gives the impression of lunar light floating on water (accounting for moonstone's name). Though white schiller is the most common, in rarer specimens, orange or blue lusters are produced.
This effect is most typically produced by adularia, from which the name derives. Adularescence appears in numerous other gemstones, notably common opal, rose quartz and agate. However, due to inclusions in these other stones, the effect is displayed differently. The schiller is scattered by inclusions and appears hazy; non-hazy specimens are specially referred to as "milky". Thus, adularescence occurring in non-adularia gemstones is termed differently - "girasol effect" and opalescence (for opals only) are two such terms. When the schiller forms an indistinct band it is said to display a chatoyant effect. Only clearly defined bands are referred to as "cat's eyes".
As an optical phenomenon, adularescence exists only in the presence of light; it is a product of the interaction between light and the internal microstructures of the mineral and not a property of the mineral itself. The effect is produced by alternating layers of two types (in moonstone feldspar the layers are orthoclase and albite) at a scale near the wavelength of light (ca. 0.5 micron) - this leads to light scattering and interference.

</doc>
<doc id="20848468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848468" title="Southworth House">
Southworth House

Southworth House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20848532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848532" title="Herman Bing">
Herman Bing

Herman Bing (March 30, 1889 – January 9, 1947) was a German-American character actor and voice actor.
Herman Bing was also the brother of Gus Bing (1893–1967) and opera director Rudolf Bing (1902-1997).
Biography.
Herman Bing was born in Frankfurt-am-Main, Germany and died in Los Angeles, California. He was production chief of films in Germany before he went to America with director F. W. Murnau as Murnau's assistant director.
As well as acting in over 120 films, he was also in Burlesque. He also provided the voice for the Ringmaster in Walt Disney's "Dumbo" (1941), and Von Hamburger in "Daffy Duck in Hollywood" (1938). Many of Bing's parts were uncredited.
The type of comedy he was known for became outdated in the years following World War II. It was said he was a known Nazi sympathizer which damaged his career when the United States entered World War II. He became increasingly depressed in the mid-1940s, as he was unable to secure work in Hollywood, and committed suicide in 1947 by shooting himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20848554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848554" title="Time to React – Live!">
Time to React – Live!

Time To React - Live! is the first live album by Australian Thrash metal band Allegiance, released in 1995. The album was recorded live at Triple J Studios in Perth, Western Australia on 17 December 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20848558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848558" title="Conquest of Paradise (song)">
Conquest of Paradise (song)

"Conquest of Paradise" is a 1992 song recorded by Vangelis. It was the soundtrack from Ridley Scott's 1992 film "" and the lead single from the album of . The song achieved huge success in many countries, including Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and Switzerland where it topped the singles chart, but was a relative failure in UK where it only peaked at #33. The song's popularity had been boosted in Germany by boxer Henry Maske using it as his theme song.
"Conquest of Paradise" is played at home games for the New Zealand Super 15 rugby team Crusaders and Super League teams Widnes Vikings and Wigan Worriers. These days it is the unofficial theme tune for the city of Christchurch where the Crusaders rugby team is based.
"Conquest of Paradise" was also played at the 2011 ICC World Cup, the most prestigious cricket tournament, just before the national anthems of the two contesting national teams were played at the start of every match. It was also played during the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 held in West Indies.
At the 2011 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc, "Conquest of Paradise" was played when competitors finished the 150 km long race.
It is also used by the Engadin Skimarathon to introduce the start of the competitors waves. At least in the years 2010-2013. Usually every minute it is interrupted to announce the time until "go!".
The song has been covered by many artists, including Blake, Klaus Schulze, Free the Spirit, the Vienna Symphonic Orchestra Project, John Williams and the Boston Pops Orchestra (1996), Daylight (1997), Dana Winner (2002), The Ten Tenors (2004) and Rhydian (2009).
The single "Conquest of Paradise" has also been inserted in the 2007 Chinese TV drama series "Soldiers Sortie", and is used as the theme song in the Bollywood movie, "Koyla" (1997) and a tamil movie, "Sundara Purushan (1996 film)".
Its chord progression is based on the old European theme "La Follia".
Lyrics.
Throughout the whole song, the following lyrics in Pseud-Latin are repeated several times:
"In nòreni per ìpe,"
"in noreni coràh;"
"tiràmine per ìto,"
"ne dominà."
One time this refrain is:
"Ne ròmine tirmèno,"
"ne ròmine to fa,"
"imàgina pro mèno per imentirà "

</doc>
<doc id="20848563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848563" title="Augustus Sclafani">
Augustus Sclafani

Augustus Sclafani, d. 1986, also known as "Big Gus", was a New York mobster who was a mob associate with the Gambino crime family. Sclafani is not to be confused with the younger Augustus Sclafani ("Gus Boy"), another Gambino family member. 
During the 1970s, Sclafani and Mildred Russo, his mother-in-law, used her position as a court clerk in the federal court in Manhattan to leak confidential information on the Gambino family to Paul Castellano. In 1987, both Russo and Sclafani were indicted for racketeering and conspiracy to obstruct justice. Sclafini had already been declared as a fugitive from justice, although law enforcement believed that Sclafani was dead.
According to mob witness Sammy Gravano, while Paul Castellano was boss of the Gambino family, Sclafani accused Gambino mobster Frank DeCicco of being a mob informant. DeCicco successfully defended himself from this charge and told Gravano that he would murder Sclafani after Castellano was out of power. In 1986, Gambino hitman Joseph Watts shot and stabbed Sclafani to death in a club in Little Italy, Manhattan on orders from new Gambino boss John Gotti.
After Castellano's murder, DeCicco told Gravano that "Gus is gone."

</doc>
<doc id="20848566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848566" title="2009 African Nations Championship qualification">
2009 African Nations Championship qualification

North zone (1 seat).
Preliminary Round
First Round
Second Round
Zone West A (1 seat).
Preliminary Round
First Round
Second Round
Zone West B (1 seat).
Preliminary Round
First Round
Second Round
Central Zone (1 seat).
Preliminary Round
First Round
Second Round
Southern Zone (2 seats).
Preliminary Round
First Round
Second Round
Central East Zone (1 seat).
Preliminary Round
First Round
Second Round

</doc>
<doc id="20848569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848569" title="2007–08 Torquay United F.C. season">
2007–08 Torquay United F.C. season

The 2007–08 season was Torquay United's first season in the Conference National after being relegated from League Two. The season runs from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008.
Overview.
Having been a Football League team for 80 years, Torquay United were finally relegated at the end of the 2006–07 season. After the most chaotic and disastrous season in Torquay's history, chairman Mike Bateson eventually sold the club to an eight-man consortium with Alex Rowe appointed as the new chairman and former-Gull Colin Lee returning as chief executive. Although Leroy Rosenior had previously been announced as the new manager, the consortium decided to go in a different direction and install ex-Torquay midfielder and current Exeter City assistant manager Paul Buckle as the new boss. With only a handful of players still on the club's books, Buckle had to work fast to build a new team in time for Torquay's first season in the Conference.
Despite a slightly nervous 0–0 draw with Grays Athletic in their first ever Conference match, the Gulls soon established themselves within the division and quickly became the team to beat. Buckle had managed to create a particularly potent strike force with new signings Tim Sills, Chris Zebroski and Lee Phillips combining to score nearly 50 league goals between them and Torquay were never out of the play-off spots all season. United were also enjoying more TV coverage than ever before with Setanta Sports now televising live Conference games and the BBC even coming to Plainmoor to broadcast the 4–1 FA Cup First Round victory over League One side Yeovil Town. Yeovil had themselves previously inflicted a cup 'upset' over Torquay in 1992 when they were a non-League side, so it was sweet revenge for the Gulls now that the two team's fortunes had been reversed.
After eventually finishing 3rd in the Conference, Torquay met their local rivals Exeter City in the play-off semi-final. Despite coming away from St James Park with a 2–1 lead in the first leg and going 1–0 up in the return match at Plainmoor, Exeter managed to score four goals in the final 18 minutes of the match to condemn Torquay to a 5–3 aggregate defeat and another season in the Conference. There was the possibility of a consolation for Torquay just a few days later as they had reached the final of the FA Trophy which entailed a trip to the new Wembley Stadium. However, a 1–0 defeat by Ebbsfleet United resulted in another disappointing day for the Gulls. Maybe the only highlight of the day was a late substitute appearance from Kevin Hill who made his 474th and final appearance for Torquay United, breaking the all-time appearance record which had been set by Dennis Lewis back in 1958.
Although Torquay United were perhaps a club who were fortunate to even still be in existence after the débâcle of the previous season, this was a campaign which had promised to deliver so much but had ultimately ended in disappointment. Having failed to return to the Football League at the first attempt, Torquay would now have to make sure they achieved it at the second time of asking.
League statistics.
Conference National.
‡ Halifax Town deducted 10 points for entering administration. Club relegated instead of Altrincham after going into liquidation.

</doc>
<doc id="20848571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848571" title="Wassmer WA-40">
Wassmer WA-40

The Wassmer WA-40 Super 4 Sancy is a French single-engined light aircraft of the 1960s and 70s. A single-engined low-winged monoplane with retractable nosewheel undercarriage, variants include the more powerful WA 4/21 Prestige and the WA-41 Baladou with a fixed undercarriage.
Design and development.
In 1955, Société Wassmer, which was formed in 1905 as an aircraft repair organisation, opened a design department, subsequently building over 300 Jodel aircraft under license before producing its first fully original aircraft, the WA-40 Super Sancy. This was a low-winged monoplane with a retractable nosewheel undercarriage. The fuselage was of steel tube construction with fabric covering, while the wings were of wooden construction. The first prototype flew on 8 June 1959, receiving French certification on 9 June 1960.
On the 53rd production aircraft (1963), a swept vertical fin and rudder were incorporated (designated WA.40A; first flying in January 1963 and receiving French certification in March 1963); all subsequent units produced continued the swept design.
In 1965 the WA.41, with fixed landing gear was introduced, named "Baladou". In March 1967 the "Super 4/21 Prestige", powered by a 235hp (175kW) Lycoming O-540 engine. The 4/21 used a McCauley variable-pitch propeller, autopilot, electric flaps and IFR instrumentation.
An all-metal derivative design, the "CE-43 Guépard" (Cheetah) was produced by CERVA, a production company which Wassmer and Siren SA formed. It used the same engine as the Prestige (which by 1971 had been upgraded to a 250hp Lycoming IO-540).
Wassmer suffered financial difficulty in 1977, and became insolvent in September 1977. By that time the Guépard offered an optional sixth seat, and designers were developing two further variants, the "CE.44 Cougar" and the "CE.45 Léopard". However, due to the liquidation, those developments were not finalized, and no further aircraft were produced after September 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20848623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848623" title="Hernández-Camacho's night monkey">
Hernández-Camacho's night monkey

The Hernández-Camacho's night monkey ("Aotus jorgehernandezi") is a species of night monkey of the family Aotidae. It was first described in 2007 by Thomas Defler and Marta Bueno. It has a gray neck and a white patch over each eye, separated by a black band. The fur on the chest, belly, lower arms and lower wrists is thick and white. It differs from other gray-necked night monkey species other than Brumback's night monkey in having 50 chromosomes. It is believed to live in Colombia on the western slopes and foothills of the Andes, between Quindío and Risaralda. It is possible that it occurs in Tatamá Natural National Park. This range is currently also considered part of the range of the Panamanian night monkey. The Latin name honors the late Colombian biologist Jorge Hernández-Camacho.

</doc>
<doc id="20848630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848630" title="2003 Speedway World Cup Final">
2003 Speedway World Cup Final

The 2002 Speedway World Cup Final was the fifth and last race of the 2002 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 9, 2003, in the Speedway Center in Vojens, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20848633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848633" title="Wreckreation Nation">
Wreckreation Nation

Wreckreation Nation, a production of True Entertainment, is a travel/reality television show on the Discovery Channel, highlighting unusual recreational activities and amateur competitions across the United States. It is hosted by Dave Mordal.
The show debuted on January 6, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20848656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848656" title="Auriculinella">
Auriculinella

Auriculinella is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae. 
This is a monotypic genus.
Species.
The only species within the genus "Leucophytia" is:

</doc>
<doc id="20848678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848678" title="List of Oricon number-one albums of 2007">
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2007

The highest-selling albums and mini-albums in Japan are ranked in the Oricon Weekly Chart, which is published by Oricon Style magazine. The data are compiled by Oricon based on each album's weekly physical sales. In 2007, 41 albums reached the peak of the charts.
R&B singer Kumi Koda's "Black Cherry" had the longest run of 2007. The album stayed atop of the charts for four consecutive weeks becoming the first female studio album since Ayumi Hamasaki's "Duty" in 2000. Korean pop singer BoA's "Made in Twenty (20)" made her the second artist after Ayumi Hamasaki to have five constructive number-one studio albums since her debut. Ayumi Hamasaki simultaneously released her greatest hits collection A Best 2; which consists of two albums ' and '. The former took the number-one spot while the latter took #2, making Hamasaki the first female artist in thirty-six years to take the Top two spots on the charts.
American pop group Backstreet Boys' "Unbreakable" became the first album of a foreign male group to top the Oricon for two consecutive weeks since O-Zone's "DiscO-Zone" in 2005. Other artists who had an extended run on the charts include Kaela Kimura, Mr. Children, Yui, Mariya Takeuchi, Namie Amuro, Sukima Switch, Hideaki Tokunaga, and Ketsumeishi. Folk rock singer Kazumasa Oda's "Jiko Best 2" makes him the oldest artist, at 60 years old, to have a number-one album on the chart. Canadian pop punk singer Avril Lavigne's "The Best Damn Thing" made her the first foreign artist to sell a million copies since her debut album.
The best-selling album overall of 2008 was Mr. Children's "Home" which sold over 1,181,000 copies. The second best-selling album was Koda's "Black Cherry", which sold 1,022,000 copies, followed by Kobukuro's "All Singles Best", which was released September 2006 selling over 850,000 copies. The fourth- and fifth-best-selling albums was Lavigne's "The Best Damn Thing" and Hamasaki's "A Best 2: White" respectively. "The Best Damn Thing" sold 840,000 while "A Best 2: White" sold 716,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20848680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848680" title="Cellular neuroscience">
Cellular neuroscience

Cellular neuroscience is the study of neurons at a cellular level. This includes morphology and physiological properties of single neurons. Several techniques such as intracellular recording, patch-clamp, and voltage-clamp technique, pharmacology, confocal imaging, molecular biology, two photon laser scanning microscopy and Ca2+ imaging have been used to study activity at the cellular level. Cellular neuroscience examines the various types of neurons, the functions of different neurons, the influence of neurons upon each other, how neurons work together.
Neurons and glial cells.
Neurons are cells that are specialized to receive, propagate, and transmit electrochemical impulses. In the human brain alone, there are over a hundred billion neurons. Neurons are diverse with respect to morphology and function. Thus, not all neurons correspond to the stereotypical motor neuron with dendrites and myelinated axons that conduct action potentials. Some neurons such as photoreceptor cells, for example, do not have myelinated axons that conduct action potentials. Other unipolar neurons found in invertebrates do not even have distinguishing processes such as dendrites. Moreover, the distinctions based on function between neurons and other cells such as cardiac and muscle cells are not helpful. Thus, the fundamental difference between a neuron and a nonneuronal cell is a matter of degree.
Another major class of cells found in the nervous system are glial cells. These cells are only recently beginning to receive attention from neurobiologists for being involved not just in nourishment and support of neurons, but also in modulating synapses. For example, Schwann cells, which are a type of glial cell found in the peripheral nervous system, modulate synaptic connections between presynaptic terminals of motor neuron endplates and muscle fibers at neuromuscular junctions.
Neuronal function.
One prominent characteristic of many neurons is excitability. Neurons generate electrical impulses or changes in voltage of two types: graded potentials and action potentials. Graded potentials occur when the membrane potential depolarizes and hyperpolarizes in a graded fashion relative to the amount of stimulus that is applied to the neuron. An action potential on the other hand is an all-or-none electrical impulse. Despite being slower than graded potentials, action potentials have the advantage of traveling long distances in axons with little or no decrement. Much of the current knowledge of action potentials comes from squid axon experiments by Sir Alan Lloyd Hodgkin and Sir Andrew Huxley.
Action potential.
The Hodgkin-Huxley Model of an action potential in the squid giant axon has been the basis for much of the current understanding of the ionic bases of action potentials. Briefly, the model states that the generation of an action potential is determined by two ions: Na+ and K+. An action potential can be divided into several sequential phases: threshold, rising phase, falling phase, undershoot phase, and recovery. Following several local graded depolarizations of the membrane potential, the threshold of excitation is reached, voltage-gated sodium channels are activated, which leads to an influx of Na+ ions. As Na+ ions enter the cell, the membrane potential is further depolarized, and more voltage-gated sodium channels are activated. Such a process is also known as a positive-feedback loop. As the rising phase reaches its peak, voltage-gated Na+ channels are inactivated whereas voltage-gated K+ channels are activated, resulting in a net outward movement of K+ ions, which repolarizes the membrane potential towards the resting membrane potential. Repolarization of the membrane potential continues, resulting in an undershoot phase or absolute refractory period. The undershoot phase occurs because unlike voltage-gated sodium channels, voltage-gated potassium channels inactivate much more slowly. Nevertheless, as more voltage-gated K+ channels become inactivated, the membrane potential recovers to its normal resting steady state.
Structure and formation of synapses.
Neurons communicate with one another via synapses. Synapses are specialized junctions between two cells in close apposition to one another. In a synapse, the neuron that sends the signal is the presynaptic neuron and the target cell receives that signal is the postsynaptic neuron or cell. Synapses can be either electrical or chemical. Electrical synapses are characterized by the formation of gap junctions that allow ions and other organic compound to instantaneously pass from one cell to another. Chemical synapses are characterized by the presynaptic release of neurotransmitters that diffuse across a synaptic cleft to bind with postsynaptic receptors. A neurotransmitter is a chemical messenger that is synthesized within neurons themselves and released by these same neurons to communicate with their postsynaptic target cells. A receptor is a transmembrane protein molecule that a neurotransmitter or drug binds. Chemical synapses are slower than electrical synapses.
Neurotransmitter transporters, receptors, and signaling mechanisms.
After neurotransmitters are synthesized, they are packaged and stored in vesicles. These vesicles are pooled together in terminal boutons of the presynaptic neuron. When there is a change in voltage in the terminal bouton, voltage-gated calcium channels embedded in the membranes of these boutons become activated. These allow Ca2+ ions to diffuse through these channels and bind with synaptic vesicles within the terminal boutons. Once bounded with Ca2+, the vesicles dock and fuse with the presynaptic membrane, and release neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft by a process known as exocytosis. The neurotransmitters then diffuse across the synaptic cleft and bind to postsynaptic receptors embedded on the postsynaptic membrane of another neuron. There are two families of receptors: ionotropic and metabotropic receptors. Ionotropic receptors are a combination of a receptor and an ion channel. When ionotropic receptors are activated, certain ion species such as Na+ to enter the postsynaptic neuron, which depolarizes the postsynaptic membrane. If more of the same type of postsynaptic receptors are activated, then more Na+ will enter the postsynaptic membrane and depolarize cell. Metabotropic receptors on the other hand activate second messenger cascade systems that result in the opening of ion channel located some place else on the same postsynaptic membrane. Although slower than ionotropic receptors that function as on-and-off switches, metabotropic receptors have the advantage of changing the cell's responsiveness to ions and other metabolites, examples being Gamma Amino-Butyric Acid (inhibitory transmitter), Glutamic Acid (excitatory transmitter), Dopamine, Norepinephrine, Epinephrine, Melanin, Serotonin, Melatonin, and Substance P.
Postsynaptic depolarizations can be either excitatory or inhibitory. Those that are excitatory are referred to as excitatory postsynaptic potential (EPSP). Alternatively, some postsynaptic receptors allow Cl- ions to enter the cell or K+ ions to leave the cell, which results in an inhibitory postsynaptic potential (IPSP). If the EPSP is dominant, the threshold of excitation in the postynaptic neuron may be reached, resulting in the generation and propagation of an action potential in the postynaptic neuron.
Synaptic plasticity.
Synaptic plasticity is the process whereby strengths of synaptic connections are altered. For example, long-term changes in synaptic connection may result in more postsynaptic receptors being embedded in the postsynaptic membrane, resulting in the strengthening of the synapse. Synaptic plasticity is also found to be the neural mechanism that underlies learning and memory. The basic properties, activity and regulation of membrane currents, synaptic transmission and synaptic plasticity, neurotransmisson, neuroregensis, synaptogenesis and ion channels of cells are a few other fields studied by cellular neuroscientists. Tissue, cellular and subcellular anatomy are studied to provide insight into mental retardation at the Mental Retardation Research Center MRRC Cellular Neuroscience Core. Journals such as "Frontiers in Cellular Neuroscience" and "Molecular and Cellular Neuroscience" are published regarding cellular neuroscientific topics.

</doc>
<doc id="20848689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848689" title="Hoochie coochie">
Hoochie coochie

The hoochie coochie was a sexually provocative belly dance that originated at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition in 1876. It became wildly popular during and after the Chicago World's Fair in 1893. Described by the "New York Journal" in 1893 as "Neither dancing of the head nor the feet", it was a belly dance performed by women of, or presented as having an, Eastern European gypsy heritage, often as part of travelling sideshows. "Gooch", "goochie" or "gootchie" was apparently already a term in the American South for a woman's vagina, and "hoochie coochie" has been suggested as referring directly to sex.
Since the dance was performed by women, a "goochie man", or "hoochie coochie man", either watched them or ran the show. Alternatively, from the directly sexual meaning of "goochie goochie", he was successful with women. This inspired the classic blues song "Hoochie Coochie Man", written by Willie Dixon for Muddy Waters, and covered by numerous musicians since. The dance was still popular at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition: the World's Fair of 1904, but had all but disappeared by the Second World War; the song was therefore harking back to an earlier "golden" era.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20848692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848692" title="The Revolving Paint Dream">
The Revolving Paint Dream

The Revolving Paint Dream were a London-based indie band who released two albums and two singles on Creation Records between 1984 and 1989.
History.
The band was formed in London in 1983 by Andrew Innes, who had previously played guitar for Alan McGee's band The Laughing Apple, and also contributed to McGee's later band, Biff Bang Pow!. The band also featured Innes's girlfriend Christine Wanless on vocals, Ken Popple (also of Biff bang Pow!) on drums, and part-time contributions on guitar from McGee himself. The band's debut single, the psychedelic "Flowers are in the Sky"/"In the Afternoon", was released in early 1984, the second single on Creation Records. Three years passed before the band's next release, the mini-LP "Off to Heaven", Innes now a member of Primal Scream and Wanless now working as a press officer for Creation. The band returned in 1989 with a new drummer, Luke Hayes, and a first full-length album, the experimental "Mother Watch Me Burn". The band's final release, the "Sun, Sea, Sand" single, was issued the same year.
A compilation of the band's work was released on the Rev-Ola label - "Flowers In The Sky: The Enigma Of The Revolving Paint Dream".

</doc>
<doc id="20848694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848694" title="Al Dhahra Bani Walid">
Al Dhahra Bani Walid

Al Dhahra Bani Walid () is a Libyan football team based in Bani Walid, central Libya. The club plays its home games at Bani Walid Stadium. The club currently plays in the Libyan Second Division (2008-09), having been promoted from the Libyan Third Division last season.

</doc>
<doc id="20848698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848698" title="Massaranduba">
Massaranduba

Massaranduba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20848735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848735" title="Al Ittihad Gheryan">
Al Ittihad Gheryan

Al Ittihad Gheryan () is a Libyan football club based in Gharyan in western Libya, south of Tripoli. The club currently plays in the Libyan Second Division (2008-09), having been promoted from the Libyan Third Division the season before. The club plays its home games at the GMR Stadium.
The club did have a season in the top flight (1994-95).

</doc>
<doc id="20848739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848739" title="Thomas C. Carson House">
Thomas C. Carson House

The Thomas C. Carson House is a historic house in Iowa City, Iowa. It is currently in use as the sorority house of the University of Iowa chapter of Alpha Phi, and is thus also known as the Carson-Alpha Phi House.
It is claimed that the first commercial radio station in Iowa City broadcast from the third floor.
The house was built in 1875 in Second Empire style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20848787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848787" title="Leucophytia bidentata">
Leucophytia bidentata

Leucophytia bidentata is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.
This species of snail is semi-marine in habitat.
Distribution.
This species is found on the coasts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean:
and the Mediterranean Sea:

</doc>
<doc id="20848791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848791" title="Prince Christian of Hesse-Darmstadt">
Prince Christian of Hesse-Darmstadt

Christian of Hessen-Darmstadt (25 November 1763, Bouxwiller - 17 April 1830, Darmstadt) was landgraf of the house of Hesse-Darmstadt and a Dutch general. He was also a keen Freemason, rising to grandmaster.
Life.
The youngest son of landgraf Louis IX and his wife Caroline, one of his brothers was grand-duke Louis I. Landgraf Christian studied in Strasbourg and then chose a military career in the service of the Dutch Republic. As lieutenant-general he fought for William V against the French from 1793 to 1794 and was badly wounded in the siege of Menen in April 1794. After the Dutch were defeated in 1795 he went into exile in England and later continued the war against France in the Austrian army. From 1799 he lived in Darmstadt, and is buried in the Alten Friedhof there.

</doc>
<doc id="20848793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848793" title="David Hodges (disambiguation)">
David Hodges (disambiguation)

David Hodges (born 1978) is an American musician.
David Hodges may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20848817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848817" title="White Mosque, Ramla">
White Mosque, Ramla

The White Mosque ( "a-Masjid al-Abyad", "haMisgad haLavan") is an ancient Ummayad mosque in the city of Ramla, Israel. Only the minaret is still standing. According to local Islamic tradition, the northwest section of the mosque contained the shrine of a famous Islamic saint, Nabi Salih.
History.
The mosque was built by the caliph Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik in 715-717, but was completed by his successor Umar II by 720. The mosque itself was constructed of marble, while its courtyard was made of other local stone. Two hundred years later, Al-Muqaddasi described it as follows:
Reconstruction.
An earthquake in January 1034 destroyed the mosque, "leaving it in a heap of ruins", along with a third of the city. In 1047, Nasir Khusraw reported that the mosque had been rebuilt.
After the initial construction Ilyas Ibn Abd Allah supervised the second phase design of the western enclosure wall and the central ablutions building for Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn Yūsuf ibn Ayyūb (Saladin) in 1190 CE. The third phase, in 1267-1268, began after the Crusader occupation was terminated. On the orders of the Mamluk sultan al-Zahir Baybars rededicated as a mosque and was modified by incorporating the dome, placing a new pulpit and prayer niche and adding the minaret. The sultan Muhammad al-Nasir Ibn Qalawun renovated the minaret after an earthquake in October 1318.
The Mamluks commissioned restoration works in 1408.
Muslim tradition dating back to 1467 claims that forty of the prophet Muhammads companions were buried in the mosque, which erroneously influenced Western Christian tradition from the 16th century that the White Mosque was originally a church dedicated to the forty martyrs of Sebastia, Nablus.
Architecture.
Much of the mosque was constructed in white marble with cypress and cedar wood used for the doors. It had four facades organized on a cardinal axis, of which the eastern one is in disrepair. The minaret was the north of the mosque structure, square in shape with five stories, each adorned with window niches, and a balcony towards the top. The minaret was probably influenced by Crusader design, but it was constructed by the Mamluks. The minaret is tall. There is speculation, however, that the minaret may have earlier been located closer to the center of the mosque as remnants of a square foundation have been found there. Although, this may have been just a fountain. The mosque also featured three underground cisterns with barrel-vaulted aisles below the central court.
Under the courtyard of the mosque, the Abbasids, in 789 CE, under Haroun al-Rashid, constructed enormous cisterns for storage of water which remain intact to this day. Broad pilasters support the barrel-domed ceilings of the cisterns. They were filled with rainwater collected from the area around the mosque and with water carried by an aqueduct from the springs in the hills east of Ramla. The reservoirs provided water for the worshipers at the mosque and filled the pool for ablutions at the center of the courtyard, of which only the foundation remains today.
Archaeological excavations.
Excavations conducted in 1949 on behalf of the Ministry of Religious Affairs and Israel Department of Antiquities and Museums revealed that the mosque enclosure was built in the form of a quadrangle and included the mosque itself; two porticoes along the quadrangle's east and west walls; the north wall; the minaret; an unidentified building in the center to the area; and three subterranean cisterns. The mosque was a broadhouse, with a qibla facing Mecca. Two inscriptions were found that mention repairs to the mosque. The first relates that Sultan Baybars built a dome over the minaret and added a door. The second inscription states that in 1408 CE Seif ed-Din Baighut ez-Zahiri had the walls of the southern cistern coated with plaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20848834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848834" title="Khangabok">
Khangabok

Khangabok is a village located about 25 km south of Imphal, in the state of Manipur, India. Its jurisdiction falls under the Thoubal District Division. Khangabok is one of the largest villages in Manipur in terms of area and population.
The Meitei are the only ethnic groups in the village. The language spoken is Meiteilon (also known as Manipuri), which is recognized as one of India's national languages in 1992.
History.
There is a myth regarding the naming of "Khangabok". Years ago, Khangabok was covered under thick forest of Khangra, a type of tree. As population grew, the Khangra tree were chopped to make way for new settlements. These tree are popular for firewood and building material. Gradually people started calling the place as Khangrapokpi (place where Khangra grows). Later the word was shortened to Khangrabok, and to Khangabok. The name is sometimes misspelt as Khangbok, instead of Khangabok.
The Department of Archaeology, Government of Manipur, carried out excavation at Khangabok with a view of ascertaining the cultural sequence and studying the ethno-archaeology of the site in the campus of Khangabok Maisnam Leikai Boys' Primary School. Many goods comprising beads, bronze rings and plates, bones, potsherds were recovered from burial graves. The excavation revealed only the secondary pot burials with fragments of skull and bone with one to three pots from each burial. In addition, pot of medium size covered with ring-footed bowls were also unearthed. At least four to six thin bronze plates were found with each burial, perhaps used in ceremonial offerings.
Population.
As per size of electorate as on January 2011, the total population of Khangabok (Village Code=00141500) is 14667. Male comprises 50.37% (7388) of the total population.
Most of the people practice dual religion, namely Sanamahism and Hinduism. There are also Christians and Baha'i Faith followers in the village. Lainingthou Ikop Ningthou is the Umanglai (village deity) of Khangabok for which the Lai Haraoba (pleasing of the village deity) is celebrated annually with traditional fervour in the month of Kalen (equivalent to May in English calendar).
Geography, Vegetation and Climate.
Total area of Khangabok is 20.47 square kilometer, making it as the largest village in Thoubal District. Khangabok lies between 24-55 North latitudes and 94-98 East longitudes. Khangabok, because of its large area, is divided into three zones:
Part 1: (Awang Leikai, Sorok Wangma, Shanirou, Khullakpam Leikai and Maning Leikai),
Part 2: (Moirang Palli, Mayai Leikai, Loishang, and Maisnam Leikai) and
Part 3: (Makha Leikai, Khunou, Cherapur, Laipat, Tangkha Leikai and Lamlong).
Khangabok is bounded in the north-west by Athokpam village, in the north-east by Charangpat village, in the east by Hayel-Labuk village, in the south by Wanjing village and Tentha village, and in the west by Ikop Pat (Lake). 
Khangabok represents the features of flat plain topography. The soil is of the type alluvium and contains small rock fragments, sand and sandy clay. The vegetation consists of a large variety of plants ranging from short and tall grasses, reeds and bamboos to trees of various species. Arundo Donax (yengtou), Leihao, Bamboo, Cane, Eucalyptus etc. are important forest resources growing in plenty.
There are four rivers that run through Khangabok and they are named as Karak River, Arong River, Shagonkong (also known as Hogaibi) River and Nongdambi River. The Ikop Pat, which is situated in the western side of Khangabok, is one of the largest lakes in Manipur.
The climate of Khangabok is largely influenced by the topography of the hilly region which defines the geography of Manipur. Like other places in Manipur, the village is blessed with a generally amiable climate though the winters can be a little chilly. The maximum temperature recorded in the summer months is around 32 degree Celsius. In winter the mercury often falls near to zero degree Celsius. The coldest month is in January and July experiences the maximum summer temperature. The weather remains bright and sunny without the scorch of the sun during the period from October to March. The village is also drenched in rains from the months of May and continues till the middle of October. The downpour ranges from light drizzles to heavy showers. The normal rainfall enriches the soil and helps in agricultural processes and irrigation. 
The National Highway (India) 39 which connects Numaligarh, Assam to the end of Indo-Myanmar Border town Moreh runs through Khangabok. This road is included in AH1, longest route of the Asian Highway Network. Other important intra-village roads connecting various places of village are: Khullak Road, Mamang Road, Sorok Wangma Road, Moirang Palli Road and Makha Road. Khullak Road is to be converted into a State Highway in near future to provide easy connectivity to access the District hospital situated at the village.
Economy.
The main economy comes from agriculture. Agricultural products include rice, maize, vegetables and fruits. Khangabok is famous for handicrafts and some of these native exotic handicrafts include bamboo baskets ("thumuk") and harvesting mats ("yenna phak") made from Giant Cane also known as Arundo Donax ("yengtou"). Khangabok is famed throughout Manipur for "Tule", (Schoenoplectus acutus) know locally as Kouna, based handicrafts too. Kouna is used for making seating mat (phak), stool (mora), chair, mattress and various other crafts. 
The only sugar factory of Manipur is located at Khangabok. However, it is no longer operational and instead an outpost for the 3rd Indian Reserved Battalion (IRB) has been set up inside the premise. Other economy comes from fishery, trade, hand-loom products etc.
Education.
Khangabok has become a major educational hub in Manipur for pre-college education, thanks to the many prominent schools being established in the village. Some of the schools in Khangabok are:
Higher Secondary Schools (All Privates):
High Schools:
Pimary Schools:
Government.
Khangabok houses many government institutions such as:
Past and Present MLAs elected from Khangabok.
Important Places.
BASU Khangabok
BASU, abbreviation for The Blooming Athletics And Sports Association, is a sporting club in Khangabok which was established in 1972. BASU is one of the most successful clubs in Manipur in the field of Kho-Kho and Kabaddi and has produced many national level sportsmen and sportwomen. It has hosted Kho-Kho in the 30th National Games of India held in Manipur. The Devala Memorial Cricket Trophy is held annually in the month of January and February. The other sports associated with BASU are Football, Cricket, Horse Racing, Boxing, Karate, Tae Kwon Do, Mukna (indigenous wrestling) etc. The BASU Ground is one of the most popular sporting venues in Manipur. The ground is also a favourite venue for Thabal Chongba.
Ikop Pat
The lake is situated in western part Khangabok, at a distance of about 40 km in the south-eastern direction of Imphal and is located at an altitude of 772 m above MSL is 7.5 m in length and 1.8 m in breadth during the rainy season. The surface area measures 13.5 km2 while the depths in the different areas range between 0.93 and 1.59 m. The depths have become much shallower currently. The volume of the lake is estimated as 0.013 cu m .The Lake is physiographically characterized by a saucer shaped basin with gentle slope and a much silted bottom. Physico-chemical analysis of the water samples from the lake reveal highly polluted condition. There occurs rise in the water temperature while the turbidity rate also stands high. The water in many areas is found to be highly acidic (pH-3.6) while in other areas high alkalinity (pH-9.3) has been noticed. Observation of high concentration of dissolved carbon dioxide coupled with lower values of dissolved oxygen in different seasons reveal the deteriorating quality of water.
The Ikop Lake is currently under great human pressure due to heavy encroachments due to the development of farms by a number of fishing co-operative societies. The Ikop Pat is also a part of the famous legacy based on the legendary lovers-Khamba and Thoibi of Moirang. As the tale goes Ikop Pat is where Khamba captured a wild bull. A tourism spot is being developed at the Ikop lake which is expected to be opened to the public in 2014. Once completed it will have picnic spot, boating, gardens etc.
Lamlong Bazar
This is one of the busiest markets in Khangabok situated at the junction of Khullak Lambi, Makha Lambi and Mamang Lambi.
Bangshibadan Temple
In 1798, King Bhagyachandra was given an instruction in his dream by Lord Krishna. Accordingly, idol of Shri Abdeita was carved out of a jack-fruit tree and the idol was erected at Lamangdong. Two more idols were sculpted out of the jack fruit tree. One was named Bangshibadan, and was given to a royal attendant who resided at Khangabok. The other idol was Gourarai Prabhu in Sega road. People from various places of Manipur come to Bangshibadan Temple for worshipping.

</doc>
<doc id="20848838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848838" title="Tian Mingjian incident">
Tian Mingjian incident

The Tian Mingjian incident was an act of mass murder that occurred in Beijing, China on September 20, 1994, when People's Liberation Army officer First Lieutenant Tian Mingjian (Chinese: 田明建) first killed his officer as well as his battalion of 24 at his military base in Tongxian County and afterwards drove towards Jianguomen, where he continued his shooting spree and indiscriminately fired at people in the streets. Dozens were killed and wounded, including an Iranian diplomat and his son, before Lt. Tian was finally shot dead by a police sniper.
Background.
Tian Mingjian (born in 1964) was a First Lieutenant stationed at an army base in Tongxian County, a suburb of Beijing. He had been in the military for over ten years, originally was a sharpshooter and was highly skilled in the military technological field. He was once promoted to regimental staff officer for military affairs, but due to his bad temper and irritability was eventually demoted to acting company commander. At the time of the shooting he served in this position in the 12th Regiment of the Third Guards Division of the Beijing Garrison Command. He was said to have violated discipline by beating other soldiers and had a grievance against his superiors for being reprimanded about this.
Tian was married, but due to his demotion his wife was not allowed to live with him at the base. He sent gifts to the regimental political commissar, who then promised to help him in this matter, but two days prior to the shooting the commissar returned the gifts and hinted that he would punish Tian.
It was also reported that Tian had a quarrel with his superiors, because they had forced his wife to have an abortion when she was pregnant with their second child. Due to the One Child Policy in China, most people are not allowed to have more than one child. Tian already has a daughter, but he comes from the rural area in Henan Province, where people hold a strong traditional cultural value that have no son is among the Three Biggest Failure in a man's life. Thus Tian secretly planning of having a son until someone in the army snitch him off, and the birth control officer force his wife to have an abortion. By that time his wife has already pregnant for seven month, this is a bad timing for abortion, his wife died during the operation along with the unborn fetus (later proved to be a boy).
Shooting.
Army base.
On September 20 Tian armed himself with a Type 81 assault rifle and killed the regimental political commissar on the drill ground. He also killed three other military officials who were trying to stop him, and injured at least ten more, before fleeing the military base. While his fellow soldiers were ordered to change into civilian clothing in order to not disturb the public when searching for the deserter, Tian hijacked a jeep and headed towards Beijing. Other reports stated he boarded a bus.
Jianguomen.
At 7:20 a.m., when approaching a red light in Jianguomen, the driver crashed his vehicle into a tree and tried to escape. Tian killed him, jumped out of the car and started to shoot people at random while making his way towards the embassy district. He thus killed 17 civilians, as well as Iranian diplomat Yousef Mohammadi Pishknari and his 9-year-old son, while another of Pishknari's sons and his daughter were wounded. 
By then thousands of police were rushing to the scene and desperately tried to apprehend the gunman, but were unable to do so, since Tian was an experienced and excellent marksman. Police finally besieged Tian at Yabao Road and engaged in a gunbattle with him, in which an undisclosed number of officers was killed, and a number of passers-by hit by bullets. Also a bus got caught in the line of fire, when the driver in panic stopped his vehicle, resulting in more casualties. Eventually heavy police fire forced Tian to flee into a dead end, where he was killed by a sniper.
The exact number of casualties remains unknown, though in the immediate aftermath 14 people were reported dead, and 72 others wounded, many of them so severely that doctors expected the death toll to rise to 40 or 50. The newspaper Lien Ho Pao reported on December 7 the same year that 15 people were killed, among them six servicemen, and 60 others were wounded.
Aftermath.
When Canadian television began to report live about the shooting at the embassy district satellite transmission was immediately turned off by the Chinese government, and further reporting and on-site interviews were prohibited.
Shortly after the shooting the Beijing Garrison Command (BGC) was ordered by the Central Military Commission to conduct a thorough review of the incident. The investigation was organized by the People's Liberation Army's General Staff Headquarters and the General Political Department, and headed by Zhang Zhen, then vice chairman of the Central Military Commission.
Due to the investigation the commander of the Beijing Military Region, Lieutenant General Li Laizhu, and its political commissar, Lieutenant General Gu Shanqing, were given serious warnings as a disciplinary sanction and serious demerits within the party. It also resulted in the dismissal and demeriting of BGC commander, Major General Liu Fengjun, and BGC political commissar, Major General Yang Huichuan, who were then replaced by He Daoquan and Zhang Baokang. Additionally the commander and political commissar of the Third Guards Division, as well as the commander of the 12th Regiment and all battalion commanders and instructors under his command were dismissed, while several military officials of the Political Department of the Beijing Military Region, and the Beijing Garrison Headquarters and Political Department were punished. In total about 60 military officials were punished, demerited, or dismissed as a consequence of the shooting.
Furthermore the Third Guards Division of the Beijing Garrison was transferred from Beijing to a remote border post, and a general order was issued to the entire army by the Central Military Commission Headquarters to strictly carry out weaponry management system and to strengthen ideological work.
Others have been awarded for their handling of the shooting, among them an official who directed Tian's interception and the sharpshooter who had killed the gunman.

</doc>
<doc id="20848848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848848" title="Freedom Park">
Freedom Park

Freedom Park may refer to:
You may be also looking for:

</doc>
<doc id="20848852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848852" title="Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center">
Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center

The Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center at Midreshet Ben-Gurion is the national alternative energy research institute of Israel. It was established in 1987 by the Ministry of National Infrastructures to study promising alternative and clean energy technologies, particularly those involving solar power. Since July 1991 the Center has been operated by Ben-Gurion University of the Negev's Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research. Its director is David Faiman.
In 2007 it was announced that the Center was collaborating with Zenith Solar to create a home system of solar cells based on technological research conducted under Faiman.

</doc>
<doc id="20848855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848855" title="John Hodges (disambiguation)">
John Hodges (disambiguation)

John Hodges (1855–1933) was an Australian cricketer.
John Hodges may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20848861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848861" title="Linsay House">
Linsay House

The Linsay House is a house in Iowa City listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is perhaps most famous as the model for the Bloom County boarding house. Currently, it is run as a not-for-profit cooperative by the River City Housing Collective.

</doc>
<doc id="20848865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848865" title="Nnegest Likké">
Nnegest Likké

Nnegest Likké (born February 19, 1970) is an American film director and screenwriter.
Biography.
Likké was born in 1970 in Oakland, California and raised in San Francisco and Oakland. Her father was Ethiopian revolutionary Senay Likké who met her mother at the University of California, Berkeley in the 1960s. Likké attended Skyline High School in Oakland, and Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta, Georgia. Her début film was 2006 comedy "Phat Girlz" which starred Mo'Nique.

</doc>
<doc id="20848881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848881" title="Thomas Defler">
Thomas Defler

Thomas R. Defler (born 26 November 1941; Denver, Colorado) is a North American primatologist who lives and works in Colombia. 
He earned his PhD from the University of Colorado at Denver in 1976 and then he moved to Colombia. Defler worked in eastern Colombia, in the Llanos until 1984 and then in the Amazonian Vaupés Department where he developed and lived in his research station, Estación Biológica Caparú until 1998 when he was obligated to flee from his research station by FARC guerrillas. He had run a primate rehabilitation center in Vaupes. He is the author of many papers about primates and of the books "Primates de Colombia" (2003), "Primates of Colombia" (2004) and "Historia Natural de los Primates Colombianos" (2010) . 
Currently, he heads another Amazonian research station that he has developed in the southern Colombian Amazon, Estación Ecológica Omé, that is affiliated with the National University of Colombia and he teaches at the Bogotá campus of the same university. He and the Colombian biologist Marta Bueno are credited with first describing Hernández-Camacho's night monkey ("Aotus jorgehernandezi") in 2007. Together with Javier Garcia, he led an expedition in which they discovered and described a new species of titi monkey, the Caquetá titi ("Callicebus caquetensis"). Using karyotypes, Defler has done work clarifying the taxonomy of various species of night monkey ("Aotus"). He has done field studies in the Colombian llanos and the Colombian Amazon on the white-fronted capuchin ("Cebus albifrons"), the brown woolly monkey ("Lagothrix lagothricha"), the black-headed uakari ("Cacajao melanocephalus"), the black titi ("Callicebus lugens"), the Lucifer titi ("Callicebus lucifer"), and the Venezuelan red howler ("Alouatta seniculus") and has accomplished many primate censuses in different parts of eastern Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="20848889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848889" title="Carychium">
Carychium

Carychium is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae.
Species.
species within the genus "Carychium" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20848900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848900" title="Molesworth Street">
Molesworth Street

There are at least two notable streets called Molesworth Street:
There are also Molesworth Streets in the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="20848910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848910" title="Holes (album)">
Holes (album)

Holes, released in 2004, is the first album by indie pop band melpo mene, produced by Imperial Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20848914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848914" title="Al Harati Khums">
Al Harati Khums

Al Harati () is a Libyan football club based in Khoms, 100 km east of Tripoli. The club plays its home games at either Khoms Stadium or Harati Stadium.
History.
At the end of the 1950s, there was an urgent necessity and urgent need for the emergence of culture, sports and the arts in the city of Khoms, a city that had a distinct wealth of ambitious young people whp were jealous of their city, and amid the four walls of what was known as "Ghuma's shop". The spark for the beginning of sports activities, especially football, as a football team was made to become legitimate and entitled to participate in sports courses. These were undertaked for the benefit of sport. The required documentation & licences were given to the young people of this city. Listed below were among the founders of the club:
A base of operations, a transport station, was found, although this did not last long, as the club used the hotel in Khoms, between 1965 and 1966. The club changed location again, this time behind the Arab Cement Building in Khoms, where it remains today.
Current squad.
"2008-09 season"
"In brackets is the year of player's birth"

</doc>
<doc id="20848925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848925" title="Níspero">
Níspero

Níspero, nipero and mespel are terms referring to certain fruit-bearing trees, or to their fruit in particular:

</doc>
<doc id="20848943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848943" title="MSrE M-21">
MSrE M-21

__NOTOC__
The MSrE M-21 "Harag" (Hungarian: "Fury") was an aerobatics aircraft built in Hungary in 1936, sometimes known as the Szegedy M-21 after one of its designers, József Szegedy. It was a conventional biplane design with single-bay staggered wings of equal span braced by N-struts. The pilot sat in an open cockpit, and the tailwheel undercarriage featured divided main units. Only a single example was built.

</doc>
<doc id="20848971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848971" title="Karoline Jagemann">
Karoline Jagemann

Karoline Jagemann (from 1809 Freifrau) von Heygendorff (25 January 1777, Weimar10 July 1848, Dresden) was a major German tragedienne and singer. Her great roles included Elizabeth in "Mary Stuart" (1800) and Beatrice in "The Bride of Messina" (1803). She is also notable as a mistress of Karl August, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, the father of her three children. Both she and Karl August had their portraits painted by Heinrich Christoph Kolbe.
Life.
Henriette Karoline Friedericke Jagemann was the daughter of the scholar and librarian Christian Joseph Jagemann (1735–1804), and sister of the painter Ferdinand Jagemann (1780–1820). She studied first at the Weimar Princely Free Zeichenschule, where her brother was later a lecturer. From 1790 she trained in acting and singing in Mannheim under August Iffland and Heinrich Beck.
She made her debut in 1792 in the title role of the opera "Oberon – The Fairy King" by Paul Wranitzky at Mannheim's Nationaltheater and was engaged as a court-singer in Weimar in 1797. She and the soprano Henriette Eberwein, the tenor Carl Melchior Jakob Moltke, and the bass Karl Stromeier collectively made up the "Weimar Quartet". She was guest-singer in 1798 at Berlin, in 1800 at Vienna, and later in Stuttgart, Frankfurt am Main and Leipzig.
In 1809 her lover, Grand Duke Karl August, made her ""Freifrau" (Baroness) "von Heygendorff"" and left her Heygendorf manor. Witnessed by the Grand Duke, their son Karl was officially granted the Heygendorff title on 16 May 1809 and he and his children entered the Saxon grand-ducal nobility.
In the same year Karoline von Heygendorff was made director of the opera and – after Goethe's retirement from theatre – took over as sole director of the court theatre, from 1824 as "Oberdirektor". After Karl August's death in 1828, Karoline retired from the stage and lived out her last years with her son in Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="20848996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20848996" title="Walter Curran Mendenhall">
Walter Curran Mendenhall

Walter Curran Mendenhall (February 20, 1871 – June 2, 1957), was the fifth director of the US Geological Survey. 
Life.
Mendenhall was born in Marlboro, Ohio to William King Mendenhall and Emma P. Garrigues. He graduated from Ohio Normal University. He married Alice May Boutelle (born 1876); the couple had two daughters, Margaret Boutelle Mendenhall (born 1916) and Alice Curran Mendenhall (born 1918). 
USGS career.
In December 1930, Hoover appointed George Otis Smith to the newly reorganized Federal Power Commission and then appointed Walter C. Mendenhall to succeed Smith as Director of the US Geological Survey, honoring not only a commitment to appoint the heads of scientific agencies from within the civil service but also a commitment to support basic research. Mendenhall and smith were both 59 years old. Mendenhall had joined the Survey in 1894, fresh from Ohio Normal University, and had mapped in the Appalachian coal fields. In 1898, he had been one of the pioneer geologists in Alaska, and in 1903 he had become one of the first ground-water specialists in the Water Resources Branch. 
An early member of the Land Classification Board, he became its chairman in 1911 and in 1912 the first Chief of the Land Classification Branch. For eight years before becoming Director, Mendenhall had been the Chief Geologist. Although more than half his surveying career had been in administrative work, he had made notable contributions to the geology of Alaska, and his study of the principles in ground-water hydrology had helped to establish it as a field of scientific endeavor. King, Powell, Walcott and Mendenhall all were members of the National Academy of Sciences.
Mendenhall's directorate was pivotal in the history of the Geological Survey. In spite of the difficult times, the depression years, and the beginning of World War II, he encouraged the Survey, as he had the Geologic Branch, to emphasize the necessity of basic research and created an environment in which, in the words of the Engineering and Mining Journal, "scientific research, technical integrity, and practical skill could flourish." 
A year after Mendenhall became Director, the Federal budget was sharply cut as the effects of the depression began to be felt. The appropriations were not restored to earlier levels until the late 1930s, shortly before the outbreak of World War II, but the Survey subsisted, even grew, on funds transferred from agencies formed to combat the depression by the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration. The Tennessee Valley Authority, established in May 1933, turned to the Survey to meet its need for maps of the entire valley and for a much expanded program of stream gaging throughout the basin. 
In 1943, as the Federal Government began planning for the postwar era, Director Mendenhall, who had served 2 years beyond then mandatory retirement age by Presidential exemption, was succeeded by William Embry Wrather. Mendenhall died in Chevy Chase, Maryland, 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20849005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849005" title="Neal Craig">
Neal Craig

Neal Craig (born April 21, 1948 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former American football safety in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the seventh round of the 1971 NFL Draft. He played college football at Fisk University.

</doc>
<doc id="20849011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849011" title="Myosotella">
Myosotella

Myosotella is a European genus or subgenus (of "Ovatella") of small, salt marsh snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae. It eats algae growing on the rocks in a stream.
Species.
Species within the genus "Myosotella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20849013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849013" title="Jakob Wilhelm Roux">
Jakob Wilhelm Roux

Jakob Wilhelm Roux (13 April 1771, Jena - 22 August 1830, Heidelberg) was a German painter and draughtsman.
Roux was born to a Huguenot family. He studied mathematics for a time at the University of Jena. He later enrolled in the university of Christian Immanuel Oehme where his interests and classes turned to the arts. It was while studying there that he met the surgeon Justus Christian Loder, with whom he collaborated with. Roux did a number of anatomical illustrations for Loder.
Roux later primarily painted portraits. He was first married in 1801 to Pauline Johanna Heyligenstädt, and they had two daughters and a son together. Two years after she died in 1823, Roux re-married to Charlotte Mariana Wippermann. They had two sons together. He died in Heidelberg in 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="20849042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849042" title="Hans Traupe">
Hans Traupe

Hans Traupe (4 May 1913 – 26 June 2004) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) and Oberstleutnant of Schutzpolizei in the Waffen SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Hans Traupe was born in Kunern on 4 May 1913. From 1919 to 1924 he attended elementary school, and then worked in the family business in Volksen until April 1934, when he joined the Army. He served in the 71st Infantry Regiment of the Reichswehr and was stationed in Göttingen.
After completing his military service, Traupe volunteered to join the SS-VT in 1936 (SS service number 121,951). He was selected to become an officer and was posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tölz from 1936 to 1937. Following graduation, he was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant).
In May 1937 he was also made a Leutnant of Schutzpolizei and sent to Berlin to serve with the Polizeigruppe Nord.
From January to June 1938, Traupe worked at the officer cadet school at Köpenick and was then a teacher at the Police school in Rathenow.
World War II.
During World War II, Traupe was attached to the 4th SS Polizei Division and served in the Battle of France, during which he was awarded the Iron Cross (2nd class). He was next involved in Operation Barbarossa (the invasion of the Soviet Union). In September 1941, he was awarded the Iron Cross (1st class). He was promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and Hauptmann of Schutzpolizei in September 1942.
Traupe was awarded the Knight's Cross for his command performance in January 1944, when the Soviet troops had broken the German lines at Leningrad and threatened to encircle the 18th Army.
Traupe and his battalion defended the Libunici sector and the German forces were able to pull back to a new position. As well as being awarded the Knight's Cross, he was promoted to Sturmbannführer (Major) and Major of Schutzpolizei. He was given command of the III. Battalion, 1st SS Polizei Panzergrenadier Regiment.
Traupe received his final promotion of the war in July 1944 to Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) and Oberstleutnant of Schutzpolizei and then led what was left of the 4th SS Polizei Division back to the Kurmark training area. In August 1944 he was selected to attend a regimental commanders and armoured vehicle training course at Fallingbostel. After he completed the training course, he was posted to the 10th SS Panzer Division "Frundsberg" and given command of the 22nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment.
Postwar life.
Traupe survived the war and resided in the Dresden area until his death on 23 June 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20849052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849052" title="2010 Heineken Open">
2010 Heineken Open

The 2010 Heineken Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 35th edition of the Heineken Open, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2010 ATP World Tour. It took place at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, from January 11 through January 16, 2010.
ATP entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw through qualifying:
The following player received the lucky loser spot:

</doc>
<doc id="20849074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849074" title="Insurance-Linked Securities (ILS)">
Insurance-Linked Securities (ILS)

Insurance-linked securities (ILS) are broadly defined as financial instruments whose values are driven by insurance loss events. Those such instruments that are linked to property losses due to natural catastrophes represent a unique asset class, the return from which is uncorrelated with that of the general financial market.
Overview.
Insurance companies are in the business of assuming risk for individuals and institutions. They manage those risks by diversifying over a large number of policies, perils and geographic regions. There are two important ways insurers profit in this business. 
One is by selling portfolios of insurance policies grouped into packages, to interested investors. The risk from low severity, high probability events can be diversified by writing a large number of similar policies. This reduces an insurer’s risk because should a policy default, then the loss is shared between a large number of investors.
The second way insurers profit on policies is by re-insuring them through other insurers. A reinsurance policy would allow a second insurer to share in the gain and potential loss of the policy, much like an investor. The secondary insurer would share invested interest and risk. The reinsurance of policies offers additional risk capital and high returns for the policy originator, and minimizes their liability, while also providing high returns for any secondary insurer.
History.
Since 2001, the market for insurance-linked securities has increased substantially, creating an industry with over $15 billion trading between capital market investors. The union of insurance risks with the capital market created a new method for insurers to spread their risk and raise capital. Insurance-linked securities provide life insurance companies with the ability to transfer or spread their risk while releasing its value to the open market through asset-backed notes.
This emerging market showed much potential and growth until the collapse of the CDO market, with the effect disrupting the ILS market.
The collapse of sub-prime collateralized debt obligations, or CDOs, had a disastrous effect on all structured financial markets, including life insurance risk. The high complexity of life insurance securitization is one of the reasons for the collapse of the insurance-linked securities market.
Purpose.
The market for insurance linked securities has been very attractive for investors and insurers. One portion of insurance linked securities is the reinsurance of high severity, low probability events known as CAT bonds, or catastrophe bonds. These include cover for natural disasters and other uncontrollable events. These policies are grouped by their assessed risk, and then re-insured by other insurers.
CAT bonds are very risky in general. Therefore, an insurer will try to minimize risk by writing many such policies. If an insurer charges a premium equal to the expected annual loss, it can stand to profit by those premiums by the law of large numbers.
Another way insurance companies can spread their risk from CAT bonds is to transfer risk to another insurer, thereby re-insuring the original insurer’s portfolio and minimizing liability. A re-insurance policy could assume a loss of “$10 million above $50 million with 5% participation.” In this scenario, the secondary insurer pledges to pay the policy originator up to 95% of $10 million for any loss above $50 million.
Investors are attracted to these contracts because they are unrelated to financial markets. That is where the capital markets and insurance-linked securities meet, through derivative or securities markets. CAT bonds are grouped by their level of risk and sold in portfolios in security markets. This makes re-insuring these contracts more attractive because it opens a whole market for them to be sold and for risk to be spread among many investors. It is much more attractive to write expensive, risky policies and share the risk with thousands of others than it is for one firm to assume total liability.
Types.
The most prevalent securitized insurance contracts exchanged in capital markets include:
Issuance.
To issue an ILS in the security or derivative market, an insurer would first issue an SPV, or Special purpose vehicle. An SPV has two functions; it provides re-insurance for insurance companies and issues securities to investors. At first, an SPV deposits funds collected by investors into a trust. Any interested parties will pay a premium to the SPV. The money from the premium and investment income will provide the interest payments owed to investors.
If there is no catastrophic event, or trigger event, before the maturity date of the contract, investors will receive back their principal investment at maturity on top of the interest payments they have received.
Investors.
This following specialized funds invest in ILS:

</doc>
<doc id="20849079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849079" title="Jens Kramer">
Jens Kramer

Jens Kramer is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character was portrayed on recurring basis from September 24, 2008 to March 3, 2009 by actor Antonius Hermlin. The actor returned afterwards as a hallucination, before seen again in September 2010, when Jens is released from a psychiatric clinic, to the character's death in October 2010.
Character's background.
Jens is an old friend of Sebastian von Lahnstein (then played by Joscha Kiefer) and also knows his younger sister Rebecca (Jasmin Lord) from their childhood. He works as a photographer, what is the reason that brought him to Düsseldorf. Short after his arrival, Jens decides to stay and moves in with Gregor Mann (Andreas Jancke). In the Internet, he meets Lydia Brandner (Theresa Underberg), without knowing that she is Sebastian's ex-girlfriend. As soon as that come to be known, Jens finds out that Sebastian cheated on Lydia with her own mother Katja (Diana Frank). He ends his friendship with Sebastian and can't understand how somebody can do something like that, after he had his own story in his past, where his brother slept with his ex-girlfriend.
After he ended the friendship with Sebastian, he got closer with Lydia and already fall for the young woman. He finds out about the blog she is writing and tries to use it to get close to her - over the Internet and in person. Jens' plan works and Lydia begins to fall for him too. When they kiss, Lydia first thinks it's too soon, after she was hurt so badly by Sebastian. But eventually, Jens and she become a couple. Sebastian isn't happy about it, but he wants Lydia to find happiness again and tries to finally give up on her. Meanwhile, Jens sees Sebastian still as a threat and tells him several times to stay away from Lydia. His relationship with Lydia still in development, Jens tries to bring her to close her blog for good and no longer write about her feelings. Lydia finds that reasonable, because she has Jens now. But as soon as she decides to close the blog, she regrets her decision and wants to go on with it - to the displeasure of Jens. He feels threaten by the blog and doesn't want other people to know about Lydia's feeling. So, he begins to sabotage her blog, which goes so far, that he finds somebody that sues Lydia because of the name for the blog - which is already copyrighted.
But Lydia won't give up and wants to fight for her work and the people who read the blog. Shocked that it's Sebastian that wants to help Lydia with her legal problem, Jens sees only one chance to bind Lydia on their relationship. He proposes to her. But Lydia finally opens her eyes and sees that her relationship with Jens got to soon to fast and turns him down. When he presses too hard, Lydia decides to take a break and asks Jens to go. He keeps hoping for a reunion with her, but when he tries to take advantage of her after Lydia's mother died, she ends things with him completely. In that difficult time for Lydia, it is Sebastian who can give her the consolation she needs. Jens quickly gets jealous and sees a reunion coming for them as a couple. But there could be one thing that finally can break the special connection between them: The question if or if not Sebastian could be the father of Lydia's newborn sister Christina. Jens places a bug in the Brandner house and sends an anonymous message to Lydia. She guesses that Jens is behind it and wants to talk to him. But the situation gets out of control, when Lydia tells him again that it's over between them, he threatens to kill himself right in front of her. When Sebastian comes into the situation, when he takes Lydia hostage and threatens now her life. Sebastian appeals to Jens' love for Lydia and he does let her go. But with the next exhalation, Jens threatens them that he won't stop making their lives a living hell. Sebastian wants to go to the police, but Lydia doesn't want that and they also would have no proof. But soon Sebastian needs to realizes that Jens is capable of everything in his delusion. He tries to get him out of town by offering him a job as photographer in Namibia. Jens refuses and tells Sebastian that he won't get rid of him. Sebastian appeals on their old friendship and wants Jens to see that he needs help. Jens goes completely crazy and knows Sebastian down. Jens is shocked of his own doing, when he thinks that he killed Sebastian.
He tries to get rid of his body, when he discovers that Sebastian is still alive. Jens decides to take him to an empty warehouse in an industrial area, where nobody would find him. Sebastian realizes that he is surrendered by Jens, who tries to make up his mind how to go from here. He soon needs to hear that Lydia is worried over Sebastian and asks questions where he might been. She even gets a bad feeling that something happened to him, when she gets a text message from Sebastian's mobile phone. The message says that he is in Munich to speak with Jens' brother over the condition that Jens is in. Lydia is relieved for a few days. But when Sebastian doesn't shows up to an important meeting, she is questioning his whereabouts. Jens hears from the worry over the bug and pays a visit to Sebastian, who is in a really bad shape. With a knife he gets threaten by Jens to write a letter, which, after Jens' thinking, will stop the questions and the search for Sebastian. Lydia and the Lahnstein family find out eventually that Sebastian is kidnapped and he is rescued by Lydia, after she gets alarmed when Jens tries to get close to her again. Jens gets committed to a psychiatric hospital, where he tells Lydia that he will always be with her.
Sebastian has to suffer serious nightmares after his kidnapping, resulting dreaming and hallucinating about Jens. He tries to keep his condition a secret to Lydia, but she eventually gets behind what Sebastian still has to deal with and begs him to get professional help. After an argument Sebastian finally agrees and gets rid of Jens' daily present in his life.
Over a year goes by, Sebastian (now played by Sebastian Schlemmer) and Lydia got married, but aren't a happy couple anymore. Sebastian seems to live for his work and this results with Lydia starting an affair with Sebastian's cousin Ansgar von Lahnstein (Wolfram Grandezka). After Lydia has another encounter with Ansgar, she drives away and literally bumps into Jens. He finds out about her affair with Ansgar and in his twisted way, sees that as a chance to be together with her again, because for him it finally proves that Lydia's love for Sebastian isn't that strong. Jens threatens Lydia to tell Sebastian about the affair and even gives him photos that prove him right. But Sebastian trusts his wife and believes Jens manipulated them in order to destroy his marriage. Meanwhile, Ansgar knows about Lydia's fear of Jens and tries to scare him off. Anyway, Jens doesn't stop and discovers the secret place where Ansgar and Lydia meet. He overpowers Ansgar and captivates him before getting Lydia in his grip. Jens even tries to rape Lydia, before Ansgar can free himself and tries to protect Lydia. It comes to a fight between the men. As Jens seems to get stronger, Lydia pushes him away from Ansgar, which leads for Jens to break his neck on the door frame. He's immediately dead to the shock of Lydia, who has to overcome that she killed somebody. Ansgar realizes that Jens' death could expose their affair after all and wants to protect Lydia by taking the fault and covering the tracks of their affair. As Ansgar could be prosecuted for murder, Lydia comes clean and opens up about her affair to Ansgar and tells in front of the press, Sebastian and the Lahnstein family that she killed Jens.

</doc>
<doc id="20849086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849086" title="Myosotella denticulata">
Myosotella denticulata

Myosotella denticulata, common name the "mouse ear snail", is a European species of small, salt marsh snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.
Distribution.
This species is found in:

</doc>
<doc id="20849101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849101" title="Let's Play Schools">
Let's Play Schools

"Let's Play Schools" is a party game for kids developed by ZigZag Island and published in 2008 by Deep Silver for the Nintendo DS.
That is one of the first titles of the Let's Play brand, produced by Koch Media to compete with the Imagine brand of Ubisoft.
Concept.
In "Let's Play School", the player acts a young teacher during her 4 first days of work where she is going to have to take care of young children.
Every morning, the schedule of the day is given to the player.
The game is composed of 13 minis games only playable with the nintendo DS stylus.
To participate in a mini game, the player must go to the room of the school which is shown on the game map, displayed on the superior screen of the Nintendo DS.
When the player is in the good place, a bubble with the mini game icone appears on the screen. The player must simply touch the bubble to start the mini game.
Game environment.
The game environment is a school in 3D. Following the minis games, the player will have to go to the playground, the music room, the dance room, the classroom, the play room or the cafeteria.
The movement system is a point and click. The player touches a place of the tactile screen with the stylus and the teacher moves to this place.
Mini games.
The game is composed of 13 minis games :
European titles.
The name of the brand is localized in the different European countries :

</doc>
<doc id="20849103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849103" title="Christian Joseph Jagemann">
Christian Joseph Jagemann

Christian Joseph Jagemann (1735, Dingelstädt - 5 February 1804, Weimar) was a German scholar, court-advisor and librarian. 
Life.
Against his parents' wishes Christian became a monk, entering the Augustinian monastery at Erfurt in 1752. However, he soon fled to Denmark, where he became a private tutor. He reconciled with his parents and returned home, but then had to go to Rome and Florence as a Catholic priest. After his homecoming he joined the court of the prince of Mainz in 1774 as director of a church gymnasium in Erfurt, but lost this position the following year on the prince's death. Converting to Protestantism, in 1775 he became advisor and librarian to duchess Anna Amelia in Weimar. By his written works he promoted knowledge of the Italian old masters to Germany. His successor as librarian was Carl Ludwig Fernow.

</doc>
<doc id="20849105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849105" title="56th Operations Group">
56th Operations Group

The 56th Operations Group is a unit of the United States Air Force, and the flying component of the 56th Fighter Wing.
The group is the direct descendant of the World War II 56th Fighter Group of the United States Army Air Forces. The 56th Fighter Group is credited by the Air Force Historical Research Agency with the destruction of 665.5 aircraft in air-to-air combat, the 56th Fighter Group had more air-to-air kills than any other fighter group in the Eighth Air Force, was the top-scoring Republic P-47 Thunderbolt group during World War II, and recorded the second-highest number of air-to-air kills of any USAAF fighter group. The 56th also claimed 311 fighters destroyed on the ground.
Overview.
The 56th Operations Group is the second largest Operations Group in the United States Air Force with 13 separate reporting organizations (second only to the 55th Operations Group in Offutt AFB, NE).
In fiscal year 2006, the 56th Operations Group flew 37,000 sorties and 50,000 hours while graduating 484 F-16 students. With huge spaces in the western Arizona desert and clear weather skies for most of the year, Luke AFB and its ranges have been an important training asset for the United States Air Force for many years. This is likely to remain the case for the foreseeable future.
Aircraft assigned to the 56 OG are tail coded "LF", for "Luke Falcon"
Mission.
The mission of the 56 OG is to train F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter pilots. About 170 F-16s are assigned to the group's six operational squadrons, and daily launches can easily reach triple figures on a routine training day.
History.
(Except where noted, this material prior to 1958 is extracted from ).
Origins.
The group was activated as the 56th Pursuit Group on 15 January 1941 at Savannah Army Air Base, Georgia. Expansion of the group began after the move to Charlotte Army Air Base, North Carolina in May 1941 when they were equipped with a small number of Bell P-39 Airacobra and Curtiss P-40 Warhawk aircraft. Intensive training at Charleston Municipal Airport, South Carolina in Dec 1941 and from January to June 1942 at airfields in New York, at area headquarters at Mitchel Field. Here they flew on air defense patrols. Selected to train with the new Republic P-47B Thunderbolt, they received the first aircraft in June 1942. The group then moved to Bridgeport Municipal Airport, Connecticut on 7 July 1942 and continued testing and training with early P-47s. Alerted for overseas duty in December 1942 they sailed on the Queen Elizabeth on 6 January 1943 and arrived in Gourock on 11 January 1943.
The 56th PG was assigned three fighter squadrons:
Staffed by a cadre drawn from other units at nearby Hunter AAB the 56th PG organized as a combat unit with a high turnover in personnel. On 26 May 1941, the group relocated to Morris Field, Charlotte, North Carolina, where it received 3 P-39s and 10 Curtiss P-36 Hawks, and trained, participated in training maneuvers, served as an air defense organization, and functioned as an operational training unit (OTU). During maneuvers in October 1941 it received 10 new P-39s and performed well in an air defense role.
World War II.
<br>
On 10 December 1941, in the immediate aftermath of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the 56th FG moved to Wilmington Army Air Base, North Carolina for air defense duties, with its 61st FS based at Charleston AAB, South Carolina. It received 24 newly commissioned 2nd lieutenant pilots in December and set up a makeshift assessment school using five types of obsolete fighter aircraft, including P-35s and P-43s.
In mid-January 1942 the 56th FG shifted to air defense of New York City, with its headquarters based at Bendix AAF, New Jersey, and its squadrons assigned respectively to Bridgeport, Connecticut; Bendix; and Farmingdale, New York. In April 1942 it received a full complement of new P-40F Warhawks to replace its makeshift equipment.
In May 1942 it was redesignated the 56th Fighter Group and its component squadrons were redesignated as fighter squadrons. The 56th FG received its first operational P-47B's from nearby Republic Aviation in June, in which it began training for combat. One of its most notable pilots, Major Robert S. Johnson, noted that during this "break-in" phase, in addition to numerous non-fatal training accidents 18 pilots of the 56th FG were killed and 41 aircraft destroyed in crashes, many as a result of the wholly inadequate airfield at nearby Stratford, on Long Island Sound. Group headquarters shifted to Bridgeport in July, joined by the 63rd FS in September, and the 62nd FS received its P-47s in July at Bradley Field, Connecticut.
Four fighter groups sent to England in the summer of 1942 as part of the Bolero buildup had been transferred to the Twelfth Air Force to support the invasion of North Africa, leaving the U.S. VIII Fighter Command with a single fighter group. To rebuild the fighter forces, the 56th FG was assigned for overseas duty in England. Major Hubert A. Zemke, a pre-war Air Corps pilot with experience as a combat observer with the RAF and a P-40 instructor to the Soviet Air Force, became group commander on 16 September 1942. The 56th FG was alerted for overseas deployment on Thanksgiving Day, ceased all air operations, and moved to Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, on 28 December.
The 56th Fighter Group sailed from New York on the RMS Queen Elizabeth on 6 January 1943. Arriving at Gourock, Scotland, on 11 January, the personnel of the 56th FG moved by train to their first station at RAF Kings Cliffe in Cambridgeshire to await arrival of new P-47C's in late January. Shortly after its arrival in the UK, the 61st Fighter Squadron received a new pilot, Captain Francis S. Gabreski who had been seconded to No. 315 Squadron RAF, a fighter squadron of Polish Air Force pilots, to acquire combat experience. Bad weather prevented the group from flying its new aircraft until 10 February.
The 56th was one of three P-47 groups in England, and the only one to previously train on the Thunderbolt. The 4th Fighter Group at RAF Debden had been created the preceding September by incorporating the veteran RAF Eagle squadrons into the USAAF, and the newly arrived 78th Fighter Group at RAF Goxhill had previously flown P-38 Lightnings. Consequently the 56th was the only group of the three to have confidence in their aircraft despite problems of compressibility in dives, and performance teething problems that included poor rate of climb, poor acceleration, numerous engine seizures to oil counterbalance seal failures, ignition system problems, radio interference, and lack of spare parts.
At the end of three months of breaking in new equipment, trouble-shooting performance problems with their new airplanes, and training in the British tactics and procedures adopted by the VIII Fighter Command, the group moved to a new base at RAF Horsham St. Faith on 6 April 1943, which had been a pre-war permanent RAF station. The 56th received ground support there from the attached 33d Service Group, commanded by Lt. Col. Douglas Pollard, and the 41st Service Squadron.
Camouflage, unit markings, and radio call signs.
The three component squadrons, the 61st, 62d, and 63d Fighter Squadrons, flew P-47C (blocks 2 and 5) from February 1943 to April 1943, P-47D (blocks 1 through 30) from June 1943 to March 1945, and P-47Ms from January 1945 to 10 October 1945. All 130 P-47M models served with the 56th FG before it redeployed from UK.
The P-47C and P-47D aircraft received by the 56th FG were finished in factory-applied olive drab (OD) with gray lower surfaces. Because the P-47 was the only radial engined allied fighter, the danger of other allied fighters mistaking it for the Fw 190 caused VIII Fighter Command to have white cowl bands painted on the noses of P-47s after March 1943. Other rapid identification measures used were white banding on both the tail fin and horizontal stabilizers, and the use of oversized USAAF roundels on the undersides of both wings.
The USAAF ended the factory-applied camouflage on all aircraft produced after 13 February 1944, and the first unpainted block 21 "razorback" canopy and block 25 "bubble-top" canopy models arrived in May. The first "silver" aircraft, 42-26044, was left uncamouflaged, given the name "Silver Lady", and flown in combat by Capt. James Carter and Major Les Smith of the 61st FS. The first bubbletops, dubbed "Superbolts", were assigned to the group and squadron commanders until more became available.
The 56th applied field camouflage to most but not all of these replacement fighters. Most bubbletops were given an RAF-style "shadow-shading" (disruptive) pattern of "RAF green" (a shade similar to olive drab) overlaid on light sea gray (another RAF shade) on upper surfaces, while most razorbacks were field-painted in overall dark OD on upper and light gray on lower surfaces. Shadow shading, however, appeared in a variety of schemes and colors, adding to the distinction of the group's aircraft.
When P-47M's appeared in January 1945, each squadron adopted an individual camouflage scheme on upper surfaces while lower surfaces of the fighters were left unpainted. The 61st used a matte black color that faded to a dark purple. The 62d continued the green-and-gray shadow-shading pattern, while the 63d went to a shadow-shading pattern of "deep Mediterranean blue" (indigo) applied over sky blue.
VIII Fighter Command assigned the 56th Fighter Group two-letter squadron identification codes to be painted on the fuselages of its fighters, and each squadron assigned its aircraft individual letter identifiers. (The letters chosen for the 56th had previously been assigned to the 1st Fighter Group before it went to the Twelfth Air Force.) In early February 1944 the 56th replaced its white cowl bands with a different color for each squadron. This innovation lasted until mid-March, when VIII Fighter Command adopted a color system for all Eighth Air Force fighter groups. The 56th painted its noses red and later applied the squadron colors to the tail rudders of its Thunderbolts, an innovation that VIII Fighter Command also borrowed. The 56th discontinued use of squadron colors when it changed to P-47M's.
On 23 April 1944, VIII Fighter Command changed its system of radio call signs to reduce confusion when the fighter groups, now numbering a hundred or more fighters in their inventories, deployed two groups on escort missions ("A group" and "B Group"). Station call signs (RAF Halesworth's was STURDY, and RAF Boxted's DOGDAY) were unchanged, but all previous call signs were discontinued. In 1945 provision was also made for a C Group on missions (usually only 8 to 12 fighters) and all fighters assigned to a C Group mission used the common call sign.
Like all Allied aircraft flying over the continent, the 56th applied alternating black and white bands, known as "invasion stripes", to the rear fuselage and wings of its fighters just prior to D-Day. It retained the lower wing stripes and lower portion of the rear fuselage until the end of 1944, when most invasion stripes were deleted.
SOURCES: the basic source is Freeman, but Little Friends website has identical data
Combat operations and tactics.
1943.
P-47s of VIII Fighter Command performed three types of missions during 1943, all normally in group strength of 40–48 fighters, based on like operations used by the Royal Air Force:
The 56th FG sent its four most experienced pilots to Debden in early April 1943 to gain experience before the group's first mission, which occurred 13 April 1943. Its first combat and casualties occurred 29 April, when Capt. John E. McClure and 1st Lt. Winston W. "Bill" Garth of the 62nd FS became POWs. The 56th flew 24 missions and 900 sorties (almost entirely "Rodeo" fighter sweeps and "Circus" diversions) in April and May, losing a total of 3 aircraft to enemy action. Its first "Ramrod" bomber escort mission occurred 13 May, to Saint-Omer, France.
In June the group staged out of a forward base at RAF Manston, Kent, to extend its range and registered its first victories over the Luftwaffe, shooting down four fighters on sweeps along the coast of France and Belgium on the 12th and 13th. On 26 June, providing withdrawal support for a late afternoon bomber mission to Vélizy-Villacoublay airfield, it fought a 20-minute battle with veteran Fw 190 pilots of III/JG 26 over Forges-les-Eaux, France. The result was a major setback, with five Thunderbolts destroyed, four pilots killed, and only two German fighters shot down.
In July the 56th FG was moved from its comfortable quarters at Horsham St. Faith to a much-less improved installation at RAF Halesworth, along the coast of Suffolk, both to be nearer to German-occupied territory and to allow Horsham St. Faith to be completed as a heavy bomber base. On 12 August it used partially filled and unpressurized 200-gallon ferry tanks as jettisonable fuel tanks for the first time in combat, escorting bombers headed for Bonn, Germany. In its first four months of missions, the 56th Group shot down 9 aircraft and lost 10.
The 56th provided penetration support on 17 August 1943, for B-17s of the 4th Bomb Wing headed for Regensburg in the morning, returned to base to re-arm and re-fuel, and flew withdrawal support for the 1st Bomb Wing returning from Schweinfurt in the late afternoon. It scored its first major victory, penetrating fifteen miles (24 km) into Germany to break up frontal attacks on the bombers. The 56th used tactics it called "dive, fire, and recover", attacking German fighters from a higher altitude, taking advantage of its tremendous diving speed, then zooming back to gain altitude advantage. In a running twenty-minute battle across Belgium, the 56th claimed 17 German fighters shot down ( mainly of JG 3 and JG 26) for a loss of three P-47s and pilots. Three of those kills were made by Capt. Gerald W. Johnson of the 61st FS, who two days later (when the groups shot down 9 more) became the first ace in the group and the second in the ETO.
When the Eighth Air Force resumed deep penetration bombing missions between 2 and 14 October, the 56th FG shot down 37 Germans while losing just one Thunderbolt. Its radius of action had been considerably augmented on 31 August by the installation of new belly drop tank shackles on its P-47s that permitted use of 75-gallon steel drop tanks. The Thunderbolts were also modified to pressurize the tanks above by feeding vented air from the instrument vacuum pump into them, and became the norm for future operations, with range further extended periodically by the use of tanks of increasingly larger size. The use of wing tank pylons did not begin until May 1944 and because of its negative effect on maneuvering performance, was not preferred.
The addition of belly shackles also enabled the P-47 to carry bombs, and on a mission on 25 November both the 56th and 78th Fighter Groups bombed airfields in France, escorted by P-47s of the 353rd and 356th Groups. The 56th dropped from a horizontal attitude with mixed results, but the dive-bombing technique used by the 78th FG was particularly successful; the missions led to the subsequent development of the P-47 as a fighter-bomber, which became its primary role in the ETO.
Although bomber missions were cut back and contacts with German aircraft were sporadic for the remainder of the year, the 56th FG shot down 81 more Germans, including 23 on 26 November (for a single loss) and 17 on 11 December (2 lost). These actions was particularly effective in that the 56th destroyed large formations of Bf 110 "Zerstörers", twin-engined fighters that specialized in attacking bombers, without being drawn away by the more numerous single-engined fighter top cover. During its first seven months in combat the 56th FG shot down 167 aircraft (more than the 4th and 78th FGs combined), and lost 33 of is own to all causes. Ten of its pilots had becomes aces, and two (Capt. Walker M. Mahurin and 1st Lt. Robert S. Johnson) were double-aces (10 kills).
1944 up to D-Day.
The longer range and agility of the P-51 Mustang resulted in the decision in January 1944 to give the Eighth Air Force priority in the acquisition of the Mustang. New P-51 units of the Ninth would be exchanged for P-47 groups earmarked for the Eighth, and all VIII Fighter Command Thunderbolt and P-38 Lightning groups would eventually be re-equipped with the Mustang. The sole exception to this change was the 56th Fighter Group, which decided to retain its P-47s for the duration.
On 11 January the 56th flew its first double-group mission, protecting bombers flying to targets in central Germany. Dispatching 72 fighters, the force was divided into an "A Group" and a "B Group", both with three squadron formations, each squadron with 12 fighters. At the direction of Army Air Forces chief General Henry H. Arnold, with the objective of destroying the Luftwaffe where it could be found, the Eighth Air Force released its fighters to strafe targets of opportunity while returning to base after completion of their primary escort mission. The 56th FG attacked Juvincourt-et-Damary, France, on 11 February on its first ground attack against German airfields.
The 56th Fighter Group won a Distinguished Unit Citation for a series of missions flown between 20 February and 9 March 1944. The campaign opened with Operation Argument, better known as "the Big Week", a sustained attempt to destroy the Luftwaffe in the air while attacking aircraft factories with strategic bombing. It was also the first use by P-47s of 150-gallon drop tanks, which boosted flight endurance time on the Thunderbolt from 1 hour 50 minutes on internal fuel to over three hours using an auxiliary tank. At the same time the 56th was assigned a bomber escort sector in the vicinity of Osnabrück, and the combination resulted in the shooting down of 49 Luftwaffe fighters over four days. The last week of the campaign saw the first USAAF bomber attacks on Berlin, and the group destroyed 38 more fighters in the air. The 56th Fighter Group recorded its 350th kill on 16 March, having shot down 140 German aircraft in 12 missions.
The campaign also resulted in highly publicized speculation of which among the emerging P-47 and P-51 aces would break the U.S. World War I record of 26 destroyed by Captain Eddie Rickenbacker. Pilots of the 56th who became well-known figures included Hub Zemke, Bud Mahurin, Bob Johnson, Jerry Johnson, and Gabby Gabreski, with Bob Johnson being the first to break Rickenbacker's mark on 8 May (as a result of which he was immediately grounded from further combat). Mahurin and Jerry Johnson were both shot down on 27 March, with Johnson being captured. Although Mahurin successfully returned to Allied territory, his knowledge of the French Resistance ended his combat tour.
On 15 April 1944, Operation Jackpot was initiated by VIII Fighter Command, a planned series of strafing attacks against specific German airfields. The hazardous nature of the airfield attacks can be demonstrated by comparing them to the mission of 13 April (which marked the first anniversary of the 56th FG in combat) just two days prior. Escorting bombers that day, VIII Fighter Command's 676 Lightnings, Mustangs, and Thunderbolts achieved 18 air-to-air kills against just 6 losses, while the airfield strafing mission had losses of 33 of the 616 fighters involved.
The Eighth Air Force needed Halesworth for a new B-24 Liberator group, and sent the 56th to RAF Boxted on 18 April, a base the 354th FG had just vacated, moving to southern England in preparation for the invasion of France. At the same time, a significant number of original 56th Group pilots reached the 200-hour limit that constituted completion of a fighter tour. At least 13 elected to continue with the 56th on a tour extension and were granted an immediate 30-day leave in the United States before continuing in combat. Although several second tour pilots were later killed, most survived to provide a sizable core of experienced leadership that enabled the 56th to maintain its position as the leading air-to-air combat fighter group.
The emergence of the P-51 as the long-range escort fighter of choice in the Eighth Air Force sharply reduced combat contacts for the P-47 groups, including the 56th. After splitting almost 550 victories with the P-47s in the Big Week-Berlin campaign, the five veteran groups of Mustangs totally dominated air-to-air combat in April, their 310 kills outscoring the Thunderbolts 6 to 1. Kills for the 56th FG dropped from 85 in March to just 18 in April. The situation was aggravated by the completion of tours of its veteran pilots, but was partially rectified by the recruitment of volunteer bomber pilots who had completed tours and by the invitation to six pilots of the Polish Air Force, serving with the RAF, to join Gabreski's 61st FS.
In a search for ways of increasing its air-to-air effectiveness, Col. Zemke devised a tactic later dubbed the "Zemke fan" to enhance the flexibility of escorts. Instead of flying close escort with the bombers, his concept called for the group to rendezvous at an easily found landmark in its escort zone, from which it would break up into individual flights and fan out in a 180° arc, maintaining contact to respond to attacks on the bomber stream.
On 12 May, the "Zemke fan" was tried for the first time and proved successful in initiating contacts. Although the engagements resulted in 18 kills for the 56th FG, both of Zemke's wingmen were shot down by Luftwaffe ace Major Gunther Rall of JG 11 (who was then shot down by 56th ace Joe Powers and his wingman) while Zemke's flight was still badly outnumbered. Zemke modified the tactic to fan out squadrons rather than flights. The tactic was later modified and adopted by other fighter groups.
The battle on 12 May was also notable in that 1st Lt. Robert J. Rankin, responding to Zemke's call for help, shot down five German fighters during the action, becoming the group's first "Ace in a day". The feat was repeated on 7 July by Capt. Fred J. Christensen, on 23 December by Col. David C. Schilling, and on 14 January 1945, by Capt. Felix D. Williamson.
The modified tactics were put into effect on an escort mission the morning of 22 May, when the 61st FS attacked a large number of Fw 190s of JG 11 over Höperhöfen airfield near Rotenburg an der Wümme and shot down 11 without loss. (meant here is Rotenburg-Wümme airfield. There were at least two losses, C.B. Nale,HV-J near Süderwalsede and R. Heineman, HV-N, near Westerwalsede) In a second mission that afternoon, the 56th was part of a 4-group Thunderbolt raid against a railroad bridge at Hasselt, Belgium, dropping 500-pound bombs at varying altitudes and using level, glide-bombing, and dive-bombing tactics, trying to determine the most effective means of using the P-47 as a fighter-bomber.
Summer and autumn 1944.
On the evening of 5 June 1944, all the P-47s of the group had their fuselages and wings painted with distinctive "invasion stripes" (see Camouflage, unit markings, and radio call signs above). Beginning at 0400 on 6 June, the 56th FG flew 16 group missions in two days in support of the invasion of France at Normandy. 12 of the missions were as fighter-bombers interdicting German lines of communication, and the Thunderbolts were attacked by German fighters on 7 June while at low altitude, but retained air superiority by shooting down 12. Five P-47s were lost, all but one shot down by ground fire.
The invasion marked a change in mission priorities for the 56th FG. While the group continued to contribute to bomber escort missions, its primary tasks became ground attack, first in attacking roads and railways, then in supporting the advance of Allied armies after the breakout of 25 July. Strafing attacks in July cost the 56th FG two veteran squadron commanders and aces: Capt. Joe Egan was killed on 19 July and the next day Lt. Col. Gabby Gabreski was forced to crashland in Germany and became a prisoner of war. Gabreski had matched Johnson's 27 victories on 27 June, then exceeded it on 5 July to tie the USAAF Pacific Theater's top ace Major Richard Bong for most victories in the USAAF at 28 (Bong went to score 40).
Command of the 56th Fighter Group passed to Lt. Col. David C. Schilling on 12 August 1944, when Zemke accepted a transfer to command the novice 479th Fighter Group, whose commander had been shot down 10 August. Schilling had begun his second tour of operations at the end of July and had been group deputy commander since 19 August 1943. The ground attack missions of the 56th intensified as the group attacked Gelnhausen airfield on 5 September, destroying 78 aircraft and damaging 19, but losing four.
On 17 September the group along with the other remaining P-47 groups of VIII Fighter Command flew ground attack missions protecting the Allied airborne landings (Operation Market Garden) in Holland. The next day the 56th dispatched 39 fighters to attack antiaircraft positions in support of a resupply mission for the U.S. airborne divisions by B-24 bombers, for which the group was awarded its second Distinguished Unit Citation. Dueling flak sites near Oosterhout, Netherlands, despite a 500-foot (150 m) cloud ceiling and severe haze, the 56th lost 16 aircraft: 5 shot down over German-held territory, 9 crash-landed in Allied territory on the continent, and two crashed in England. Three of the 16 pilots were killed and 3 captured.
The 56th FG carried out other missions in conjunction with Operation Market Garden until 23 September. On 21 September, assigned a patrol sector between Deventer and Lochem to protect a resupply mission to Arnhem, the group attacked and destroyed 15 of a group of 22 Fw 190 aircraft. However, the 56th had been late arriving in its patrol area and had encountered the German fighters after they had already attacked RAF Stirlings of 38 Group, shooting down 15.
On 15 September, operational control of VIII Fighter Command's three fighter wings was placed directly under the headquarters of the bomb divisions, removing a layer of command, with a wing controlled by each division. After this date, the 56th Fighter Group's primary duty was protection of the B-24s of the 2nd Bomb Division based in East Anglia. On 1 November 1944, the 56th FG had its first encounter with Me 262 jets, resulting in a kill shared with another group.
During the Battle of the Bulge, the 56th FG engaged over 40 Luftwaffe fighters attempting to attack U.S. bombers supporting Allied ground forces on 23 December 1944. The 56th shot down 32 to become the first U.S. fighter group to be credited with more than 800 aircraft destroyed in both the air and starfing attacks, with group commander Schilling shooting down 5.
Final operations.
The end of 1944 saw the 56th become the sole remaining group of P-47 Thunderbolts in the Eighth Air Force, as the 353rd FG converted to Mustangs on 2 October, the 356th FG on 20 November, and the 78th FG on 29 December. Beginning 3 January 1945, the 56th began receiving the P-47M, built to be the fastest Allied piston-driven fighter. Externally identical to the P-47D bubbletops, the P-47M had an up-powered R-2800-57C engine and also incorporated all the range-extending characteristics previously developed for the P-47, particularly use of a 215-gallon belly drop tank.
The 61st Fighter Squadron received the first P-47M-1-REs and immediately began encountering engine problems. Multiple engine failures, including two crash-landings, resulted in the grounding of the Ms on 26 February. Technical problems were believed resolved with the identification of brittle ignition harnesses (as experienced in the P-47C two years before) and the final D-model left the group on 1 March. On 4 March operations resumed, but four crashes in five days, three of them fatal, again led to grounding of the aircraft on 16 March. A dozen P-51B Mustangs were brought to Boxted in case rapid conversion to the P-51 became necessary, but the new problem of engine failure and oil tank rupture was traced to salt-water corrosion in the shipment of new engines overseas. By 24 March every engine and ignition harness on all the Ms had been replaced and the entire group was equipped with the new model, eventually receiving all 130 production P-47Ms.
The advent of the German jet threat and the belief by Allied intelligence that it used low grade (high flash point) fuels that resisted ignition by .50-caliber strikes led to the development of new ammunition for American fighters. The experimental round, called the T48, used a concentrated incendiary compound and had a muzzle velocity of 3400 feet (1036 m) per second, which was 20% greater than existing ammunition. The 56th FG was chosen to test the new ammunition in February 1945 but the teething problems of the P-47M postponed the tests until the mechanical problems were resolved. In April the 56th began airfield strafing attacks using the T-48 round, culminating in an attack on Eggebek airfield, in which the T48 was used extensively.
Colonel Schilling's extended tour ended 27 January and command of the group passed to Lt. Col. Lucian A. Dade, who had been one of the group's original pilots as a second lieutenant and had served as squadron commander, operations officer, and deputy commander of the group. During his duty as operations officer, "Pete" Dade had been forbidden to fly combat missions by Zemke and was still on his first combat tour after two years in theater. This led to some distrust of his ability as an aggressive leader among the pilots, although as one historian noted, Zemke and Schilling were "hard acts to follow". Despite this Dade led 49 fighters to Eggebek on 13 April, locating 150 to 200 aircraft parked on the field and two nearby satellite strips.
Employing the 62nd FS at as top cover, the 61st FS orbitted at while the 63rd FS dove on the field, its first pass to suppress ground fire, and then completed 140 individual passes on the fields, claiming 44 destroyed. The 61st then attacked, making 94 passes and claiming 25 destroyed, followed by the 62nd, making 105 and claiming 26. One Thunderbolt (P-47M 44-21134 UN: P, "Teacher's Pet", 1st Lt. William R. Hoffman, 63rd FS) was shot down and the pilot killed when his parachute did not open in time. The totals for the day were 339 passes, 95 aircraft destroyed and another 95 damaged, and more than 78,000 rounds of ammunition expended. 2nd Lt. Randall Murphy of the 63rd FS, using T48 ammunition, was credited after a review of his gun camera film with 10 planes destroyed, the high mark for the group.
On 16 April, during another strafing mission, the final P-47 of the 56th FG went down (P-47M 44-21230, LM: A, Capt. Edward W. Appel, 62nd FS) but its pilot successfully returned to Allied lines, and on 21 April the group flew its final combat mission. Freeman's statistical summary lists 447 group missions; 19,391 sorties; 64,302 hours of combat flight time; 128 P-47s shot down (85 by ground fire); 44 P-47s destroyed in ETO accidents; 18 pilots awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (Col. Schilling twice); and 28 awards of the Silver Star. Three of the original group pilots—Dade, deputy commander and subsequent group commander Lt. Col. Donald D. Renwick, and operations officer Major James R. Carter—were assigned to the group at the end of the war.
Aerial victory claims.
Capt. Walter V. Cook C, 62d Fighter Squadron, flying P-47C 41-6343 (LM-W "Little Cookie"), claimed the first aerial victory by a 56th pilot on 12 June 1943, over Blankenberghe, Belgium, downing an Fw 190. The group's final victory was an Me-262 of JG 7 shot down on 10 April 1945, by 2d Lt. Walter J. Sharbo, also of the 62d Fighter Squadron, in P-47M 44-21237 (LM-C "Marion – North Dakota Kid"), near Wittstock, Germany.
The 56th Fighter Group had 677½ claims credited by the Eighth Air Force for German aircraft destroyed in air-to-air combat. "U.S. Air Force Historical Study No. 85" recognizes 674.5 aerial victories for the 56th. This total is the second highest among USAAF fighter groups in the ETO (behind the 354th Group with 701), the highest among all Eighth Air Force groups, and the highest among all P-47 groups of the USAAF. Eighth Air Force also credited the 357th Fighter Group with 311 German aircraft destroyed on the ground, making an overall total of 976.5, which is second among all Eighth Air Force fighter groups.
Of the air-to-air totals, 4.5 were Me-262 jets. 2d Lt. Walter Groce of the 63d FS shared a credit on 1 November 1944, with a P-51 pilot of the 352d FG for one of the first Me 262 jets shot down. P-47Ms accounted for four: Maj. George Bostwick and 2d Lt. Edwin M. Crosthwait, 63d FS on 25 March 1945, over Parchim; Capt. John Fahringer, 63rd FS, on 5 April; and Sharbo on 10 April. Two AR 234 jet bombers were claimed 14 March 1945, by the 62d FS, 1st Lt. Norman D. Gould shooting down one and the other shared by 1st Lt. Sandford N. Ball and 1st Lt. Warren S. Lear.
Among the various units of the 56th, the 61st Fighter Squadron had the most victories, 232 shot down by 68 pilots. The 62d Fighter Squadron was credited with 219.5 kills by 79 pilots, the 63d Fighter Squadron with 174.25 kills by 64 pilots, and group headquarters with 39.75 kills by 4 pilots.
Aces of the 56th Fighter Group.
Counting only air-to-air victory claims registered while with the group (therefore discounting air-to-ground claims), the 56th produced 39 aces, the second-most of any ETO fighter group (the 354th Fighter Group of the Ninth Air Force and the 357th Fighter Group, flying P-51s, each had 42).
SOURCE: USAF Historical Study 85. Nickname source Little Friends website and Freeman, "56th Fighter Group"
¹Totals include one Me 262 jet shot down
Postwar history.
Air Defense Command.
With the end of hostilities, the unit's aircraft went to depots in September 1945. The unit transferred stateside on 11 October 1945 on the Queen Mary, arriving at New York, 16 October 1945 and was inactivated 18 October 1945 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey.
The Group was reactivated on 1 May 1946 as a Strategic Air Command fighter group, being assigned to Fifteenth Air Force at Selfridge Field, Michigan, equipped with P-47 and North American P-51 Mustang fighters until the unit was re-equipped with Lockheed P-80 Shooting Stars in 1947. The group trained to maintain proficiency as a mobile strike force including the bomber escort mission until transferred from Strategic Air Command to Continental Air Command on 1 December 1948.
On 15 August 1947, the 56th Fighter Wing was activated under the Wing-Base (Hobson Plan) reorganization, and the 56th Fighter Group was assigned to the wing as a subordinate unit. The group added an air defense mission in the north central US in April 1949, which continued through February 1952 after the wing's subsequent assignment to Air Defense Command (ADC). It was redesignated 56th Fighter-Interceptor Group on 20 January 1950. As ADC dispersed its squadrons to improve air defense coverage, the 62d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (FIS) deployed to O'Hare International Airport (IAP), Illinois in August 1950 and the 63d FIS moved to Oscoda AFB, Michigan in January 1951.
The group's responsibility grew in May 1951 when the 176th FIS of the Michigan Air National Guard, flying F-51 Mustangs was federalized at Kellogg Field in response to the Korean War and was attached to the group. The 176th FIS moved to Selfridge six days after being federalized. In late July the 136 FIS of the New York Air National Guard at Niagara Falls Municipal Airport, was also federalized and attached to the group. The 176th was flying F-47 Thunderbolts when federalized, reuniting the group with the plane it flew during World War II.
The group was inactivated along with the 56th Fighter-Interceptor Wing on 6 February 1952, as ADC converted its fighter force into a series of regional Air Defense Wings. This major reorganization of ADC responded to ADC's difficulty under the Wing/Base organizational structure in deploying fighter interceptor squadrons to best advantage. The group's squadrons were transferred to the 4708th Defense Wing at Selfridge and the 4706th Defense Wing at O'Hare IAP, which had been activated five days earlier.
The group was redesignated the 56th Fighter Group (Air Defense) and replaced the 501st Air Defense Group at O'Hare IAP on 18 August 1955, assuming the 501st's air defense mission and operation of USAF base facilities at O'Hare as part of ADC's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. It was assigned several support organizations to fulfill these responsibilities. The 62d FIS, which was already stationed at O'Hare, and the 63d FIS, which moved from Michigan on paper to replace the 501st's 42d FIS were assigned to the group. Both squadrons were equipped with airborne intercept radar equipped and HVAR rocket armed North American F-86D Sabre aircraft. The 62d FIS converted to Sabres with data link for interception control through the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment system in late 1956 and was followed by the 63d FIS in 1957. In January 1958, the group was reduced to a single operational squadron when the 63d FIS was inactivated.
The 62d FIS moved to K. I. Sawyer AFB, Michigan on 1 August 1959. Although it remained assigned to the group, it was attached to 473d Fighter Group until 1 October 1959 when the group moved to K.I. Sawyer on paper and absorbed the resources of the 473d. In November, the 62d converted to the supersonic McDonnell F-101 Voodoo, armed with GAR-1 and GAR-2 Falcon missiles. The group was discontinued and its support units reassigned on 1 February 1961 as the group was replaced at K.I. Sawyer by the 56th Fighter Wing. Its 62d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron remained active flying Voodoos at K.I. Sawyer until 1969.
During the Vietnam War, the parent 56th Air Commando Wing (later 56th Special Operations Wing) carried out unconventional warfare missions over various areas of Southeast Asia (Vietnam until mid-January 1973, Cambodia until 22 February, Laos until 15 August), although the group remained inactive. While still inactive the group was redesignated 56th Tactical Fighter Group on 31 July 1985.
56th Operations Group.
The group was redesignated and activated in on 1 November 1991 as the 56th Operations Group and assigned to the 56th Fighter Wing at MacDill AFB, Florida. The 56th OG was the operational component of the wing under the new "Objective Wing" concept adapted by the Air Force. It conducted F-16 transition training at MacDill until mid-1993, phasing down its operations until inactivated 4 January 1994 with the phaseout of fighter operations at MacDill.
The 56th was subsequently reactivated at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, on 1 April 1994, where it replaced on paper the inactivating 58th Operations Group. It has provided F-16 training operations since and also conducted F-15E Strike Eagle combat crew training for a period between April 1994 and March 1995.
See also.
503d Air Service Group Support organization at Selfridge prior to Wing/Base organization
References.
Bibliography.
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="20849120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849120" title="Snakes and Ladders (Reemer album)">
Snakes and Ladders (Reemer album)

Snakes and Ladders is Reemer's first album, released in 2008.
Two singles from the album have been released: "Maniac" and "Rockstar".

</doc>
<doc id="20849122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849122" title="2009 Gulf Cup of Nations squads">
2009 Gulf Cup of Nations squads

This article lists the confirmed national football squads for the 2009 Gulf Cup of Nations tournament held in Oman between January 4 and January 17, 2009. 
"Caps, goals and ages as of 3 January 2008."
Group A.
Head coach: 
Head coach: Jorvan Vieira
Head coach: 
Head coach: Claude Le Roy
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Goalkeepers
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Defenders
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Midfielders
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Strikers
Group B.
Head coach: Bruno Metsu
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Goalkeepers
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Defenders
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Midfielders
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Strikers
Head coach: 
Head coach: 
Head coach: 

</doc>
<doc id="20849210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849210" title="Mid-South Sociological Association">
Mid-South Sociological Association

The Mid-South Sociological Association (MSSA) is a non-profit professional organization of sociologists and social scientists established in 1976 to promote the study and understanding of sociological and related issues and problems. Professional interests include crime, aging, deviance, demography, environment, family, education, race and ethnic relations, religion, global and community development, occupations, health, inequal8ity, gender, corrections, community, political economy, science and technology, urban/rural, law, ecology, and others. Its first president was Julian B. Roebuck, professor of sociology at Mississippi State University. The MSSA holds annual meetings in late October in locations around the Mid-South region. Recently scheduled locations have included Atlanta, Georgia (2013), Lafayette, Louisiana (2009), Huntsville, Alabama (2008), Mobile, Alabama (2007), Lafayette, Louisiana (2006), Atlanta, Georgia (2005), and Biloxi, Mississippi (2004).
At its annual meeting, the MSSA holds sessions for the presentations of professional papers, roundtable discussions of current social issues, and hosts speakers. The organization also has a banquet, usually on Thursday evenings, at which the current president gives a talk and officers give out awards. These awards include the Stanford M. Lyman Memorial Scholarship, given each year to a worthy doctoral student completing a dissertation; the Graduate Student Distinguished Paper Award, given to the best graduate student paper delivered at the meeting; the Undergraduate Paper Award, given to the best undergraduate paper delivered at the meeting; the "Sociological Spectrum" Outstanding Article Award, given to the best article published that year in the journal "Sociological Spectrum"; and the Stanford M. Lyman Distinguished Book Award, given to an outstanding book authored by a member of the organization in the previous three years.
The main publication of the MSSA is its official journal Sociological Spectrum, a refereed interdisciplinary social science journal that publishes theoretical, methodological, quantitative and qualitative substantive research, and applied research articles in the areas of sociology, social psychology, anthropology, and political science. Sociological Spectrum is published six times every year by the Taylor and Francis Group.
References.
Mid-South Sociological Association website
Sociological Spectrum website

</doc>
<doc id="20849216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849216" title="Ottovale coke works">
Ottovale coke works

Ottovale coke works was a large industrial complex situated at Blaydon Burn, near Blaydon-on-Tyne, Gateshead, North East England. The complex comprised a coke works, tar works and a power station. Built on the site of Dockendale Hall in 1904, it was operated by the Priestman Collieries until the 1970s.
The power station at the plant, known as Blaydon Burn Power Station or the Priestman Power Station was fuelled by waste heat from the coking process. In the 1910s, a number of advancements in steam turbine technology were first implemented at the station.
History.
In 1853 a shaft was sunk for the Blaydon Main coal seam at Blaydon Burn, and in 1902 a coke works was set up on the site of the nearby Dockendale Hall. This was operated by the Priestman Power Company, producing coke using 80 coke ovens, made by the Otto-Hilgenstock company of Germany.
By the 1950s, 90 ovens were operating at the plant. In 1958, one battery, equating to about half of the plant's ovens, were shut down along with ovens at Shotton Colliery and Whinfield coke works. This affected the employment of 150 men, as many of whom the National Coal Board and the union tried to find alternative employment for. The closures were due to a reorganisation of the industry by the board. At this point the works at Ottovale were one of the oldest coking plants in the Durham coalfield.
Power station.
The power station was constructed in 1904 to utilise waste heat produced by the coke ovens. The heat was piped from the coke ovens to under four land-type Babcock and Wilcox boilers, each with 500 HP capacity. The boilers supplied steam for two 275 kilowatt (kW) Parsons three phase turbo alternators. At the time of opening, this generating equipment was of the latest and best design. The alternators produced a current of 6,000 volts. The electricity generated by the station was initially used as a power supply for the coal mine, but the Priestman Power Company was bought by the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company in 1914, meaning the electricity was also used to power the rest of the county, using the County Durham distribution system.
Feed water for the boilers was taken from the Blaydon Burn, upon which the station was built. However, there wasn't a sufficient amount of water available for condensing purposes as well, and so the condensing water needed to be used over and over again. This necessitated the construction of a cooling tower and reservoir.
The station's boiler house and turbine hall were of a steel framed construction, with corrugated iron cladding. The advantage of this type of construction is that if the coke ovens were to be abandoned, the station could be deconstructed and re-erected somewhere else at a minimal cost.
In 1916, the station's generating equipment was replaced by a 3,000 kW Parsons generating set. This was the first generating set in the world to use reheated steam between stages in its turbines, and to progressively heat feed-water using partially expanded steam. In 1919 the station was further modified, becoming the first station in the world to use an enclosed ventilating circuit for the alternator with a gilled-tube cooler for extracting the heat from the ventilating air, which overcame problems caused by dust and moisture getting into the windings. When the UK's national grid distribution system was brought into use in 1932, the station was one of a small number of stations in the region to be converted from the 40 hertz (Hz) frequency used by the North Eastern grid system to the 50 Hz frequency used by the national system. The station ceased operating in 1959. Reclamation of the coke works began in the 1970s and the area has now been returned to grassland. An electrical substation still stands near the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20849220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849220" title="Ethiopian pegasus">
Ethiopian pegasus

Ethiopian Pegasus is an animal from Medieval bestiaries. According to Pliny the Elder, they were a breed of two-horned, winged horses from Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20849222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849222" title="NER Class O">
NER Class O

The NER Class O (LNER Class G5) was a class of 0-4-4T steam locomotives of the North Eastern Railway, designed by the company's Chief Engineer, Wilson Worsdell. They all survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 and their BR numbers were 67240-67349. They were withdrawn between 1950 and 1958.
Preservation.
None of the G5s was preserved, although a new build is in the works at Darlington. Despite other locomotive project being classified as "New Builds", this one is destined to be a replica of original class member No. 1759.

</doc>
<doc id="20849224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849224" title="Christine Whelan">
Christine Whelan

Christine Barrett Whelan (born July 5, 1977) is an author, journalist and commentator. She is the author of two books about marriage, and a forthcoming book of self-help for young-adults. She is a visiting assistant professor of Sociology at the University of Pittsburgh.
Early life.
Whelan was born in New York City to attorney Stephen T. Whelan and Dr. Elizabeth M. Whelan, an author and public health specialist.
At eight years old, Whelan was the moderator for "No Kidding", a nationally syndicated health talk show for kids, by kids, produced by the American Council on Science and Health.
Education.
Whelan earned her undergraduate degree from Princeton University, graduating "magna cum laude" with a degree in Politics. Whelan subsequently was awarded the 1999 Daniel M. Sachs scholarship and studied Economic and Social History at the University of Oxford, from which she earned her masters and doctorate.
Whelan has held teaching positions in the Sociology department at the University of Iowa and in the Sociology and Politics departments at Princeton University. In 2009 she accepted a position with the Sociology department at the University of Pittsburgh.
Journalism.
As an undergraduate, Whelan was editor-in-chief of "The Daily Princetonian". From 1997 through 2000, she interned at the "Wall Street Journal" in New York and Washington bureaus and in 2000 interned at the "Washington Post". In 2008, Whelan was awarded a Templeton-Cambridge Journalism Fellowship.
Whelan's writing has appeared in the "Wall Street Journal", "New York Times", "USA Today", "National Review Online" and the "Washington Post", among other publications. She also writes a bi-weekly relationship advice column for "Busted Halo" and contributes occasional pieces to "The Huffington Post".
Publishing.
Whelan's first book, "Why Smart Men Marry Smart Women", was published by Simon & Schuster in October 2006. In the book, Whelan coined the term SWANS, which stands for Strong Women Achievers, No Spouse.
Intended in part as a response to Maureen Dowd's 2005 book "Are Men Necessary? When Sexes Collide", Whelan presented evidence contrary to the belief that an elite education and high income among women correlate with lower marriage rates. Using Census Bureau statistics, a commissioned poll of 3,700 men and women ages 25 to 40 and personal interviews, Whelan showed that while the stereotype was valid among previous generations, today a higher income and education in fact increases a woman's marriage chances, and that high-achieving women simply marry later in life.
Prior to conducting the research, Whelan originally intended for the book to be a pessimistic take on the marriage prospects of professional women, drawn from popular studies and personal experience. The book was initially conceived with the title "Overqualified for Love".
Whelan's second book, "Marry Smart: The Intelligent Woman's Guide to True Love", was published by Simon & Schuster on December 30, 2008. Whelan's third book, "Generation WTF: From “What the #%$&” to a Wise, Tenacious, and Fearless You", will be published by Templeton Press in February 2011.
Public appearances.
Whelan has frequently appeared as an expert commentator on television news programs, including "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer", "Good Morning America", and on national radio programs, including Iowa Public Radio. Whelan is a frequent featured speaker at public events and academic conferences.
Personal.
Whelan is married to Peter Moyers, an attorney and former editor of the Princeton "Nassau Weekly". They live and work in Pittsburgh, PA with their cats, Chairman Meow and Evita Purrron.

</doc>
<doc id="20849225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849225" title="Columbian Sharp-tailed Grouse">
Columbian Sharp-tailed Grouse

The Columbian Sharp-tailed Grouse ("Tympanuchus phasianellus columbianus") is a subspecies of Sharp-tailed Grouse native to the Western United States and British Columbia.
Description.
Out of the seven subspecies of Sharp-tailed Grouse, the Columbian is the smallest at 15–20 inches (38–51 cm) in length. They have plumage with a base of grayish-brown, white and black markings, and a white wedge-shaped tail. Males have a longer tail, a purple throat patch and a yellow comb over the eye.
Distribution and habitat.
Its historical range extended from British Columbia south through eastern Washington and Oregon to Northeastern California, Nevada, and Utah, and then west to the Continental Divide. It inhabits sagebrush-bunchgrass prairies, meadow-steppe, mountain shrub, and riparian zones. It was first described by the Lewis and Clark expedition, and was named by George Ord.
Status and conservation.
Due to excessivehabitat loss, it is no longer present in the majority of its range, and exists only in isolated remnant populations that comprise less than ten percent of its original habitat. These populations are sequestered in central British Columbia, southeastern Idaho and northern Utah, and northwestern Colorado and south-central Wyoming. It was extirpated entirely from Oregon by the 1960s, but was reintroduced in Wallowa County beginning in 1991; a small population of the birds now persists in the Leap Area of Zumwalt Prairie.
The Columbian Sharp-tailed Grouse was petitioned to be listed as Threatened under the Endangered Species Act twice, but was denied in both cases. It is currently considered a Species of Concern in several U.S. states.

</doc>
<doc id="20849236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849236" title="Tanzil Haider Usmani">
Tanzil Haider Usmani

Dr. Tanzil Haider Usmani is a Pakistani chemist and a former additional chairman of the Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (PCSIR). A research scientist in the field of chemistry, Usmani had made original contribution in the field of chemistry and has been associated with Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research since his college years. He has also served as the Director General of Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research Karachi Laboratories, he has assumed this position since 2004 to 2010.
Early life.
Born in 1949 in Rawalpindi Pakistan to Mehmood-ul-Hassan Usmani and Raheela Usmani, Tanzil attended early school in the garrison city and later attended Punjab University Lahore where he completed his B.Sc, M.Sc from Punjab University, and a Ph.D in Chemistry, writing his thesis on "Preparation and Characterization of Activated Carbon from Rice Husk, Acacia Arabia, and Low Rank Coal", under the supervision of Dr. Fasihulla, from the Applied Chemistry Department (ACD) at the Karachi University in 2001. He completed and carried out his research at the Hussain Ebrahim Jamal Research Institute of Chemistry, and the Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research. After his doctorate in chemistry, he joined PCSIR upon his uncle's advice.
PCSIR.
In 2001, while working with PCSIR, Tanzil submitted his thesis (Preparation and Characterization of Activated Carbon from Rice Husk, Acacia Arabica and Low Rank Coals) for Doctorate in Philosophy from University of Karachi and garnered praise all over. His name was entered in Marques Who's Who for his contributions to Science and Engineering. Following this in 2004, Dr. Tanzil Haider Usmani was promoted to the rank of Director General, Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, Karachi Laboratories and later to the additional chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="20849237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849237" title="Yemen national futsal team">
Yemen national futsal team

The Yemen national futsal team represents Yemen in international futsal competitions 
Matches.
Here are all the matches of Yemen national futsal team

</doc>
<doc id="20849282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849282" title="Rico Hoye">
Rico Hoye

Rico Hoye is an American professional boxer who current competes in the heavyweight division. He resides Phoenix, Arizona, and is a former number one ranked light heavyweight contender (IBF) and a former world title challenger in the light heavyweight division. Hoye was a Cruiserweight division contestant in the fourth season of the Contender, boxing four bouts of five rounds each in televised contests, winning three.
Early professional career.
Hoye was raised in Monroe, Michigan and Detroit, Michigan. His father, Bobby Hoye (1951-1996) was a profssional super middleweight contender. Rico was raised by his grandfather Robert Hoye (1930-1999) a United States Army and Golden Gloves middleweight boxer.
Hoye made his professional debut in June 2001 with a third round stoppage of Omar Pucci in Michigan. Over the next two years, Hoye scored twelve consecutive wins. He won the vacant IBA Continental Light Heavyweight title by decisioning Prince Badi Ajamu over 12 rounds in June 2003.
Defenses and challenges.
Hoye made three defenses of his IBA regional title. He defeated Etienne Whitaker in October 2003, Donnell Wiggins in March 2004, and Montell Griffin in September 2004 in a bout which was also an International Boxing Federation eliminator for a world title shot.
In March 2005, the 18-0 Hoye traveled to England to challenge Clinton Woods for the vacant IBF title, losing on a fifth round technical knockout. In May 2007, Hoye challenged unbeaten Romanian boxer Adrian Diaconu for the WBC International light heavyweight title, an eliminator for the full WBC world title, and lost when the fight was stopped in the 3rd round.
Contender.
In late 2008, Hoye moved up to the cruiserweight division to compete in the fourth season of the boxing reality show, The Contender. 
Hoye defeated Mike Alexander and Joell Godfrey by decision in separate five round bouts. In the semifinal, Hoye lost by unanimous decision to Ehinomen Ehikhamenor of Nigeria. In February 2009, Hoye defeated Akinyemi Laleye by unanimous decision to win third place in the televised competition, his fourth and final televised five round bout.
Return from retirement.
Hoye, who lived in Los Angeles and then Phoenix, Arizona, with his wife and children, operated a boxing and fitness gym in Phoenix during his four years of inactivity, working with clients on physical conditioning, including training such professional athletes as baseball player Troy O'Leary and football running back Marcel Shipp.
Hoye will return to the ring on July 26, 2013, at Cicero Stadium in Cicero, Illinois in an eight round heavyweight bout against former Olympian Dante Craig in a CFC promotions promoted event. 

</doc>
<doc id="20849284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849284" title="Bill Johnson (running back)">
Bill Johnson (running back)

William Thomas Johnson (born October 31, 1960 in Poughkeepsie, New York) is a former professional American football player from 1984 to 1987 in both the USFL and the NFL.
Primarily a running back, Johnson played college football at Arkansas State University, lettering in 1979, 1980 and 1982. Following his collegiate career, he was drafted by the Denver Gold in the 17th round in the 1984 USFL Draft. 
Johnson played two years with the Gold. In his first season, he rushed the ball 36 times for 126 yards and two touchdowns (and another touchdown receiving). In the Gold's final season, he finished 1985 as the 3rd highest rusher in the league with 1261 yards and 15 touchdowns. He also caught 29 passes for 337 yards and another touchdown.
Johnson was selected by the NFL's Cincinnati Bengals in the second round (38th pick) of the 1984 NFL Supplemental Draft of USFL players. After the USFL folded, Johnson joined the Bengals, where he played from 1985-1987. During his NFL career, he amassed 475 yards on 85 carries and scored one touchdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20849289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849289" title="Hurricane Beta">
Hurricane Beta

Hurricane Beta was a compact, but intense tropical cyclone that impacted the southwestern Caribbean Sea in late October 2005. Beta was the twenty-fourth tropical or subtropical storm, fourteenth hurricane, and seventh and final major hurricane of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. On October 21, a developing tropical wave entered the eastern Caribbean Sea and spawned Tropical Storm Alpha the following day. As the wave entered the southwestern Caribbean, convection redeveloped and on October 26, the system spawned another low pressure area which developed into Tropical Depression Twenty-six. The depression intensified into a tropical storm the next morning and was named Beta. By the morning of October 28, the storm intensified into a hurricane, the fourteenth of the season. Beta underwent rapid intensification for several hours to attain its peak intensity with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h) on October 30. The storm began to deteriorate before landfall, weakening to Category 2 status as it crossed the Nicaraguan coastline. Rapid weakening followed landfall, and the storm dissipated early the next morning.
Due to the storm's proximity to Central America, several countries were placed on alert and began allocating supplies for a potential disaster. Several hurricane watches and warnings were raised for the small Colombian island of Providencia as well as the Nicaragua and Honduras coastlines. An estimated 150,000 people were evacuated from dangerous regions in Nicaragua and more than 125,000 more were evacuated in Honduras.
As a tropical storm, Beta produced heavy rains over northern Panama, amounting up to 3 inches (76 mm), which caused several mudslides as well as three fatalities. On October 29, the storm passed over Providencia Island, caused significant damage to structures, and injured 30 people. In Honduras and Nicaragua, over 1,000 structures were damaged by the storm, hundreds of which were destroyed. Ten people were initially feared dead after their boat went adrift during the storm. However, a Panamanian vessel rescued the men after drifting in the water for several hours. Rains in Honduras totaled to 21.82 in (554 mm) and 6.39 in (162 mm) in Nicaragua. Six people were killed in Nicaragua as a result of the storm and the cost to repair damages exceeded 300 million córdoba ($14.5 million USD). Overall, Beta was responsible for nine fatalities and more than $15.5 million in damage across four countries.
Meteorological history.
On October 21, a westward-moving tropical wave entered the Caribbean Sea. The wave quickly developed organized convection, indicating that a possible low pressure area had developed along the wave. Continued development led to the formation of Tropical Depression Twenty-Five (which would later be named Alpha). The wave continued to move towards the west, producing minimal shower and thunderstorm activity. Once in the southwestern Caribbean, the wave slowed, and convection gradually redeveloped on October 25. The next day, with continued organization, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) stated that a tropical depression could develop in the following day or two. At around 18:00 UTC, the NHC determined that Tropical Depression Twenty-Six had developed about 105 miles (170 km) north of the central cost of Panama.
Located within an area of weak vertical wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures, the depression intensified. By 06:00 UTC the next morning, the depression was upgraded to a tropical storm and given the name "Beta" by the NHC. Beta was slowly moving towards the north-northwest in response to a mid-tropospheric shortwave trough over the Gulf of Mexico and mid-tropospheric ridge to the northeast of the storm. Deep convection developed near the center of circulation, signifying a developing system. With favorable conditions for development, Beta was forecast to intensify into a hurricane before making landfall in central Nicaragua. An eyewall rapidly developed around the center of circulation, fuelling further intensification. With the formation of an eyewall and the compact size of the storm, rapid intensification was anticipated. By the end of October 27, maximum sustained winds around the center of Beta were estimated at 60 mph (95 km/h). An increase in wind shear caused a minor disruption of the storm's structure, briefly preventing strengthening.
After maintaining its intensity for 30 hours, the shear weakened, and Beta began to intensify again. Around 00:00 UTC on October 29, the storm passed near Providencia Island with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h), just below hurricane-status. At this time, the cyclone began to turn towards the west. Beta intensified into a hurricane several hours later, with winds of 80 mph (140 km/h), as an eye became pronounced on infrared satellite images. Located south of a weakness within the subtropical ridge, the hurricane's motion slowed to a westward drift. With the formation of an eye, the chances of rapid intensification reached 62%, and the storm could possibly become a major hurricane—a hurricane with winds of 111 mph (178 km/h) or higher—before landfall. Beta continued to intensify as convection deepened around the wide eye, strengthening into a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 105 mph (170 km/h).
After undergoing a brief period of rapid intensification from 18:00 UTC on October 29 – 06:00 UTC on October 30, the hurricane reached its peak intensity as a Category 3 hurricane with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 962 mbar (hPa; 28.42 inHg). The storm also began to turn towards the south-southwest as it reached its peak intensity and its maximum size, with tropical storm-force winds extending out 60 mi (95 km) from the center. However, as it neared the coast, cloud tops around the eye began to warm, signifying weakening. Around 12:00 UTC on October 30, Beta made landfall in central Nicaragua near La Barra del Rio Grande with winds of 105 mph (170 km/h). After making landfall, the hurricane weakened to a tropical storm, with winds decreasing to 65 mph (100 km/h), as the structure of the storm began to deteriorate. Early on October 31, Beta weakened to a tropical depression and dissipated a few hours later over the mountains of central Nicaragua.
Preparations.
Panama, Costa Rica and El Salvador.
Although Panama and Costa Rica were not in the direct path of Hurricane Beta, storm warnings were issued for the two countries on October 27 as heavy rains, up to 20 in (508 mm), from the outer bands of Beta were possible. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Panama alerted officials in Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, El Salvador and Guatemala about the possible impacts from Beta. Civil defence officials in El Salvador declared a pre-emptive alert due to the possibility of rain-triggered mudslides from the outer bands of Beta.
Colombia.
Early on the morning of October 27 the Colombian Government issued a tropical storm warning for the islands of San Andrés and Providencia. Hours later, a hurricane watch was issued. By late morning, both advisories were replaced by a hurricane warning. The island did not have much time to prepare for Hurricane Beta, being struck only three days after its formation. Of its 5,000 residents all stayed to weather the storm but, about 300 of them evacuated wooden homes on the beach for sturdier brick shelters inland on the island's mountains. The neighbouring island of San Andrés initiated a moratorium on all outdoor activities as the storm's outer bands reached the island on October 29. Officials evacuated about 700 people, 500 tourists and 200 residents on San Andrés to temporary shelters. The Colombian Government provided 8 tons (7.2 tonnes) of food and emergency supplies, including 1,100 sheets, 300 hammocks, and 350 cooking kits to the island.
Nicaragua.
Immediately upon the storm's formation on October 26, the Government of Nicaragua issued a tropical storm warning for its entire eastern coast. The next day the tropical storm warning was supplemented by a hurricane watch. On October 29, Nicaraguan President Enrique Bolaños declared a maximum "red alert" for the country's eastern coast. Despite the governments efforts, only 10,000 people were evacuated from the Caribbean-side coast and the majority secured themselves in their homes. However, the national army reported that 150,000 people were evacuated prior to the storm's arrival. The government pre-positioned food, medicines, clothing, emergency supplies, and army rescue specialists in the most vulnerable areas to provide relief immediately after the storm passed. Classes were canceled in all of the country's schools and businesses experienced surging demand for hurricane supplies.
In the city of Puerto Cabezas, population 60,000, meteorologists expected a direct hit. Local authorities announced a curfew to prevent looting. The government also cut off electricity throughout the small coastal city to prevent injuries. Evacuations were limited, and the most vulnerable of the population weathered the storm in poorly constructed shelters. To be able to respond to an emergency following Beta, the government of Nicaragua requested relief supplies for 41,866 families which would last 15 days. These supplies consisted of 98,000 lbs (44,452 kg) of cereals, 628,600 lbs (285,128 kg) of beans, 628,600 lbs (285,128 kg) of corn, 125,7200 lbs (57,025 kg) of rice, 44,500 lbs (20,184 kg) of sugar, 171,600 lbs (77,836 kg) of salt, 4,929 gal (18,658 L) of cooking oil, 324,900 lbs (147,372 kg) of milk and 21,264 blankets.
Honduras.
On October 29, Honduras President Ricardo Maduro declared a State of National Emergency as Beta was forecast to bring heavy rains up to 12 in (300 mm). Three departments, Gracias a Dios, Colon, Olancho and El Paraiso, were placed under Red Alert and mandatory evacuations were put in place. The departments of Atlántida, Yoro, Comayagua, Francisco Morazán and Choluteca were placed under Yellow Alert and a Green Alert was in place for the rest of the country. The Local Emergency Management Agency opened its regional and municipal offices to conduct preparative activities. An emergency radio network was set up to alert the public of any emergencies. The government designated several public schools as shelters for the affected population. In the Francisco Morazán Department, the Tegucigalpa Municipal Emergency Committee opened 73 shelters. Extensive cleaning and garbage disposal was conducted, especially around creeks, rivers, and sewers. The National Armed Forces were placed in strategic areas and were on stand-by for search and rescue operations once the storm passed. About 3,306 tons (3,000 tonnes) of food was reported to be available and local travels in the country were suspended. In Tegucigalpa, the emergency committee called for the evacuation of 125,000 people from the most vulnerable areas of the capital. About 8,000 others were evacuated from 50 communities along the Nicaragua border due to the threat of flooding. A hurricane alert was put in place for areas north of the Nicaragua border but was cancelled on October 30 after Beta turned towards the southeast.
Impact.
Hurricane Beta was responsible for nine fatalities and roughly $15.5 million (2005 USD) in damage across four countries.
Panama.
Heavy rains for the outer bands of Hurricane Beta, amounting up to 3 in (76 mm), caused flooding and landslides in Panama. At least 256 people were affected by the storm and 52 homes were damaged; however, the cost of the damages is unknown. At least 50 hectares (124 acres) of rice fields were flooded across the country. One person, a young girl, was killed after the boat she was on sank amid rough seas. Both her parents escaped the sinking ship. Two other people drowned after being swept away by the swollen Chagres River and two others were reported missing.
Providencia Island.
Hurricane Beta reached Providencia Island, on October 29, 2005. Rainfall from the storm were estimated over 12 in (304 mm). Roofs were damaged all over the island, and the island's main communications tower was knocked over. A total of 1,660 homes were damaged by the storm throughout the island, leaving 1.4 million Colombian peso (2005 COP; $681 USD) in repair costs. This disrupted fixed-line telephone service and as the island has no cellular telephone service, it caused a total cessation of communication with the mainland. Beta's arrival on the island was accompanied by a seven-foot storm surge, which damaged beaches, coastal houses and roads, and washed out a tourist footbridge. Coral reefs around the island were, for the most part, untouched, as only 1 percent of the coral sustained minor damage. Minor effects were also found around areas of sea grass. Beaches all around the island lost an average of 9.8 ft (3 m) of sand due to erosion. Thirty people were injured and 913 families, a total of 3,074 people, were affected during Hurricane Beta's passage over the island.
Nicaragua.
Heavy rains from Hurricane Beta, amounting up to 6.39 in (162 mm), and strong winds caused extensive property damage in Nicaragua. Six people were confirmed to have been killed by Beta in Nicaragua, one of which was caused by a heart attack. It was initially feared that ten others, who were listed as missing, were killed when their vessel disappeared during the storm. But they were later rescued by a Panamanian vessel after drifting in the waters for several hours. Throughout the country, a total of 376 latrines, 215 homes, two schools, two community children centres, two community water tanks and five solar panels were destroyed. An additional 852 homes, 21 schools, and three health centres were damaged. The cost to repair damages caused by the hurricane were estimated at $2.1 million (2006 USD). A total of 2,668 people were left homeless as a result of the storm.
Two communities of Miskitos, with a total population of 3,200, were isolated during the storm. Nearly 80 percent of the homes in four communities along the Caribbean coast near Bluefields were destroyed by the storm. The strong winds from Beta levelled of forested land. Agricultural damage from the storm in Nicaragua amounted to 67 million córdoba ($4 million USD). Structural damage amounted to 35 million córdoba ($1.6 million USD). Damage to roadways throughout the country left over 20 million córdoba ($979,000 USD) in damages. Offshore, the damage to algae, mangroves, and other aquatic life was severe. Hundreds of dead fish washed up along the coastline in the days following Beta.
Honduras.
Torrential rains, peaking at 21.82 in (554 mm), caused numerous mudslides which isolated several communities. Widespread damage occurred to structures, with numerous roofs being torn off. Signs, trees, power poles, and telephone poles were knocked down due to the wind. Four rivers overflowed and communications were disrupted across areas near the Nicaragua border. An estimated 60,483 people were affected by the storm in the country. A total of 954 homes and 11 bridges were destroyed while another 237 homes, 30 roads, 30 bridges and 66 drinking water systems were damaged. A total of of farmland was destroyed. At least 11,000 people were left stranded by the storm. Throughout the country, damage was estimated at 170 million lempira ($9 million USD).
Aftermath.
Colombia.
On Providencia Island, two teams of aid personnel, consisting of a total of 800 people, from National Intervention Teams were mobilized in response to Beta. The Colombian Red Cross Society and the National Disaster Response and Preparedness System (SNPAD) provided assistance to 600 families with non-food relief, pre-hospital care, first aid, temporary shelter and psychosocial support, and carried out a preventative health campaign on the island. On October 29, Diego Palacio, the Minister of Social Protection, flew to Providencia to assess the damage caused by Beta. A frigate was also deployed to the island, carrying two tons of relief items along with 130 search and rescue workers. Reconstruction on the island took place shortly after the storm dissipated and 60 percent of the structures were repaired by January 20, 2006. The completion date for repairs was set at the third week of February.
Nicaragua.
The SNPAD in Nicaragua distributed food to 1,500 victims and reported that food was needed for an additional 35,000 people. Roughly 300 million córdoba was required to repair roadways throughout the affected region. On November 1, the government of Nicaragua announced that it would assist in the reconstruction and repair of 334 for the Miskito Indians. By November 7, airlifts from Managua were able to bring roughly 60 tons (54 tonnes) of supplies to natives living along the Coco River. Additionally, plans for a four-month operation to supply the Miskito Indians with food were implemented. In attempts to lessen the effects of disease and famine, 5,000 tons (4,536 tonnes) of food was planned to be distributed in the region during this time.
Ahead of Hurricane Beta, the U.S. ambassador to Nicaragua signed a disaster declaration on October 28, prompting the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance (OFDA) to send aid. Before the storm hit, $200,000 was sent to the country for emergency relief supply distribution and helicopter fuel. On November 1, USAID and OFDA airlifted 200 rolls of plastic sheeting, 5,020 ten-litre water containers, and 2,736 hygiene kits, valued at $120,877. Another $22,000 was used to supply an aircraft and Bell 204/205 helicopter to assist affected areas. On November 10, another $100,000 was sent for sanitation and health activities. The United Nations sent $10,000 to the Región Autónoma del Atlántico Sur to cover emergency needs. Forty-five tents were sent to communities in need. The Spanish Government also sent $377,188 in aid and to Nicaragua.
The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement sent 300 food packages, 300 kitchen kits, 200 mattresses, 300 hygiene kits, 150 hammocks, plastic sheeting, and 26.4 tons (24 tonnes) of construction materials and tools to Nicaragua. As a precaution, about 2.2 tons (2 tonnes) of food was also sent to the National Society’s warehouse in Bogotá. A total of $116,367 was also allocated from disaster relief funds. The Justice, Global & Ecumenical Relations Unit in Canada also provided $6,500 in relief funds to Nicaragua. Two shipments of relief supplies were sent to the hardest hit areas by Direct Relief International. The first shipment arrived on November 9; it contained 3,000 lbs (1,360 kg) of antibiotics valued at $237,241. The second shipment arrived on November 22; it contained numerous supplies, valued at $139,283, which would be delivered to the hardest hit areas. The governments of Sweden and France sent $37,191 and $36,058 in funds respectively.
Honduras.
On October 31, a disaster declaration was signed for Honduras due to the effects from Beta. USAID sent $50,000 in funds for the purchase of relief items such as blankets, foam mattresses, and hygiene kits. Two Fokker F27 aircraft were also supplied to help assist the transportation of relief supplies at a cost of $40,000. The United States Department of Defense sent military personnel to the affected areas from November 4–8. During that time, more than 155,000 lbs (70,306 kg) of relief supplies were airlifted to the affected communities. The United States embassy in Honduras also provided a C-12 Huron aircraft to transport 3,000 lbs (1,360 kg) to Puerto Lempira. A total of $500,000 was sent in the form of relief supplies and transport to Honduras from USAID. The Spanish Government offered a C-130 Hercules containing emergency supplies to Honduras. The World Food Programme pre-positioned 509 tons (461.7 tonnes) of food to be used in temporary shelters and recovery activities. The government of Great Britain offered humanitarian assistance, consisting of 1,500 plastic bags, 1,800 jerrycans, one helicopter, five boats, 250 military personnel, and five medical assistants.
Naming and records.
When Tropical Depression Twenty-six was upgraded to Tropical Storm Beta, it was the first time that the second letter of the Greek alphabet was used for a tropical cyclone. Upon being named, it was the first time that an Atlantic hurricane season had produced 24 tropical or subtropical cyclones. Operationally, Beta was the record-breaking 13th hurricane, surpassing the 12 hurricanes produced in 1969. In the post-season analysis by the National Hurricane Center, Tropical Storm Cindy was upgraded to a hurricane, thus making Beta the 14th hurricane of 2005. Due to the relatively low impact caused by Beta, the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2006 and remains on the auxiliary list of names in the event that another Atlantic hurricane season produces more than 21 storms.

</doc>
<doc id="20849310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849310" title="MSrE M-24">
MSrE M-24

__NOTOC__
The MSrE M-25 was a sport aircraft built in Hungary in the late 1930s. It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design, with a wing of elliptical planform. The pilot and single passenger sat in tandem under a canopy that fully enclosed the cockpit and the main units of the tailwheel undercarriage were retractable. A small series of five aircraft was produced, with the first two supplied to Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20849316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849316" title="Landmark Cases in the Law of Contract">
Landmark Cases in the Law of Contract

Landmark Cases in the Law of Contract (2008) is a book by Charles Mitchell and Paul Mitchell, which outlines the key cases in English contract law. 
Content.
The cases discussed are,

</doc>
<doc id="20849319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849319" title="Minuscule 45">
Minuscule 45

Minuscule 45 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 442 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 398 leaves (size ) with only one lacunae (Mark 2:5-15). The text is written in one column per page, 19-21 lines per page in very neat minuscule letters. The initial letters in gold or red.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with occasional τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Matthew 355, Mark 233 – 16:8; Luke 342, John 230 sections), with references to the Eusebian Canons.
The codex contains the Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") precede each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, numbers of στιχοι in the Gospel of Luke, and pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden included it to the textual family Kx. Kurt and Barbara Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no Profile was made.
History.
The codex was brought from the Athos to England by César de Missy (1703-1775), French chaplain of George III, King of England, who spent his life in collecting materials for an edition of the New Testament. It was examined by Mill (Bodl. 1), Griesbach, and Wetstein in 1746.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Barocci 31), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20849328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849328" title="Mark Boggan">
Mark Boggan

Mark Boggan (born in Preston, Lancashire, England in 1994) is a child actor.
He is the second child born to Karen and Graham Boggan. Mark is a dance student at Showcase the Street [http://www.showcasethestreet.co.uk/], a registered charity for giving kids the chance to dance, act and sing with 2 dance studios and a soundproof studio for budding recording artists.
Mark got his first break as one of the children's chorus for Joseph and his Amazing Technicoloured Dreamcoat at the Caird Hall in Dundee for Bill Kenwright's touring production.
On his 13th Birthday he was offered the part of Jock McAbre in the feature film and musical "Journey to the Moon". He was one of 6 children to have a principal role from over 9000 auditionees.

</doc>
<doc id="20849331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849331" title="Cafuringa">
Cafuringa

Moacir Fernandes, commonly known by the nickname Cafuringa (November 10, 1948 – July 25, 1991), was a Brazilian professional football right winger, who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs.
Brazilian footballer Cafu got his footballing name after Cafuringa.
Career.
Born in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais state on November 10, 1948, Cafuringa started his professional career in 1965, playing for Botafogo. He then moved to Bangu, winning the Campeonato Carioca in 1969, 1971, 1973 and in 1975 as a Fluminense player. During that spell in Fluminense, he played 63 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A games. In 1976, he was transferred to Atlético Mineiro, where he played 19 Série A games. After defending Grêmio Maringá, Cafuringa returned to Fluminense, where he played 14 Série A games between 1977 and 1978. In 1979, he played six Série A games for Caldense, then he joined Venezuelan club Deportivo Táchira, where he retired.
After his retirement, Cafuringa played in the 1990 Pelé World Cup, which is a competition for over 35 retired footballers, scoring a goal in the final.
Death.
Cafuringa died on July 25, 1991, in Jacarepaguá neighborhood, Rio de Janeiro, of sepsis.

</doc>
<doc id="20849340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849340" title="Isaac Toussie">
Isaac Toussie

Isaac Robert Toussie (born 1971) is a Brooklyn, New York real estate developer convicted of fraudulently obtaining mortgages from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. On December 23, 2008, Toussie was granted a pardon by President George W. Bush; however, this pardon was revoked the following day, amid controversy over its apparent impropriety.
Crimes and conviction.
Toussie entered the real estate business with his father, Robert Toussie, in 1993. In 1999, Isaac Toussie was charged with making false statements to the Department of Housing and Urban Development in obtaining mortgages, and with mail fraud, stemming from a letter he sent to Suffolk County officials which overstated the value of a property the county would later buy from Toussie's father.
Toussie pleaded guilty on May 24, 2001 to the false statement charge. He subsequently pleaded guilty on December 10, 2002 to the mail fraud charge. In July 2003, Toussie was sentenced to five months of incarceration, followed by three years of probation, and on September 22, 2003, he was fined $10,000.
Isaac Toussie and his father are among the co-defendants in an ongoing class action suit, filed in 2001 by 400 families who claim they were sold shoddily-constructed properties at inflated prices, and told that property taxes would be reduced or deferred. Homeowners paid between US$160,000 and $200,000 for the Suffolk County and Staten Island homes. The suit is the largest ever real estate discrimination suit in New York State.
Toussie placed advertisements in New York City newspapers, offering affordable housing and easy financing, even to individuals with poor credit. The suit claims that these ads included fake endorsements from black celebrities, including Whoopi Goldberg and Maya Angelou. Investigators discovered that Toussie had worked with various real estate attorneys, mortgage bankers and home appraisers to get mortgages for hundreds of low-income home-buyers who wouldn't otherwise qualify, and then sell those same people low-quality, overpriced houses that they couldn't afford.
Pardon and revocation.
On December 23, 2008, President Bush granted a pardon to Toussie, angering people who felt Toussie had defrauded them. However, the pardon was withdrawn the next day, following a report by the "New York Daily News" that Toussie's father, Robert Toussie, had given $28,500 to the Republican Party and $2,300 to the presidential campaign of U.S. Senator John McCain. White House press secretary Dana Perino stated that the pardon would be reviewed, in light of the new information. A White House press release read, in part:
The action by Mr. Bush to revoke the pardon is considered unprecedented, and it is unclear that the president has the power to withdraw a pardon. However, the Justice Department has stated that the pardon was never official, having never been delivered to the person who requested it, and that Toussie would have no legal ground on which to challenge the withdrawal. It appears that the pardon would have made it possible for Toussie to re-enter the real estate business in New York state, which he would not be able to do as a felon.
The pardon was also unusual in that it violated a Justice Department guideline stipulating that convicted criminals not be considered for pardons less than five years after the completion of their sentences. The president is not legally bound by the Justice Department guideline. Toussie's legal representation apparently bypassed normal procedure, and appealed directly to the administration, rather than going through the Justice Department. Toussie's lawyer, Bernard Berenson, was formerly part of the Office of the White House Counsel. White House Counsel Fred Fielding approved the application for the pardon.
On December 27, the "Daily News" published a photograph of the elder Toussie shaking hands with President Bush, posed in front of an American flag.

</doc>
<doc id="20849347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849347" title="Ferdinand Jagemann">
Ferdinand Jagemann

Ferdinand Jagemann (24 August 1780, Weimar – 9 January 1820) was a German painter.
Life.
As son of the librarian Christian Joseph Jagemann, he was brother to the actress Karoline Jagemann. Karoline was mistress to Charles Augustus, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, who allowed Ferdinand to train with the Tischbein painters. He was also a student of the court-painter Georg Melchior Kraus in Weimar and Füger in Vienna. He then went on study trips to Paris and Italy. He was well known as a portraitist, drawing Friedrich Schiller on his deathbed. He died as a professor at the Fürstliche freie Zeichenschule in Weimar, and his eulogy was given by Goethe (whom he had painted in 1805, 1806, 1817 and 1819).

</doc>
<doc id="20849366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849366" title="Maniac (Reemer song)">
Maniac (Reemer song)

"Maniac" is the debut single from the British band Reemer.
The single was produced by Chris Kimsey at Sphere Studios in London.
It reached number 5 in the UK Indie charts.
The b-side to this single is "Summer Sun", the second track from Reemer's debut album "Snakes and Ladders"
Music video.
The video stars Leah Hackett of Hollyoaks fame and was directed by Jamie Catto. It begins with the band performing in the front garden of Leah's home, they then follow her throughout her day whilst frontman Dave Hunter attempts to win her over.

</doc>
<doc id="20849368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849368" title="Juneau Biosciences">
Juneau Biosciences

Juneau Biosciences is a biotechnology company based in Salt Lake City, Utah. The firm applies both population genetics and genomics approaches to identify the fundamental, molecular bases of major diseases that predominantly affect women. Founded in early 2007 by Dr. Kenneth Ward, the firm has focused so far on the development of molecular diagnostics and therapeutics for endometriosis. 
External links.
Juneau Biosciences home page

</doc>
<doc id="20849376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849376" title="Pleurobranchaea maculata">
Pleurobranchaea maculata

Pleurobranchaea maculata, or the grey side-gilled slug, is a species of sea slug, specifically a side-gill slug or notaspidean. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs around the North Island and South Island of New Zealand.
Habitat.
This side-gill slug is found intertidally in harbours, and to depths of up to 250 m off rocky coasts.
Description.
This slug has no shell. The coloration is pale grey, densely patterned with short, brown lines. The animal is up to 100 mm in length.
Life habits.
This slug eats sea anemones, marine worms, and molluscs.
In 2009, a major scare in the Auckland Region of New Zealand was sparked after several dogs died of tetrodotoxin poisoning after eating "Pleurobranchaea maculata" (grey side-gilled seaslug) on beaches. Children and pet owners were asked to avoid beaches, and recreational fishing was also interrupted for a time. After exhaustive analysis, it was found that the sea slugs must have ingested tetrodotoxin.

</doc>
<doc id="20849380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849380" title="Trochoidea elegans">
Trochoidea elegans

Trochoidea elegans is a species of European air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of European countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20849385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849385" title="Asbjørn Gjærde">
Asbjørn Gjærde

Asbjørn Gjærde (born December 5. 1939, in Stranda in the municipality of Sunnmøre is a Norwegian journalist and writer. He is known as head of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, NRK, office in Møre og Romsdal seated in Aalesund from 1981-1997. Thereafter in a free position as editor with office at the same location, but then as centrally NRK employed.
Asbjørn Gjærde retired at the end of 2007 after 43 years of employment at NRK.

</doc>
<doc id="20849403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849403" title="Mykola Shmatko">
Mykola Shmatko

Mykola Havrylovych Shmatko () (born 17 August 1943 in Krasnohorivka) is a contemporary Ukrainian amateur sculptor, painter. He was born in the Donetsk region of Ukraine.
He became a sculptor at the age of 33, after being a firefighter. He works in marble, inspired by European culture and art. His studio and gallery contains 100 sculptures, more than 70 of which are made of Ural and Italian marble, 30 plaster casts and about 300 pictures (paintings, graphics, and architectural projects). In total, there are approximately 750 pieces ranging from simple decoration to bas-relief, high relief, busts and sculptures. Some of these are sexually explicit in character.
He is also working in archtitecture, and has a design for a penis-shaped highrise building.
In 2000 he was appointed a professor of Arts department by Moscow Institute of World Civilization.
In 2004 for his work "Sviatohorska Blessed Virgin" - statue of the Theotokos "Hegumenia" for Sviato-Uspenskyi Sviatohorskyi Monastery, he was awarded the order of Nestor Letopisets by Volodymyr Sabodan, the Kiev Metropolitan and all Ukraine.
The fall of 2012 left the city at the invitation of Lugansk oligarch Viktor Baloha and moved with his family to the city of Mukachevo.
On January 18, 2013 Shatko nominated himself for the Nobel Peace Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20849408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849408" title="José Romão">
José Romão

José Pratas Romão (born 13 April 1954) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a defender, and a current coach.
Playing career.
Born in Beja, Romão started playing for local C.D. Beja. He also represented Vitória de Guimarães, A.D. Fafe, F.C. Penafiel, G.D. Riopele, G.C. Alcobaça and F.C. Vizela during his 14-year professional career.
Romão spent five seasons in the top division with Guimarães, never managing to be more than a reserve player. His last campaign in the category was 1982–83, being relegated with Alcobaça, and he retired in June 1984 at only 30 years of age.
Coaching career.
Romão started working as a manager immediately after retiring, being in charge as Vizela had its first and only experience in the main category in 1984–85 – the team finished in the 16th and last position in the league, being immediately relegated back. From the start of the 1987–88 season until the end of the 1999–2000 campaign he always worked in the Portuguese top flight, starting with Penafiel and being mainly in charge of G.D. Chaves, which he led to the fifth place in 1989–90 in a total of three stints. 
In the 2000 summer Romão joined António Oliveira's staff at the Portuguese national team, holding his position until the end of the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Subsequently he was in charge of the under-21 side, and was also the nation's manager at the ill-fated campaign in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Romão started managing abroad in 2005 with Wydad Casablanca, then had spells with Al-Arabi Sports Club, Raja Casablanca, Kuwait SC and Al-Arabi SC.

</doc>
<doc id="20849426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849426" title="Gustav Stickley House">
Gustav Stickley House

The Gustav Stickley House is a house built in 1900 in Syracuse, New York which is regarded as the first American Craftsman house for its interior design. In 1903, after a fire, its interior was renovated by Gustav Stickley who is known for his furniture and other contributions in the American American Craftsman movement.
Views of the interior and plans were published in 1903 in "The Craftsman", a magazine that Stickley founded in 1901. A reprint of the article appears in the NRHP nomination document.
Stickley lived in the house during 1900-1905, and the third floor was revised to serve as an apartment for him in the 1920s.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
On the exterior, it does not appear more remarkable than many other houses on the block and in the greater neighborhood, which covers a hillside leading up to Syracuse University.

</doc>
<doc id="20849432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849432" title="Redbridge Cycling Centre">
Redbridge Cycling Centre

Redbridge Cycling Centre is a new permanent road cycle circuit and mountain bike course at Hog Hill – near Hainault Forest Country Park and directly opposite the Forest Cemetery & Crematorium. The £5m cost of the facility was funded by the London Development Agency (LDA) as a replacement the former Eastway cycle facilities that were redeveloped for the London Olympic Park. The LDA will be funding the facility up to the completion of the legacy London Velopark. Work is underway to identify an operator of Hog Hill beyond 2012. It was opened by Boris Johnson in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20849467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849467" title="West Didsbury Metrolink station">
West Didsbury Metrolink station

West Didsbury Metrolink station is a stop on the South Manchester Line (SML) of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. It opened to passengers on 23 May 2013, and is located in western Didsbury, in south Manchester, England.
The Metrolink stop sits some 300m south east of the former heavy rail station of the Midland Railway, which opened 1 January 1880 as Withington; was renamed on 1 July 1884 to Withington and Albert Park; renamed again on 1 April 1915 to Withington and West Didsbury; and closed 3 July 1961. The route was earmarked for redevelopment with a light rail system during the 1980s, and was confirmed and funded as part of Metrolink's Phase 3b of expansion in 2006.
History.
Railway station.
Withington & West Didsbury railway station opened in 1880 as "Withington" when the Midland Railway opened its new out of Manchester Central Station. The station was renamed "Withington & Albert Park" in 1884, and then "Withington & West Didsbury" in 1895.
The Manchester South District line, and consequently Withington & West Didsbury station, closed in July 1961. By the 2000s, the original cobbled station approach road and wall were still visible off Lapwing Lane, and the remains of the station platforms could still be seen at the bottom of the overgrown embankment.
Metrolink stop.
The West Didsbury Metrolink stop opened on 23 May 2013, on the opposite side of Palatine Road from the original railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="20849468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849468" title="Georg Melchior Kraus">
Georg Melchior Kraus

Georg Melchior Kraus (26 July 1737, in Frankfurt am Main – 5 November 1806, in Weimar) was a German painter. A student of Johann Heinrich Tischbein, he was also a teacher himself (his pupils included Ferdinand Jagemann), as well as an entrepreneur and friend of Goethe. He was a co-founder of the Fürstliche freie Zeichenschule Weimar with Friedrich Justin Bertuch in 1776.
Life.
Georg Melchior Kraus was the sixth of nine children, though five of these died before reaching a year. His parents Cornelia Kraus (née Paulsen) and Johann Georg Kraus ran the "Zur weissen Schlangen" hotel in the Sandgasse in Frankfurt. Georg Melchior Kraus was eight when his father remarried after Cornelia's early death.
From 1759 to 1762 he trained in the studio of the court painter Johann Heinrich Tischbein the Elder at the court of landgraf Frederick II of Hesse-Kassel. In November 1762 Georg Melchior travelled to Paris to study under the best-known copper-engraver of the time, Johann Georg Wille. In Paris he also came into contact with the genre painter Jean-Baptiste Greuze and soon became "genre painter familiar to His Holiness the prince bishop of Wirsbourg"
At the end of 1766 Kraus returned to Frankfurt, at first becoming a private tutor and genre painter. He maintained his French contacts so well that in 1776 he was included on Colisée's list as a genre painter. In Frankfurt his pupils included Sophie von La Roche, Friedrich Heinrich Jacobi and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, while he also unsuccessfully petitioned the city council on 2 April 1767 for the establishment of a painting academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20849482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849482" title="Trevor Holdsworth">
Trevor Holdsworth

Sir Trevor Holdsworth (29 May 1927 – 28 September 2010) was the former chairman of National Power and of the Bradford-based Allied Colloids international chemical business. From 1992 until 1997 he was chancellor of the University of Bradford.
He was born in Bradford and attended Hanson Grammar School. He went on to chair the engineering conglomerate GKN in the 1970s/80s, and was later the chairman of the Confederation of British Industry. He received a knighthood in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20849490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849490" title="Anna Sedoykina">
Anna Sedoykina

Anna Sedoykina (born 1984) is a Russian team handball player, playing on the Russian women's national handball team.
She received a bronze medal with the Russian team at the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship in Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20849532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849532" title="David Newbery">
David Newbery

David Michael Garrood Newbery, CBE, FBA (born June 1, 1943) has been Professor of Applied Economics at the University of Cambridge since 1988. He is a foremost thinker in the field of energy economics, writing extensively on the regulation of electricity markets. His interests also include in climate change mitigation and environmental policy, privatisation, and risk.
Beyond his role as professor at Cambridge, he is Vice Chairman of Cambridge Economic Policy AssociatesDirector of the Cambridge Electricity Policy Research Group and is an occasional consultant to the World Bank. From 1988-2003 he was Director of the Department of Applied Economics. He was a member of the Competition Commission from 1996-2002, and chairman of the Dutch electricity market surveillance committee. He was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 1991 . He is a member of the Academic Panel of DEFRA. Since 1966 he has been a fellow of Churchill College, and succeeded Archie Howie as President of its Senior Combination Room (SCR) in October 2010. 
Newbery was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 Birthday Honours for services to economics.

</doc>
<doc id="20849536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849536" title="Clifton Fire Department">
Clifton Fire Department

The Clifton Fire Department, provides fire protection and emergency medical services to Clifton, New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20849560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849560" title="Babacar Khane">
Babacar Khane

Babacar Khane (born January 2, 1935), also known as Yogi Khane, Yogi Babacar Khane and Maître Khane, is a practitioner of yoga, author, and mystical poet. His work has focused on the diffusion of yoga in Europe and its introduction into medical treatments. He founded the International Yoga Institute and an international yoga teacher training school, active now in Africa, America, Asia and Europe. He introduced a new way of teaching yoga based on Indian Hatha yoga asanas, Egyptian postures and Chinese exercises attributed by the Shaolin monks to Bodhidharma. He is one proponent of "Egyptian yoga", a branch of yoga based on the observation of the ancient-Egyptian art.
Biography.
Khane was born in Dakar, into a Sufi family. He learned yoga at an early age and became a disciple of Paramahansa Yogananda. He founded the first center of the International Yoga Institute (or Institut International de Yoga) in Dakar, in 1960. In 1964, he was invited by Philippe Baumgartner, a French gerontologist and author of several books (among them, "L'Homme et son Âge", Julliard, Paris, 1959; and "101 Conseils pour retrouver et développer la mémoire", Hachette, Paris, 1976, ISBN 2-01-002324-2) to take part with him in several international medical conferences in order to explain and show how yoga might be helpful against the ageing process. In 1965, Baumgartner asked him to collaborate with him in the treatment of his rheumatic patients in Aix-les-Bains. Both organised later an annual course of treatment in Gorée. This collaboration lasted until the death of Baumgartner in 1980 and was very important for the genesis of the therapeutic and preventive yoga method created by Khane. Baumgartner introduced Khane in several important European yoga schools and federations who invited him soon to give often seminars and hatha-yoga demonstrations. In 1972, he opened his first yoga teacher training school in Switzerland. In 1974, he became a member of the pedagogic committee of the Fédération Française de Yoga (called now the FNEY). In 1978, he decided to leave this Federation and devote himself entirely to the development of the International Yoga Institute in Europe, Africa and America. His yoga school now has branches in many countries throughout the world.
Khane's teaching method.
When he began to introduce yoga in the treatment of Baumgartner's old and rheumatic patients, Khane had to adapt his teaching to the limited abilities of this new audience. For pedagogic reasons, he decided to introduce into his hatha-yoga lessons some Chinese exercises based on the inner style (Nei Shia) of the kung-fu method attributed to the Indian Buddhist monk Bodhidharma. He used in addition some postures depicted in the temples of ancient Egypt, which he calls "Egyptian yoga".
Khane and Egyptian Yoga.
Khane wrote several books about "Egyptian yoga". He claimed in those books that some hatha-yoga asanas were practised in ancient Egypt. Khane claims in addition that other poses represented in Egyptian temples and graves had similar effects to the Indian one and could be considered as yoga postures. As Khane mentions himself, some "Egyptian" postures had been taught in the past by Hanish (Mazdanan, 1932), and A. de Sambucy, who wrote in the sixties the book "Le Yoga irano-égyptien". Khane built a complete pedagogic system based on the Egyptian bas-reliefs and paintings, and studied the similarities between some Egyptian words or pharaonic symbols and Indian yogic concepts. He proposes to see in Pharao a model of the human realization. The assertion made by Khane in many of his books, lectures, interviews and articles is that signs of the existence of yoga appear at approximately the same time in India and Egypt, and that the two traditions are very close, but parallel. For Khane, yoga is a universal legacy kept in life and passed down to humanity through generations by India, despite the fact that it is possible to find numerous traces of yoga in Ancient Egypt and perhaps in a few Judaeo-Christian or Islamic practices. For him what is important in the fact that yoga was practiced in Egypt, is that it is a link between several spiritual traditions and a factor of unity for humanity.
The idea that yoga was practised in Ancient Egypt is now accepted by several European writers specialized in the study of the spirituality. Khane is generally accepted by other yoga schools as one of the main exponents of Egyptian yoga. Davina Delor writes : "Babacar Khane est le maître contemporain révélateur du Yoga des Pharaons." Gérard Blitz, former General Secretary of the European Union of National Yoga Federations (UEFNY, called now European Union of Yoga) credits him with having found the traces of the Egyptian yoga "Es este hombre que se interesa al Yoga Egipcio, Yoga de el que él su esposa han vuelto a encontrar huellas en una civilización antigua de al menos seis mil anos (ver su libro : "El Yoga de los Faraones" and asked him to conduct several international yogic trips (1987, 1989, 1991) to Egypt under the patronage of the European Union of National Yoga Federations.
In Africa, Senghor in one of his official speeches, called upon Senegalese youth and athletes to return beyond Greece to their Egyptian roots, following the path opened by Khane.
International recognition.
An "internationally recognized" master, Khane has been selected as member of the World Yoga Council. The Institut International de Yoga is a member of the International Yoga Federation and the European Yoga Alliance. Khane is regularly invited to perform yoga and give lectures or yoga lessons in international Yoga conferences throughout the world. Since 1973, he has participated many times in the annual conference organized in Zinal by the European Union of Yoga.
Gérard Blitz, important person in the field of yoga, wrote about him : "hombre cuya sola presencia es sugestiva, un Sabio auténtico." From 1978 to 1988, his yoga lessons were broadcast daily on Radio Télévision Sénégalaise (RTS). Several European TV channels (for example La Deuxième Chaîne, called now France 2, 1972) invited him to take part in programmes about yoga or interviewed him (Algerian TV channel, Spanish and Greek TV channels). On the request of an Algerian Minister, Abdelmadjid Aouchiche, Director of DNC and former Dr Baumgartner's patient, Khane was asked by the Algerian state (though communist at this time) to introduce yoga in Algeria while training a team of yoga teachers, from 1978 to 1982.
Khane's work and finds in the domain of Egyptian yoga are presented as reference in several academic publications.
Several books and articles by other European yoga teachers are based expressly on Khane's teaching.
Khane's poetic work.
Khane is considered by Marie-Madeleine Davy, a specialist of the French medieval mystical theology," as "hijo digno de los poetas soufis".
Last articles and web pages about Khane and his teaching.
and [http://www.buddhachannel.tv/portail/spip.php?article3667]

</doc>
<doc id="20849563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849563" title="Hall of Justice (disambiguation)">
Hall of Justice (disambiguation)

Hall of Justice refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="20849565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849565" title="Jonathan Blanco">
Jonathan Blanco

Jonathan Matías Blanco (born 29 April 1987, in José C. Paz, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Olimpo.
He made his debut on June 22, 2008, for Tigre.

</doc>
<doc id="20849574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849574" title="Andrew Climo">
Andrew Climo

Andrew Climo (born 1961) is a Cornwall-based, Cornish author and community activist. He is chief executive and founder of Community Leaders CIC, a community development agency, a Director of the Community Sector Coalition, a network for community groups in the British Isles, and an activist for Cornish devolution and the Cornish language.
Early career.
Climo graduated with a science degree in 1983, and initially became involved in cot death research at Bristol University as part of the support team performing data mining activities. He moved into electronic publishing as well as the use of SGML, working initially for the Commonwealth Agricultural Bureaux.
In 1996 he led the development of the first Cornish language web site, called The Cornish Language Advisory Service on behalf of Agan Tavas, a Cornish language group. He subsequently went on to chair that organisation between 1997 and 2004, a period of upheaval for the Cornish Language.
Community Development.
In 2005 Climo became involved in community development, developing the Inter-Link quality model, a system for developing community groups and providing a certification system for community development workers. This was supplemented by a Mental Health certification system in 2010.
During 2009 he co-authored The Partnership Toolkit for community groups with co-worker Tom Jane.
Climo became a Director of Community Leaders CIC in 2009 and the Community Sector Coalition during 2011. He also contributed to the founding of the National Community Activist's Network during that year.
Cornish devolution.
Climo, a Cornish language speaker established the Cornish language journal An Gowsva, which he continued to edit until 2004. By 1996 the status of the language was become politically contentious: At that time the language was not recognised within the provisions of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages, although Welsh and Scots Gaelic had been.
By 1999 Climo was a member of the Working Group for a Cornish Assembly led by Andrew George MP. From 2002 onwards he joined Bert Biscoe and Dick Cole on the steering group of the newly created 'Convention for a Cornish Assembly'. Both he and co-worker David Fieldsend developed detailed proposals for a devolved Cornish Assembly within the structure of the United Kingdom.
During 2000 he was appointed Head of Research for Cornwall Constitutional Convention. He then edited "Devolution for One and All (pub. 2000)". Following John Prescott's (then Deputy Prime Minister) policy to create directly elected English regional assemblies, Climo went on to edit "The Case for Cornwall", again published by the Convention.
From 2004 onwards, the campaign for a Cornish Development Agency became an increasingly important issue. This resulted in a further publication, "Devolution for Prosperity", which sets out the case for a strategic Development Agency for Cornwall along the lines of the Welsh Development Agency. The creation of a Development Agency for a devolved Cornwall is now mainstream policy and receives support from Cornish MPs.
Cornish Language.
Climo chaired Agan Tavas (The Campaign for the Cornish Language) from 1998 to 2005: a difficult time for the language, with three competing written forms being promoted by each of the three main language groups.
During this period "Kernuak Es" (Second Ed. Pub. Penzance 2004) a book for learners of the language was written by Climo. The orthography used is somewhere between Modern Cornish and Tudor Cornish orthographic forms.
In 2003, and under pressure from a delegation by the Cornish Constitutional Convention, Nick Raynsford, the then Minister for Local Government reported that the government would include the Cornish language within the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.
In 2004 a steering group was formed to develop a "Strategy for the Cornish Language". This was unpopular with some, but a formal consultation of users and other interested parties in each of the six districts of Cornwall was finally held, culminating in the publication of a report for the Secretary of State for the Regions.
During discussions within the Steering Group 2003 Climo and others proposed the idea of a "Standard Written Form" (SWF) as a means to unite the language movement.
This proposal was eventually developed at two weekend-long sessions by an 'Ad Hoc Group', comprising representatives from the respective language groups, chaired by Trond Trusterud a language researcher, and supported by considerable "ex officio" work by several linguists.
The first revision of the SWF was agreed in 2008 and provides a platform for using Cornish for official purposes and in education.

</doc>
<doc id="20849584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849584" title="The Hills (season 3)">
The Hills (season 3)

The third season of "The Hills", an American reality television series, consists of 28 episodes and was broadcast on MTV. The first portion aired from August 13, 2007, until December 10, 2007, while the second portion aired from March 24, 2008, until May 12, 2008. It was primarily filmed in Los Angeles, California, with additional footage in Crested Butte, Colorado; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Paris, France. The executive producer was Liz Gateley.
"The Hills" focuses on the lives of Lauren Conrad, Audrina Patridge, Whitney Port, and Heidi Montag. During the season, Conrad ended her friendship with Montag after suspecting that she and her boyfriend Spencer Pratt fabricated rumors of a sex tape involving herself and ex-boyfriend Jason Wahler. The ensuing feud between the three became a central focus of the series, and was carried through each subsequent season. Meanwhile, Patridge resumed a relationship with her on-again/off-again boyfriend Justin Brescia.
Synopsis.
Lauren's feud with the newly engaged Heidi begun after she alleged that she and Spencer spread a rumor before she cuts all ties with her. At "Teen Vogue", Whitney struggled with her new position as the Direct Supervisor to the interns after a break-up with a longtime boyfriend, and Lauren got a second chance with Lisa Love by being sent to Paris to assist with the "Bal des Débutantes" with Whitney by her side. After realizing that staying behind the scenes at "Teen Vogue" wasn't for her, Whitney got a new job working for the fashion PR firm, People's Revolution, and brought Lauren along with her. Lauren continued to stay close with her childhood friend, Lo Bosworth, and the two decided to buy a house together in Hollywood and invited Audrina to live with them, even though Lo felt uneasy about their decision. Additionally, Audrina spent more time with former flame, Justin, which made the situation in the house ever more uneasy. The two had a dramatic break-up but eventually reunited. Meanwhile, Heidi continued to climb the corporate ladder at Bolthouse Productions and struggled with her engagement to Spencer. The two went on a "relationship vacation", and Spencer consequently moved in with his sister, Stephanie, who managed to put herself in the midst of the 'Lauren vs Heidi' feud after befriending Lauren while taking a class at FIDM together. In the season finale, Heidi put her job at Bolthouse in jeopardy after going home with Spencer, who surprised her during a business trip to Las Vegas, and Audrina argued to Lauren that it was Lo who was pulling their friendship apart.
Cast.
The main cast receives star billing in the opening credits, and are credited by their first name.
Ratings.
The season premiere averaged over 3.6 million viewers, up 44% from the season two premiere. The first half of season 3 made The Hills MTV's number one show and on cable among P12-34, reaching a total of 100 million viewers both online and on television. The second half, which premiered in March, was the highest rated cable telecast of the year among P12-34, with an average of 4.7 million viewers.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20849602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849602" title="WOW Gospel Christmas">
WOW Gospel Christmas

WOW Gospel Christmas includes thirty songs on a double CD album. In 2007 it reached #78 on the Billboard 200 chart, took first place on the Top Gospel Albums chart, and 20th spot on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. In 2008 it reached 24th spot on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20849609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849609" title="The Craftsman">
The Craftsman

The Craftsman was a magazine founded by Gustav Stickley in 1901 which carried house designs that created the American Craftsman architectural style.
Stickley's own home in Syracuse, New York, became the first Craftsman home. Views of its interior and plans were published in 1903 in "The Craftsman". A reprint of the article appears in the NRHP nomination document.

</doc>
<doc id="20849611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849611" title="Heinrich Beck (actor)">
Heinrich Beck (actor)

Heinrich Christian Beck (19 February 1760, Gotha - 7 May 1803, Mannheim) was a German actor and playwright.
Beck began his theatrical career with August Iffland and Johann David Beil at the "Hoftheater" (Court Theater) in Gotha and, like most of the ensemble, went to the Mannheim National Theater after the "Hoftheater" was disbanded in 1779. The National Theater was then blossoming artistically under the leadership of Wolfgang Heribert von Dalberg.
While there, Beck took part in the premieres of Schiller's first plays "Die Räuber" (as Kosinsky) and "Fiesco" (as Bourgognino).
In 1799 Prince-Elector Maximilian IV. Joseph von Bayern called him to Munich as a director. He returned to Mannheim in 1801 as theater director, dying there in 1803.
Beck was known for his acting skill and his good voice and acted with the same finesse in tragedies and comedies as in musicals.
Among his own plays, the comedies "Die Schachmaschine" (Berlin 1798), "Die Quälgeister" (Frankfurt 1802) and "Das Kamäleon" (Frankfurt 1803) found the most acclaIm. His dramatic work appeared under the title ""Theater"" in three volumes in Frankfurt, beginning in 1802.
Beck's first wife Karoline, née Ziegler (* 3 January 1766 in Mannheim), also a talented, promising actress, debuted in Mannheim in 1781 but died on 24 July 1784. Friedrich Schiller, who had envisioned her to portray his Luise in "Kabale und Liebe", displayed a particular fondness for her.

</doc>
<doc id="20849616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849616" title="Marty Callaghan">
Marty Callaghan

Martin Francis Callaghan (June 9, 1900 – June 23, 1975) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for four seasons. He played for the Chicago Cubs from 1922 to 1923 and the Cincinnati Reds in 1928 and 1930.
A 1916 graduate of Norwood High School, Callaghan was highly celebrated in his hometown of Norwood, Massachusetts. A "Marty Callaghan Day" was once held, which attracted many spectators and the Norwood Brass Band.
In addition to his 4 major league seasons, Callaghan played 11 seasons in the minor leagues, playing until 1934. Callaghan has the distinction of being one of few players in major league history that have batted three times in one inning, a feat that Callaghan accomplished on August 25, 1922. He had two singles and a strikeout during the fourth inning of a 26-23 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies 

</doc>
<doc id="20849624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849624" title="Wolfgang Böhme">
Wolfgang Böhme

Wolfgang Böhme (born December 17, 1949) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Wolfen. He was the husband of Ute Rührold, but they are now divorced.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored eleven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849646" title="CRP-2B">
CRP-2B

CRP-2B (Crisis Relocation Program 2B) is a hypothetical scenario of nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union that was created in 1976 by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. It involved the detonation of 1444 weapons, with a yield of 6559 megatonnes, and projected a death toll of between 85 and 125 megadeaths.
The program was referred to as a "study", but in fact it was the product of a computer simulation. It was also the source of an 80% survival rate figure that was quoted by many people in the years afterwards. The 80% survival rate was an initial assumption, built into the parameters of the computer simulation by its designers. But as the program came to be a "study", so the survival rate figure came to be the "finding" of the study.
Charles F. Estes Jr., director of strategic police at the Office of the Undersecretary of Defence for Policy, stated:
This 80% figure was quoted in the 1980s by U.S. congressmen and other officials.

</doc>
<doc id="20849650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849650" title="Heinrich Beck">
Heinrich Beck

Heinrich Beck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20849656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849656" title="Reiner Frieske">
Reiner Frieske

Reiner Frieske (born October 11, 1940) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lommatzsch, in Saxony.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20849657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849657" title="Grand-Baie">
Grand-Baie

Grand-Baie is a coastal village in Mauritius located in Rivière du Rempart District, the western part also lies in the Pamplemousses District. The village is administered by the Grand-Baie Village Council under the aegis of the Rivière du Rempart District Council. According to the census made by Statistics Mauritius in 2011, the population was at 11,910. 

</doc>
<doc id="20849672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849672" title="Carl Linhart">
Carl Linhart

Carl James Linhart (born December 14, 1929 in Zborov, Czechoslovakia) is a retired professional baseball player who appeared in three Major League games played as a pinch hitter and pinch runner for the Detroit Tigers during the 1952 season. Linhart is one of three MLB players (along with John Stedronsky and Elmer Valo) born in the former Czechoslovakia or its pre-1918 territories.
Linhart grew up in Granite City, Illinois, and played eight minor league seasons (1948–1949; 1951–1956) as an outfielder, mostly in the Tigers' farm system. 
In his only Major Leaguer service, with the last-place 1952 Tigers, Linhart pinch hit for Hal Newhouser on August 2 against the Boston Red Sox, and grounded into a double play against Ralph Brickner. Almost six weeks later, on September 11, 1952, he pinch ran for Matt Batts in another game against the Red Sox at Briggs Stadium. Then, in his final big league appearance eight days later at Municipal Stadium, Linhart pinch hit for pitcher Hal White and made an out to second base against Early Wynn of the Cleveland Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="20849678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849678" title="Reiner Ganschow">
Reiner Ganschow

Reiner Ganschow (born June 22, 1945) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Rostock.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored 20 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849698" title="Portuguese Language Orthographic Agreement of 1990">
Portuguese Language Orthographic Agreement of 1990

The Portuguese Language Orthographic Agreement of 1990 (, ) is an international treaty whose purpose is to create a unified orthography for the Portuguese language, to be used by all the countries that have Portuguese as their official language. It was signed in Lisbon, on December 16, 1990, at the end of a negotiation, begun in 1980, between the Lisbon Science Academy and the Brazilian Academy of Letters. The signatories included official representatives from all of the Portuguese-language countries except East Timor, which was under Indonesian occupation at the time, but later adhered to the Agreement, in 2004.
Galicia was invited to take part in the reform but the Galician government ignored the invitation, since it regards Galician and Portuguese as different languages. However, an unofficial commission formed by Galician linguists who support the unity of the language attended the meetings as observers.
Intentions.
The Orthographic Agreement of 1990 intends to establish a single official orthography for the Portuguese language and thus to improve its international status, putting an end to the existence of two official orthographic norms: one in Brazil and another in the remaining Portuguese-speaking countries. Proposers of the Agreement give the Spanish language as a motivating example: Spanish has many variations, between Spain and Hispanic America, both in pronunciation and in vocabulary, but it is under the same spelling norm, regulated by the Association of Spanish Language Academies.
The contents and the legal value of the treaty have not achieved a consensus among linguists, philologists, scholars, journalists, writers, translators and figures of the arts, politics and business of the Brazilian and Portuguese societies. Therefore, its application has been the object of disagreements for linguistic, political, economic and legal reasons. There are even some who claim the unconstitutionality of the treaty. Some others claim that the Orthographic Agreement serves chiefly geopolitical and economic interests of Brazil.
Precedents.
Until the beginning of the 20th century, in Portugal as in Brazil, an orthography was used that, by rule, relied on Greek or Latin etymology to form words, e.g. "pharmacia" ("pharmacy"), "lyrio" ("lily"), and "diccionário" ("dictionary"), among others.
In 1911, following the establishment of the Portuguese republic, a wide orthographic reform was adopted — the Orthographic Reform of 1911 — which completely modified the face of the written language, bringing it closer to contemporary trends. However, this reform was made without any agreement with Brazil, leaving both countries with two entirely different orthographies: Portugal with its reformed orthography, Brazil with its traditional orthography (called "pseudo-etimológica", "pseudo-etymological").
As time passed, the Science Academy of Lisbon and the Brazilian Academy of Letters led successive attempts to establish a common spelling between both countries. In 1931, the first agreement was reached, however, as vocabularies published in 1940 (in Portugal) and in 1943 (in Brazil) continued to contain some divergences, a new meeting was held that created the Orthographic Agreement of 1945. This agreement became law in Portugal, by Decree 35.288/45. In Brazil, the Agreement of 1945 was approved by Decree-Law 8.286/45, but it was never ratified by the National Congress and was repealed by Law 2.623/55, leaving Brazilians with the rules of the 1943 agreement.
A new agreement between Portugal and Brazil — effective in 1971 in Brazil and in 1973 in Portugal — brought the orthographies slightly closer, removing the written accents responsible for 70% of the divergences between the two official systems and those that marked the unstressed syllable in words derived with the suffix "-mente" or beginning with "-z-", e.g. "sòmente" ("somente", "only"), "sòzinho" ("sozinho", "alone"). Other attempts failed in 1975 — in part due to the period of political upheaval in Portugal, the Revolutionary Process in Progress (PREC) — and in 1986 — due to the reaction elicited in both countries by the suppression of written accents in paroxytone words.
However, according to proponents of reform, the fact that the persistence of two orthographies in the Portuguese language — the Luso-African and the Brazilian — impedes the trans-Atlantic unity of Portuguese and diminishes its prestige in the world — was expressed by the "Preliminary Basis for Unified Portuguese Orthography" in 1988, addressing criticisms directed toward at the proposal of 1986 and leading to the Orthographic Agreement of 1990.
History of the process.
Participants.
For the development of the agreement, from October 6 to 12, 1990, the following delegations met at the Science Academy of Lisbon:
In addition to these, in the Preliminary Basis for Unified Portuguese Orthography of 1988, and in the Convention of the Orthographic Unification of Portuguese, formed in the Brazilian Academy of Letters in Rio de Janeiro from May 6 to 12, 1986, the following were also present: Maria Luísa Dolbeth e Costa (Angola); Abgar Renault, Adriano da Gama Kury, Austregésilo de Athayde, Celso Cunha, Eduardo Portella, Francisco de Assis Balthar Peixoto de Vasconcellos and José Olympio Rache de Almeida (Brazil); Corsino Fortes (Cape Verde); Paulo Pereira (Guinea-Bissau); Luís Filipe Pereira (Mozambique); Maria de Lourdes Belchior Pontes and Mário Quarin Graça (Portugal).
Agreement and amendment protocols.
In Article III, the Orthographic Agreement of 1990 scheduled its taking effect for January 1, 1994, following the ratification of all members. However, as only Portugal (on August 23, 1991), Brazil (on April 18, 1995), and Cape Verde have ratified the document, its complete implementation is pending.
On July 17, 1998, in Praia, Cape Verde, an "Amending Protocol for the Portuguese Language Orthographic Agreement" was signed that retracted the deadline from the original text, although it remained necessary for all signatories to ratify the agreement before it took effect. Once again, only the dignitaries of Brazil, Portugal, and Cape Verde approved this protocol.
In June 2004, the heads of state and government of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries (CPLP), gathered in Sao Tome and Principe, approved a "Second Amending Protocol for the Orthographic Agreement" that, apart from permitting the addition of East Timor, provided that, instead of ratification by all countries, ratification by three members would suffice for it to take effect.
Vasco Graça Moura, writer and former member of the European Parliament, the best-known of the agreement's detractors, maintains that the Second Amending Protocol, like any other international convention, only obligates its implementation in each country if it is ratified by all signatories, something that has not yet occurred. In other words, only after all countries ratify the treaty are they obligated to implement the changes domestically after ratification by three members. The rationality of a legal treaty that obliges a country to adopt another treaty if approved by third countries is disputed. This argument of the 2004 ratification's purported illegality was questioned by lawyer and European Parliament member Vital Moreira.
Brazil ratified the Second Amending Protocol in October 2004, as did Cape Verde in April 2005. On November 17, 2006, Sao Tome and Principe ratified the treaty and its amending protocols, fulfilling the provisions of this protocol.
Angola has not yet signed the agreement and has asked other PALOP countries to support it in discussions on various points of that accord with Portugal.
Changes.
The adoption of the new orthography will cause changes in the spelling of about 1.6% of the words in the European norm (official also in Africa, Asia and Oceania) and about 0.5% in the Brazilian norm. The table below illustrates typical differences between the two orthographies currently in use.
According to the vocabulary developed in 2008 by the Institute of Theoretical and Computational Linguistics (Lisbon) from the database language MorDebe with 135,000 words, the percentage of words affected (simple words that are not inflected entries in dictionary or vocabulary) amounts to nearly 4% in the European standard. However, this figure includes both words that have changes in spelling, such as variants that are to be legally valid across CPLP.
The 1990 orthographic agreement proposes the elimination of the letters "c" and "p" from the European/African spelling whenever they are silent, the elimination of the diaeresis mark (ü) from the Brazilian spelling, and the elimination of the acute accent from the diphthongs "éi" and "ói" in paroxytone words. As for divergent spellings such as "anónimo" and "anônimo", "facto" and "fato", both will be considered legitimate, according to the dialect of the author or person being transcribed. The agreement also establishes some common guidelines for the use of hyphens and capitalization, the former still to be developed and fixed in a common vocabulary.
It will also add three letters (K, W, and Y) to the Portuguese alphabet, making it equal to the ISO basic Latin alphabet.
The following table makes a comparison between the two orthographies currently in use, and the former Brazilian orthography:
Enacting.
This spelling reform was meant to go into effect after all signatory countries had ratified it, but at the end of the decade only Brazil, Cape Verde, and Portugal had done so, so the agreement could not go into effect.
At the July 2004 summit of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries (including East Timor), São Tomé and Príncipe ratified the agreement, and a modification was made to the text, allowing the reform to go forward in those countries which had already ratified it, and accepting the official orthographies in the other countries as legitimate in the meantime; however, this was to happen after a transition period which was not defined.
The old orthographies continue to predominate in their respective countries until ratification of the 1990 Agreement. Brazil changed on January 1, 2009.
The changes were accepted by Equatorial Guinea, which adopted Portuguese as one of its official languages on July 13, 2007.
In Portugal the change was signed into law on July 21, 2008 by the President allowing for a 6-year transitional period, during which both orthographies will co-exist. On January 1, 2012 the government adopted the spelling reform in official documents and in the Diário da República. Adoption in the independent press is not yet fully implemented: of the ten most sold newspapers, three have not done so yet, although all television networks and most of the publishers adopted the reform promptly long before the deadline.

</doc>
<doc id="20849703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849703" title="Nives Celzijus">
Nives Celzijus

Nives Celzijus Drpić (born Nives Zeljković on 18 December 1981) is a Croatian socialite, model, singer and writer. She is a current columnist for German "Bild" magazine and the wife of the football player Dino Drpić.
Personal and media life.
Nives Celzijus is married to NK Rijeka football player Dino Drpić, with whom she has two children, Leon and Taiša. The two have been named "David and Victoria Beckham of Baden" in Germany. As a guest of Serbian RTV Pink show "Ami G Show" on 22 January 2009, Celzijus stated she and her husband had sex on empty Stadion Maksimir, a statement which attracted a lot of media attention. Although it was recently reported she was pregnant again, Celzijus denied those rumours. In October 2009 she was sentenced by the Municipal Criminal Court for defamation, after she stated in an interview for Serbian "Playboy" magazine her father, Slovenian writer Anej Sam, mentally abused her.
In 2008 Nives and husband Dino made headlines across Europe in a bizarre story. While vacationing on the Croatian island of Krk, their son Leone was mistakenly identified as the abducted UK girl Madeleine McCann, who was last seen in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20849713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849713" title="Jürgen Hildebrand">
Jürgen Hildebrand

Jürgen Hildebrand (born July 24, 1948) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Halle an der Saale.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored one goal.
He played for the "SC Dynamo Berlin"/ "Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo". He won the silver medal at the world championships, 1974. 

</doc>
<doc id="20849733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849733" title="Klaus Langhoff">
Klaus Langhoff

Klaus Langhoff (born December 5, 1939) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Rostock.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849740" title="Leonel Altobelli">
Leonel Altobelli

Leonel Víctor Altobelli (born 20 July 1986 in Roque Sáenz Peña, Chaco) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Buriram United in the Thai Premier League.
Career.
Altobelli made his debut on December 3, 2004 for Tigre. In August 2009, he was loaned to Albacete Balompié. However, after one season he returned to Tigre. In the second half of 2011, he was transferred to Independiente Rivadavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20849745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849745" title="El Paisano Hotel">
El Paisano Hotel

El Paisano Hotel is a historic hotel located in Marfa, Texas, United States. The hotel was designed by Trost & Trost and opened in 1930. The hotel may be best known as the location headquarters for the cast and crew of the film "Giant" (1956) for six weeks in the summer of 1955 The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1, 1978.
The El Paisano Hotel was built by Charles N. Bassett of El Paso. It was designed by Henry C. Trost of Trost & Trost of El Paso, Texas in a Spanish Revival style. The hotel is a "U" shape plan with a fifty by fifty foot courtyard with a large fountain in the center. 
The main customers of the El Paisano during the 1930s and 1940s were area cattle ranchers who came to Marfa to buy and sell their herds, and tourists who came to West Texas for the benefits of the dry desert air. 
In 1955, George Stevens and a Warner Bros film crew came to Presidio County to film "Giant". The El Paisano Hotel served as base of operations for the months during which time the film was being shot in the surrounding countryside. Stevens stayed at the El Paisano Hotel as did the 300 plus members of the cast and crew who included: James Dean, Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson, Sal Mineo, Chill Wills, and Jane Withers among others. 
The hotel began to go into decline in the 1960s and 1970s. El Paisano Properties Corp. bought the property in the late 1970s and converted the hotel's 65 rooms into 9 timeshare condominiums. Although 800 timeshare units were sold, the owners eventually abandoned the business and Presidio County foreclosed on the property for back taxes. Joe and Lanna Duncan purchased the property at auction for $185,000 in March 2001. After three years of renovations, the hotel reopened with 33 rooms and suites available for the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20849751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849751" title="Peter Larisch">
Peter Larisch

Peter Larisch (born September 13, 1950) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Goldberg.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played one match and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849757" title="William J. J. Gordon">
William J. J. Gordon

William J. J. Gordon (September 9, 1919 – June 30, 2003) was an inventor and psychologist. He is recognized as the creator of a problem solving approach called synectics, which he developed while working in the Invention Design Group of Arthur D. Little.
Gordon also held numerous United States patents for various products and services, including a rotatable multiple tool support unit (No. 2,743,746 – May 1, 1956), a catamenail device (No. 2,879,769 – March 31, 1959), an impact tool (No. 2,974,651 – March 14, 1961), artificial snow (No. 3,020,811 – February 13, 1962), a dispenser (No. 3,035,299 – May 22, 1962), a boat fender (No. 3,055,335 – September 25, 1962), an apparatus for continuous restaurant counter place mats (No. 3,092,045 – June 4, 1963), a lipstick container (No. 3,737,241 – June 5, 1973), and an animal track teaching method (No. 4,204,705 – May 27, 1980).
Built in 1843 by lexicographer and dictionary author Joseph Emerson Worcester on what was originally part of the Vassall-Craigie Estate, Gordon’s 7,150-square-foot, 15-room home on Brattle Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts was purchased by London art historian Margaret Koster and her husband, Joseph Koerner, in 2006.
Gordon attended the University of Pennsylvania in 1937 and 1938, but according to the university archives, did not receive a degree. He was also the youngest son of Nathan H. Gordon, the motion picture executive.

</doc>
<doc id="20849766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849766" title="USS Mackinac">
USS Mackinac

USS "Mackinac" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20849775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849775" title="Doug Hansen">
Doug Hansen

Douglas William Hansen (December 16, 1928 – September 16, 1999) was an American professional baseball player whose career extended from 1947–1951, 1953–1954 and 1956. All but three games of his 728-game professional career were in minor league baseball. He appeared in three Major League contests as a pinch runner for the Cleveland Indians and scored two runs.
Hansen was an infielder by trade. Born in Los Angeles, California, he stood tall, weighed and threw and batted right-handed. In September 1950, he made his three pinch-running appearances for Cleveland. In his first game, an extra-inning contest against the Chicago White Sox on September 4, he pinch run for Indians pitcher Early Wynn — who had reached base as a pinch hitter. Hansen failed to score as Chicago won, 3–1. In his next two appearances, on September 7 and 11, each time running for veteran catcher Birdie Tebbetts, Hansen scored his two MLB runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20849778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849778" title="Udo Röhrig">
Udo Röhrig

Udo Röhrig (born June 2, 1943) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Groß-Ottersleben.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored seven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849801" title="Colombian Red Cross Society">
Colombian Red Cross Society

Colombian Red Cross Society has its headquarters in Bogotá, Colombia.
History.
Formation.
The Colombian Red Cross Society was formed in July 30, 1930, in the theater of Colón in the city of Bogotá, Colombia. The initiative was led by Doctor Hipólito Machado, member of the National Academy of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20849803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849803" title="Karl III (TV series)">
Karl III (TV series)

Karl III is a Norwegian sitcom that aired on TV 2 in 2009. It is a sequel to "Mot i brøstet" and "Karl & Co". Upon its release it was heavily criticized by both critics and viewers for departing from the series' original style. It was cancelled after the first series finished airing.
Cast.
Regulars:
Plot.
The plot revolves around Karl Reverud, now a wealthy man, who has moved to Aker Brygge with his wife Agnes Marie and his butler Roy.
Production.
Shooting of "Karl III" started in 2008, and a total of 12 episodes was ordered for the first season. The first episode premiered on TV 2 on February 23, 2009. Unlike "Mot i brøstet" and "Karl & Co", "Karl III" was filmed without a live audience. The show was cancelled after its first season due to low ratings and negative reviews from both media and viewers.
Reception.
The show was met with universally negative reviews, getting an average of 2 out of six stars. It was also slaughtered by the viewers in polls. Ultimately, along with low ratings, this led to the series' cancellation.

</doc>
<doc id="20849804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849804" title="Josef Rose">
Josef Rose

Josef Rose (born March 16, 1943) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Trautenbach.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches and scored four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849818" title="Albert Woodworth">
Albert Woodworth

Albert Woodworth (April 7, 1843 - June 24, 1908) was an American businessman and member of the Woodworth political family.
Early life.
Woodworth was born in Dorchester, New Hampshire, on April 7, 1843, the son of George Woodworth, whose own father, Sylvanus Woodworth, came to New Hampshire from Lebanon, Connecticut with Eleazer Wheelock and was a soldier in the Revolutionary War. When Albert was two years old his family moved to Hebron, New Hampshire, where he attended district schools and eventually the Boscawen Academy. He would then work for D.E. Willard before pursuing his own business interests.
Business and later life.
In 1868, Woodworth ran a general merchandise store in Lisbon, New Hampshire, which also had a tailoring department. After five years he started a retail grocery business, along with his brother Edward B. Woodworth. In 1875, they purchased Hutchins and Company, which dealt in cement, lime, and feed. In 1901 the company was incorporated as Woodworth and Company, in which Albert was the treasurer.
In 1880, Woodworth became part-owner of Moosilauke Mountain Hotel Company, known for the "Tip Top House" hotel. In 1883, Woodworth was one of the incorporators of the Parker and Young company, which would become the United States' largest sound board manufacturer. He was the director of the company at its incorporation, and he became president in 1895.
Woodworth was a member of the Sons of the American Revolution, was President of the Board of Trustees of the Margaret Pillsbury General Hospital from 1889 to 1894, trustee of the Episcopal Diocese of New Hampshire, a member of St. Paul's Church (Concord) where he was vestryman, and trustee of the Holderness School. He was a member of the Concord Board of Trade, the Wonalancet Club, the New Hampshire Club of Boston, and the Appalachian Mountain Club.
Politics.
Politically Woodworth was a Republican. He began his political career as an alderman of the 5th ward in Concord, New Hampshire, serving from 1885 to 1889. In 1893, he was elected to the New Hampshire Legislature, serving a term. In 1897, he was elected as Mayor of Concord.
Family.
Woodworth married Mary Angeline Parker on September 30, 1873. Parker was a graduate of Vassar College and a New Hampshire socialite. She was a member of the Concord school board, president of the Woman's Club from 1897 to 1899, and was twice president of the Boston branch of Vassar Alumnae.
They had three children, including Edward K., who was a Dartmouth College and Harvard Law School graduate, Grace who was a Gilman School graduate, and Charles Parker, a graduate of Dartmouth.
Woodworth was known as a man of action and fair. He died on June 24, 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="20849821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849821" title="Young Pillars">
Young Pillars

"Young Pillars" was a single-panel gag strip written and drawn by Charles M. Schulz from 1956 to 1965 for the "Youth" Magazine published by the Church of God. The comic featured teenagers, most notably "Harold", and most were religiously themed.
The strips were frequently rerun, sometimes with edited captions.
Schulz made five additional, similar gag panels which ran (with one rerun from "Youth") in the magazine "Reach" in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20849830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849830" title="1966 Purdue Boilermakers football team">
1966 Purdue Boilermakers football team

The 1966 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented the Purdue University in the 1966 college football season. The Boilermakers, led by future NFL quarterback Bob Griese, won the . 
Season.
Griese led Purdue to a second place finish in the Big Ten Conference and the school's first appearance in the , where they defeated USC, 14-13. The Boilermakers were actually the runner-ups behind Michigan State, but got the Rose Bowl berth because of the Big Ten's "no-repeat" rule of the time. Griese was a two-time All-American at Purdue and was the runner-up to Steve Spurrier for the 1966 Heisman Trophy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20849837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849837" title="Wilfried Hartung">
Wilfried Hartung

Wilfried Hartung (born 16 August 1953) is a retired German swimmer. Born in East Berlin, East Germany, he competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay in 1972. He is the divorced husband of two-time silver Olympic swimmer Gabriele Wetzko.
European championships.
At the 1970 European Aquatics Championships he finished in sixth place in the 400 m freestyle. The East German 4×200 m freestyle relay team, of which he was part, won the bronze medal. At the 1974 European Aquatics Championships his team won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.
Summer Olympics.
In 1972 he competed in the 100 m, 200 m, 4×100 m and 4×200 m freestyle events. His team won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m relay. In 1976 he was part of the East German 4×200 m freestyle team that was placed fifth.
World championships.
At the 1973 FINA World Aquatics Championships, Hartung competed in the 4×200 m freestyle relay and finished in fourth place. In 1975, he was part of two relay teams: 4×100 m, in which East Germany got sixth place, and 4×200 m, in which his team finished fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="20849842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849842" title="Jack Hardy (catcher)">
Jack Hardy (catcher)

John Doolittle Hardy (June 23, 1877 – October 20, 1921) was a catcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Cleveland Naps, Chicago Cubs, and Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="20849855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849855" title="Klaus Weiß">
Klaus Weiß

Klaus Weiß (November 20, 1944 – June 2000) was an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Breslau.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20849867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849867" title="Caught in the Trees">
Caught in the Trees

Caught in the Trees is a 2008 album released by Indie rock musician Damien Jurado. It is his eighth full length album release.
Pitchfork Media gave the album a favorable review, calling it "a rock solid outing from backing bandmates Jenna Conrad and Eric Fisher supporting some of Jurado's best songwriting to date". "Paste Magazine" also praised the album, writing that it "alternates between lean, biting folk-rock and haunting ballads that seem to float up from deep, dark wells. With his pair of bandmate friends by his side, he sounds less alone than ever before, and Conrad's pliant harmonies are a great boon."
Everything Trying was featured in La Grande Bellezza, an Italian movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20849873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849873" title="2009 Atlético Nacional season">
2009 Atlético Nacional season

The 2009 season for Atlético Nacional is their 61st season in the Primera A. The season highlights include the signing of new international players and the new manager Luis Fernando Suárez, who won a championship with Atl. Nacional in 1999. Adidas replaced replaced marathon as the kit-manufacturer; this will increase the team's worldwide exposure. This season they will only participate in Torneo Apertura 2009, Torneo Finalización 2009 and Copa Colombia.
Team kit.
This year Atlético Nacional changed their kit manufacturer to Adidas as their one-year contract with marathon expired. Postobón will still be their shirt sponsor making this year their tenth year sponsoring them.
Current squad.
"As of January 29, 2009"
2009 Transfers.
In:
Out:
Statistics.
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Pre-season.
Friendly matches.
This game was played by the alternate roster of Atlético Nacional since it was played the same day of the match of Copa Cafam. As for Envigado they also played with their alternative team.
Copa Mustang 2009-I.
2009-I Copa Mustang will be the beginning of the new Colombian football tournament for Atlético Nacional and for all other teams in the Colombian League. The first two games for Atlético Nacional will be played behind closed doors, due to the disturbances made by the fans in the last season's last game against La Equidad. The organization will also have to pay about $5,000 dollars fine. After Atlético Nacional struggling by losing the first six games of the season, finally won their first match against Millonarios by one goal to nothing. On April 22, 2009 manager Luis Fernando Suárez resign from the team after losing against Deportivo Cali by a goal, later on April 23 José Santa would take over the position.
Copa Colombia 2009.
Fixtures & results

</doc>
<doc id="20849879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849879" title="Rainer Würdig">
Rainer Würdig

Rainer Würdig (born April 18, 1947) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Holzdorf.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849894" title="Heidi Andersson">
Heidi Andersson

Heidi Andersson (born 27 February 1981, in the locality of Ensamheten (), Storuman, Sweden) is a Swedish armwrestler. She has won the World Championships in armwrestling nine times. She is married to Swedish biathlete Björn Ferry.

</doc>
<doc id="20849900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849900" title="Patients' Welfare Association">
Patients' Welfare Association

Established in 1979, by three students of Dow Medical College, it soon transformed from being a small student based organization to a much larger movement with much coverage of their humanitarian deeds being publicized by means of local Television channels, Newspaper, Radio as well as their own newsletter which is circulated in their locality.
History.
Patients' Welfare Association was established as a small student based organization by three students of Dow Medical College in 1979, with simple services such as free of cost drugs for needy patients. In the years to come the organization gained much popularity and by 1982 it had gained enough funds and volunteer force to form a blood bank and a Thalassemia Follow-up Clinic. With their influence spreading, in 1986 a diagnostic laboratory was set up.
Services.
With the slogan ""We feel, We serve"," their existence depends on service to the underprivileged segment of society. The organization achieves this by means of several departments which have been built within the vicinity of Civil Hospital, Karachi.
Drug bank.
The Drug 'bank' is a full-fledged pharmacy which covers an area of two thousand square feet and provides drugs to patients free of cost. The drugs are also donated to follow up clinics including Tuberculosis and General follow up.
The functioning of the pharmacy is solely depends on the student volunteers of the PWA.
In 2004 the pharmacy was computerized which upgraded its functionality to a much level of efficiency and organization.
Blood Bank.
The Blood bank provides more than 250 units of blood daily on exchange basis not only to patients of Civil Hospital Karachi, but also extends its services to patients all over the city. All units dispatched are screened for Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, HIV, Syphilis and Malarial Parasite, thus ensuring patient safety. The blood bank also provides blood components such as packed cells, platelets and fresh frozen plasma.
The Blood Bank has also started the service of providing mega unit of platelets to patients of Civil Hospital Karachi,completely free of cost.
Diagnostic Laboratory.
PWA Diagnostic Laboratory provides baseline biochemical and haematological tests to the registered patients of PWA Thalassemia Services and PWA Follow Up Clinics. The Laboratory also provides facility of Complete Blood Count with Peripheral Film Study by a Consultant Haematologist for the admitted patients of Civil Hospital Karachi.
Thalassemia Services.
Previously working under the 'Follow Up Clinics', PWA Thalassemia Services was upgraded to a separate department with the start of transfusion facility for registered Thalassemia patients in 2011. The department has got 275 registered patients suffering from Thalassemia, a hereditary blood disorder. These patients are receiving regular blood transfusions and consultations by a qualified Haematologist along with regular diagnostic investigations, Due to shortage of funds, only 100 registered patients are currently being provided with Iron chelation therapy as well. efforts are under-way to collect funds and start provision of Iron chelation therapy to all registered patients. The cost of treatment of one patients suffering from this lifelong disease is Pakistani Rs. 100,000 - Rs. 400,000 depending upon the age and blood transfusion needs of the patient. PWA Thalassemia Services is providing all these facilities completely free of any charge.
Follow up Clinics.
This department provides medicine, free of cost, to patients suffering from Tuberculosis. The services provided include regular check-ups by qualified doctors and complete nine to twelve month medicinal courses.
Other than the Thalassemia and Tuberculosis specific department the general follow-up clinic provides medicine to patients suffering from various diseases and who need constant treatment.
Other events.
The Patients' Welfare Association holds many events; from fund raising activities to seminars concerning local medical issues. One of their main fund raising events is an annual ‘Food Mela', a bake sale of colossal magnitude, where funds more than one million rupees have been gathered in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="20849903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849903" title="Spec Harkness">
Spec Harkness

Frederick Harvey "Spec" Harkness (December 13, 1887 – May 16, 1952) was a professional baseball pitcher. In his nine-year career, he won 111 games, including 12 in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Naps. Harkness was 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighed 180 pounds.
Career.
Harkness was born in Los Angeles, California, in 1887. He started his professional baseball career in 1908 with the Northwestern League's Butte Miners. That season, he had a win–loss record of 22-15 and led the league in wins. He was drafted by the Pacific Coast League's Portland Beavers, and in 1909 he went 29-21, posting a 1.95 earned run average in a career-high 434 innings pitched.
Harkness joined the Cleveland Naps for the 1910 season. During his first campaign in the major leagues, he appeared in 26 games, including 16 starts, and went 10-7 with a 3.04 ERA. In 1911, his ERA rose to 4.22, and the Naps waived him in July. Harkness then returned to the Beavers. He played the next two seasons for them and had two losing records. In 1913, he went to the Venice Tigers and stayed with that team for two seasons.
Harkness played in the Northwestern League in 1915. He pitched a no-hitter on May 20 but finished the year with a record of 8-18. That was the last full season of his career, though he did pitch in four PCL games in 1921. Overall, he won 99 games and lost 94 in the minor leagues.
In 1933, Harkness was on an "Old Timers" team that barnstormed across the country, playing exhibition games. He died in Compton, California, in 1952 and was buried in Calvary Cemetery in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20849918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849918" title="Rainer Zimmermann">
Rainer Zimmermann

Rainer Zimmermann (born May 2, 1942) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Glogau.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20849935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849935" title="Odeonsplatz">
Odeonsplatz

The Odeonsplatz is a large square in central Munich which was developed in the early 19th century by Leo von Klenze and is at the southern end of the Ludwigstraße, developed at the same time. The square is named for the former concert hall, the Odeon, on its southwestern side. The name Odeonsplatz has come to be extended to the "parvis" (forecourt) of the Residenz, in front of the Theatine Church and terminated by the Feldherrnhalle, which lies to the south of it. The square was the scene of a fatal gun battle which ended the march on the Feldherrnhalle during the 1923 Beer Hall Putsch.
Location and buildings.
The Odeonsplatz is located north of the Old Town, on the border between Altstadt-Lehel (to the east) and Maxvorstadt (to the west). On the west side, which is set back from the line of the Ludwigstraße, are the Odeon (1826–28, now the Bavarian Ministry of the Interior) and the identical Palais Leuchtenberg (1817–21, now the Bavarian State Ministry of Finance), both modelled on the Palazzo Farnese in Rome. On the east side is Klenze's Bazaar Building, including the Café Tambosi. Between the two buildings on the west side, an unnamed street leads to the Palais Ludwig Ferdinand (1825–26, now the headquarters of Siemens). Both this street and the Brienner Straße, which begins at the south end of the square, lead to the adjacent Wittelsbacherplatz, also designed by Klenze.
The Feldherrnhalle is a copy of the famous Loggia dei Lanzi in Florence.
The Odeonsplatz is served by the U Bahn station of the same name and by the "Museenlinie" (museum line) of the Munich bus system. Since 1972, the southern end of the square has been part of the central Munich pedestrian zone.
History.
As early as 1790, plans were made in connection with the removal of the old city walls to replace the Schwabing Gate ("Schwabinger Tor") with a new square and to make the beginning of the route from the Residenz to Nymphenburg Palace (the Fürstenweg, now Brienner Straße) more impressive. The current form of the square and the "parvis" to the south of it was determined by King Ludwig I of Bavaria, who in 1816, while still Crown Prince, commissioned Klenze to lay out the whole of the Ludwigstraße, including the square at its southern end. The Italianate neo-classical style of the first building, the Palais Leuchtenberg, set the tone, and unlike earlier plans by Friedrich Ludwig von Sckell which had featured buildings surrounded by a parklike setting, Klenze created an enclosed urban square to better fit with the adjacent Old Town. However, the Feldherrnhalle, erected to close the view at the southern end on the site of the demolished gate, was commissioned from Klenze's rival Friedrich von Gärtner in 1840–41. As the building of the square continued, the project expanded to include the new Ludwigstraße; originally it had been intended as a central square. As a result, the obelisk in memory of the Bavarian troops who had died fighting with Napoleon in his Russian campaign was instead erected in the Karolinenplatz in 1833. In 1862 an equestrian statue of Ludwig I was added at the mouth of the street between the Odeon and the Palais Leuchtenberg; it was designed by Ludwig von Schwanthaler and executed by Max von Widnmann.
The Odeonsplatz has traditionally been an important site of parades and public events, including funeral processions (most recently for Franz Josef Strauss in 1988), victory parades (most recently for the Bavarian troops who took part in the Franco-Prussian War of 1871), which proceeded down the Ludwigstraße to the Feldherrnhalle, with the VIP rostrum usually being located at the statue of Ludwig I. The annual parade to the Oktoberfest still follows this route.
According to many historians, this traditional function was the reason for the Nazi march on the Feldherrnhalle on 9 November 1923 in the course of the Beer Hall Putsch, which ended in a gunfight in which four state police officers and 16 Nazis were killed. During the Third Reich, the annual memorial march passed through the square and continued to the Königsplatz, where the Nazi fallen had been interred. A memorial was erected for them to the east of the Feldherrnhalle, which all passersby were required to honour with the Hitler salute; this was demolished in 1945 and the four police officers remembered with a plaque in the pavement and in 2010 with one on the wall of the Residenz.
Together with the Marienplatz, the Odeonsplatz remains an important site for both civic events and demonstrations.

</doc>
<doc id="20849953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849953" title="Aller Retour New York">
Aller Retour New York

Aller Retour New York is a novel by American writer Henry Miller, published in 1935 by Obelisk Press in Paris, France.
Published after his breakthrough book "Tropic of Cancer", "Aller Retour New York" takes the form of a long letter from Miller to his friend Alfred Perlès in Paris. In the book Miller describes his experiences on a trip back to New York City, his birthplace, in pursuit of his sometime lover Anaïs Nin, who had left Paris for New York in the company of psychoanalyst Otto Rank. When Nin returned to Paris after a few months, Miller did so as well, with this book as his record of the visit.
Literary critic Shaun O'Connell describes the book as "a litany of [Miller's] disenchantment with America," and Miller's view of New York as "the symbolic center of American corruption." Miller paints an unpleasant picture of a New York that, in Miller's eyes, is distinctly inferior to Paris.
The book went out of print after 1945, but was reprinted by New Directions Publishing in 1991 (and in a 1993 paperback edition). A critic for the British newspaper "The Independent" commented on the book's "blustering misogyny" and "racial swipes of the kind common to much pre-war American literature" but also observed that it had "some arresting moments." Writing for "Entertainment Weekly", critic Margot Mifflin described the book as a "springboard" for Miller's 1939 novel "Tropic of Capricorn", "an uproarious critique of America" presaging Miller's 1945 book "The Air-Conditioned Nightmare", and "a central document of Miller's picaresque life." 

</doc>
<doc id="20849954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849954" title="Amino acid neurotransmitter">
Amino acid neurotransmitter

An amino acid neurotransmitter is a chemical substance which is able to transmit a nerve message across a synapse. Neurotransmitters (chemicals) are packaged into vesicles that cluster beneath the axon terminal membrane on the presynaptic side of a synapse in a process called endocytosis. Amino acid neurotransmitter release (exocytosis) is dependent upon calcium Ca2+ and is a presynaptic response. There are inhibitory amino acids (IAA) or excitatory amino acids (EAA). Some EAA are L-Glutamate, L-Aspartate, L-Cysteine, and L-Homocysteine. These neurotransmitter systems will activate post-synaptic cells. Some IAA include GABA, Glycine, β-Alanine, and Taurine. The IAA depress the activity of post-synaptic cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20849981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849981" title="Mary Jane Thurston State Park">
Mary Jane Thurston State Park

Mary Jane Thurston State Park is a Ohio state park in Wood and Henry Counties, Ohio in the United States. It is named for Mary Jane Thurston, a schoolteacher from Grand Rapids, Ohio who bequeathed of land for the establishment of a park. The park is along the Maumee River near the remains of the historic Miami and Erie Canal. Mary Jane Thurston State Park is open for year-round recreation including, hunting, fishing and boating, picnicking, camping and hiking.
History.
Mary Jane Thurston State Park is along the Maumee river near Grand Rapids, OH. This area has played a key role in the history of northwest Ohio. The rivers provided a travel route for numerous Indian tribes including the Iroquois, Miami, Lenape, Ottawa, Erie, Wyandot, and Shawnee. Anglo-American explorers were also drawn to the rivers for many of the same reasons as the Native Americans. It provided a reliable source of water as well as an abundance of fish and game.
President George Washington dispatched General Anthony Wayne and his army to the Northwest Territory to put down an Indian uprising, led by the Shawnee leader Blue Jacket. Wanye built Fort Defiance and defeated Blue Jacket at the Battle of Fallen Timbers. After the Native Americans were driven out and west, the land was opened to settlement by Anglo-Americans. Homesteaders arrived soon after. They cleared the land and began farming.
The Miami and Erie and Wabash and Erie Canals passed through an area now included in the park. The canals connected the Ohio River with Lake Erie. Cities such as Defiance grew along the banks of the canal. They developed into trade and industrial centers. The canal system thrived for about thirty years in the mid to late 19th century before they were replaced the railroads.
There were challenges keeping enough water in the canals during the 1840s. The state of Ohio built a large dam across the Maumee River at Gilead in 1845. This dam replaced a smaller dam that had been built to provide power to a mill. This act outraged the citizens of Gilead since the new dam restricted the water power provided to the mill. The upset residents of the community destroyed the dam. Following the destruction of the dam a side cut canal was built that connected Gilead with the main canal. This caused an economic boom in Gilead and the village was incorporated as Grand Rapids in 1855.
The first of the Mary Jane Thurston State Park were donated by the park's namesake, Mary Jane Thurston. She was a teacher in Grand Rapids. Thurston donated her land in 1928 and over a period of 40 years land surrounding the Thurston plot was acquired. Mary Jane Thurston, which is , was opened to the public in 1968.
Geography.
Mary Jane Thurston State Park is in the Maumee Valley. This valley was formerly covered by Lake Maumee which was a remnant of the last ice age. The lake stretched from what is now Fort Wayne, Indiana to western New York state. The waters from Lake Maumee eventually shifted creating Lake Erie and the Maumee Valley was formed. 
The Maumee Valley has been changed tremendously since it was settled after the Northwest Indian War. It was in the middle of the Great Black Swamp which was 30 to wide and about long. It was a heavily forested area that was home to massive sycamore trees that were converted into barns and in some cases homes. Oak and tulip trees were mixed in with the sycamore and walnut. Nearly every tree was cut in less than 100 years after the settlement of Ohio.
The Maumee Valley was one of the last areas of Ohio to be cleared. The swampy ground made it difficult for settlers to enter. The swamp was drained between 1859 and 1875 with a series of ditches and drains. Nearly of land were cleared after the swamps were emptied. The region was covered with farms, as it is today, by 1885. Only six percent of the Maumee Valley is now covered with forests, some of this land is in Mary Jane Thurston State Park and up and down the Maumee River from the park.
Recreation.
Mary Jane Thurston State Park is open for year round recreation. There are 35 campsites at the park. All campsites come equipped with picnic tables and fire rings. There is a public restroom facility in the camping area. The Maumee River is open to all types of boating with two launch ramps at the park. Hunting and fishing are both permitted at the park. Common game animals include White-tailed deer and Wild Turkeys. The river is home to a variety of fresh water fish species including, northern pike, bullhead catfish, smallmouth bass and crappie. All hunters and anglers must have a valid license issued by the state. Numerous picnic tables are spread throughout the park. The Buckeye Trail passes through Mary Jane Thurston State Park for one mile (1.6 km).

</doc>
<doc id="20849994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20849994" title="Harry Zörnack">
Harry Zörnack

Harry Zörnack (born March 8, 1939) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in the Free City of Danzig.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20850019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850019" title="Dave Cianelli">
Dave Cianelli

David "Dave" Cianelli is a former American football player. He was drafted in the sixth round of the 1952 NFL Draft by the Dallas Texans.
Biography.
Dave Cianelli was born in St. Cloud, Florida and served in the United States Marine Corps during the Second World War. After the war, he attended the University of Maryland, where he played football as a linebacker and fullback. In 1951, he was named an honorable mention All-American. Cianelli served as team co-captain alongside Bob Ward during the Terrapins' 1952 Sugar Bowl upset victory over "General" Neyland's number-one ranked Tennessee.
Cianelli later worked in Washington, D.C. as a lobbyist for Bethlehem Steel. He has since retired and is living in Allen, Texas.
Dave Cianelli has three children, two sons and a daughter. His son, Dave Cianelli, is currently the Virginia Tech track & field coach, and was named the 2007 ACC Coach of the Year for both indoor and outdoor track. 

</doc>
<doc id="20850041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850041" title="Billy Harris (baseball)">
Billy Harris (baseball)

James William Harris (born November 24, 1943 in Hamlet, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 1968 and the Kansas City Royals in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20850046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850046" title="Centre Commercial Bab Ezzouar">
Centre Commercial Bab Ezzouar

The Centre Commercial Bab Ezzouar () is a shopping mall in Algiers, Algeria. 
The construction of the Centre Commercial Bab Ezzouar was in charge of the Swiss group Jelmoli [http://www.jelmoliholding.ch/fr/]. The Construction began in May 2007 and was planned for completion in November 2008; however, after problems arose the mall opening was delayed until July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20850060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850060" title="Josef Karrer">
Josef Karrer

Josef Karrer (born March 3, 1939) is a West German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Großwallstadt.
In 1972 he was part of the West German team which finished sixth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20850077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850077" title="Robert Butts">
Robert Butts

Robert Butts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20850081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850081" title="Bubba Harris (baseball)">
Bubba Harris (baseball)

Charles "Bubba" Harris (February 15, 1926 in Sulligent, Alabama - January 12, 2013 in Nobleton, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics from 1948 to 1949 and in 1951, and the Cleveland Indians in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20850082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850082" title="Cyfluthrin">
Cyfluthrin

Cyfluthrin is a synthetic pyrethroid insecticide and common household pesticide. It is a complex organic compound and the commercial product is sold as a mixture of isomers. Like most pyrethroids, it is highly toxic to fish, invertebrates, and insects, but it is far less toxic to humans. It is generally supplied as a 10-25% liquid concentrate for commercial use and is diluted prior to spraying onto agricultural crops and outbuildings.
Safety.
In rats, the s are 500, 800 (oral), and 600 (skin) mg/kg.
Excessive exposure can cause nausea, headache, muscle weakness, salivation, shortness of breath and seizures. In humans, it is deactivated by enzymatic hydrolysis to several carboxylic acid metabolites, whose urinary excretion half-lives are in a range of 5–7 hours. Worker exposure to the chemical can be monitored by measurement of the urinary metabolites, while severe overdosage may be confirmed by quantification of cyfluthrin in blood or plasma.
Health and safety risks are controlled by right to know laws that exist in most developed countries. Cyfluthrin is regulated in the US by the EPA.
Commercial use.
Cyfluthrin is used in insecticidal sprays such as Temprid (Bayer) which uses a combination of  (beta-) cyfluthrin and imidacloprid.

</doc>
<doc id="20850090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850090" title="National Conference League Division 3">
National Conference League Division 3

The National Conference League Division 3 was the fourth division in the National Conference League. Between 2003 and 2006, it was known as National League Three and between 2007 and 2011, it was the Rugby League Conference National Division.
History.
National League Three.
The original intention had been to create a pyramid of four divisions from Super League down to National League Four. National League Three was to consist of British Amateur Rugby League Association (BARLA) teams wishing to play in the summer whilst National League Four would be made up of Rugby League Conference teams. A system of promotion and relegation between National Leagues Three and the semi-professional National League Two was to be gradually introduced. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/rugby_league/1844899.stm However, there were insufficient applicants for a separate National League Three and National League Four, thus the two leagues were merged into a combined National League Three. 
National League Three was founded with ten clubs; six (Teesside Steelers, Manchester Knights, Coventry Bears, Hemel Stags, St Albans Centurions and South London Storm (replacing Crawley Jets who elected to remain in the Rugby League Conference before the season started) came from the Rugby League Conference and four came from BARLA leagues (Bradford Dudley Hill, Sheffield Hillsborough Hawks and Warrington Woolston Rovers (now Warrington Wizards) came from the National Conference League and Huddersfield Underbank Rangers came from the Pennine League).[http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/sport/other-sports/2003/01/10/league-given-new-format-100252-12520728/] The league was split into two regions with sides playing everyone in their region twice and those outside once except for one cross-region team they played twice giving 14 fixtures. 
The 2004 season saw an expansion to fourteen teams with Birmingham Bulldogs, Carlisle Centurions and Essex Eels elected from the Rugby League Conference. Bramley Buffaloes, was admitted as a new club, though they can also be considered as a reincarnation of the previous Bramley club, which had long played in the professional leagues. Gateshead Storm also entered as late replacements for the defunct Teesside Steelers. The season was extended to twenty games starting a move towards a full season. Manchester Knights resigned from the league a few games before the end of the season.
Prior to the 2005 season South London Storm announced that they were joining the new Rugby League Conference South Premier Division and Manchester Knights decided to enter the Rugby League Conference Central Premier (though they were replaced by Dewsbury Celtic after two games). The league went to a home-and-away setup with 22 fixtures. Carlisle Centurions and Birmingham Bulldogs failed to complete the season, Coventry Bears and Essex Eels resigned after the season. Some felt the problems were a result of the change from a semi-regionalised structure to a full home and away set-up. All four of these found their way back into the Rugby League Conference.
Dewsbury Celtic moved up from the Rugby League Conference Central Premier and Featherstone Lions, just a month after failing to finish the season in the National Conference League, were accepted to National League Three to give it ten members for the 2006 season.
A few weeks into the 2006 season Sheffield Hillsborough Hawks withdrew, and Bradford Dudley Hill returned to the National Conference League after the season. St Albans Centurions also decided to join the Rugby League Conference Premier South Division, which left Hemel Stags as the only South of England team in the league.
Rugby League Conference National Division.
In 2007 the National League Three teams were absorbed into the Rugby League Conference, rebranded as the Rugby League Conference National Division with the addition of three new teams from the Rugby League Conference North Premier (Leeds Akkies, Cottingham Phoenix and East Lancashire Lions). It is thought the rebranding was due to the number of teams withdrawing and the number of forfeited fixtures harming the image of the National Leagues as a whole, which was an issue while looking for a new sponsor. The new National Division was much more based around the North of England with Hemel the only non-Northern team. This seemed to add stability to the league and while Cottingham Phoenix were expelled there were no further withdrawals and a much higher fixture fulfilment rate.
The 2008 season saw Crusaders join the league for one season as they launched their Colts academy team too late to make the deadline for the reserves league. Liverpool Buccaneers also joined the league while Leeds Akkies dropped down to the Rugby League Conference Premier North. Bramley finished top of the league but the Colts won the Grand Final. During this season there were no withdrawals from the league and like the previous season a high fixture fulfilment rate.
In 2009, the league saw its first significant expansion since the name change, with Nottingham Outlaws making their debut and Carlisle Centurions returning to the league while Celtic Crusaders Colts joined the Super League Reserve grade and the Gilette National Youth League (older players in the former, Under 18s in the latter).
The National Division in 2010 saw Kippax Knights join the ranks following their elevation after winning the Yorkshire Premier title in 2009, with Gateshead Storm moving to the North East competition (where they merged with Newcastle Knights) and East Lancashire Lions taking a season’s sabbatical to secure a new home base (they resurfaced as Accrington & Leyland Lions in the North West Premier Division in 2011). Carlisle Centurions and Liverpool Buccaneers failed to complete the season in 2010.
2011 was the last National Division and saw the return of 2004 winners Coventry Bears and the return to Wales with Welsh Champions Valley Cougars stepping up. A return to Gateshead with a new team Gateshead Lightning (reserve team for Gateshead Thunder) was intended, but they failed to start the season.
National Conference League Division 3.
With the heartlands' elite National Conference League voting to move to a summer season, the RLC National division became its third division albeit without automatic promotion due to minimum criteria. The division was a one-season only trial by the RFL and NCL to see how amateur clubs coped with travelling all over England and Wales to fulfil fixtures. 
Dewsbury Celtic and Featherstone Lions rejoined the National Conference League in division two, with the eight remaining clubs being joined by two clubs stepping up from the final RLC Premier (Bristol Sonics and St Albans Centurions). Valley Cougars dropped back to the Welsh League after the teams were announced and were replaced by South Wales Hornets (a feeder club for South Wales Scorpions, based in Blackwood). Hemel Stags beat Huddersfield Underbank Rangers 17-10 in the Division 3 Grand Final on 29 September 2012. 
Following the 2012 season, the league was not set to continue in the same format, after Hemel Stags were admitted to Championship 1, Bramley Buffaloes subsequently released a press release claiming that this left them with an uncertain future. Nottingham Outlaws turned down the National Conference League application to join Conference League South along with Bristol Sonics and St Albans Centurions. Bramley Buffaloes and Kippax Knights dropped into the Yorkshire Men's League. Warrington Wizards were absorbed into Woolston Rovers who applied for the National Conference League and South Wales Hornets folded.
2011 Rugby League Conference National Division.
The teams played each other on a home and away basis. The top six teams then entered the end of season play-offs in the same format as the play-offs for the Super League and Championships. The winner of the grand final was awarded the RLC National title.
League standings.
Note: The standings given are from the regular season, thus some teams listed 1st did not go on to win the play-offs (and vice versa).

</doc>
<doc id="20850092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850092" title="1965 Illinois Fighting Illini football team">
1965 Illinois Fighting Illini football team

The 1965 Illinois Fighting Illini football team represented the University of Illinois in the 1965 college football season. It was Pete Elliott’s sixth season as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20850106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850106" title="Oscar Harstad">
Oscar Harstad

Oscar Theander Harstad (May 24, 1892 – November 14, 1985) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in 32 games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1915 Cleveland Indians season. After his baseball career, "Theander" as he was called by his family and friends, became a dentist serving the Milton-Freewater, Oregon, community for over 50 years.
He was born in Parkland, Washington and died in Corvallis, Oregon, at age 93. He was buried at Oaklawn Cemetery in Corvallis.

</doc>
<doc id="20850109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850109" title="Didsbury railway station">
Didsbury railway station

Didsbury railway station is a former station in Didsbury, in the southern suburbs of Manchester, England, United Kingdom. The station was located on Wilmslow Road, just north of the junction with Barlow Moor Road and opposite Didsbury Library. Nothing now remains of the old station buildings, which have been demolished, but the surviving white Portland stone clock tower is a local landmark. The old trackbed remains and there are plans to re-open the line for light rail passenger services as part of the Manchester Metrolink network.
History.
Didsbury Station opened in 1880 when the Midland Railway opened the new which ran from Manchester Central Station.
The Manchester South District line, and consequently Didsbury station, closed in 1967 under the Beeching Axe. For a number of years the station building was used as a hardware store, but after this closed the building fell derelict and was demolished in the early 1980s. The site today is occupied by a row of pubs and cafés. All that remains of the old station is the clock tower and drinking fountain which were erected to the memory of a local doctor and campaigner for the poor, Dr. J. Milson Rhodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20850123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850123" title="Michael Gottlieb Agnethler">
Michael Gottlieb Agnethler

Michael Gottlieb Agnethler (June 10, 1719 – June 15, 1752) was a German botanist and numismatist.
Early life.
Michael Agnethler was born to an aristocratic Transylvanian Saxon family of Hermannstadt (now Sibiu, Romania). The Agnethlers had been of a long, prestigious history, with many local socialites in the region. The name of the family originated from the Saxon town of Agnetheln.
Michael Agnethler was the only son of his family. The father was the principal of a gymnasium. Just after Michael's birth, his father was appointed pastor of Gierelsau (Bradu), so the family moved there, where Michael spent his childhood, then returning to Sibiu to attend school.
Michael Agnethler had been of a weak physical constitution, with difficulty sleeping. An anecdote is known, where Agnethler was frightened in his sleep by a fellow student—who jokingly mumbled "swim, you're drowning" into his ears—with Agnethler amidst a nightmare, moving his arms frantically like swimming.
Career.
Agnethler started his studies of theology at the University of Halle in 1742; other interests included Ancient Rome antiquities and numismatics. Additionally, his physical frailness led him to start studying Medicine.
Agnethler eventually earned a Doctorate of Philosophy in 1750, and of Medicine in 1751. Also in that year, he was given a position at the Akademie der Naturforscher, and soon afterwards became lecturer in Rhetoric, Antiquities, and Poetry at the University of Helmstedt. However, he suffered a severe tuberculosis infection, and died soon thereafter, in 1752.
Michael Gottlieb Agnethler is also known as an entomologist.
Works.
He published a number of works on botany (mostly commentaries on Linnaeus) and on numismatics, the latter including descriptions of the coin collections of Johann Heinrich Schulze and Martin Schmeizel.

</doc>
<doc id="20850133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850133" title="Charles de Cazanove">
Charles de Cazanove

Charles de Cazanove is a Champagne producer based in Reims in the region of Champagne. The house was founded in Avize in 1811 by Charles Gabriel de Cazanove, and was further developed by his botanist son Charles Nicolas de Cazanove who was a leader in the efforts to fight phylloxera.
The house produces approximately 3,000,000 bottles annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20850141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850141" title="Man in the Middle (film)">
Man in the Middle (film)

Man in the Middle is a 1963 film, starring Robert Mitchum and directed by Guy Hamilton. The movie, set in World War II India, tells the story of the murder trial of an American Army officer who killed a British soldier. Mitchum plays Lieut. Col. Barney Adams, who has been assigned as the accused man's defense counsel. The film is also known as The Winston Affair, the title of the novel the film was based on, which was written by Howard Fast.
Plot.
Recovering from a wound in combat, U.S. Army Lt. Col. Barney Adams (Mitchum), a career officer with a law degree and limited trial experience, is assigned to defend Lt. Winston (Wynn), an American officer who has confessed to the murder of a British staff sergeant in India. The commanding general (Sullivan) informs Adams that the army would like the case to quietly go away, and that he should put up as little defense as possible, so that the court can move to a quick conviction. Adams at first acquiesces in that approach.
While investigating the crime, Adams discovers that an army psychiatrist, Dr. Kaufman (Wanamaker), has found that Winston was an insane, paranoid racist, but his report had been suppressed by the army. Adams is torn between giving Winston a vigorous defense on an insanity plea, or letting the army convict and hang him for the sake of U.S.-British relations. His commanding offer makes a thinly-veiled effort to convince Adams to choose the latter.
Encouraged by a nurse (Nuyen), Adams belatedly seeks Kaufman's testimony after he has been transferred to another post. When Kaufman dies in a jeep accident racing to the courtroom to testify, Adams obtains the testimony of the British Army Major Kensington (Howard), who attests to Winston's insanity. Winston's fate is not made clear at the end, however a ranting outburst he makes suggests the court will find him insane. It is insinuated that the efforts by Adams to defend him have damaged his own Army career, perhaps denying him the promotion and advancement he was due for. Nonetheless, Adams has no regrets, saying, "Just because you can't lick 'em doesn't mean you have to join 'em."

</doc>
<doc id="20850153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850153" title="Bridget Parker (equestrian)">
Bridget Parker (equestrian)

Bridget Parker (born 5 January 1939) is an Engliish equestrian and Olympic champion for Great Britain. She won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, and finished tenth in individual eventing. Parker rode a horse named Cornish Gold at the 1972 Olympic Games. The British team gold medal was later called one of the "30 greatest sporting achievements of all time" by Times magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20850158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850158" title="Hyderabad City Police">
Hyderabad City Police

The Hyderabad City Police is the local law enforcement agency for the city of Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh and is headed by the city police commissioner or the Kotwal. According to Bharat Verma, publisher, "Rakshak - The Protector", the present Commissioner of Police, Hyderabad - Mr Anurag Sharma, I.P.S., has brought in a positive perception of the police in people’s minds with his charming way of functioning. The city police traces its origins to 1847 under Hyderabad State.
History.
1847-1948.
The Nizam of Hyderabad used to appoint the Commissioners of Police who were officers of the Hyderabad Civil Service and they used to function during his pleasure. They were answerable to the Nizam directly on various matters of policing in Hyderabad city. However as far as administrative matters were concerned the Commissioner of Police used to correspond with the Home Department directly. The commissioner of Police was popularly called as “KOTWAL” and was responsible for maintenance of law and order, prevention and detection of crime etc.
Reorganization.
Due to rapid increase in population, there has been a steady increase in crime. In view of the above in 1981 the City Police was re-organised, vide G.O.Ms.No.341, Home (Pol.D) Department, dated: 1981-05-30. The following structure was instituted:
Current Structure.
Currently the Hyderabad City Police has 5 Zones.
9 IPS officers transferred 

</doc>
<doc id="20850178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850178" title="Bruce Hartford">
Bruce Hartford

Bruce Daniel Hartford (May 14, 1892 – May 25, 1975) was a Major League Baseball shortstop who played for one season. He played in eight games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1914 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20850206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850206" title="Didsbury Village Metrolink station">
Didsbury Village Metrolink station

Didsbury Village Metrolink station is a stop on the South Manchester Line (SML) of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. Located in central Didsbury in south Manchester, England, the stop was built as part of Phase 3b of the network's expansion, and opened on 23 May 2013 on a section of the former Cheshire Lines Committee railway. 

</doc>
<doc id="20850211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850211" title="Valentin Kulev">
Valentin Kulev

Valentin Kulev (, born July 10, 1948) is a Russian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
In 1972 he was part of the Soviet team which finished fifth. He played all six matches and scored 13 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20850212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850212" title="Ponentina subvirescens">
Ponentina subvirescens

Ponentina subvirescens is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20850222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850222" title="Bob Hartman (baseball)">
Bob Hartman (baseball)

Robert Louis Hartman (August 28, 1937 – June 16, 2010) was an American professional baseball player. He was a left-handed pitcher who appeared in 11 Major League games over two seasons, pitching in three games for the Milwaukee Braves in and eight games for the Cleveland Indians in . The native of Kenosha, Wisconsin, stood tall and weighed .
Hartman signed with his home-state Braves after graduation from Kenosha High School and began his minor league career in 1955. Three years later, he won 20 of 30 decisions for the Double-A Atlanta Crackers, tying for the Southern Association lead in wins and making the league's All-Star team. The following season, with the Triple-A Louisville Colonels, Hartman had another fine season, with a 10–3 win-loss record, and was recalled to the Braves for one game in April and two more in June. He worked in three losing efforts in middle relief and was ineffective in two of them, allowing six hits, five earned runs and two bases on balls in only 1 innings pitched.
He returned to the Braves' farm system until June 24, 1962, when he was recalled from Lousiville and traded to the Indians for infielder Ken Aspromonte. Two days later, he made his first Major League start against the Detroit Tigers in the second game of a twi-night doubleheader. Hartman lasted ten innings, allowed only three hits and one earned run with seven strikeouts, but left for a pinch hitter with the game tied, 1–1. Relief pitcher Gary Bell worked the next two innings and got credit for a 3–1 Cleveland win.
In his next start five days later against the Chicago White Sox, Hartman started well with one run allowed in four innings, but in the fifth, he faced four batters and could not record an out, as Chicago scored three earned runs. Hartman made six more appearances as a relief pitcher for Cleveland in July 1962 before returning to the minor leagues, retiring in 1963 after nine professional seasons.
As a Major Leaguer, he allowed 20 hits and ten bases on balls, with 12 strikeouts, in 19 innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="20850224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850224" title="Mary Gordon-Watson">
Mary Gordon-Watson

Mary Gordon-Watson (born 3 April 1948) is a British equestrian. She was born in Blandford. She won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, and finished fourth in individual eventing. She became European champion in 1969 in individual eventing, and in 1971 she was European champion in team eventing. In 1970 she became World champion in both individual and team eventing.

</doc>
<doc id="20850237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850237" title="Frank V. Ortiz, Jr.">
Frank V. Ortiz, Jr.

Frank Vincent Ortiz, Jr. (1926–2005) was an American diplomat. He was Ambassador of the United States to Barbados, and Grenada as well as Special Representative to Dominica, Saint Lucia, Antigua, St. Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla, and St. Vincent from 1977 to 1979, United States Ambassador to Guatemala from 1979 to 1980, United States Ambassador to Peru from 1981 to 1983, and United States Ambassador to Argentina from 1983 to 1986.
Biography.
Ambassador Ortiz was born to Frank Valencia Ortiz y Barbero (1896–1992) and Margaret Mary Delgado y Garcia de Noriega (1900–1993) in 1926 in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where his family has lived since the 17th century. Both his parents were Democratic politicians. He had one younger sister and one younger brother. 
He graduated from Santa Fe High School. 
At age 17, he went to Washington, D.C. to work as an aide in the United States Senate. In 1945, he joined the United States Air Force and fought in World War II.
He received a B.S. from Georgetown University in 1950, and an M.S. from George Washington University in 1957. He also attended the University of Madrid in 1950, the American University of Beirut in 1952, and the National War College in 1956-1957.
He married Dolores Duke, with whom he had four children. Dolores died in Santa Fe on December 27, 2013 at the age of 88.
Career.
From 1951 to 1953, he worked in the United States Department of State on issues pertaining to Egypt and Sudan. From 1953 to 1955, he was an economic officer in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and a political officer in Mexico City from 1955 to 1957. From 1957 to 1961, he worked as an assistant in the Department of State. From 1967 to 1970, he worked as a political counsellor in Lima, Peru, and as Deputy Chief of Mission in Montevideo, Uruguay from 1970 to 1973. From 1973 to 1975 he worked in the State Department with regards to Argentina, Uruguay, and Paraguay, and became Deputy Executive Secretary from 1975 to 1977.
From 1977 to 1979, he was Ambassador to Barbados and Grenada, and Special Representative to Dominica and Saint Lucia. He was Ambassador to Guatemala from 1979 to 1980. From 1981 to 1983, he was Ambassador to Peru. He was then Ambassador to Argentina from 1983 to 1986.
During the late 1980s he taught at the University of New Mexico. In 1990, he retired to Santa Fe and took care of the New Mexico History Museum and the National Hispanic Cultural Center. He died in Santa Fe on February 27, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20850247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850247" title="Xie Xuejing">
Xie Xuejing

Xie Xuejing or Xie Xuejin, Xie Xue-jing (Traditional Chinese: 謝學錦; Simplified Chinese: 谢学锦; 1923-), is a Chinese geochemist who won the AAG Gold Medal in 2007. Xie is considered as the "Father of Geochemical Mapping in China".
Biography.
Xie is a native from Shanghai and was born 21 May 1923 in Beijing. From 1941 to 1945, Xie studied physics and chemistry at the College of Sciences of Zhejiang University. Xie also studied chemistry at Chongqing University.
After graduation, Xie mainly worked for the Institute of Geophysical and Geochemical Exploration of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). He was elected to be an academician of CAS in 1980. Xie also taught as a professor at Changchun Geological College (later merged into Jilin University), Liaoning Province, China.
Research activities.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Xie proposed and led the National geochemical mapping project and the China-Regional Geochemistry-National Reconnaissance (RGNR) Project. He also technically sponsored these programs, and initially emphasized and demonstrated by mapping the gold mines in China's territory (see also Gold mining in China).
This RGNR project lasted for at least 24 years and scanned more than six million km2 of China's mainland surface. The useful information offered from this mega program also contributed to about 80% new mineral discoveries within recent two decades in China.
In the 1990s, Xie also contributed to the international standardization for methodology of world geochemical mapping.
Xie also further developed some new approaches of searching for buried giant ore deposits. Xie also proposed several deep-penetrating geochemical techniques and methods.
Academic assignments.
Xie has served many academic positions including:
Honors and awards.
Xie received many honors and awards both from China and international organizations, especially the prestigious AAG Gold Medal from the Association of Applied Geochemists in June, 2007 at the 23rd International Geochemical Exploration Symposium banquet in Oviedo, Spain, for ""his outstanding scientific achievements in exploration geochemistry"".

</doc>
<doc id="20850258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850258" title="Progressive war">
Progressive war

Progressive War is a military term encompassing a military strategy where only enemy combatants are targeted and civilian collateral damage and casualties are kept to a minimum. The principles for Progressive War were established by Dutch jurist Hugo Grotius who is consider a founder of international law in his book De jure belli ac pacis libri tres(On the Law of War and Peace: Three books) published in 1625. A successful practitioner of Progressive War was Helmuth von Moltke the Elder as chief of staff of the Prussian Army in the nineteenth century.
The obverse to Progressive War is Unlimited War which includes civilian populations as legitimate targets. The aim of Unlimited War is to use military action against civilians in the hope of undermining the populations will to fight, to undermine their support of their leaders and thereby influence the policies of those leaders to continue the conflict. Examples of Unlimited War is evident in the use of cluster bombs, the bombing of Dresden in World War II, the German bombing of London among many other examples.
The philosophy of Unlimited War is controversial. Many consider it a form of terrorism, in the sense of deliberately attacking civilians in the hope of changing their mindset. Such ambiguities between Unlimited Warfare and terrorist strategies could be the source of why many terrorist groups consider themselves soldiers, and many label American military forces terrorists.
Guerrilla warfare can be considered Progressive if only enemy combatants are targeted, but becomes terrorism when civilians are targeted.

</doc>
<doc id="20850263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850263" title="Howie Haworth">
Howie Haworth

Homer Howard Haworth (August 27, 1893 – January 28, 1953) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for one season. He played seven games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1915 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20850301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850301" title="Cinema Cinema">
Cinema Cinema

"Cinema Cinema" is a 2008 Tamil film song from the film "Kuselan" directed by P. Vasu. The song was sung by Shankar Mahadevan and was composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The lyrics were penned by Na. Muthukumar.
Description.
The song was written to commemorate the Tamil film industry's 75 years of filmmaking. In the film, prominent actors Surya Sivakumar, Sneha, Mamta Mohandas, Dhanush, Kushboo Sundar make special appearances, as do P. Vasu, G. V. Prakash Kumar, Soundarya Rajinikanth, Rajinikanth and Nayantara. Clips of films starring Sivaji Ganesan, M. G. Ramachandran, N. T. Rama Rao and Rajkumar are also shown.

</doc>
<doc id="20850307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850307" title="Paul H. Scott">
Paul H. Scott

Paul Scott (1982) is an American politician from Grand Blanc, Michigan. A member of the Michigan State House of Representatives, Scott was recalled on November 8, 2011.
Early life.
Scott graduated from Grand Blanc High School in 2000. He received his bachelors degree from the University of Michigan, studied in a master's of public policy program at Harvard University, and received a law degree from the University of Michigan School of Law.
Political life.
Scott ran for the Michigan State House of Representatives in 2008. He first faced off against pilot James B. Swenor and businessman Vince Lorraine in the Republican primary and won with 41 percent of the vote. He then stood against Michael J. Thorp
in the general election and defeated him.
After one term as State Representative, Scott ran for the Secretary of State nomination in 2010 but lost the nomination at the Republican State Convention to Ruth Johnson. In 2010, he won reelection to the 51st district of the Michigan House of Representatives, defeating Art Reyes.
Scott was one of roughly 20 Michigan elected officials targeted for recall efforts in 2011, primarily by voters and interest groups opposed to changes in state education funding mechanisms, taxation of some retirement income and opposition to labor unions. Voters and the Michigan Education Association, opposed to Scott's actions as the chair of the House Education Committee, launched a recall effort against him. After recall supporters collected enough signatures to put the recall on the November 2011 election ballot in his district, Scott launched a legal challenge against the recall, but the appeal was denied unanimously by the Michigan Supreme Court. On November 8, 2011 Scott was recalled.

</doc>
<doc id="20850313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850313" title="Close Power Station">
Close Power Station

Close Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on Newcastle upon Tyne's Quayside, in Tyne and Wear. The station was built by the Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company in 1902, near their Forth Banks Power Station.
Specification and operation.
The station was of a steel frame and brick clad construction with the boiler house and turbine hall built alongside each other, a modern design at the time. The station had no rail sidings and so instead coal was brought to it by cart from the colliery. Coal was also delivered by barge, via a nearby boat landing on the River Tyne. The coal fired five Stirling boilers, each with 600 HP capacity. Two further boilers were installed in 1907. Coal was fed into the boilers by overhead hoppers, which used automatic stokers. Conveyor belts were used to transport coal to the boilers, and to take ash away from them.
The station initially used one Parsons steam turbine to drive two 500 kilowatt (kW) dynamos, giving the station a total generating capacity of 1,000 kW. However, by 1907 the station had been extended to generate using two DC Parsons 1,500 kW sets, fitted with vacuum augmenters, and a further two 1,000 kW generators. This gave the station a total generating capacity of 5,000 kW. Condensing water was pumped directly from the River Tyne, which it was situated upon.
1,540 customers would come to the power station's shops to have their meters tester and repaired.
History.
The station was built after the neighbouring Forth Banks Power Station required frequent expansion, as demand grew. It was built on a large adjacent piece of land. During the Second World War there was a suspected unexploded bomb found in a coal dump at the station, however it was discredited. The station continued operating until roughly 1948, when the UK's electrical supply industry was nationalised. The station has since been demolished, and an electric substation now stands on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20850314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850314" title="Hank Helf">
Hank Helf

Henry Hartz Helf (August 26, 1913 – October 27, 1984) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for three seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians in 1938 and 1940 and the St. Louis Browns in 1946. From 1944 to 1945 Helf served in the military during World War II.
On August 20, 1938, as part of a publicity stunt by the Come to Cleveland Committee, Helf, along with Indians' catcher, Frankie Pytlak, caught baseballs dropped from Cleveland's Terminal Tower by Indians' third baseman Ken Keltner. The drop broke the 555-foot, 30-year-old record set by Washington Senator catcher Gabby Street at the Washington Monument. The baseballs were estimated to have been traveling at 138 miles per hour when caught.

</doc>
<doc id="20850322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850322" title="List of Salvadoran football champions">
List of Salvadoran football champions

The Salvadoran Football Champion is the winner of the El Salvador National Football Championship (1926–1968) or the Liga Mayor (1969 to present) of football in El Salvador.
Currently, there are two champions each calendar year with one champion for the Apertura season and one for the Clausura season.
Short Tournament (1926–1946).
Three regional champions, faced each other in the national championship. Each team represented a different section of the country (West zone, Central zone, East zone).
Apertura/Clausura format (1999-present).
"(*) The first winner of the shorter tournament has been deemed "Champion Cup", and the next, that of the Clausura 1999, as "champions". The First Division of El Salvador has not changed that status competition."

</doc>
<doc id="20850339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850339" title="1967 Syracuse Orangemen football team">
1967 Syracuse Orangemen football team

The 1967 Syracuse Orangemen team represented Syracuse University in the 1967 NCAA University Division (the predecessor to today's Division I FBS and FCS) college football season. 
Regular season.
In 1967, Tom Coughlin set the school's single-season pass receiving record. Larry Csonka was in his senior season and was named an All-American. He broke many of the school's rushing records, including some previously held by Ernie Davis, Jim Nance, Floyd Little, and Jim Brown.
In his three seasons at Syracuse, Csonka rushed for a school record 2,934 yards, rushed for 100 yards in 14 different games, and averaged 4.9 yards per carry. From 1965 to 1967, he ranked 19th, 9th and 5th in the nation in rushing. He was the Most Valuable Player in the East–West Shrine Game, the Hula Bowl, and the College All-Star Game. 

</doc>
<doc id="20850341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850341" title="Queensland C17 class locomotive">
Queensland C17 class locomotive

The C17 class locomotive was a 4-8-0 locomotive of the Queensland Railways. The locomotives operated on narrow gauge.
The design was so successful that 227 locomotives were built from 1920 when the first engine N° 15 entering service through until 1953 when N° 1000 was delivered. The 22 NM class for Commonwealth Railways were of the same design. C 17s were versatile engines and generally well liked. They were used to haul Mail Trains on lines could not accommodate heavier (B18¼) classes, also suburban passenger, mixed, goods and branch line trains. Until 1948 they were the heaviest engines that could work north of Mackay. Prior to the introduction of 60ton diesel electric locomotives, they were responsible for hauling the air conditioned Inlander, Midlander and Westlander trains for parts of their respective journeys. 
First engines had large steam domes, open cabs and C16 style tenders. Those built from 1938 onwards, commencing with N°858, had small steam domes, sedan cabs with welded tenders and also larger diameter (9½”) piston valves. The two types of boilers were occasionally interchanged at overhauls and by later years most of the old style ones had been replaced. The last 40 engines, N°961 to N°1000, were fitted with roller bearings and painted brown. They acquired the nick name of “Brown Bombers”. Those overhauled in the last years of steam operations were repainted black. A number of modifications were carried out over their life including the fitting of large mushroom air snifting valves. Several had additional sandboxes and/or rear headlights fitted at various times for working lines where no turning facilities were available.
Destination board.
Queensland steam engines including the C17s were fitted with brackets in front of the smokebox where destination signs could be displayed.
Preservation.
The C17s have survived strongly to the present day. Almost 30 examples still remain with eight currently operational or in near operational condition. Nos. 974 and 1000 are retained by the Queensland Rail Heritage Division. Two are currently interstate on the Zig Zag Railway at Lithgow, New South Wales. No. 934 has been operational there for some years, and No. 966 is awaiting restoration. No. 944 has been in open air storage at the Miles Historical Village and Museum in Miles, Queensland since 1971. No. 996 was placed on the waterfront at Southport on the Gold Coast, and was nicknamed "Southport Express". After calls by the local council to have the locomotive removed in 2005, it was purchased by the Queensland Pioneer Steam Railway, and is now at their Box Flat Depot in a dismantled state pending the decision to return it to operational condition.

</doc>
<doc id="20850351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850351" title="John Stuart Hepburn">
John Stuart Hepburn

John Stuart Hepburn (a.k.a. Captain John Hepburn) was an early pastoralist and landholder in Victoria, Australia.
Hepburn was born in Scotland in 1800. He initially became a seafaring man and progressed to become a Master of a 226 ton brig, The Alice. In 1835, the Alice sailed for Hobart. On board was John Gardiner, an ex banker, who talked Hepburn into joining him in a Pastoral business. Hepburn joined John Gardiner and Joseph Hawdon in a venture to overland cattle to Port Phillip. The overlanding trip was successful. Hepburn met up with Captain John Coghill and his brother William. The brothers were settled at Kirkham and Stathellen near Braidwood, New South Wales. In 1837, Hepburn and William Coghill became partners in a plan to overland 1400 ewes, 50 rams and 200 wethers to central Victoria. On 15 January 1838, the party left Strathallen for Victoria. Shortly after leaving Gundagai, New South Wales, they met William Bowman and the three parties travelled southward, crossing the Murray River near Albury. The Majors (Major Mitchell) tracks were picked up near Wangaratta and followed to Mount Alexander, where they set up a lambing camp in April. Bowman stayed, establishing the Sutton Grange run, but leaving it for Jas Orr when he moved on to Stratford near Heathcote.
Smeaton Hill Run.
Hepburn had hoped to settle on the country he had passed through in 1836 but found it was all taken.
From Mount Alexander, Hepburn sited Mount Kooroocheang, and the Major's Mammaloid Hills. The party moved on to establish the Smeaton Hill Run on the 15th April 1838. William Coghill travelled further west, crossing Bullarook Creek and establishing Glendaruel and then Glendonald. Captain Hepburn named Smeaton Hill station after a small hamlet which lay near his birthplace. The homestead which he named Smeaton House, was constructed in 1849-50 and is occupied today. Hepburn founded the rural town of Smeaton and the town of Hepburn Springs is named after him.
John Hepburn died in 1860 aged 57 and he was buried with other members of his family in a small cemetery on the property. Smeaton House was purchased by the Righetti family and is sometimes open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20850365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850365" title="Bernie Henderson">
Bernie Henderson

Bernard Henderson (April 12, 1899 – June 6, 1966), nicknamed "Barnyard", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1921 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20850367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850367" title="Neale Lavis">
Neale Lavis

Neale John Lavis, OAM (born 11 June 1930) is an Australian equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, and a silver medal in individual eventing. He also participated at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, but did not win any medals there. He later became involved with a cattle and racehorse stud in Braidwood, which produced Just A Dash, the winner of the 1981 Melbourne Cup, and Strawberry Road, the 1982/83 Racehorse of the Year.
Lavis was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1989, received a Medal of the Order of Australia in 1999, and received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20850374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850374" title="Toni Carr">
Toni Carr

Toni Carr (also, Joan of Dark) is an American author, musician, and textile artist.
Carr is a member of the Naptown Roller Girls, a roller derby team based in Indianapolis, Indiana. In August 2008, Carr wrote a book titled "Knockdown Knits", that combined roller derby and knitting. In February 2012, Carr published "Knits for Nerds", a knitting book for fans of science fiction, fantasy, and other geeky things. 
She was formerly a bass player in the indie rock group "Chuck Marten".
Personal life.
She is married to Dan Carr, an announcer for the Naptown Roller Girls as well as Demolition City Roller Derby in Evansville, IN.

</doc>
<doc id="20850378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850378" title="SS Roma (1926)">
SS Roma (1926)

SS "Roma" was a 30,000 gross register ton ocean liner built for the Italian shipping company Navigazione Generale Italiana of Genoa by Ansaldo shipyard in Sestri Ponente. She was the sister ship to MS "Augustus". The ship was later transferred to the new Italian Line after the merger of Navigazione Generale Italiana.
History.
Following the end of World War I, many shipping companies were waiting to have enough money to build new liners. Navigazione Generale Italiana ordered two new 30,000 gross tons transatlantic ocean liners to Ansaldo shipyard. The first ship was launched in 1926 and christened "Roma". Her interior was decorated in Baroque style.
The "Roma" was equipped with geared steam turbines, unlike MS "Augustus", her sister ship, which was powered by Diesel engines. She had an entirely steel hull, while the engine apparatus, including eight turbines connected in couples to four axes, and whose steam was provided by 13 boilers, allowed her a speed of 22 knots. The ship could house 1700 passengers (375 first, 300 second, 300 intermediate, 700 third class).
Her two funnels were repainted into the Italian Line's colors after her company merged with Lloyd Sabaudo and Cosulich Line to form the new Italian Line. In 1933 the intermediate class was replaced by the touristic one. The main deck was covered with teak.
Conversion to aircraft carrier.
When World War II broke out, she was laid up and later taken over by the Italian Navy. She was then refitted and transformed into an aircraft carrier named "Aquila". Her speed was increased to 30 knots after the refitting. She was taken over by the German occupation forces in 1943 but was partially scuttled two years later. After the end of the conflict, her wreckage was raised and towed to La Spezia, where she was scrapped in 1951-1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20850379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850379" title="Sisymbrium altissimum">
Sisymbrium altissimum

Sisymbrium altissimum is a species of "Sisymbrium". The plant is native to the western part of the Mediterranean Basin in Europe and Northern Africa and is widely naturalized throughout most of the world, including all of North America. It was probably introduced into North America by a contaminant crop seed. The plant grows in soils of all textures, even sand. The plant germinates in winter or early spring. The blooming time is lengthy, and after maturity the plant forms a tumbleweed. Common names of the plant include Jim Hill mustard, after James J. Hill, a Canadian-American railroad magnate, Tall mustard, Tumble mustard, tumbleweed mustard, tall sisymbrium, and tall hedge mustard.

</doc>
<doc id="20850384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850384" title="PSPS Pekanbaru">
PSPS Pekanbaru

PSPS, an acronym for Persatuan Sepak Bola Pekanbaru dan Sekitarnya is an Indonesian football team based in Pekanbaru. They compete in the division of Indonesian football, Liga Indonesia. In media, the club is often referred as the tautology PSPS Pekanbaru.
After finished in third position in Liga Indonesia Premier Division 2008-2009, PSPS directly promoted to Indonesia Super League for 2009-2010 season. They play at 20,000 capacity Rumbai Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20850395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850395" title="Pfandbrief">
Pfandbrief

The Pfandbrief (plural: Pfandbriefe), a mostly triple-A rated German bank debenture, has become the blueprint of many covered bond models in Europe and beyond. The Pfandbrief is collateralized by long-term assets such as property mortgages or public sector loans as stipulated in the Pfandbrief Act. Total volume outstanding in Pfandbriefe was EUR 806 billion as at end-2008. Pfandbrief bonds make up the third largest segment of the German bond market after public sector bonds and unsecured bank debt.
In 2000, the US institutions Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac together reached one per cent of the national population. Furthermore, 87 per cent of their purchased mortgages were granted to borrowers in metropolitan areas with higher income levels. In Europe, a wider market has been achieved: In Denmark, mortgage banks reached 35 per cent of the population in 2002, while the German Bausparkassen achieved widespread regional distribution and more than 30 per cent of the German population concluded a Bauspar contract (as of 2001).
A survey of European Pfandbrief-like products was issued in 2005 by the Bank for International Settlements; the International Monetary Fund in 2007 issued a study of the covered bond markets in Germany and Spain, while the European Central Bank in 2003 issued a study of housing markets, addressing also mortgage markets and providing a two-page overview of current mortgage systems in the EU countries.
History.
The roots of the German Pfandbrief system reach back to the year 1769. In the aftermath of the Seven Years' War (1756–1763) that had ravaged the country Prussian King Frederick the Great introduced the Pfandbrief system with a ”cabinets-order” to ease credit shortage for the nobility. Based on his royal decree, Prussia set up so-called ”Landschaften,” compulsory public-law associations of noble landowners, within the individual provinces. To refinance loans to their members Landschaften issued debentures that largely correspond with the present-day mortgage Pfandbrief since the creditor acquired a direct claim over the estates the member had pledged as security. This Pfandbrief system rapidly spread throughout all of Europe. Towards the end of the nineteenth century, it was widely adopted for the refinancing of public sector loans. The second decisive boost to the development of the Pfandbrief occurred when Landschaften outside Prussia started issuing Pfandbriefe for which all the properties lent against by the Landschaft served jointly as security. As before the loans raised by the Landschaften were not paid out in cash, but in Pfandbriefe. In 1862, the first German mortgage bank, Frankfurter Hypothekenbank in Frankfurt am Main, opened its doors. Numerous other mortgage banks followed in rapid succession in almost all German federal states. By the beginning of the twentieth century 40 private mortgage banks existed. Mortgage banks concentrated from the outset on real estate financing. The rapidly expanding towns and cities in the area of industrialization were in need of the housing construction and commercial properties financing. The 1900 Mortgage Bank Act (HBG) is deemed pioneering legislation until today. It provided a legally prescribed, uniform organizational framework for this group of credit institutions. It was in force for more than a century until the Pfandbrief Act entered into force in 2005 (source: Association of German Pfandbrief Banks).
German Pfandbrief legislation.
The Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz), established in 2005 and amended in 2009, regulates the Pfandbrief. While most European countries have covered bond legislation, the United States and UK initially preferred non-legislative guidelines. The 2005 Pfandbrief Act increased potential issuers to include all licensed credit institutions that meet certain requirements. Formerly, only specialized private mortgage banks and public sector banks could issue covered bonds in Germany. The Pfandbrief Act supersedes all prior existing Pfandbrief legislations. The 2009 amendment introduced the Aircraft Pfandbrief as the fourth Pfandbrief type.
Pfandbrief characteristics.
In their cover business, Pfandbrief banks grant property finance, public sector, ship and aircraft loans. Pfandbriefe have an average maturity of about five to seven years. While Pfandbriefe tend to be associated with asset-backed securities they are fundamentally different. Pfandbrief cover-assets remain on the bank's balance sheet. By contrast, asset-backed securities are typically off-balance-sheet transactions. Another difference: Pfandbrief cover pools are dynamic. Their composition can and usually does change over time, depending on the maturities and on the newly registered cover assets. Due to the stringent legal provisions that govern their issuance Pfandbriefe are deemed particularly safe. An independent cover pool trustee appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) records cover assets and cover asset replacements in the cover register. In the event of the Pfandbrief issuer's insolvency, Pfandbrief investors have a preferential claim on the cover assets in the cover register because cover pool assets are not included in insolvency proceedings. There has not been a Pfandbrief default since 1901. Property financings may be included in the cover pool only up to 60% of the prudently calculated mortgage lending value. The same holds true for ship and aircraft financings. Public sector loans are 100% eligible for cover.
The German covered bond market.
Pfandbrief issuers use pfandbriefe to fund loans that are secured by real estate liens, ship or aircraft mortgages or claims against public-sector bodies. Depending on the type of collateralization, these bonds are referred to as Mortgage Pfandbrief (), Public Pfandbrief (), Ship Pfandbrief () or Aircraft Pfandbrief (). Pfandbrief issuers have three different pfandbrief segments at their disposal: Jumbo pfandbriefe, traditional pfandbriefe and registered pfandbriefe. For the actual placement issuers have the choice between private placements and public offering. With a volume outstanding of EUR 806 billion, the Pfandbrief held a leading place in the European bond markets at year-end 2008. Pfandbriefe made up 22 percent of the German bond market in 2008: 71.9 percent of pfandbriefe were public pfandbriefe, 27.0% Mortgage Pfandbriefe and 1.1% Ship Pfandbriefe. The first Aircraft Pfandbriefe were expected to be issued in 2010.
Pfandbrief-like securities have been introduced in more than 25 European countries – and in recent years also in the United States of America and other countries outside Europe – each with their own unique law and regulations. Today, continental Europe's covered bond market is well established. Initially primarily used to refinance residential mortgages it evolved as a means to finance public sector loans and ship mortgages over time. (source: German Association of Pfandbrief Banks). The global covered bond market volume (covered bonds outstanding) amounted to EUR 2.1 billion at year-end 2007. Percentage by country: Germany: 42%, Denmark: 16%, Spain: 13%, France: 10%, Sweden: 4%, United Kingdom: 4%, Ireland: 3%, Luxembourg: 2%, Switzerland: 1%, Austria: 1%, Netherlands: 1%, United States: 1%, other: 3%.
Jumbo Pfandbrief.
The Jumbo Pfandbrief, first brought to market in 1995, arose from a need to attract international investors to a market that had been largely of domestic interest. Instead of individual banks placing large-volume issues, the Jumbo Pfandbrief allows an issuing syndicate with the goal of marketing Jumbo Pfandbrief issues and of subsequently ensuring market making. A Jumbo Pfandbrief must have a minimum issuance volume of EUR 1 billion. The average issue size of a Jumbo Pfandbrief is about EUR 1.5 billion. A minimum of five market makers is required. Jumbo Pfandbriefe must be listed on the German stock exchange. Total Jumbo covered bonds first-time sales amounted to EUR 161.3 billion in 2007. In 2007, the four biggest jumbo covered bond-issuing countries were France (24.7%), Spain (22.3%), Germany (20%), and the UK (10.7%).

</doc>
<doc id="20850400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850400" title="Persiku Kudus">
Persiku Kudus

Persiku Kudus is an Indonesian football team based in Kudus, Central Java. They compete in the division of Indonesian football, Divisi Utama (Liga Ti Phone).
Rivalries.
Persiku Kudus have a very tough competitor in the League of PSIR Rembang. Since the beginning of the meeting of the league, this game usually called Muria derby. This game is also often called the Muria Derby. Persiku Kudus still dominating victory and become the ruler of football in Muria area.
Supporter.
Persiku has the nickname muria tiger and supporters are known by name SMM (Supporter Macan Muria) (en: Muria Tigers Supporters) dan BASOKA (Bala Supporter Kudus Raya)(The Supporters of the Kudus Kingdom)

</doc>
<doc id="20850404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850404" title="Earl Henry">
Earl Henry

Earl Clifford Henry (June 10, 1917 – December 10, 2002), nicknamed "Hook", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He pitched two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1944 Cleveland Indians season and 15 games during the 1945 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20850410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850410" title="Persibo Bojonegoro">
Persibo Bojonegoro

Persibo an acronym for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Bojonegoro is a professional Indonesian football team based in Bojonegoro. The club plays in the Indonesia Super League after won a title and got promoted from Premier Division last season. But now the club was play in Liga Primer Indonesia.
Supporters.
Persibo Bojonegoro have always enjoyed loyal and passionate support. Most fans come from Bojonegoro and around Central Java. They called themselves as Boromania or "Bojonegoro Mania". their great enemy is the supporters club Persela Lamongan, LA Mania. but enjoy Boromania very friendly with the two groups of supporters who are very hostile, namely, Bonekmania (Persebaya 1927 & Persebaya Premier League) and Aremania (Arema Indonesia FC IPL & Arema Indonesia FC ISL) as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20850421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850421" title="Persigo Gorontalo">
Persigo Gorontalo

Persigo Gorontalo is a professional Indonesian football team based in Gorontalo. They compete in the second highest division of Indonesian football, Indonesian Premier Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20850428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850428" title="Take Me Out to the Ball Game (disambiguation)">
Take Me Out to the Ball Game (disambiguation)

"Take Me Out to the Ball Game" is a Tin Pan Alley song that became the unofficial anthem of baseball.
Take Me Out to the Ball Game may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20850444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850444" title="David Green (equestrian)">
David Green (equestrian)

David Michael Green (born 28 February 1960 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20850454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850454" title="Loyd Colson">
Loyd Colson

Loyd Albert Colson (born November 4, 1947 in Wellington, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Colson played for the New York Yankees in . In 1 career game, he had a 0-0 record with a 4.50 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Colson was drafted by the Yankees in the 28th round of the 1967 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20850460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850460" title="Kendell Foster Crossen">
Kendell Foster Crossen

Kendell Foster Crossen (July 25, 1910 – November 29, 1981) was an American pulp fiction and science fiction writer. He was the creator and writer of stories about the Green Lama (a pulp and comic book hero) and the Milo March detective novels.
His pen names included Richard Foster, Bennett Barlay, Kent Richards and Clay Richards, Christopher Monig (allegedly the name of a ghost of the town of Crossen on the Oder), and M. E. Chaber (from the Hebrew word "mechaber", meaning author). Some bylines use the abbreviated name Ken Crossen.
Biography.
Kendell Foster Crossen was born in Albany, Ohio (outside Athens), the only child of farmers Sam Crossen and Chlo Foster Crossen. He attended Rio Grande College in Ohio where he played football. He was an amateur boxer and worked at jobs ranging from carnival barker to insurance investigator. In the 1930s he was employed as a writer on Works Progress Administration (WPA) projects, including a "New York City Guidebook", before becoming editor of "Detective Fiction Weekly".
In the 1940s he wrote pulp detective fiction and novels under his own name as well as the pseudonyms Richard Foster, M. E. Chaber, Christopher Monig, Clay Richards, Bennett Barley, and others. He originated the pulp and comic book character the Green Lama, a crime-fighting Buddhist superhero whose powers emerged upon the recitation of the Tibetan mantra "om mani padme hum." He wrote hundreds of radio scripts for "Suspense", "The Saint", "Mystery Theater", and others. His later television credits include "77 Sunset Strip", "The Man from Blackhawk", "Man and the Challenge", and "Perry Mason".
In the 1950s Crossen began writing science fiction for publications such as "Thrilling Wonder Stories", including the humorous Manning Draco stories about an intergalactic insurance investigator (four of which are featured in the book "Once Upon a Star", 1953). His novels in the genre are "Murder Out of Mind" (1945), "Year of Consent" (1954), dealing with a 1990 America run by tyrannical "social engineers", and "The Rest Must Die" (1959), about survivors of a nuclear catastrophe in New York City. Novellas include "Passport to Pax" (1952) and "Things of Distinction" (1952). He edited two sci-fi anthologies, "Adventures in Tomorrow" (1951) and "Future Tense" (1952).
Milo March.
A successful series of tightly plotted novels about a martini-drinking, poetry-quoting New York insurance investigator named Milo March were published under the name M. E. Chaber from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s: "Hangman’s Harvest" (1952), "No Grave for March" (1953), "As Old as Cain" (1954), "The Man Inside" (1954; made into a 1958 film), "The Splintered Man" (1955), "The Burned Man" (1956), "A Lonely Walk" (1956), "Abra-Cadaver" (1958), "The Gallows Garden" (1958), "A Hearse of Another Color" (1958), "So Dead the Rose" (1959), "Jade for a Lady" (1962), "Softly in the Night" (1963), "Six Who Ran" (1964), "Uneasy Lies the Dead" (1964), "Wanted: Dead Men" (1965), "The Day It Rained Diamonds" (1966), "A Man in the Middle" (1967), "Wild Midnight Falls" (1968), "The Flaming Man" (1969), "Green Grow the Graves" (1970), "The Bonded Dead" (1971), and "Born to Be Hanged" (1973). In some of these plots, March is called to duty in the U.S. Army Reserve. Notable among these is "The Splintered Man", in which he rescues a West German scientist captured by the East Germans, who tortured him by plying him with LSD. Crossen prided himself on being one of the first novelists to write about LSD. In 1967 he published "The Acid Nightmare", a cautionary young adult novel in which a teenage boy experiences two LSD trips, one good and one bad.
Kim Locke and Brian Brett.
Two other insurance investigator heroes were Kim Locke, who appeared in novels written as Kendell Foster Crossen ("The Big Dive", 1959; "The Tortured Path", 1957; "The Gentle Assassin", 1964), and Brian Brett, in books written as Christopher Monig ("Once Upon a Crime", 1959; T"he Lonely Graves", 1960).
Final unpublished novel.
Crossen’s last Milo March novel, "Death to the Brides" (1974), was rejected for publication, owing to a dispute between author and publisher. Crossen reported that his editor at Henry Holt & Co. wanted him to remove an unflattering portrait of President Richard Nixon from the novel, in which Colonel March goes on mission to Vietnam, accompanied by a Puli dog named Dante. This manuscript is preserved along with the rest of Crossen’s papers in the 20th-century collection of the Howard Gotlieb Archival Research Center at Boston University. Kendra Crossen Burroughs, who owns the rights to the manuscript, plans to publish it after making some editorial improvements.
Ken Crossen was married four times and had four children: Stephen Foster Crossen, Karen Crossen Ready, Kendra Crossen Burroughs, and David Crossen. He died on November 29, 1981, in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20850471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850471" title="Jack Hickey (baseball)">
Jack Hickey (baseball)

John William Hickey (November 3, 1881 – December 28, 1941) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched two games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1904 season, starting both.

</doc>
<doc id="20850475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850475" title="Porto Cristo">
Porto Cristo

Porto Cristo is a small town on the eastern coast of Mallorca. It is 10 minutes away from Manacor.
Tourism.
Though in no way a primary tourist destination in Mallorca, Porto Cristo promotes itself as a quiet resort and tries to encourage foreign visitors, the main tourist attractions are two sets of caves, the Coves del Drach and the Coves dels Hams.
Porto Cristo remains a modern but unspoilt all year round location.
The name Porto Cristo means "The Port of Christ" given to it back in 1260 AD at the time of the Christian invasion of Mallorca, A fishing boat was found washed up on the beach containing a Crucifix . Legend has is that an Oxen was carrying an icon of God through the Town and the Oxen stopped and refused to walk anymore. Hence the people saw this as a sign and the name was derived from that belief it was a clear sign that Christ wanted to be here.
What sets Porto Cristo apart from most of the Mallorca resorts is that its income is not solely dependant on Tourism, Porto Cristo still maintains its Spanish fishing village features. Its larger Municipal Manacor is the centre of the pearl manufacturing industry on Mallorca.
Porto Cristo Harbour is a natural Harbour which still homes the small fishing boats and gives shelter from any storms, The addition in recent years of the New Marina now homes the high end pleasure boats. The mix of the new and the old has been done tastefully as the Porto Cristo method is of ensuring it retains its Heritage.
Porto Cristo is a quiet town perfect for a stroll along the main front or a romantic meal overlooking the breathtaking ocean . Crime is rare in Porto Cristo and it has a very active police presence ensuring it retains its reputation as a safe place to Holiday or visit on the island.
Residents.
Tennis Legend, Rafael Nadal has a family holiday home in Porto Cristo.

</doc>
<doc id="20850485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850485" title="Quinn Shephard">
Quinn Shephard

Quinn Shephard (born February 28, 1995) is an American actress from Central New Jersey who starred in the film "Unaccompanied Minors" in 2006. She also appeared in three other films: "Harrison's Flowers" in 2000, "From Other Worlds" in 2004, and "Assassination of a High School President" in 2009.
Shephard was nominated for a Young Artist Award in 2007 under the category of Best Young Ensemble in a Feature Film. She starred in the play "The Crucible" in 2010 at Playhouse 22 in the role of Abigail Williams. In 2011 she guest-starred on in the episode "Lost Traveler" as unlikely suspect Emma Butler. In 2012 Shephard played the role of Olive Flaxton in the CBS pilot "Trooper", and had a recurring role on CBS's Made in Jersey as Kate Garretti (only one episode featuring Shephard aired: "Ridgewell"). Shephard is currently starring in CBS's 2013/2014 series "Hostages". She plays Morgan Sanders. 

</doc>
<doc id="20850488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850488" title="Hang Tuah Stadium (Pekanbaru)">
Hang Tuah Stadium (Pekanbaru)

Hang Tuah Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Pekanbaru, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for PSPS Pekanbaru of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850491" title="Delta-functor">
Delta-functor

In homological algebra, a δ-functor between two abelian categories "A" and "B" is a collection of functors from "A" to "B" together with a collection of morphisms that satisfy properties generalising those of derived functors. A universal δ-functor is a δ-functor satisfying a specific universal property related to extending morphisms beyond "degree 0". These notions were introduced by Alexander Grothendieck in his famous "Tohoku" paper to provide an appropriate setting for derived functors. In particular, derived functors are universal δ-functors.
The terms homological δ-functor and cohomological δ-functor are sometimes used to distinguish between the case where the morphisms "go down" ("homological") and the case where they "go up" ("cohomological"). In particular, one of these modifiers should always be used, but is often dropped.
Definition.
Given two abelian categories "A" and "B" a covariant cohomological δ-functor between "A" and "B" is a family {"T"n} of covariant additive functors "T"n : "A" → "B" indexed by the non-negative integers, and for each short exact sequence
a family of morphisms
indexed by the non-negative integers satisfying the following two properties:
1. For each short exact sequence as above, there is a long exact sequence
2. For each morphism of short exact sequences
and for each non-negative "n", the induced square
is commutative (the δn on the top is that corresponding to the short exact sequence of "M"'s whereas the one on the bottom corresponds to the short exact sequence of "N"'s).
The second property expresses the "functoriality" of a δ-functor. The modifier "cohomological" indicates that the δn raise the index on the "T". A covariant homological δ-functor between "A" and "B" is similarly defined (and generally uses subscripts), but with δn a morphism "T"n("M" ") → "T"n-1("M). The notions of contravariant cohomological δ-functor between "A" and "B" and contravariant homological δ-functor between "A" and "B"'" can also be defined by "reversing the arrows" accordingly.
Morphisms of δ-functors.
A morphism of δ-functors is a family of natural transformations that, for each short exact sequence, commute with the morphisms δ. For example, in the case of two covariant cohomological δ-functors denoted "S" and "T", a morphism from "S" to "T" is a family "F"n : Sn → Tn of natural transformations such that for every short exact sequence
the following diagram commutes:
Universal δ-functor.
A universal δ-functor is characterized by the (universal) property that giving a morphism from it to any other δ-functor (between "A" and "B") is equivalent to giving just "F"0. For example, if "S" denotes a covariant cohomological δ-functor between "A" and "B", then "S" is universal if given any other (covariant cohomological) δ-functor "T" (between "A" and "B"), and given any natural transformation
there is a unique sequence "F"n indexed by the positive integers such that the family { "F"n }n ≥ 0 is a morphism of δ-functors.

</doc>
<doc id="20850495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850495" title="Heinrich Christoph Kolbe">
Heinrich Christoph Kolbe

Heinrich Christoph Kolbe (2 April 1771 – 16 January 1836) was a German painter. He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Life.
Kolbe was born and died in Düsseldorf. After his education at the 'old' Kunstakademie Düsseldorf and then went to Paris for ten years to study. He was part of the circle of Friedrich Schlegel and worked on the review "Europa". He later worked in the studio of François Gérard. In 1811 he returned to Düsseldorf, becoming the favourite portraitist of the Rhineland, painting 60 portraits in Barmen and Elberfeld alone. His subjects in Weimar included Goethe, Charles Augustus, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach and two of Charles Augustus's mistress Karoline Jagemann. From 1822 he was a professor at the Düsseldorf Art Academy, but he left in 1832 after a long dispute with the new director Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow. He died in Düsseldorf in 1836 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20850499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850499" title="Kamal Muara Stadium">
Kamal Muara Stadium

Kamal Muara Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Persitara Jakarta Utara of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850504" title="Etofenprox">
Etofenprox

Etofenprox is a pyrethroid derivative which is used as an insecticide. 
Also found as an ingredient in flea medication for cats

</doc>
<doc id="20850507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850507" title="Wendy Schaeffer">
Wendy Schaeffer

Wendy Lynn Schaeffer, OAM (born 16 September 1974 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Schaeffer was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20850510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850510" title="Daley Thompson's Decathlon">
Daley Thompson's Decathlon

"Daley Thompson's Decathlon" is a computer game based on Konami's "Track & Field", developed and released under license by Ocean Software in 1984. It was released in the wake of Daley Thompson's popularity following his gold medals in the decathlon at the 1980 and 1984 Olympic Games.
Gameplay.
The player takes part in the ten events of the modern decathlon: 
The player starts the game with three lives; failure to reach the minimum standard in an event results in the loss of one life. Success in the 1500 Meters event results in the game returning to Day 1 to repeat the events with more difficult qualification criteria.
Running is simulated by hitting two keys (representing the left and right leg) alternately and as quickly as possible. The game rapidly gained a reputation amongst players as a "joystick killer" because of the constant vigorous waggling of the joystick required during many of the events.
Music.
The game's soundtrack was composed by Martin Galway. The introduction music is based on the 1978 electronic music piece "Rydeen" by Yellow Magic Orchestra (YMO).
The music appearing upon completing the game is based on the title theme by Vangelis for the film Chariots Of Fire.
Reception.
Sinclair User gave the game a score of 8/10. It went on to become the biggest selling Spectrum game of Q4 1984. The game won the award for Game Of The Year 1984 in Crash magazine, and was the Best Arcade Style Game of the Year at the Golden Joystick Awards.
The game was included on the 1985 compilation "They Sold a Million", along with Beach-Head, Sabre Wulf and Jet Set Willy.

</doc>
<doc id="20850512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850512" title="List of Indian states and territories by highest point">
List of Indian states and territories by highest point

This is a list of the highest points of the Indian states and territories, ranked by highest point.

</doc>
<doc id="20850514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850514" title="Nikolay Kridener">
Nikolay Kridener

He was in command of the 9th Army corps during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878 and conquered the city of Nikopol on June 4, 1877, for which he was awarded the Order of Saint George, 3rd class. Thereafter he was in command of the Russian forces during the first battle of Plevna on July 8-18, 1877 where he was defeated. He then participated in the siege of Plevna.
After the war he was in charge of the military forces in Warsaw. He died in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="20850515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850515" title="Bob Davidson (pitcher)">
Bob Davidson (pitcher)

Robert Banks (Bob) Davidson (born January 6, 1963) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Bob played for the New York Yankees in . In 1 career game, he had a 0–0 record with a 18.00 ERA. On July 15, 1989 in the only inning he ever pitched in the Major Leagues Bob gave up a two-run home run to George Brett during Old Timers Days at Yankee Stadium. 
Davidson was drafted by the Yankees in the 24th round of the 1984 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20850519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850519" title="Segiri Samarinda Stadium">
Segiri Samarinda Stadium

Segiri Samarinda Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Samarinda, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Persisam Putra Samarinda of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850527" title="1948 Northwestern Wildcats football team">
1948 Northwestern Wildcats football team

The 1948 Northwestern Wildcats football team represented Northwestern University in the 1948 college football season. The Wildcats won their first Rose Bowl in school history.
Season.
Northwestern finished the season with an 8-2 record, losing only to perennial powerhouses Michigan, 28-0, and Notre Dame, 17-12. Northwestern blanked UCLA, 19–0, Purdue, 21–0, and Syracuse, 48–0. NU rallied from three turnovers and a 16-point deficit to defeat Minnesota, 19–16, and beat Ohio State, 21–7, Wisconsin, 16–7, and Illinois, 20–7. Big Nine Conference rules prevented conference champion Michigan from making a successive trip to face the Rose Bowl, so second-place Northwestern won the bid instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20850540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850540" title="Rondong Demang Stadium">
Rondong Demang Stadium

Rondong Demang Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Tenggarong, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Mitra Kukar of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850556" title="Sultan Agung Stadium">
Sultan Agung Stadium

Sultan Agung Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bantul, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Persiba Bantul of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 35,000. The stadium was built in 2004. It first started hosting matches from Liga Indonesia in 2005.
The stadium was inaugurated by the Governor of Yogyakarta Sri Sultan Hamengkubuwono X at the opening ceremony coincided PORDA Bantul DIY-IX on June 24, 2007. Though inaugurated in 2007, this stadium has been used to stage local soccer matches and Liga Indonesia since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20850566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850566" title="Wergu Wetan Stadium">
Wergu Wetan Stadium

Wergu Wetan Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kudus, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Persiba Bantul of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850569" title="MS Amadea">
MS Amadea

MS "Amadea" is a cruise ship owned by Amadea Shipping Company and operated under charter by the Germany-based Phoenix Reisen. She was originally built in 1991 by the Mitsubishi Heavy Industries shipyard in Nagasaki, Japan as MS "Asuka" for Nippon Yusen Kaisha. In 2006 she was sold to her current owners and entered service with Phoenix Reisen.
Cabins.
The "Amadea" contains 2 royal suites, 40 suites, and 254 cabins. 106 cabins have a private balcony.

</doc>
<doc id="20850585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850585" title="Letjen Haji Sudirman Stadium">
Letjen Haji Sudirman Stadium

Letjen Haji Sudirman Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bojonegoro, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Persibo Bojonegoro of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850587" title="Salmon louse">
Salmon louse

The salmon louse, Lepeophtheirus salmonis, is a species of copepod in the genus "Lepeophtheirus". 
It is a sea louse, a parasite living on salmon. They are also known as "sea lice". It lives off the mucus, skin and blood of the fish. They are natural marine parasites of fish, such as adult salmon. They are similar to plankton and ride on the waves. When they encounter a marine fish they adhere themselves to the skin, fins, the gills of the fish, and feeding off the mucous or skin. Sea lice only affects fish and not harmful towards humans.
Life Cycle.
There has been some research on the problems caused by this species in aquaculture, but little is known about the salmon louse's life in nature. It has been shown, however, that salmon louse infections in fish farming facilities can cause epizootics in wild fish.
The life cycle consists of 8 stages, with ecdysis in between. The first two stages are free swimming nauplius I and II, where it has a length between 0.54 and 0.85 mm. The third stage is the copepodit stage, in which the length is ca. 0.7 mm, and the salmon louse attaches itself to the fish. Stages IV and V are the chalimus stages. The salmon louse eats from the fish, and grows to a length of 5 mm for the males, 10 mm for the females. Each generation takes about six weeks at a temperature of . In the pre-adult and adult stages (stage VI to IIX), the sea louse is now mobile, and it becomes possible to differentiate males and females.
Description.
The thorax is broad and shield shaped. The abdomen is narrower, and in the females, filled with eggs. The females also have two long egg strings attached to the abdomen. The salmon louse uses its feet to move around on the host or to swim from one host to another.
Effects on salmon farms.
This parasite is one of the major threats to salmon farmers. Salmons are stocked year around with hundreds to thousands of them contained in small areas of net-cages. Salmon farms are unusual, but ideal environment for the sea lice to breed. The infestations of sea lice in salmon farms increases the number of lice in the rest of the surrounding water dramatically. Sea lice also affects juvenile while salmons from the rivers migrating to the ocean and on the way they pass by the fish farms, the sea lice attaches onto them as well. These young salmon are smaller than a size of a key and not fully developed yet. When the sea lice attaches on the young salmon it can kill them. 
Disease.
Sea lice usually does not cause a lot of damage, but when a large number attach to a big fish it can kill it. The parasites can cause physical damage to the fish's fins, skin erosion, constant bleeding, and open wounds creating pathways for other pathogens. The sea lice may also act as a vector for diseases between wild and farmed salmon. These copepod vectors has caused infectious salmon anemia (ISA) along the Alantic coast. An outbreak of ISA occurred in Chile during 2007 where it spread quickly from one farm to another, destroying the salmon farms. 

</doc>
<doc id="20850588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850588" title="Harry Zvi Tabor">
Harry Zvi Tabor

Harry Zvi Tabor (born March 7, 1917 London, England) is an Israeli physicist. He is known as the father of Israeli solar energy. He is generally credited with having brought Israel's solar energy program to international prominence.
Biography.
Harry Zvi Tabor was born in 1917 to Charles and Rebecca Tabor. In 1947 he married Vivenne Landau. He received his bachelor's degree in physics from the University of London and Hebrew University. 
Scientific career.
In 1949 prime minister David Ben-Gurion sent a letter to England to offer Tabor a job on the 'physics and engineering desk' of the Research Council of Israel, which he accepted. His first task was to create the National Physical Laboratory of Israel, which had been Tabor's idea as he felt it was essential the new country have the equivalent of the English National Physical Laboratory to create standards amongst the different measurements in use in the country, primarily British, Ottoman and metric. Once the laboratory was established, he focused on solar energy for research and development. 
He was instrumental in developing the solar water heater that 95 percent of Israeli households have. In 1992 he was awarded an honorary degree from the Weizmann Institute of Science. These simple water heaters operated without pumps, whereby cold water was heated in the panel, which acted as a thermosiphon. This unit in turn became the standard for solar water heating world wide, and helped popularize the commercialization of solar thermal technology in the United States in the 1970s, where Tabor lectured and acted as a consultant to solar start-up companies such as Northrup, Inc. which subsequently merged into ARCO Solar, which became BP Solar. Tabor experimented with various coatings to optimize the absorptivity of solar energy, with minimizing the re-radiation, or emissivity of the heat absorbed. This led to his development of a "black chrome" surface for the copper water-bearing plate. 
Tabor worked with the Standards Institute of Israel, to establish testing procedures and an official performance certificates so that a solar collector could not be bought without SII certification. 
Tabor and French immigrant Lucien Bronicki developed a small solar power unit, the Organic Rankine cycle turbine, for developing countries with problematic power grids. It was designed to neutralize the maintenance issues of reciprocating engines so it had only one moving part, the rotor. A 3 kWe prototype was exhibited at the 1961 United Nations Conference on New Sources of Energy in Rome, but it failed to find commercial success.

</doc>
<doc id="20850589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850589" title="Propoxur">
Propoxur

Propoxur (Baygon) is a carbamate insecticide and was introduced in 1959. Propoxur is a non-systemic insecticide with a fast knockdown and long residual effect used against turf, forestry, and household pests and fleas. It is also used in pest control for other domestic animals, "Anopheles" mosquitoes, ants, gypsy moths, and other agricultural pests. It can also be used as a molluscicide.
Several U.S. states have petitioned the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to use propoxur against bedbug infestations, but the EPA has been reluctant to approve indoor use because of its potential toxicity to children after chronic exposure.
Action.
Carbamate insecticides kill insects by reversibly inactivating the enzyme acetylcholinesterase.
Environmental effects.
It rapidly breaks down in alkaline solution. Propoxur is highly toxic to many bird species, but its toxicity varies by the species. It is moderately to slightly toxic to fish and other aquatic species. Propoxur is highly toxic to honeybees.

</doc>
<doc id="20850594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850594" title="Merdeka Stadium (Gorontalo)">
Merdeka Stadium (Gorontalo)

Merdeka Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gorontalo, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Persigo Gorontalo of the Liga Indonesia. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20850603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850603" title="North American fur trade">
North American fur trade

The North American fur trade was the industry and activities related to the acquisition, trade, exchange, and sale of animal furs in the North American continent. Aboriginal peoples in Canada and Native Americans in the United States of different regions traded among themselves in the Pre-Columbian Era, but Europeans participated in the trade beginning from the time of their arrival in the New World and extended its reach to Europe. The French started trading in the 16th century, the English established trading posts on Hudson Bay in present-day Canada in the 17th century, and the Dutch had trade by the same time in New Netherland. The 19th-century North American fur trade, when the industry was at its peak of economic importance, involved the development of elaborate trade networks and companies.
The fur trade became one of the main economic ventures in North America attracting, at various times, competition among the French, British, Dutch, Spanish, and Russians. Indeed in the early history of the United States, capitalizing on this trade, and removing the British stranglehold over it, was seen as a major economic objective. Many Native American societies across the continent came to depend on the fur trade as their primary source of income. By the mid-1800s, however, changing fashions in Europe brought about a collapse in fur prices. The American Fur Company and some other companies failed. Many Native communities were plunged into long-term poverty and consequently lost much of the political influence they once had.
Origins.
French explorer Jacques Cartier in his three voyages into the Gulf of St. Lawrence in the 1530s and 1540s conducted some of the earliest fur trading between European and First Nations peoples associated with sixteenth century and later explorations in North America. Cartier attempted limited fur trading with the First Nations in the Gulf of St. Lawrence and along the St. Lawrence River. He concentrated on trading for furs used as trimming and adornment. He overlooked the fur that would become the driving force of the fur trade in the north, the beaver pelt, which would become fashionable in Europe.
The earliest European trading for beaver pelts dated to the growing cod fishing industry that spread to the Grand Banks of the North Atlantic in the 16th century. The new preservation technique of drying fish allowed the mainly Basque fishermen to fish near the Newfoundland coast and transport fish back to Europe for sale. Drying fish enabled gathering greater yields, which justified the economic cost and time of long voyages across the Atlantic. The fisherman sought suitable harbors with ample lumber to dry large quantities of cod. This generated their earliest contact with local Aboriginal peoples, with whom the fisherman began simple trading.
The fishermen traded metal items for beaver robes made of sewn-together, native-tanned, beaver pelts. They used the robes to keep warm on the long, cold return voyages across the Atlantic. These "castor gras" in French (or "beaver coat" in English) became prized by European hat makers in the second half of the 16th century, as they converted the pelts to fur felt. The discovery of the superior felting qualities of beaver fur, along with the rapidly increasing popularity of beaver felt hats in fashion, transformed the incidental trading of fishermen in the sixteenth century into a growing trade in the French and later English territories in the next century.
New France in the 17th century.
The transition from a seasonal coastal trade into a permanent interior fur trade was formally marked with the foundation of Quebec on the St. Lawrence River in 1608 by Samuel de Champlain. This settlement marked the beginning of the westward movement of French traders from the first permanent settlement of Tadoussac at the mouth of the Saguenay River on the Gulf of St. Lawrence, up the St. Lawrence River and into the "pays d'en haut" (or "upper country") around the Great Lakes. What followed in the first half of the 17th century were strategic moves by both the French and the indigenous groups to further their own economic and geopolitical ambitions.
Samuel de Champlain led the expansion while centralizing the French efforts. As native peoples had the primary role of suppliers in the fur trade, Champlain quickly created alliances with the Algonquin, Montagnais (who were located in the territory around Tadoussac), and most importantly, the Huron to the west. The latter, an Iroquoian-speaking people, served as middlemen between the French on the St. Lawrence and nations in the "pays d'en haut". Champlain supported the northern groups in their preexisting military struggle with the Iroquois Confederacy to the south. He secured the Ottawa River route to Georgian Bay, greatly expanding the trade. Champlain also sent young French men to live and work among the natives, most notably Étienne Brûlé, to learn the land, language, and customs, as well as to promote trade.
Champlain reformed the business of the trade, creating the first informal trust in 1613 in response to increasing losses due to competition. The trust was later formalized with a royal charter, leading to a series of trace monopolies during the term of New France. The most notable monopoly was the Company of One Hundred Associates, with occasional concessions, such as to "habitants" in the 1640s and 1650s, permitting them limited trading. While the monopolies dominated the trade, their charters also required payment of annual returns to the national government, military expenditures, and expectations that they would encourage settlement for the sparsely populated New France.
The vast wealth in the fur trade created enforcement problems for the monopoly. Unlicensed independent traders, known as "coureurs des bois" (or “runners of the woods”), began to do business in the late 17th and early 18th centuries. Over time, many Métis were drawn to the independent trade; they were the descendants of French trappers and native women. The increasing use of currency, as well as the importance of personal contacts and experience in the fur trade, gave an edge to independent traders over the more bureaucratic monopolies. The newly established English colonies to the south quickly joined the lucrative trade, raiding the St. Lawrence River valley and capturing and controlling Quebec from 1629 to 1632.
While bringing wealth to a few select French traders and the French regime, the fur trade also brought profound changes to the indigenous groups living along the St. Lawrence. European wares, such as iron axe heads, brass kettles, cloth, and firearms were bought with beaver pelts and other furs. The subsequent destruction of beaver populations along the St. Lawrence heightened the fierce competition between the Iroquois and Huron for access to the rich fur-bearing lands of the Canadian Shield. The competition for hunting is believed to have contributed to the earlier destruction of the St. Lawrence Iroquoians in the valley by 1600, likely by the Iroquois Mohawk tribe, who were located closest to them, were more powerful than the Huron, and had the most to gain by controlling this part of the valley.
Iroquois access to firearms through Dutch and later English traders along the Hudson River increased the casualties in the warfare. This greater bloodshed, previously unseen in Iroquoian warfare, increased the practice of “Mourning Wars”. The Iroquois raided neighboring groups to take captives, who were ritually adopted to replace the dead Iroquois; thus a cycle of violence and warfare escalated. More significantly, new infectious diseases brought by the French decimated native groups and broke up their communities. Combined with warfare, disease led to the near destruction of the Huron by 1650.
British and French competition.
The era from roughly 1660 through 1763 saw a fierce rivalry grow between France and Great Britain as each European power struggled to expand their fur-trading territories. The two imperial powers and their native allies competed in conflicts that culminated in the French and Indian War, a part of the Seven Years' War in Europe.
The 1659-1660 voyage of French traders Pierre-Esprit Radisson and Médard Chouart des Groseilliers into the country north and west of Lake Superior symbolically opened this new era of expansion. Their trading voyage proved extremely lucrative in furs. More importantly, they learned of a frozen sea to the north that provided easy access to the fur-bearing interior. Upon their return, French officials confiscated the furs of these unlicensed "coureurs des bois". Radisson and Groseilliers went to Boston and then to London to secure funding and two ships to explore the Hudson Bay. Their success led to England's chartering of the Hudson's Bay Company in 1670, a major player in the fur trade for the next two centuries.
French exploration and expansion westward continued with men such as La Salle and Marquette exploring and claiming the Great Lakes as well as the Ohio and Mississippi River valleys. To bolster these territorial claims, the French constructed a series of small fortifications, beginning with Fort Frontenac on Lake Ontario in 1673. Together with the construction of "Le Griffon" in 1679, the first full-sized sailing ship on the Great Lakes, the forts opened the upper Great Lakes to French navigation.
During the 1640s and 1650s, the Iroquois Wars forced a massive demographic shift as Iroquois western neighbors fled the violence. They sought refuge west and north of Lake Michigan. More native groups learned about European wares and became trading middlemen, most notably the Ottawa. The competitive impact of the new English Hudson's Bay Company trade was felt as early as 1671, with diminished returns for the French and the role of the native middlemen. This new competition directly stimulated French expansion into the North West to win back native customers. What followed was a continual expansion north and west of Lake Superior. The French used diplomatic negotiations with natives to win back trade and an aggressive military policy to temporarily eliminate the Hudson's Bay Company competition. At the same time, the English presence in New England grew stronger, while the French were occupied with trying to combat the "coureurs de bois" and allied Indians from smuggling furs to the English for often higher prices and higher quality goods than they could offer.
The settlement of native refugees from the Iroquois Wars in the western and northern Great Lakes combined with the decline of the Ottawa middlemen to create vast new markets for French traders. Resurgent Iroquoian warfare in the 1680s also stimulated the fur trade as native French allies bought weapons. The new more distant markets and fierce English competition stifled direct trade from the North West with Montreal. The old system of native middlemen and "coureurs de bois" traveling to trade fairs in Montreal or illegally to English markets was replaced by an increasingly complex and labor-intensive trade network. Licensed "voyageurs," allied with Montreal merchants, used water routes to reach the far-flung corners of the North West with canoe loads of trade goods. These risky ventures required large initial investments and had a very slow return. The first revenues from fur sales in Europe did not arrive until four or more years after the initial investment. These economic factors concentrated the fur trade in the hands of a few large Montreal merchants who had available capital. This trend expanded in the eighteenth century, and reached its zenith with the great fur-trading companies of the nineteenth century.
Indian response to French-English competition - over exploitation and depletion of beavers.
The effect on beaver stocks of competition between the English and the French was disastrous. The status of beavers changed dramatically as it went from being a source of food and clothing for Indians to a vital good for exchange with the Europeans. The French were constantly in search of cheaper fur and trying to cut off the Indian middleman which led them to explore the interior all the way into Lake Winnipeg and Central Plains. While some historians dispute the claims that the competition was predominantly responsible for over-exploitation of stocks, others have used empirical analysis to emphasize the changing economic incentives for Indians and role of the Europeans in the matter. Innis holds that the population of beavers decreased dramatically even before the rivalry in the 1700s and stocks in far-flung western areas were increasingly being tapped before there was any serious competition between the English and the French. However, there is widespread agreement on the matter in ethnohistory literature that Indians depleted the resource. Calvin Martin holds that there was a breakdown of the relationship between man and animal in the values of the Indians which made them drastically accelerate the exploitation of reserves.
The English and French had very different trading hierarchical structures. The Hudson's Bay Company had a technical monopoly of the beaver trade within the drainage basin of Hudson Bay while the Compagnie d'Occident was given a monopoly of the beaver trade farther south. The English organized their trade on strictly hierarchical lines while the French used licenses to lease the use of their posts. This meant that the French incentivized the extension of trade, and French traders did indeed infiltrate much of the Great Lakes region. The French established posts on Lake Winnipeg, Lac des Praires and Lake Nipigon which represented a serious threat to flow of furs to the York Factory. The increasing penetration near English ports now meant that the Indians had more than one place to sell their goods.
As competition increased between the English and the French in 1700s, the fur was still predominantly caught by Indian tribes which acted as the middleman. The response to increased competition lead to a severe over-harvesting of beavers. Data from three of the trading posts of the Hudson's Bay Company show this trend. The simulation of beaver populations around trading posts are done by taking into account the beaver returns from each trading post, biological evidence on beaver population dynamics and contemporary estimates of beaver densities. While the view that increased competition between the English and the French led to over-exploitation of beaver stocks by the Indians does not receive uncritical support, most believe that Indians were the primary actors in depleting animal stocks. However, there has been a lack of critical discussion on other factors such as beaver population dynamics, the number of animals harvested, nature of property rights, prices, role of the English and the French in the matter.
The primary effect of increased French competition was that the English raised the prices that they paid to the Indians to harvest fur. The result of this was greater incentive for Indians to increase harvests. Increased price will lead to a gap between demand and supply and to a higher equilibrium in terms of supply. Data from the trading posts show that the supply of beavers from the Indians was price elastic and therefore traders responded with increased harvests as prices rose. The harvests were further increased due to the fact that no tribe had an absolute monopoly near any trade and most of them were competing against each other to derive the maximum benefit from the presence of the English and the French.
Additionally, the problem of the commons is also glaringly visible in this matter. Open access to resources leads to no incentive to conserve stocks and actors which try to conserve lose out compared to the others when it comes to maximizing economic output. Therefore there appeared to be a lack of concern by tribes of the First Nations about the sustainability of the fur trade. The problem of over-exploitation is not helped by the fact that the efforts by the French to remove the middle men such as the Huron who increasingly resented their influence meant that stocks were put under more pressure. All these factors contributed to an unsustainable trade pattern in furs which depleted beaver stocks very fast.
An empirical study done by Ann M. Carlos and Frank D. Lewis show that apart from the settling to a lower level of stable population, further declines were caused by over-harvestation in two of the three English trading posts (Albany and York). The data from the third trading post are also very interesting in that the post did not come under French pressure and was therefore shielded from the kind of overexploitation of stocks which resulted at the other trading posts. At Fort Churchill, the stocks of beaver adjusted to the maximum sustained yield level. The data from Churchill further reinforce the case of over-exploitation of stocks caused by the French-English competition.
The English colonies.
By the end of the 18th century the four major British fur trading outposts were Fort Niagara in modern New York, Fort Detroit and Fort Michilimackinac in modern Michigan, and Grand Portage in modern Minnesota, all located in the Great Lakes region. The American Revolution and the resulting resolution of national borders forced the British to re-locate their trading centers northward. The newly formed United States began its own attempts to capitalize on the fur trade with initially some success. However by the 1830s the fur trade had begun a steep decline. Fur was never again the lucrative enterprise it had once been.
Social and cultural impact.
The fur trade and its actors has played a certain role in films and popular culture. It was the topic of various books and films, from James Fenimore Cooper via Irving Pichels "Hudson's Bay" of 1941, the popular Canadian musical "My Fur Lady" (music by Galt MacDermot) of 1957, till Nicolas Vaniers documentaries. However, in contrast to "the huddy buddy narration of Canada as Hudson's country", propagated either in popular culture as well in elitist circles as the Beaver Club, founded 1785 in Montreal the often male-centered scholarly description of the fur business does not fully describe the history. Chantal Nadeau, a communication scientist in Montreal's Concordia University refers to the "country wives" and "country marriages" between Indian women and European trappers and the "Filles du Roy" of the 18th century. Nadeau says that women have been described as a sort of commodity, "skin for skin", and they were essential to the sustainable prolongation of the fur trade.
Nadeau describes fur as an essential, "the fabric" of Canadian symbolism and nationhood. She notes the controversies around the Canadian seal hunt, with Brigitte Bardot as a leading figure. Bardot, a famous actress, had been a model in the 1971 "Legend" campaign of the US mink label Blackglama, for which she posed nude in fur coats. Her involvement in anti-fur campaigns shortly afterward was in response to a request by the noted author Marguerite Yourcenar, who asked Bardot to use her celebrity status to help the anti-sealing movement. Bardot had successes as an anti-fur activist and changed from sex symbol to the grown-up mama of "white seal babies". Nadeau related this to her later involvement in French right-wing politics. The anti-fur movement in Canada was intertwined with the nation's exploration of history during and after the Quiet Revolution in Quebec, until the roll back of the anti-fur movement in the late 1990s. Finally, the PETA celebrity campaign: "I'd rather go naked than wear fur", turned around the "skin for skin" motto and symbology against fur and the fur trade.
Métis people.
The Métis peoples of Canada are descended of marriages of Cree, Ojibway, Algonquin, Saulteaux, Menominee, Mi'kmaq, Maliseet, and other First Nations to Europeans, mainly French. The marriages were generally between Indian women and French men. Along with the First Nations and Inuit, the Métis are one of the three officially recognized Aboriginal peoples in Canada. Commonly pronounced or in English, in Quebec French, in Standard French, in Michif, they are also sometimes historically known as Bois-Brûlés, Mestizo, mixed-bloods, half-breeds, Acadian or country-born.
Modern day.
Modern fur trapping and trading in North America is part of a wider $15 billion global fur industry where wild animal pelts make up only 15 percent of total fur output.
In 2008, the global recession hit the fur industry and trappers especially hard with greatly depressed fur prices thanks to a drop in the sale of expensive fur coats and hats. Such a drop in fur prices reflects trends of previous economic downturns.
In 2013, the North American Fur Industry Communications group (NAFIC) was established as a cooperative public educational program for the fur industry in Canada and the USA. NAFIC disseminates information via the Internet under the brand name “Truth About Fur”.
Members of NAFIC are: the auction houses American Legend Cooperative in Seattle, North American Fur Auctions in Toronto, and Fur Harvesters Auction in North Bay, Ontario; the American Mink Council, representing US mink producers; the mink farmers’ associations Canada Mink Breeders Association and Fur Commission USA; the trade associations Fur Council of Canada and Fur Information Council of America; the Fur Institute of Canada, leader of the country’s trap research and testing program; Fur wRaps The Hill, the political and legislative arm of the North American fur industry; and the International Fur Federation, based in London, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20850613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850613" title="Wade Taylor">
Wade Taylor

Wade Eric Taylor (born October 19, 1965 in Mobile, Alabama) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played with the New York Yankees in . 
Taylor played college baseball at the University of Miami. He was drafted twice in , first by the Toronto Blue Jays, and then by the Los Angeles Dodgers, but did not sign with either team. On June 30, , he was signed by the Seattle Mariners as an amateur free agent. 
He pitched in 12 games for Seattle's Single-A minor league affiliate, the Bellingham Mariners, in 1987. 
On December 22, 1987, Taylor was traded with Lee Guetterman and Clay Parker to the New York Yankees in exchange for Henry Cotto and Steve Trout. After spending three full years in the Yankees minor league system, Taylor was called up in early June . Taylor started his first game on June 2 against the Milwaukee Brewers. He pitched 5.1 innings, allowing seven hits and four earned runs. He also struck out four Brewers' hitter, pitching well enough to get credited with the win in the Yankees 7-4 defeat of Milwaukee. 
In 23 games for the Yankees in 1991, Taylor posted a 7-12 win-loss record, a 6.27 earned run average, and struck out 72 batters in 116.1 innings. 
Taylor pitched in only 5 minor league games in , and only 7 in . After not playing in professional baseball from 1994 to 1999, Taylor resurfaced with the Greenville Bluesmen of the Independent Texas-Louisiana League. He pitched in 17 games for Greenville, going 1-4 with a 6.82 ERA. He did not play again after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20850651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850651" title="The Dog of Montarges">
The Dog of Montarges

The Dog of Montargis, or Murder in the Wood was a 19th-century melodrama, based on the tale of Robert Macaire and his trial-by-combat with a dog. It arose from the Parisian actor and theatre director René Charles Guilbert de Pixérécourt and premiered on 18 June 1814 as "Le Chien de Montargis, ou la Forêt de Bondy, mélodrame historique en trois actes et à grand spectacle" at the Parisian Théâtre de la Gaîté on Boulevard du Temple, where it had an uninterrupted run in that theatre's repertoire until 1834. Like many melodramas, it had several English language adaptations. John Fawcett, manager of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, applied on September 17, 1814 for a license to present a two-act adaptation by William Barrymore, originally titled Murder Will Out with the alternate and more commonly used title The Dog of Montargis, or, The Forest of Bondy. The first performance was September 30. Other adaptations followed, including an 1816 three-act version attributed to Sir Henry Bishop, and a two-act version by Thomas Dibdin. Versions were performed at many playhouses in London and in the United States throughout the nineteenth century.
A German translation by Ignaz Franz Castelli, with music by Ignaz von Seyfried, premiered on 4 October 1815 at Berlin's Königliche Schauspiele. It already had a competitor in Vienna in September 1815, with Joseph August Adam's "Der Hund des Aubri de Montdidier, oder der Zweikampf auf der Insel Notre-Dame. Ein romantisches Schauspiel in vier Aufzügen", but this did not become generally accepted alongside Castelli and Pixérécourt's version, and the piece soon spread throughout Europe, even being given at Weimar for the great dog-lover Charles Augustus starring Charles Augustus's lover Karoline Jagemann.
Summary.
The plot is based on a legend from the 14th Century, that survived in a letter from Julius Caesar Scaliger. A knight and favourite of King Charles V, Aubry de Montdidier, is murdered in 1371 by his rival Robert Macaire in the forest near Bondy. Aubry's hound, the only creature that actually witnessed the murder, succeeds in bringing suspicion on Macaire. The king decides it would be God's will to allow the dog and the accused to fight.
The best-known version, allegedly by Michel de Montaigne, was recorded as a handwritten note in a copy of his Essais ("Apology for Raimond de Sebond, livre II/12", where Plutarch quoted a story about the dog); but this is certainly a forgery. Pixérécourt gives eight sources for its dramatisation, including Jean-Baptiste de La Curne de Sainte-Palaye and Philippe-Auguste de Sainte-Foix.
A statue of the fight is still a landmark in the French community of Montargis.
Dramatisation.
The Dog of Montarges tells the story of a falsely accused mute and his acquittal. The play is part of a dramatic tradition known as melodrama, a genre that aims to connect with an audience at an emotional, visceral and sentimental level. A play in this tradition strives to show human emotions, and is therefore not given to subtlety in language or hidden ironies. It is also largely dependent on theatrical gestures that convey emotions that words cannot.
In the play, Dame Gertrude oversees an inn at which Eloi, Ursula and Bertrand work. They must entertain a group of soldiers (members of a higher class than that of the inn keepers) who have returned from battle. Upon the arrival of these soldiers, Colonel Gontram, Captain Aubri and the Lieutenants Macaire and Landry, the audience quickly learns that Aubri has been promoted to Captain and given the hand of the general's daughter in marriage. Macaire and Landry are jealous, and plot his downfall.
That night, in the Forest of Bondy, through which Aubri with his dog, Dragon, is passing to deliver a packet on behalf of the Colonel, Macaire and Landry attack and murder Aubri. They bury his body, confident that nobody witnessed the crime. Dragon runs away and Macaire and Landry flee the scene.
The next morning, Eloi, the mute worker at the inn who is betrothed to Ursula, is accused of the murder of Aubri because he (Eloi) is found with a pocketbook full of gold that belonged to Aubri. Aubri had, in fact, given this gold to Eloi so that Eloi could deliver it to Aubri's mother in Paris in the event that anything were to happen to Aubri during his dangerous night journey through Bondy. The circumstantial evidence is taken to prove Eloi's guilt, and Eloi, mute and unable to defend himself, is condemned to death.
A series of events then clears Eloi's name. A sash is found by the dog Dragon near Aubri's body in the Forest of Bondy that belongs to a member of the visiting regiment. Urusula concludes that whoever does not have a sash is the murderer. However, Macaire, to whom the sash belongs, takes another sash from the body of Aubri and uses it to feign his innocence. Finally, Ursula sees the sword in Macaire's scabbard. She takes it out and says that she gave the knot of thread tied around the sword to Aubri. Macaire, succumbing to his conscience, admits his guilt and is condemned to death. He incriminates Landry, who tries to escape, but is chased and mauled by Dragon.
The success of the theatrical version resulted from a trained dog with a silent role, which allowed a pantomime actor to portray the silent servant Eloi accused of murdering his master Aubry. He can defend himself, but due to his disability does not.
In the end he needs help from Aubry's dog Dragon, which is also mute. The dramatisation does not end in a fight like the legend; the mythical narrative is replaced by a search for clues like a modern detective story. The dog is killed by Aubry's foes, but the murderer is recognized by using a belt with which he had tied the dog on the scene.
The name for the breed, Briard, is sometimes called "Chien d'Aubry", so it is suggested that a trained Briard may have been used in the role of the dog in Pixérécourt's version. 
For the first German performances, a Viennese actor named Karsten with his trained poodles was used.
Consequences.
Carl Friedrich Zelter wanted to offer the Berlin premiere something positive. At the instigation of actress Karoline Jagemann, the melodrama was performed at the Weimar court theatre of the Grand Duke Charles Augustus, in April 1817. Because Goethe's opposition to this performance was unsuccessful, he asked to be dismissed from the theatre.
The aristocratic fondness for dogs and horses stood in direct competition with civic education aspirations since the 18th century. The piece was parodied by Joachim Perinet ("Dragon, der Hund des Aubry oder: Der Wienerwald", 1816) and Pius Alexander Wolff ("Der Hund des Aubry. Posse in einem Aufzug", 1818). Goethe's departure from the theatre was in turn dramatised as "Der Hund des Aubri. Ein Zeitbild" (1869) by Albert Lindner.
1909 a silent movie was made by Georges Monca for Pathé after a script by Romain Coolus.
In 1943, a lecture by Gustaf Gründgens in front of the Nazi National Association of Artists promoted a nationalist, particularly anti-French, condemnation of the piece.
Bibliography.
"Translator's note: These are in French and German."
References.
"Translator's note: These are in French."

</doc>
<doc id="20850655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850655" title="Paolo Angioni">
Paolo Angioni

Paolo Angioni (born 22 January 1938) is an Italian former equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20850672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850672" title="Giuseppe Ravano">
Giuseppe Ravano

Giuseppe Ravano (born 5 February 1943) is an Italian equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20850680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850680" title="John Dowd (baseball)">
John Dowd (baseball)

John Leo Dowd (born John Leo O'Dowd from January 3, 1891 to January 31, 1981) was a Major League Baseball Shortstop. Dowd played for the New York Highlanders in . In 10 career games, he had a .194 batting average, with six hits in 31 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Dowd was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts and died in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20850686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850686" title="René Charles Guilbert de Pixérécourt">
René Charles Guilbert de Pixérécourt

René Charles Guilbert de Pixerécourt (22 January 1773 – 27 July 1844) was a French theatre director and playwright, active at the Théâtre de la Gaîté and best known for his modern melodramas such as "The Dog of Montarges", the performance of which at Weimar roused the indignation of Goethe.
Life.
He was born at Nancy into a Lorraine family of rural nobles. His parents, after the sale of the Pixerécourt estate, bought another in the Vosges, Saint-Vallier, in the hope of recovering their feudal and manorial rights, and possibly in time acquiring a marquisate. The château was in poor condition, the kind which "could make you a marquis and a mendicant in the same instant" in the words of Jules Janin. The family's hopes were ruined by the Revolution. At the age of twenty, in 1793, Pixerécourt abandoned his studies of law and left Nancy "on the day of the King's death" to meet his father at Koblenz and enter the Breton regiment as an officer in the army of Condé. At the end of the year he returned to France to make his fortune, entering via Nancy and arriving in Paris on 27 February 1794 at the height of the Reign of Terror. After the denunciations of the Committee of Public Safety, Pixerécourt owed his life to the protection of Lazare Carnot who, for nearly two years, employed him as a secretary in the Ministry of War. He then obtained two posts, one in the Administration of Domains and another in that of Registrations, both of which he was to retain for thirty years and which allowed him, particularly at the beginning, the pursuit of a career in the theatre. He would eventually become director of the Théâtre royal de l’Opéra-Comique (from 1824 to 1827) and of the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique.
The general mistrust of ex-émigrés prompted him to take the pseudonym of "Charles" for his first works. He had taken only one book with him into exile: the "Nouvelles" of Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian, which gave him the subject of his first two plays: "Sélico ou les Nègres généreux" ("Sélico, or The Magnanimous Slaves"), purchased by the Théâtre-Français, and "Claudine ou l’Anglais vertueux" ("Claudine, or the Virtuous Englishman"), taken up by Salle Favart. His first great success came in 1800 with "Cœlina ou l’Enfant du mystère" ("Coelina, or The Child of Mystery"). The following year, in April, "Le Pèlerin blanc ou les Enfants du hameau" ("The White Pilgrim, or the Children of the Village") ran for 386 performances at L’Ambigu. This was nearly beaten by "L'Homme à trois visages" ("The Man With Three Faces") which ran for 378 nights at the same theatre. In September 1802, "La Femme à deux maris" ("The Wife With Two Husbands") continued his good fortune. In 1803, "Tékéli", performed by Tantin and Mme Bourgeois, broke his previous record with a run of 430 nights. In 1805, "La Forteresse du Danube" and "Robinson Crusoé" ran for a whole year at the Porte-Saint-Martin.
In 1809, he began writing for the Théâtre de la Gaîté, his first play there being "La Citerne"; on 30 October 1810, his first hit was "Les Ruines de Babylone". From then until 1814, his success continued, with a major triumph in the June of that year with "Le Chien de Montargis" (400 performances). In 1815, after the total failure of "Christophe Colomb", he regained success with "Le Monastère abandonné ou la Malédiction paternelle" ("The Abandoned Monastery, or the Paternal Curse") which lasted 267 performances. And in 1818, still at La Gaîté, "Le Belvédère ou la Vallée de l’Etna" ("The Belvedere, or the Valley of Etna") owed its success not just to the playwright but also to the magnificent art direction of Louis Daguerre who contributed the volcanic backdrop. In 1819, he returned to L’Ambigu with "La Fille de l’Exilé ou Huit mois en deux heures" ("The Exile's Daughter, or Eight Months and Two Hours").
From 1820, his successes continued, albeit with around a hundred performances for each play: "Le Drapeau blanc" ("The White Flag", 1821), "Ali Baba ou les Quarante voleurs" ("Ali Baba, or the Forty Thieves", 1822), "Le Moulin des Étangs" ("The Mill", 1826), and "La Tête de mort ou les Ruines de Pompéi" ("The Death's-Head, or the Ruins of Pompeii", 1827). Some plays were written in collaboration, like "La Muette de la forêt" ("The Mute Girl of the Forest", 1828). His last play before retiring as director of the Opéra-Comique in 1827 would be "Latude ou Trente-cinq ans de captivité" ("Latude, or 35 Years of Captivity"), written with his young disciple Auguste Anicet-Bourgeois. For nearly forty years, he maintained his energetic activities as author, theatre director and government inspector. His immense success as a dramatic author led to him being dubbed the "Corneille des Boulevards". Paul Lacroix recalled that Charles Nodier placed him in the first rank of authors of his generation. His reputation was almost as high in Russia, Germany, and England. His wealth allowed him to add many rare books to his library, the great passion of his life. A distich inscribed above the door read: "Tel est le triste sort de tout livre prêté: Souvent il est perdu, toujours il est gâté." ("Such is the sad fate of every lent book: Often it is lost, always it is marred.") And inside each of his books, a slip of paper read: "Un livre est un ami qui ne change jamais." ("A book is a friend who never changes.")
On 21 February 1835, the Théâtre de la Gaîté, on the Boulevard du Temple, was completely destroyed by fire. His last play there was "Bijou ou l’Enfant de Paris" ("Bijou, or the Child of Paris"): apparently firework effects were being tested during a dress rehearsal. The Théâtre de la Gaîté would however be reconstructed very rapidly, with metal frames, to reopen on 19 November, the reconstruction being overseen by Bernard Léon who had only just bought the venue for 500 000 francs. (Nevertheless it would merge with L’Ambigu only ten years later.) Pixerécourt won the day in court and avoided ruin. Although he was not the theatre's owner, he had lost an immense quantity of properties and scenery (estimated as worth 300 000 francs) which contributed greatly to the success of his dramatic presentations. The stress of the accident greatly damaged his health. Already a victim of kidneystones and gout, he had his first attack of apoplexy, and his eyesight began to fail.
Around 1838, he left his Parisian "headquarters" at Fontenay-sous-Bois (a house which had belonged to his friend, the composer Nicolas Dalayrac, whose biography he had written) and retired to his birthplace, Nancy, possibly living in a house southeast of the town at Haussonville, "le seul bien que m’ait laissé ma famille" ("the only property my family has left me"), where, greatly weakened, he set about editing his complete works. His "Théâtre choisi" was published at Nancy in four volumes from 1841 to 1843. He also published the catalogue of his library at Saint-Nicolas-de-Port. He had possessed more than 4000 volumes, purchased over many years for 100 000 francs, and the value of which had greatly increased when they were sold on 22 January 1839 at the Libraire Crozet, at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20850694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850694" title="2000 Washington Huskies football team">
2000 Washington Huskies football team

The 2000 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A college football season. The Huskies won the 2001 Rose Bowl.
Season summary.
Washington, under second-year head coach Rick Neuheisel, opened the 2000 season with a 44-20 victory over the Idaho Vandals. The Miami Hurricanes traveled to Seattle the next week and senior QB Marques Tuiasosopo threw for 223 yards and ran for 45 as the Huskies handed the #4 Hurricanes their only loss of the season 34-29.
The following week former Colorado coach Rick Neuheisel led his Huskies to Boulder, Colorado to face his former team. The Huskies celebrated their coach's homecoming with a 17-14 victory. Oregon spoiled Washington's hopes for a perfect season with a 23-16 setback but the Huskies responded the next week with a dramatic 33-30 victory over eventual Fiesta Bowl champion Oregon State. The following five weeks saw the Huskies have to battle back from second half deficits in every game, including a 31-28 win over Stanford that was marked with tragedy. Safety Curtis Williams was paralyzed after a neck injury during the game. For the remainder of the season, players and coaches wore the letters "CW" on helmets and uniforms in honor of him. After several second half comebacks, Washington was finally able to win a game easily with a 51-3 victory over Washington State in the Apple Cup setting a record for largest margin of victory in the series. With the win over the Cougars, paired with an Oregon State win over Oregon, the Huskies were headed to the Rose Bowl. Marques Tuiasosopo earned Rose Bowl MVP honors as he led Washington to a 34-24 win over Purdue and Drew Brees. The Huskies finished ranked #3 in the polls.

</doc>
<doc id="20850698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850698" title="Deadly Handsome Man">
Deadly Handsome Man

"Deadly Handsome Man" is Marcy Playground's seventh single & the first single from their third LP MP3. The song was originally called "The Devil's Song" and first appeared on the Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back movie soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20850700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850700" title="Plum Orchard Lake Wildlife Management Area">
Plum Orchard Lake Wildlife Management Area

Plum Orchard Lake Wildlife Management Area, is located near Pax, West Virginia in Fayette county. Located on land that varies from wetlands to steeply forested woodlands, the Pleasant Creek WMA rises to an elevation of .
Access to Plum Orchard Lake WMA is from the Mossy or Pax exits of I-77, then following County Route 23 (Paint Creek Road) to County Route 23/1 (Plum Orchard Lake Road.)
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities in Plum Orchard Lake WMA include deer, raccoon, squirrel, turkey and waterfowl.
Fishing opportunities in Plum Orchard Lake include largemouth bass, channel catfish, crappie, bluegill, sunfish, crappie.
Four boat ramps are available at Plum Orchard Lake. Forty-two (42) rustic camping sites for tents or trailers are available in the WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="20850710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850710" title="Ewartia planchonii">
Ewartia planchonii

Ewartia planchonii is a species of plant. It is native to Tasmania, Australia.
Cladistic analysis suggests that "Ewartia" is paraphyletic with respect to "Euchiton", with "Ewartia planchonii" the sister taxon to "Euchiton".

</doc>
<doc id="20850726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850726" title="Bekhud Badayuni">
Bekhud Badayuni

Muhammad Abdul-Hayy Siddiqui (Urdu/Arabic: محمّد عبدالحي صدیقی), writing under the pen-name Bekhud Badayuni (Urdu/Persian: بےخود بدایونی), was one of the leading Urdu poets of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. 
It is customary for Urdu poets to assume a pen-name ("takhallus") that can be employed as a pun in the final couplet of every ghazal, often combined with a second name that denotes the poet's place of origin. In this case, "Bekhud", the pen-name means "beside oneself (with joy or grief), out of one's mind; in ecstasy, transported, enraptured, intoxicated; senseless, delirious", commonly used in the context of spiritual ecstasy, and is paired with "Badayuni", which indicates ties to the city of Badayun.
History.
Bekhud Badayuni's most recent biographer was Asad Ahmad of Aligarh Muslim University's Urdu Department, who drew upon the work of prior biographers, including Hasrat Mohani.
Bekhud Badayuni was born on September 17, 1857 into Badayun's prominent Siddiqui family, known for its leadership in the areas of Islamic scholarship, mysticism (tasawwuf or "Sufism"), and literary pursuits. He was a descendant of the first Caliph, Abu Bakr; an intermediate ancestor, Hameeduddin Mukhlis, immigrated to Delhi from Iran in the late 13th century during the reign of Sultan Ghiyasuddin Balban, and was the brother of Shaikh Saadi Shirazi, one of the seminal and most-quoted poets of Persian literature. Balban appointed Hameeduddin "qadi-ul-quddat" (literally "judge-of-judges", or Chief Justice) and granted him an extensive landholding in Badayun, at the time one of the key cities of the Delhi Sultanate. It is also reported that Hameeduddin presented Saadi's two major works, Golistan and Bostan, as a gift to Prince Muhammad Shaheed (Balban's favorite son, and patron - along with Balban - of the great poet, musician, and mystic Amir Khusro).
Life.
Bekhud trained and qualified as a lawyer, and spent time practicing law in Muradabad and Shahjahanpur. Tiring of the practice of law, he eventually entered into government service, serving as a high official first in the princely state of Sirohi (in Rajasthan), then in the princely state of Jodhpur, where he spent the remainder of his days. He died in 1912 in Badayun.
Influences.
Bekhud initially entered the tutelage of Maulana Altaf Hussain Hali, Ghalib's most renowned protégé; it was under Hali's guidance that Bekhud chose his pen-name. Around 1879, concurrent with the publication of Hali's "Musaddas-e-Hali" (considered the beginning of the modern age of Urdu poetry) and Hali's shift in focus away from traditional forms and subjects of poetry, Bekhud left Hali and became the disciple of Nawab Mirza Khan Daagh Dehlvi, the last of the great poets of the erstwhile Mughal court. Upon Daagh's death, many of his numerous disciples clamored for the honor of being his "jaa-nasheen" (successor to his title and reputation as the greatest living Urdu poet); in his own memoirs, Bekhud reproaches many of Daagh's disciples for the manner in which they squabbled, and himself chose to remain aloof from the debate. Despite Bekhud's own reticence, Dr. Asad Ahmad quotes a well-known anecdote relating that Daagh, when asked to name his "jaa-nasheen", replied, "Bekhud-ain two Bekhuds", referring to Bekhud Badayuni and Bekhud Dehlvi (a fellow student of Daagh).
Poetry.
Much of Bekhud's poetry has fallen out of contemporary discourse, for a variety of reasons. In part, this circumstance is due to Bekhud's own reticence and limited publication of his works. He did not publish his collection of poetry (diwan) until 1910 (two years before his death) despite having compiled the bulk of it as early as fifteen years prior. Biographers and critics have speculated that even this late publication of Bekhud's work occurred primarily to combat the plagiarism and misappropriation of his poetic works by other poets (since, short of publication, oral transmission is the primary medium for Urdu poetry). Bekhud's residence in Jodhpur, isolated from the main centers of Urdu literature in Delhi and Lucknow, also limited the circulation of his work and provided the opportunity for some of Bekhud's contemporaries in the centers of literature to pass his work off as their own. For this reason, much of his work has grown unfamiliar to the current generation of Urdu speakers, despite having been integral to any serious poet's or critic's study of Urdu poetry until late into the 20th century. At the same time, several of his works have been mis-attributed to Bekhud Dehlvi or other poets of his time.
Published works.
"Hosh-o-Khirad ki Dukaan" (The Shop of Sense and Wisdom) (1889) (هوش و خرد کی دکان)
"Sabr-o-Shakeeb ki Loot" (The Plundering of Patience and Forbearance) (1889) (صبر و شکيب کی لوٿ)
"Marraat-ul-Khayaal" (The Mirror of Thoughts) (1910) (مراﺓ الخيال)
"Afsaanah-e-Bekhud" (The Tale of Bekhud) (deate unknown) (افسانه بےخود)

</doc>
<doc id="20850730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850730" title="Arnaud Boiteau">
Arnaud Boiteau

Arnaud Boiteau (born 7 November 1973 in Angers) is a French equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="20850741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850741" title="Hilary Evans">
Hilary Evans

Hilary Agard Evans (6 March 1929 – 27 July 2011) was a British pictorial archivist, author, and researcher into UFOs and other paranormal phenomena.
Biography.
Evans was born in Shrewsbury, United Kingdom and educated at St George’s School at Harpenden. After National Service in Palestine he went up to King’s College, Cambridge, to read English, followed by a Master’s at Birmingham University. He then spent some time as a private tutor before joining Mather & Crowther advertising agency as a copywriter in 1953.
In 1964 he and his wife Mary Evans (1936–2010) founded the Mary Evans Picture Library, an archive of historical illustrations. In 1981 he co-founded the Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena.
Evans was an exponent of the Psychosocial Hypothesis of UFOs as culturally shaped visionary experiences.
References.
Additional book reviews

</doc>
<doc id="20850759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850759" title="Cédric Lyard">
Cédric Lyard

Cédric Lyard (born 22 January 1972 in Grenoble) is a French equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="20850769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850769" title="Kita-Sakado Station">
Kita-Sakado Station

Lines.
Kita-Sakado Station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo. Located between and , it is 42.7 km from the Ikebukuro terminus.
Express, Semi express, Commuter express, and Local services stop at this station. During the daytime, the station is served by four Express trains per hour in each direction between Ikebukuro and or stations.
Station layout.
The station consists of a single island platform serving two tracks. The station building is located above the platforms.
History.
The station opened on 21 August 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 19,794 passengers daily.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Kita-Sakado Station becoming "TJ-27".
Bus services.
The east side of the station is served by the "Sakacchi Bus" (Ōya Line) and "Sakacchi Wagon" (Maguro Line & Shigaichi Line) community minibus services operated by the city of Sakado.

</doc>
<doc id="20850770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850770" title="Old Friends">
Old Friends

Old Friends may refer to:
In music:
In television:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20850773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850773" title="Jack Enright">
Jack Enright

Jackson Percy (Jack) Enright (November 29, 1895 – August 18, 1975) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Enright played for the New York Yankees in . In 11 career games, he had a 0–1 record with a 5.40 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Enright was born in Fort Worth, Texas and died in Pompano Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20850785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850785" title="Weimar Princely Free Zeichenschule">
Weimar Princely Free Zeichenschule

The Weimar Princely Free Zeichenschule ("Fürstliche freie Zeichenschule Weimar") was an art and literature educational establishment. It was set up in 1776 in Weimar by the scholar and ducal private-secretary Friedrich Justin Bertuch (1747-1822) and the painter Georg Melchior Kraus (1737-1806), as part of Weimar Classicism. It was financed by the young Charles Augustus, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach and heavily promoted by Goethe, who also taught there. Among its pupils were Charles Augustus's future mistress Karoline Jagemann. It lasted until 1930.
As Weimar's Geheimer Rat had oversight over the school from 1788 to 1832, it is not to be confused with the Großherzoglich-Sächsischen Kunstschule Weimar (set up in 1860), the original version of the Weimarer Kunsthochschule. The school's classrooms were originally housed in the Roten Schloss, moving into the Fürstenhaus in 1807 and later moving partly to the Esplanade and partly to the Großen Jägerhaus. From 1824/25, under the oversight of custodian and painter Louise Seidler (1786-1866), it also housed the grand-ducal art collection.
Aims.
The foundation of the school is a clear indication of the rising interest in arts and crafts in court circles in the second half of 18th century. Its immediate main aim was to instruct local craftsmen in drawing, to sharpen their sense of aesthetics in consumables and in the longer term to an increase in the quality of production in handcrafts. In order to advance art, taste and a sense of beauty to as wide a public as possible, its classes and living conditions were open to all classes and both sexes. It was an important place for the discovery and promotion of new talent and drew many artists into the orbit of Weimar Classicism and its "Musenhof". 
To complete its pupils' knowledge and artistic talents by comparison and copying, from 1809 the school also developed its own collection of major paintings, giving exhibitions from 1809, which were generally housed from 1824/25 in the Grossen Jägerhaus. From 1837 the dissolved grand-ducal art collection was also put at the school's disposal. 
The school's first annual exhibition, for the pupils to display their work publicly, was in 1779. The prize related to the exhibition was traditionally awarded on 3 September, the birthday of Charles Augustus.
The school found a competitor in 1860 with the foundation of the Grossherzogliche Kunstschule, and from then until its dissolution in 1930 the school gave preparatory lessons for students entering the Kunstschule.
Related people.
Teachers.
Besides the directors, these figures also taught at the school:
Pupils.
Sorted by class, its pupils included:

</doc>
<doc id="20850795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850795" title="Jean Teulère">
Jean Teulère

Jean Teulère (born 24 February 1954 in Caudéran) is a French equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, and finished 4th in the individual contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20850797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850797" title="The Bottom Line Encore Collection">
The Bottom Line Encore Collection

The Bottom Line Encore Collection is the fourth live album by Harry Chapin, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music) as a two-CD compilation. It was recorded at the Village in New York, and was Harry's two-thousandth concert. The setlist was composed of songs throughout Harry's music career (1972–1981).
Track listing.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20850806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850806" title="Dutch Oven">
Dutch Oven

Dutch Oven (1879–1894) was a British Thoroughbred mare that won the 1882 St. Leger Stakes. Raced extensively as a two-year-old, she won nine races and £9429, but her form faltered in her late three and four-year-old seasons. Retired in 1884, Dutch Oven was not considered to be a success in the stud, but her offspring exported to Australia and Argentina did produce successful racehorses.
Background.
Dutch Oven was foaled in 1879 at Lord Falmouth Mereworth Castle Stud in Maidstone, Kent. She was sired by Dutch Skater, a noted long-distance runner that was bred in France and had won the Prix Gladiateur and Doncaster Cup in 1872. Dutch Oven was the fourth foal of her dam, Cantiniere, which was bred by Lord Ailesbury and was herself a successful racehorse as a two-year-old, winning six races in seven starts, including the 1872 Ascot Biennial, Chesterfield Stakes and Lavant Stakes. However by the time Lord Falmouth bought her after the death of Lord Ailesbury, she had developed into a roarer and was consequently judged to be a poor breeding prospect. In addition to Dutch Oven, Cantiniere produced her half-sister, Bal Gal, for Lord Falmouth, which won the 1880 Champagne Stakes and July Stakes. 
Dutch Oven was a brown mare with a white strip and two white heels. She was described as a "delicate" filly which had trouble maintaining weight and was subject to great variability in her racing performance. The name "Dutch Oven" resulted from a play on her parents' names and while credited at the time for being "neatly named", the choice was later assessed by historian Laura Thompson to be "possibly the least meaningful name ever given to a classic winner." Dutch Oven was trained by Mathew Dawson at Newmarket. 
Racing career.
1881:two-year-old season.
On 5 July at the Newmarket meeting, Dutch Oven ran a dead heat with the future-1000 Guineas winner St. Marguerite for third place in the July Stakes won by Kermesse. A few days later, she won the 700-sovereign Great Lancashire Yearling Stakes run at Manchester by three-quarters of a length over Mr. C. Perkin's colt Pursebearer. Ridden by Fred Archer in the 1172-guinea Richmond Stakes at Goodwood, Dutch Oven again faced St. Marguerite and Kermesse, ultimately winning by a head over St. Marguerite which dead heated with Kermesse for second place. Continuing her winning streak a few days later at the same meeting, she won the Rous Memorial Stakes by a length, beating Pursebearer while carrying . At Alexandra Park in August, she finished second by three-quarters of a length to Lord Rothschild's Nellie in the Prince of Wales' Stakes. Returning to racing on 1 September at Derby, Dutch Oven won the Champion Breeders' Foal Stakes, but was second to Kermesse by half an length in the Champagne Stakes run at Doncaster 13 days later. Recovering her form for the October meeting at Newmarket, Dutch Oven won the Triennial Produce Stakes going off at 100 to 30 odds, and she beat Nellie in the Rous Memorial Stakes and the Clearwell Stakes. In her final outing of the season at the Houghton meeting, she won the 300-sovereign Dewhurst Plate by a head. She won nine races and accrued £9429. 
1882:three-year-old season.
1882 was an exceptional year in history of the British Classic races due to fillies winning all of the races in the Triple Crown, a feat usually accomplished by male horses. In her first race of the year, Dutch Oven competed in the 103rd Derby on 24 May in a field of 14 horses. A heavy rainstorm had saturated the track before the start of the race, but the weather had cleared by the time of the running. Going off at 8 to 1 odds, Dutch Oven never contended for the lead and was unplaced in the middle of the field. The race was won by the Duke of Westminister filly Shotover, which had won the 2,000 Guineas in April by two lengths in "wretchedly untoward" weather.
In July at Goodwood, Dutch Oven was third to Comte Alfred and Battlefield for the Sussex Stakes. Running in field of only three horses, Dutch Oven won the mile and a quarter Yorkshire Oaks by three lengths over Actress and Confusion (who was jockeyed by her owner Mr. J. Osbourne). A few weeks before the St. Leger, Dutch Oven contended for the Great Yorkshire Stakes, losing to Peppermint and Nellie by four lengths.
The St. Leger.
Following the Great Yorkshire, Dutch Oven's form significantly improved and she had made good time over three practice gallops in Newmarket before running in the St. Leger. But in the eyes of the public, Dutch Oven's lackluster performance in the Great Yorkshire had decreased her stature in the betting pools and she factored at 40 to 1 in the morning line, considered a rank outsider. The 14 horse field, which included Shotover and the Oaks winner Geheimniss, consisted of 10 colts and 4 fillies. At the start, Dutch Oven was on the extreme right of the field and in the next to last position as the filly Actress took the lead. After the Red House, Geheimniss came to the front and maintained the lead as the field moved into the stretch. Dutch Oven came from the outside to beat Geheimniss by one and a half lengths, Shotover following four lengths behind. It was the first and last time in St. Leger history that fillies took the first, second and third positions in the race. Her win was met with "dead silence" from the spectators. Dutch Oven continued her streak with wins in the Great Foal Stakes and the Triennial Produce Stakes at the Newmarket October meeting. She was third to Tristan in the Champion Stakes and to Shrewsbury in the Newmarket Derby. She won £7752 over the season.
1883:four-year-old season.
Returning as a four-year-old in April at the Craven meeting, Dutch Oven walked over for the Newmarket Biennial Stakes. Over the course of the season, Dutch Oven was repeatedly out classed by Tristan, finishing second by three lengths in the running for the 2.5-mile Ascot Gold Cup and unplaced in the Hardwicke Stakes a few days later. She won the Her Majesty's Plate at Four Oaks Park and was third in the Goodwood Cup to Border Minstrel. At Newmarket in October, she won the Triennial Stakes but was again third to Tristan and Ossian in the Champion Stakes. At Houghton, in what was her final career engagement, Dutch Oven was fourth and last in the Jockey Club Cup won by Ladislas. She won £1210 over the season.
Breeding career.
Dutch Oven was sold to Lord Fitzwilliam for £3200 at the dispersal of Lord Falmouth's stud in the spring of 1884. She died in March 1894 after producing the colt Simmer to the cover of St. Simon. At the time of her death, she was considered a failure as a broodmare as her produce were not good racers. Her sons Spring Jack, Gridiron and Simmer did achieve success in the stud in Argentina and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20850812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850812" title="Takasaka Station">
Takasaka Station

Lines.
Takasaka Station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo. Located between and , it is 46.2 km from the Ikebukuro terminus.
Express, Semi express, Commuter express, and Local services stop at this station. During the daytime, the station is served by four Express trains per hour in each direction between Ikebukuro and or stations.
Station layout.
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks, with the station building located above the platforms.
Facilities and accessibility.
A waiting room is provided on the platform. Wheelchair-accessible toilets are located in the station building. Escalators and lifts are provided in addition to steps to the station and platforms.
History.
The station opened on 1 October 1923.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Takasaka Station becoming "TJ-28".
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 28,056 passengers daily.
Surrounding area.
A large out-of-town shopping mall, Peony Walk, is located approximately 1 km from Takasaka Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20850818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850818" title="Charlie Fallon">
Charlie Fallon

Charles Augustus Fallon (March 7, 1881 – June 10, 1960) was a Major League Baseball player. Fallon played for the New York Highlanders in . In 1 career game, he had no hits in 1 career at-bat. He batted and threw right-handed.
Fallon was born in New York, New York and died in Kings Park, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20850820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850820" title="Friedrich Justin Bertuch">
Friedrich Justin Bertuch

Friedrich Johann Justin Bertuch (30 September 1747 – 3 April 1822) was a German publisher and patron of the arts. He co-founded the Fürstliche freie Zeichenschule Weimar with the painter Georg Melchior Kraus in 1776. He was the father of the writer and journalist Karl Bertuch.
Life.
Early life.
Bertuch came from a family attested in the Tennstedt area of Thuringia since the 15th century. His family was also strongly connected with the area's scientific and intellectual fields (e.g. Justin Bertuch 1654–26, director of the Fürstenschule Schulpforta at Naumburg 1601–16). When Friedrich Johann Justin Bertuch was 5, his father Justinus became garrison doctor in the service of duke Ernst August Konstantin at Blutsturz. He lost his mother aged 15 and grew up in the house of his uncle Gottfried Matthias Ludwig Schrön (a member of the Weimarer Rat der Landschaftskasse). He attended the Weimar Gymnasium, studied from 1765 to 1769 theology then law at the Landesuniversität in Jena. His main interest, however, was for literature and natural history.
His acquaintance with Freiherr Ludwig Heinrich Bachoff von Echt allowed the 22-year old Bertuch to break off his studies without taking his final exams, and that same year he began work as tutor to Ludwig's son at the Gut Dobitschen at Altenburg, holding the post until 1773. From him he learned Spanish (Bachoff von Echt was envoy to Spain), translating "Don Quixote" into German and self-publishing it in 1774. His translations from English and French literature also promised success.
Weimar.
In 1773 he returned to Weimar for health reasons, though he maintained contacts with the court "kapellmeister" Ernst Wilhelm Wolf and his wife, the daughter of the famous Konzertmeister Franz Benda, as well as with the acting couple Friederike and Abel Seyler, the actor Konrad Ekhof and the professor at the gymnasium Johann Karl August Musäus. He funded his living expenses until 1796 as manager of the ducal private finances.
Christoph Martin Wieland, tutor at the Weimar court and publisher of the "Teutschen Merkur", cooperated with Bertuch from 1782 to 1786 and provided him with his way into the Weimar court. His translation of the tragedy "Ines de Castro" given before duchess Anna Amalia from the French of Antoine Houdar de la Motte received much attention.
In 1774 he submitted the plan for a Zeichenschule in Weimar, which was finally set up drawing on his ideas by Johann Heinrich Meyer and from 1788 Goethe. Bertuch's goal was that any interested persons, whatever their social standing, might have the chance to gain technical crafts skills and training for their talents. 
From 1775.
In 1775 he became private secretary to the duke and held that role until 1787, during which time he participated in the Weimar Masonic lodge "Amalia zu den drei Rosen". He also had many business activities. In 1777 he gained a hereditary lease on the großen Baumgarten in Erbpacht, a Grundstück, now known as the Schwansee-Park. In 1782 he founded a factory for artificial flowers, an artistic and commercial fashion item, with which he had success right across Germany. In 1785 he set up the "Allgemeine Literatur-Zeitung" (later the "Neue Jena’sche Allgemeine Literaturzeitung").
From 1778 he could change the works themselves, into a paper mill and pigment production, in another example of his vision and commercial talent. In 1780 he leased his house to the Weimarer Baumgarten, and also moved his flower production there, where Goethe's later wife Christiane Vulpius was employed. 
The "Journal des Luxus und der Moden", published by Bertuch from 1786, not only praised artificial flowers but also the technical innovations and reading matter on maintenance and instruction, and is considered as the first pictorial periodical in Europe. He planned a Landes-Industrie-Comptoirs, to promote national industry, train skilled workers and increase national prosperity, and was given a princely dispensation to set it up in 1791. He temporarily employed 400 to 500 people (around 10% of the Weimar population) and succeeded in combining printers, artists and cartographers under one roof. Pay there was also above the average.
In 1793 Bertuch himself defined this art business in a magazine as being "an infallible means of encouraging German industry and spreading food and prosperity among us". Here again practically applied Enlightenment ideas pointed to a kind of free market economy
Bertuch was just such a private citizen who attained national and European effect above and beyond "local usefulness and effectiveness". Within the Cartoir and the paper and colour mill he set up a cartographical department (which became in 1804 the Geographisches Institut and continued to grow).
With his instruments of printing for the "literary and artistic industry", Bertuch held himself to be a "literary midwife". He underwrote Goethe's first publication with Göschen, and his "Allgemeine Literatur-Zeitung" increased in circulation and receipts.
Between 1790 and 1830 Betruch printed the "Bilderbuch für Kinder" appeared in 12 volumes. An educational work, it appeared in monthly instalments and aimed to "spread the knowledge of the epochs out before children" with 1185 pages and 6000 illustrations. It is available online: see 'External Links', below. 
Translations, medical works – culture in its widest sense – was made accessible for a wide public via Bertuch's work. Goethe's classical work on the Iphigenia works and textual and visual sketches of a "newly-invented English washing machine" were both published by him, and this tension between the ideal and the real, even the trivial, made clear the breadth and variety of culture in Weimar around 1800.
Napoleonic Wars.
The events of 1806, however, ripped into Bertuch's business, plunged into crisis by the political and military situation. From 1814 Bertuch functioned as (among other things) a publisher of political newspapers and pamphlets such as "Nemesis" and "Das Oppositionsblatt". He spent his last years in retirement, dying in Weimar, where he was buried in the family vault. Goethe contributed to the eulogy, given by Friedrich von Müller, chancellor of the duchy of Saxe-Weimar

</doc>
<doc id="20850834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850834" title="Year's Best SF 13">
Year's Best SF 13

"Year's Best SF 13" (ISBN 0061252093) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2008. It is the thirteenth in the Year's Best SF series.
Contents.
The book itself, as well as each of the stories, has a short
introduction by the editors.

</doc>
<doc id="20850841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850841" title="Songs for Distingué Lovers">
Songs for Distingué Lovers

Songs for Distingué Lovers is an album by jazz singer Billie Holiday released in 1957 on Verve Records. It was originally available in both mono, catalogue number MGV 8257, and stereo, catalog number MGVS 6021. It was recorded at Capitol Studios in Los Angeles from January 3 to January 9, 1957, and produced by Norman Granz.
Content.
Granz and Holiday chose familiar items from the Great American Songbook of classic pop for the album, Holiday singing in the context comfortable for her, that of a small jazz band. The original album consisted of six standards, five of which by songwriters who would be categorically tackled by Ella Fitzgerald on her Songbooks series. The sessions reunited Holiday with trumpeter Harry Edison and saxophonist Ben Webster, both of whom the singer had worked with during the 1930 and 1940s, Edison as a member of the Count Basie Orchestra during her brief stay as the band's girl singer, and Webster from the recordings under her own name for Vocalion Records and Okeh Records.
Reissue.
"Songs for Distingué Lovers" was reissued by Verve Records on October 28, 1997, as part of its Master Edition series, remastering using 20-bit technology with six bonus tracks. The extra tracks were all recorded at the same sessions, and taken from other Holiday ten-inch albums of the late 1950s on Verve. "I Wished on the Moon" and "Love Is Here to Stay" were from MGV 8329, "All or Nothing At All", and the other four from MGV 8197, "Body and Soul".

</doc>
<doc id="20850862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850862" title="Art Goodwin">
Art Goodwin

Arthur Ingram Goodwin (February 27, 1876 – June 19, 1943) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Goodwin played for the New York Highlanders in . In 1 career game, he had a 0–0 record with an 81.00 ERA. He threw right-handed.
Goodwin was born in Whiteley Township, Pennsylvania, and died in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20850870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850870" title="Inocybaceae">
Inocybaceae

The Inocybaceae are a family of fungi in the Agaricales order. According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 13 genera and 821 species. Members of this family have a widespread distribution in tropical and temperate areas.
Taxonomy.
The type genus of the Inocybaceae, "Inocybe", had traditionally been placed within the Cortinariaceae family. Despite this, Jülich placed the genus in its own family, the Inocybaceae. Later, the Cortinariaceae were shown to be polyphyletic. Additionally, phylogenetic analyses of RPB1, RPB2 and nLSU-rDNA regions from a variety of "Inocybe" and related taxa would support Jülich's recognition of "Inocybe" at the family level.

</doc>
<doc id="20850871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850871" title="Mary Anne Tauskey">
Mary Anne Tauskey

Mary Anne Tauskey (born 3 December 1955) is an American equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20850873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850873" title="Port Williams">
Port Williams

Port Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20850882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850882" title="Endiandra floydii">
Endiandra floydii

Endiandra floydii is a small-sized rainforest tree. Despite its common name, Crystal Creek Walnut, this tree is unrelated to northern-hemisphere walnuts, and is a Laurel. It is named after the great Australian botanist, Alexander Floyd.
Habitat.
The Crystal Creek Walnut is restricted to paleozoic metamorphics but with overlying basalt soils in the Mount Warning area of New South Wales, and a couple of adjacent areas in Queensland. The Crystal Creek Walnut grows in rainforest and is also found as an understorey plant in Brush Box ecotone areas, on moderately steep slopes no higher than 430 metres above sea level.
The Crystal Creek Walnut is considered endangered, with a ROTAP rating of 2E.
Description.
A small tree, often with coppice shoots at the base. New leaves pinkish brown. The bark is pale to dark grey. Leaves are elliptic to narrow-elliptic, 5–15 cm long, 2–5 cm wide.
Small creamy green flowers form in autumn. The large fruit matures in summer, the size of an apple or a pear. Being red to purplish black when ripe. Germination is not particularly slow and quite reliable.
External links.
Photo of A.G.Floyd next to Endiandra floydii, http://www.flickr.com/photos/42087530@N02/4780556943/

</doc>
<doc id="20850963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850963" title="Michael Plumb">
Michael Plumb

John Michael Plumb (born March 28, 1940) is an American equestrian and Olympic champion who competes in the sport of three-day eventing. He holds the title of the US Olympic competitor who has competed in the greatest number of Olympics, winning two team gold medals, three team silvers and one individual silver. 
He has also competed at the World Equestrian Games and Pan-American Games, winning medals at both, as well as competing in the Rolex Kentucky Three Day and steeplechase events. He has been named to the Hall of Fame of the United States Eventing Association (USEA), as well as winning annual USEA awards, and is the only equestrian rider to have been inducted to the United States Olympic Hall of Fame. He was previously married to fellow Olympian Donnan Plumb, and the couple have three sons.
Personal life.
Plumb was born March 28, 1940 in Islip, New York, and grew up in Syosset, New York. His father, Charles, was a steeplechase rider and huntsman, and his mother, Meem, was also an equestrian. Plumb began riding at the Meadow Brooks Hounds Pony Club, where he participated in Pony Club. In 1972, he graduated from the University of Delaware. He married Donnan Sharp Plumb, a dressage rider who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics; they later divorced. The couple had three sons – Hugh, Matt and Charlie; Charlie became a successful event rider.
Career.
Competition.
Plumb began his international competitive three-day event career at the 1959 Pan American Games in Chicago, Illinois. Throughout his career he competed for the United States in several other Pan-American Games, and won three gold medals, including an individual gold in 1963 and team golds in 1963 and 1967. Plumb also competed at several Eventing World Championships, accruing four medals. In 1974 he assisted the US team to a silver, while also taking silver in the individual competition, and helped the US team to bronze medals in both 1978 and 1982. 
As of 2008, Plumb was the US Olympic athlete with the greatest number of appearances in any sport at the Games. He was named to the US team in every Olympic games between 1960 (his first) and 1984, as well as appearing for the last time at the 1992 Summer Olympics, and competed at all of the Games except for 1980, when the US did not compete. During his seven Olympic appearances, he gathered multiple medals. At the 1960 Summer Olympics, Plumb took an individual 15th, while the US team did not finish the competition. At the 1964 Games, he repeated his individual performance, while the US team improved to take the silver medal. At these Games, he became the first rider ever to win a medal on a horse that he had never previously ridden in competition. Plumb had planned to ride his main event horse, Markham, but on the flight to the Games in Tokyo, the horse panicked, possibly due to a bad experience previously suffered in a horse trailer. In order to keep him from destroying his stall and potentially the aircraft, the horse was euthanized. Plumb instead rode Bold Minstrel, a horse loaned to him by another top-level eventer. 
In 1968, at Ciudad de Mexico, Plumb took an individual 14th, while the US team again finished with a silver. In 1970, when Jack le Goff became coach of the United States eventing team, Plumb was one of only three active US riders with international experience in the sport. Between then and 1984, when le Goff retired, the US eventing team, with Plumb as part, amassed three team and three individual medals, as well as additional triumphs at the World Equestrian Games and Pan-American Games. At the 1972 Summer Olympics, the US team took the silver medal for the third Games in a row, while Plumb finished 20th individually. At the 1976 Games, Plumb achieved his only individual medal, taking silver, while the US team took gold. Despite the US boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics, Plumb competed at the alternate games in Fontainebleau, France. The team repeated this performance at the 1984 Olympics, while Plumb took an individual 10th place. In 1988, he was slated to make the US Equestrian Team, but was not able to compete due to a fall that resulted in a broken collarbone. In 1992, Plumb competed in his last Olympics, placing 48th individually while the team took 10th. 
Plumb has ridden in steeplechase competitions, and in 1976 placed second at the Maryland Hunt Cup, an event which his father had won in 1929. He has also competed multiple times at the Rolex Kentucky Three Day.
Influence.
In 2002, Plumb was named as one of the 50 most influential horsemen of the 20th century by the equine magazine "Chronicle of the Horse". In 2003, Plumb was inducted to the United States Eventing Association Hall of Fame, along with one of his horses, Plain Sailing. Good Mixture, another of Plumb's horses, was inducted in 2009. In 2008, Plumb became the first (and to date, only) equestrian to be inducted into the United States Olympic Hall of Fame. The United States Eventing Association awarded Plumb their Leading Rider of the Year Award on ten occasions. Plumb is known for his training abilities with both horses and other riders, and as of 2008 he continued to ride and train at his stables in Southern Pines, North Carolina.
Plumb is reticent about discussing his accomplishments, but colleagues have referred to him as the "ultimate team member" who could be counted on to be at the top of his game and a consistent performer. As team captain at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, he was noted for helping his teammates understand everything that was going on around them. His athleticism and personal courage have been praised by those who know him, such as Michael Page, chef d’equipe for the 1986 US World Championship team, who recounted how Plumb medaled at the competition despite three broken ribs. Plumb admits to being completely focused on riding and "not a social person", with former coach Jack le Goff saying that "horses are his only reason for being on earth".

</doc>
<doc id="20850964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850964" title="List of American Civil War games">
List of American Civil War games


</doc>
<doc id="20850971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850971" title="Monument Mountain">
Monument Mountain

Monument Mountain may refer to several places:
One of twelve summits in the United States, including:
Miscellaneous<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20850992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20850992" title="List of films and television shows about the American Civil War">
List of films and television shows about the American Civil War


</doc>
<doc id="20851030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851030" title="Zenith Solar">
Zenith Solar

Zenith Solar was an Israeli solar energy company based in Ness Ziona. 
History.
Zenith Solar was founded in 2006 by Roy Segev, David Faiman and Bob Whelen.
In 2007, David Faiman, director of the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center, announced that the Center had entered into a project with Zenith to create a home solar energy system that uses a 10 square meter reflector dish. Zenith bought the rights to solar technology from Ben-Gurion University and Germany's Fraunhofer Institute to create solar energy using mirrors and lenses that magnify and focus the sun's rays. In testing, the concentrated solar technology proved to be up to five times more efficient than standard flat photovoltaic silicon panels, which would make it almost as cheap as oil and natural gas. A prototype ready for commercialization achieved a concentration of solar energy that was more than 1,000 times greater than standard flat panels. According to Faiman, who led the Israeli team that developed the technology, 10% of Israel’s energy needs (1,000 megawatts) could be met from 12 square kilometres of land.
Since 2009, Zenith Solar has been assembling solar panel kits at its factory in Kiryat Gat. The company uses CHP (combined heat and power) technology which reaches efficiencies of over 70%, compared to 10-15% for conventional PV panels. In addition to harvesting more energy from a smaller space, less landfill is produced from their waste. The materials are mirrors, plastic and metals, which are 99% recyclable.
In December 2013, Zenith Solar was acquired by Suncore Photovoltaic Technology Company Limited, a Chinese-US joint venture that specialises in CPV.

</doc>
<doc id="20851031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851031" title="A.D.Thompson">
A.D.Thompson

A.D.Thompson is a literary critic and author residing in San Francisco. He is a Unitarian Universalist minister-in-training at Berkeley Graduate Theological Union. He is also a translator for "Language and Culture". Before returning to the U.S. in 2008, Thompson was professor at Thammasat University in Thailand. He was previously professor at Suzhou University in China. He also taught at Rice University and SUNY, and taught a course at Starr King School for Ministry in Spring, 2009. 
Thompson, of "Diner Dharma" fame, created the State of Euphoria (OuLiPo) identity for the new Bangkok Writers Guild. Thompson went on to win NaNoWriMo with the support of the Guild and the resultant novel "Wolf Incident" is in negotiations to be added to the list of "Apocryphile Press".
Other founding authors of the Guild include Gary Dale Cearley the author of "Thou Shalt Not Bear False Witness: The Truth About the Vatican and the Birth of Islam’" and
Voicu Minhea Simandan.
The popular Thai collection "Bangkok Blonds" was a critical feminist response to sex-pat 'literature' by a later member of the Bangkok Writers Guild.

</doc>
<doc id="20851036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851036" title="Qian (surname)">
Qian (surname)

Qian (; Shanghainese: ), also spelt Chin, Chien, Tsien, or rarely Zee is a common Chinese family name. The name literally means "money". Today, it is ranked 92nd in terms of population in mainland China. Qian is listed at the second place in the Song Dynasty text "Hundred Family Surnames". As the royal surname of the kingdom of Wuyue, Qian was regarded as second only to Zhao, the imperial surname of the Song.
Origins.
According to the Song Dynasty history book, the "Tongzhi", the Qian surname descends from Zhuanxu, one of the legendary Five Emperors, via Pengzu, the founder of the Peng kingdom in modern-day Jiangsu during the Shang dynasty. A Zhou dynasty official, Fu, was a descendent of Pengzu and served in the royal Treasury, the "Qianfu" ("Money Office"). His descendants adopted the surname "Qian", literally "money", from his title.
Being descendants of the Peng kingdom, the Qian family originally congregated around Xiapi, in modern-day Jiangsu. The surname spread from there, now has its highest concentration of it in the Jiangnan region. During the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period period (907-960), Qian Liu and his descendants ruled the independent kingdom of Wuyue in south-eastern China. Qian Liu had many sons, who were posted to different parts of his kingdom, greatly increasing the density of the Qian surname within the former territory of Wuyue. This area comprises today's Zhejiang, Shanghai, southern Jiangsu and northern Fujian. After Wuyue submitted to the Song Dynasty in 978, the last king moved to Bianjing, the Song capital in modern-day Henan. The Qian family was thereafter prominent at the Song court, with Qian Chu's son, Qian Weiyan, serving as a prominent Chancellor. During this period, the Qian family also spread to northern China.

</doc>
<doc id="20851041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851041" title="Conceptual dictionary">
Conceptual dictionary

A conceptual dictionary (also ideographic or ideological dictionary) is a dictionary that groups words by concept or semantic relation instead of arranging them in alphabetical order. Examples of conceptual dictionaries are picture dictionaries, thesauri, and visual dictionaries. Onelook.com and "Diccionario Ideológico de la Lengua Española" (for Spanish) are specific online and print examples.

</doc>
<doc id="20851049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851049" title="N-acyl phosphatidylethanolamine-specific phospholipase D">
N-acyl phosphatidylethanolamine-specific phospholipase D

N-acyl phosphatidylethanolamine phospholipase D (NAPE-PLD) is an enzyme that catalyzes the release of N-acylethanolamine (NAE) from N-acyl-phosphatidylethanolamine (NAPE). This is a major part of the process that converts ordinary lipids into chemical signals like anandamide and oleoylethanolamine. In humans, the NAPE-PLD protein is encoded by the "NAPEPLD" gene.
Identification and purification.
NAPE-PLD is an enzyme activity - a phospholipase, acting on phospholipids found in the cell membrane. It is not homology but the chemical outcome of its activity that classes it as phospholipase D. The enzymatic activity was discovered and characterized in a series of experiments culminating in the 2004 publication of a biochemical purification scheme from which peptide sequencing could be accomplished. Researchers homogenized (finely ground) hearts from 150 rats and subjected the resulting crude lysate to sucrose sedimentation at 105,000 x g to separate out the cell membranes from the remainder of the cell. The integral membrane proteins were then solubilized using octyl glucoside and subjected to four column chromatography steps (HiTrap SP HP cation-exchange column, HiTrap Q anion-exchange column, HiTrap Blue affinity column, Bio-Gel HTP hydroxyapatite column). Each of these separates the different types of membrane proteins into different sample containers when the proteins are eluted from the column over time, and by measuring the activity of samples in each container it was possible to track which ones received the active enzyme. Measurement of the enzyme activity was done by thin layer chromatography of a radioactive substrate sensitive to the NAPE-PLD enzymatic activity: Cleavage of the substrate affected where it appeared on the plate when the radiation was detected on a bioimaging analyzer.
The result of this extensive procedure was still not a pure protein, but it produced a limited number of bands by SDS-PAGE, and one band of 46 kilodaltons was found to correlate in intensity with the enzymatic activity. This band was cut out from the gel and digested with trypsin, and peptides from it were separated from one another by reverse phase high performance liquid chromatography. The resulting fragments were then microsequenced by an automated Edman degradation. Three corresponded to vimentin, an intermediate filament protein of 56 kDa believed to be a contaminant, and the other two matched the cDNA clone subsequently identified as NAPE-PLD.
Once this clue had been obtained, the identification could be confirmed by a less onerous procedure: Overexpression of the putative NAPE-PLD cDNA in COS-7 cells yielded a strong NAPE-PLD enzymatic activity, whose characteristics were shown to be similar to those of the original heart extract.
Characteristics.
The "NAPEPLD" cDNA sequence predicts 396 amino acid sequences in both mice and rats, which are 89% and 90% identical to that of humans. NAPE-PLD was found to have no homology to the known phospholipase D genes, but can be classed by homology to fall into the zinc metallohydrolase family of the beta-lactamase fold. In particular, the highly conserved motif HX(E/H)XD(C/R/S/H)X50–70HX15–30(C/S/D)X30–70H was observed, which is, in general, associated with zinc binding and hydrolysis reaction in this class of proteins, leading the authors to propose that activity should be correlated with zinc content.
When recombinant NAPE-PLD was tested in COS cells "in vitro" it had similar activity toward several radiolabeled substrates: N-palmitoylphosphatidylethanolamine, N-arachidonoylphosphatidylethanolamine, N-oleoylphosphatidylethanolamine, and N-stearoylphosphatidylethanolamine all reacted with a Km between 2-4 micromolar and a Vmax between 73 and 101 nanomole per milligram per minute as calculated by Lineweaver-Burk plot. (These generate N-palmitoylethanolamine, anandamide, N-oleoylethanolamine, and N-stearoylethanolamine, respectively) The enzyme also reacted N-palmitoyl-lyso-phosphatidylethanolamine and N-arachidonoyl-lyso-phosphatidylethanolamine with similar Km but at one-third to one-fourth the Vmax. These activities are consistent with the observation that many tissues produce a range of "N"-acylethanolamines.
However, NAPE-PLD had no ability to produce detectable phosphatidic acid from phosphatidylcholine or phosphatidylethanolamine as is catalyzed by other phospholipase D enzymes. It also lacks the transphosphatidylation activity of phospholipase D that allows the creation of phosphatidyl alcohols rather than phosphatidic acid in the presence of ethanol or butanol.
Pathway.
This enzyme acts as the second step of a biochemical pathway initiated by the creation of N-acylphosphatidylethanolamine, by means of the transfer of an acyl group from the "sn"-1 position of glycerophospholipid onto the amino group of phosphatidylethanolamine. While NAPE-PLD contributes to the biosynthesis of several NAEs in the mammalian central nervous system, this enzyme is not responsible for the formation of the endocannabinoid anandamide, since NAPE-PLD knockout mice have wild-type levels of this lipid.
The N-acylethanolamines released by this enzyme become potential substrates for fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH), which hydrolyzes the free fatty acids from ethanolamine. Defects in this enzyme can cause NAPE-PLD products such as anandamide to build up to levels 15-fold higher than normally observed.

</doc>
<doc id="20851053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851053" title="Leaving Wonderland...in a fit of rage">
Leaving Wonderland...in a fit of rage

Originally slated to be the second solo album from Marcy Playground frontman John Wozniak, it was later decided that Leaving Wonderland...in a fit of rage would instead be the fourth LP from the band. 
The first US single was "Blackbird," while "Good Times" was the first Canadian single. The bonus tracks listed below are available to US residents via the official Marcy Playground Myspace, Zune and iTunes.
Track listing.
All songs written by John Wozniak.
Personnel.
Marcy Playground (Touring members)
Additional personnel (in studio only)
Production.
Recorded at Mushroom Studios, Vancouver, BC<br>
Mixed at Harbourside Studios, N. Vancouver, BC<br>
Mastered at Gateway Mastering, Portland, Maine

</doc>
<doc id="20851068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851068" title="TGR G class (1896)">
TGR G class (1896)

The Tasmanian Railways G class locomotive was an 0-4-2T gauge steam locomotive used on the North East Dundas Tramway. Two locomotives, G1 and G2, were built by Sharp, Stewart and Company in 1896, but G1 was destroyed in a boiler explosion in 1897 and replaced by another identical locomotive also numbered G1. The locomotives were sold to the Isis Sugar Mill in Queensland when the North East Dundas Tramway closed.
The Tasmanian Railways gauge Australian Standard Garratt, introduced in 1944, was also classed "G". 

</doc>
<doc id="20851075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851075" title="Acquired progressive lymphangioma">
Acquired progressive lymphangioma

Acquired progressive lymphangioma (also known as "Benign lymphangioendothelioma") is a group of lymphangiomas that occur anywhere in young individuals, grow slowly, and present as bruise-like lesions or erythematous macules.

</doc>
<doc id="20851077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851077" title="Torrance Fleischmann">
Torrance Fleischmann

Torrance Fleischmann (born 30 July 1949) is an American equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, and finished 4th in the individual contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20851078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851078" title="Thomas J. Powers">
Thomas J. Powers

Thomas J. Powers is an American Republican Party politician, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1982 to 2005. In 2005, he served as director of the Board.
Biography.
Powers served on the Aberdeen Township council from 1968 to 1973, and from 1976 to 1983; he served as Mayor of Aberdeen Township, New Jersey in 1972-1973 and 1982-1983. He was elected to the Board of Chosen Freeholders in 1981 and served 24 years. He chose not to seek reelection in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20851083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851083" title="Werner Wanker">
Werner Wanker

Werner Wanker (born 8 April 1958) is an Austrian curler. He is the first thrower in the Kitzbühl CC team, which has often represented Austria in international competitions, and also "Österreichischer Curling Staatsmeister 2004".

</doc>
<doc id="20851085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851085" title="Estação Brasil">
Estação Brasil

Estação Brasil is a compilation album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho, containing songs by him, songs by various Brazilian artists and one new song ("Nesse Brasil cabôco de Mãe-Preta e Pai João"). It was released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20851130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851130" title="Adams Sherman Hill">
Adams Sherman Hill

Adams Sherman Hill (30 January 1833 – 25 December 1910) was an American newspaper journalist and rhetorician. As Boylston Professor of Rhetoric at Harvard University from 1876 to 1904, Hill oversaw and implemented curriculum that came to effect first-year composition in classrooms across the United States. His most widely known works include "The Principles of Rhetoric", "Foundations of Rhetoric", and "Our English".
Life and career.
Hill was born in Boston, Massachusetts. After the death of his father in 1838 and his mother in 1846, Hill was raised by his uncle, Alonzo Hill. His uncle encouraged Hill to become a minister, but he chose instead to attend Harvard, graduating with a law degree in 1855. After working as a law reporter and night editor for the New York Tribune until 1872, he returned to Harvard to become an assistant professor of rhetoric. In 1876, he was promoted to Boylston Professor of Rhetoric, a position he held until 1904.
Reconstruction-Era education and culture.
Hill's tenure as Boylston Professor coincided with a widely growing cultural desire for education in Reconstruction-Era America. The number of colleges in America, particularly small, religious colleges, rose rapidly after 1865, and universities across the country saw their student populations increase in turn. As the industrial revolution began to move more and more people to cities, many individuals saw college as an opportunity to make themselves marketable for jobs.
This influx of students, coupled with the expanded number of composition programs across the country, meant that more and more teachers were brought in from secondary schools to teach these newly created composition classes. Overworked, teaching students who frequently needed more help with their compositions, (because they were generally not as classically educated as the “elite” students colleges had traditionally been set up to teach) composition instructors began to seek help in the form of textbooks. This cultural expansion, along with newly improved printing presses, helped give rise to the expanded usage of textbooks in American composition classrooms.
At the same time, the use of newspapers became more widespread. With the mass influx of newspapers meant more journalists, many who lacked college education, and in fact thought it unhelpful to their careers. This highly consumed, but less educated style of writing clashed, however, with that of nineteenth-century intellectuals, who considered criticism vital to defining and upholding the standards of taste. Because persons not considered "elite" had access to a large body of readers, intellectuals' authority, and thus importance, was deteriorating in American culture.
Hill's views on culture sided him with the intellectuals of his time. As early as 1856, Hill vocalized about the dangers of "uneducated" newspaper journalists, bemoaning the lack of control he as an "educated" man, was able to exert over the minds of his readers. By 1876, when Hill assumed the Boylston Professorship, it had already become cliche that the newspaper had replaced the rostrum and the pulpit. During his time at Harvard, Hill saw the university as the place to educate individuals of the moral and linguistic dangers of journalism.
Rhetorical theory.
Much of Hill's writing focuses on rhetoric as a set of principles behind the skills of writing. It always wasn't enough to be lectured, Hill required his students to practice their writing. Hill's work was also heavily focused on grammar usage.
Hill's theories are deeply rooted in Current Traditionalist rhetoric, which at its heart involves a pedagogical focus on finding and correcting mechanical errors in writing. Hill's theories also center on creating an American identity around a "properly used" English language, one that rejected "classical" standards of taste, and focused instead around a current understanding of English.
The Principles of Rhetoric.
In probably his most influential work, Hill argues for a focus on rhetoric as a science, not an art. Therefore, "The Principles of Rhetoric" is only concerned with two elements: grammar and style. The text ignores Invention, and like many current traditional textbooks, places a heavy focus on exposition, which, according to the current-traditionalists, sets up the rational and empirical evidence in order to appeal to reason and understanding. Hill's "Principles" follows this definition fairly strictly. He sees rhetoric as style, not substance; it doesn't offer any new meaning or understanding. Therefore, what one needs to understand is how to use rhetoric to create more intellectual arguments, not to generate new knowledge.
Much of the early focus in"The Principles of Rhetoric" is devoted primarily to Grammatical Purity. Hill offers many examples and rules on proper usage, including the three main ideas that language must be: reputable, national, and present. Figurative language is considered inferior to exposition.
Hill also discusses the modes of writing in "The Principles of Rhetoric", choosing to focus extensively on narration, description, and argumentation. Hill believed that movement and method in narration are “the life and logic of discourse”, a view that his journalist background may have helped develop. Description brings "before the mind of the reader persons or things as they appear to the writer". Argument and persuasion, for Hill, are closely linked, with persuasion acting as "an adjunct" to argument; its main emphasis on feelings, not intellect.
Cultural impact.
The substantial impact that "The Principles of Rhetoric" had was largely aided by Hill's position at Harvard, which, from 1875 to 1900, was the most influential English program in the United States. Harvard’s university model was copied across the country, and Hill's words carried a lot of weight because he was the head of the Department of English. As a result, "The Principles of Rhetoric" remained in print from 1878 to 1923, and current traditionalism was largely influential in English classrooms until the 1960s.
Quotes.
"English suffers from the fact that we have no universally acknowledged tribunal—no academy, no court, no upper class—to settle disputed questions. Where every man is as good as every other man, every man’s English is accounted as good as every other man’s. Hence, the ubiquity of bad English..." (Our English xiv).
Selected Works.
"Beginnings of Rhetoric and Composition: Including Practical Exercises in English", New York: American Book Company, 1902.
"Our English", New York: Chautauqua Press, 1890.
"The Foundations of Rhetoric", New York: American Book Company, 1893.
"The Principles of Rhetoric and Their Application", New York: Harper and Brothers, 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="20851139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851139" title="Church of Israel">
Church of Israel

The Church of Israel (formerly the Church of Our Christian Heritage) is a denomination that emerged from the Church of Christ (Temple Lot) during the Latter Day Saint movement.
History.
The Church of Israel was first organized in 1972. Dan Gayman had deposed the leaders of the Church of Christ at Zion's Retreat and was then elected leader of that church. Most of the members of the church followed Gayman. However, the deposed leaders of the Zion's Retreat church sued Gayman, and the courts ordered that the church property and name be returned to the deposed leader, and that the members of Gayman's congregation be barred from the premises. Gayman informally organized his congregation under the name the Church of Our Christian Heritage. In 1977, Gayman and 10 other individuals were arrested for trespassing when they led a group back to the Church of Christ at Zion's Retreat in an attempted forcible takeover. In 1981, Gayman incorporated the church under the name "Church of Israel". Little of the Latter Day Saint Movement background of the church reportedly remains in its current teachings and practices, although the influence and the beliefs of the Fettingite and the Church of Christ (Temple Lot) seem to be apparent in the rural and isolationist ("survivalist") setting for the church's headquarters and among many of its adherents. ("Message 18" in the Fettingite "corpora" urges believers to "go to the land" in order to "flee destruction" in or of, American cities)
An investigative newspaper report about the Church of Israel was published in the "Joplin Globe" in January 2001. The report was mostly negative and suggested that the church had ties to the Christian Identity movement. The Jewish Anti-Defamation League includes the Church of Israel in its list of "extremist groups." The ADL report states that members of the church are said to have been involved at times with controversial figures such as Bo Gritz, Eric Rudolph, and Thomas Robb, a national leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
2003 Rudolph connection.
In 2003, it was revealed that the Olympic Park bomber and 10 most Wanted fugitive Eric Rudolph and his mother had attended the Church of Israel in 1984 for three or four months, when Eric was 18. Gayman assumed a fatherly relationship with Rudolph and planned to groom Eric as a potential son-in-law by encouraging Eric to date his daughter.
2003 Lawsuit.
After a falling-out between Gayman and two other leaders of the church in 2003, Gayman filed a lawsuit in an attempt to revoke a severance agreement that included the deed to a house and property that had been given to a former minister, Scott Stinson. Ultimately the judge sided with Stinson.
Publications.
The church issues a quarterly newsletter called "The Watchman".
Beliefs.
Serpent’s seed doctrine.
Gayman is famous for his efforts in propagating the theology known as "Two-Seedline", or "serpent’s seed" doctrine. This doctrine hold that white people are descendants of Adam and are hence the chosen people of God. The Jewish people are said to be descendants of Cain and thus of Satan. This belief was developed by Wesley A. Swift, Conrad Gaard, Dan Gayman, and William Potter Gale, among others.
Anti-government.
The Church of Israel holds a "deep distrust for the government". At one time, the church did not believe in the use of Social Security numbers, driver's licenses, or marriage licenses. Most children in the church who were home-birthed do not have Social Security numbers.
Medicine.
The Church of Israel believes that the medical profession is "Jewish" and discourages the use of doctors and immunizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20851153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851153" title="Multifocal lymphangioendotheliomatosis">
Multifocal lymphangioendotheliomatosis

Multifocal lymphangioendotheliomatosis (also known as "Congenital cutaneovisceral angiomatosis with thrombocytopenia," and "Multifocal Lymphangioendotheliomatosis with thrombocytopenia") presents at birth with hundreds of red-brown plaques as large as several centimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="20851159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851159" title="ECR Music Group">
ECR Music Group

ECR Music Group is an American independent music company based in Manhattan. It was founded by recording artist and producer Blake Morgan in 2002 as record label Engine Company Records. Re-branded as ECR Music Group in late 2012, it now includes a roster of labels and artists.
Artists have included Janita, James McCartney, indie band Shimmerplanet, Mike Errico, Blake Morgan, Lesley Gore, David Cloyd, Melissa Giges, and others. Morgan produces the releases, and genres vary significantly. Despite releasing only a few albums a year, in 2005 the label landed five albums in the Top 20 simultaneously, including Lesley Gore's "Ever Since" and Rick Henrickson's "Reaching For A Gun". The label continues to be active, and recently released "Haunted" by Finnish singer-songwriter Janita, "The Complete EP Collection" by James McCartney, and "I Could Disappear" by David Cloyd.
ECR Music Group is distributed by Burnside Distribution. As of 2012, labels include Big Pop, Curb Cut, Dylanna/MPL, Evergreene Music, Engine Company Records, Hook & Ladder, MaybeNot, and Starfish Music.
History.
ECR Music was founded as Engine Company Records in 2002 by singer-songwriter and producer Blake Morgan. In 1996 Morgan had signed a seven-record deal with Phil Ramone's N2K Sony/Red label. However, he quickly became frustrated being on a corporate label. After his first tour he found a loophole in the contract. Despite being the label's most successful artist at the time, he told Ramone he wanted out of the deal. Morgan then began going to bands and artists he was recording at the time, and pitched an independent label where they would have control over their own material and output. He officially launched Engine Company Records in Manhattan, New York City in 2002, and remains CEO and owner.
It announced the official launch date of the rebranding as October 4, 2012. According to the company, ECR Music Group consists of an interconnected set of businesses and distinct resources, each aimed at helping its artists realize long-term creative and commercial success. Uniquely, the company achieves these goals while operating under an elemental principle, unprecedented in the music world: All ECR artists and labels own 100% of their master recordings.
As of 2012, labels include Hook & Ladder, MaybeNot, Starfish Music, Engine Company Records, Big Pop Records, Curb Cut Records, Dylanna Music/MPL, and EverGreene Music. Similar to Rick Rubin's relationship with American Recordings, Morgan produces the music for the label. Genres have ranged from emo/punk, to alternative rock, to classical. Recordings have taken place in locations such as The Hit Factory in New York and Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas. Among artists and producers that have worked with the label are James McCartney, Lesley Gore, Janita, David Cloyd, Mike Errico, Patti Rothberg, David Kahne, Phil "Butcher Bros." Nicolo, and Terry Manning.
Notable releases.
In the first year of its existence, the label released four albums by artists such as indie band Shimmerplanet and professional musician Mike Errico.
In summer of 2005 the label landed five albums in the Top 20 simultaneously, including Lesley Gore's " Ever Since" and Rick Henrickson's "Reaching For A Gun". Gore's first album of new material since the 1970s, "Ever Since" was recorded with Morgan. The album received extensive national radio coverage and acclaim from "The New York Times", "Rolling Stone", and "Billboard Magazine". Several songs from "Ever Since" have been used in television shows and films, and the track "Words We Don't Say" was featured in an episode of "The L Word".
Morgan's solo album "Burning Daylight" was released on the label on July 12, 2005. Co-produced with Grammy Award-winner Phil "Butcher Bros." Nicolo, it reached #1 on eMusic's album charts. The bonus track of his cover of Paul McCartney's "Maybe I'm Amazed" became the most successful track in the history of the label, and climbed high on iTunes charts.
The Lesley Gore rendition of his song "Better Angels" was featured in the 2005 season premiere of '. In 2006 his song "It's Gone," also performed by Gore, was featured in the final scene and closing credits of the independent film "Flannel Pajamas". The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. On March 18, 2009, Morgan's track "Better Angels" was featured in MTV's '.
In June 2008, the label released "20th Century Duos for Violin and Cello with works by Zoltán Kodály, Roger Sessions and Maurice Ravel", which received a glowing review for performance and engineering in "The New York Times". Two years later, following releases by David Cloyd, Melissa Giges, and Morgenstern & Adkins, singer-songwriter Janita released her solo LP "Haunted" on the label.
Singer-songwriter and producer David Cloyd signed to the label in 2008, and released his debut LP "Unhand Me, You Fiend!" in 2009. The album peaked at #1 on eMusic's Album Charts, and according to a review, "took the indie rock scene by storm." His second album, "I Could Disappear", included solo versions of his debut album, with Cloyd on vocals, piano, and guitar. He released a cover of Paul McCartney's 1971 song "Dear Boy" in September 2011. As of 2013, he is Executive Vice President of Creative Operations at ECR Music Group.
"Available Light", James McCartney's first official release as both a performer and songwriter, was released electronically by the label in 2010. It was produced by David Kahne and Paul McCartney, and received positive reviews. The label released his second EP, "Close At Hand", in 2011. "The Complete EP Collection", which combines the previous two EPs along with five new original tracks and two new covers, was released in late 2011.
In late 2012 Engine Company Records was re-launched and rebranded as ECR Music Group, with Engine Company Records remaining an imprint of the now larger umbrella company. At this point the company's label roster included Big Pop, Curb Cut, Dylanna/MPL, Evergreene Music, Hook & Ladder, MaybeNot, Somme, and Starfish Music. It announced the official launch date for the rebranding as October 4, 2012. According to the company, "ECR Music Group consists of an interconnected set of businesses and distinct resources, each aimed at helping its artists and labels realize long-term creative and commercial success. Uniquely, the company achieves these goals while operating under an elemental principle, unprecedented in the music world: All ECR artists and labels own one-hundred percent of their master recordings.
Artists.
The following is a list of artists, current as of January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20851173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851173" title="Eupatoria (Pontus)">
Eupatoria (Pontus)

Eupatoria or Magnopolis was a Hellenistic city in the Kingdom of Pontus. The city was founded by Mithridates VI Eupator just south of where the Lycus flows into the Iris, the west end of the fertile valley of Phanaroea.
Eupatoria was the crossing-point of two great roads through the Pontus: the east-west from Armenia Minor to Bithynia; and the north-south from Amisus to Caesarea Mazaca. The east-west road followed the valley of the Lycus from Armenia Minor to Phanaroea; it continued over the mountains into the Destek to Laodicea Pontica (modern Ladik), the Halys (Kızılırmak) and the Amnias (Gökırmak) through Paphlagonia to Bithynia; the north-south road went from Amisus (modern Samsun) up the Iris to Amaseia (Amasya), Zela (Zile), up to the Anatolian Plateau and Caesarea Mazaca (Kayseri).
Pompey refounded the city under the name Magnopolis and extended its territory to include the western Phanaroean plain.
Strabo visited the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20851181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851181" title="Suhu">
Suhu

Suhu were a people living in Mesopotamia in the 6th century BCE, during the time of Nabopolassar. They were associated with the Assyrian empire, but were overrun by Nabopolassar when he conquered the Assyrians.

</doc>
<doc id="20851187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851187" title="Tufted angioma">
Tufted angioma

A tufted angioma (also known as an "Acquired tufted angioma," "Angioblastoma," "Angioblastoma of Nakagawa," "Hypertrophic hemangioma," "Progressive capillary hemangioma," and "Tufted hemangioma") usually develops in infancy or early childhood on the neck and upper trunk, and is an ill-defined, dull red macule with a mottled appearance, varying from 2 to 5 cm in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20851199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851199" title="Hyperacanthus">
Hyperacanthus

Hyperacanthus is a flowering plant genus in the family Rubiaceae, occurring on Madagascar and nearby southern Africa, approximately from Mozambique to the southernmost parts of the continent.
This genus used to contain only 5 species, but the number has tripled since a number of plants formerly believed to be genip-trees – the ""Genipa sensu" Drake" group – were recognized to be not as closely related to genips as was previously believed. Those species are now placed in "Hyperacanthus", at least provisionally:

</doc>
<doc id="20851224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851224" title="Microvenular hemangioma">
Microvenular hemangioma

Microvenular hemangioma (also known as "Microcapillary hemangioma") is an acquired benign vascular neoplasm that presents as an asymptomatic, slowly growing, 0.5- to 2.0 cm reddish lesion on the forearms or other sites of young to middle-aged adults.

</doc>
<doc id="20851232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851232" title="Kaitag textiles">
Kaitag textiles

Kaitag textiles are an unusual embroidered textile art form from the Kaitag district of southwest Daghestan, Russia, inhabited mainly by Dargins. Kaitag textiles are of simple construction, being laid and couched silk-floss embroidery on a cotton ground. The designs are often in the style of classical Safavid Persian art, sometimes illustrating horsemen and hunting scenes. Abstract Kaitag designs have been compared to those of Matisse and Paul Klee, though it is unlikely that either artist ever saw a Kaitag textile. Surviving examples are mostly from the 17th and 18th centuries. These embroideries were apparently made for local use in weddings, funerals, and for cradle trappings.The traditional Kaitag art of embroidery was reportedly stamped out under Soviet rule.
Further reading.
"Kaitag: Textile Art from Daghestan", by Robert Chenciner, 1993, Textile & Art Publications, London. ISBN 978-1-898406-00-6. Review

</doc>
<doc id="20851237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851237" title="Blake Morgan">
Blake Morgan

Blake Morgan is an American musician, singer-songwriter, music producer, and record label owner based in New York City. After releasing the alternative rock solo album "Anger's Candy" (1997) on Phil Ramone's N2K Sony/Red label, he began producing music independently and founded the label Engine Company Records in 2002, which in 2012 became ECR Music Group. He helps produce all music released by the label, which has included artists such as James McCartney, Janita, Mike Errico, Patti Rothberg, Lesley Gore, David Cloyd and Melissa Giges. His albums "Anger's Candy", "Burning Daylight," "Silencer", and "Diamonds In The Dark" were positively received.
Early life.
Blake Morgan was born and raised in Manhattan. He is the son of American feminist activist and writer Robin Morgan and poet Kenneth Pitchford. He began playing the piano and going to music school at age five, with the aim of becoming a professional pianist. At age six his interest began to switch from classical composers such as Mozart and Bartók to The Beatles, after his mother introduced him to "Meet The Beatles". In first grade he began attending the United Nations International School in New York City. He stayed there for 12 years, and graduated with an International Baccalaureate. He concurrently continued his piano studies at Greenwich House Music School in Manhattan.
Morgan's first gig was at CBGB's in New York, when older students from his school recruited him to play keyboards in their band. Since he was legally too young for the venue, they used his then short stature to smuggle him inside the club in a bass drum case. As the show began, Morgan came out of the case to jump on stage and play the synths.
Music career.
After highschool Morgan attended Berklee College of Music, where he completed a four-year program in three years and graduated Magna Cum Laude. After college he began to play in various band formations and began pursuing music full-time, chiefly alternative rock. He has stated he has been influenced by musicians such as The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Nirvana, Soundgarden, Radiohead, Björk, Jeff Buckley, Death Cab, Neil Finn, Peter Gabriel, and The Police. In 1996 he released the EP "Sneakers".
"Anger's Candy" (1997).
He signed a seven-record deal with Phil Ramone's N2K Sony/Red label in 1996, and released the solo album "Anger's Candy" later in 1997. The ten tracks included Lenny Kravitz performing backup vocals on "Why Don't You See." The track "To Say It's Your Love" was co-written by Nandi Johannes. All other tracks were written by Morgan, and he performed vocals, acoustic and electric guitar, piano, and organ. Both Morgan and Terry Manning produced the album at Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas. He toured the United States in support of the album for over a year, sharing stages with musicians such as Joan Jett.
In response to the album, "Billboard" wrote "Morgan has a voice that was made to be heard on the radio . . . inspired songwriting and passionate performances." "The New York Times" wrote "Blake Morgan's singing and performances are disarmingly unselfconscious."
Morgan has stated he quickly became frustrated with being on a corporate label. After the tour was completed he found a loophole in the contract, and despite being the label's most successful artist at the time, he told Ramone he wanted out of the deal.
Engine Company Records, ECR Music Group.
While producing "Anger's Candy," he had started helping other local artists and bands produce projects on the side. These on-going projects, as well as frustration with A&R pitches from labels akin to N2K, led Morgan considering his own independent label. He went to bands and artists he was recording at the time, and pitched a label where they would have control over their own material and output.
He launched Engine Company Records in New York City in 2002, and remains CEO and owner. It was re-branded as ECR Music Group in late 2012, expanding into an umbrella company that includes Engine Company Records as well as a roster of other labels and artists. The associated publishing company is called Big Red Firetruck Music. Similar to Rick Rubin's relationship with American Recordings, Morgan produces the music for the label. Genres have ranged from emo/punk, to alternative rock, to classical. He has recorded in locations such as The Hit Factory in New York and Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas.
Among artists and producers that have worked with the label are James McCartney, Lesley Gore, Janita, Mike Errico, Patti Rothberg, Terry Manning, and Azam Ali. In summer of 2005 the label landed five albums in the Top 20 simultaneously, including Lesley Gore's " Ever Since" and Rick Henrickson's "Reaching For A Gun". In June 2008, the label released "20th Century Duos for Violin and Cello with works by Zoltán Kodály, Roger Sessions and Maurice Ravel", which received a glowing review for performance and engineering in "The New York Times".
"Burning Daylight" (2005).
His next solo album, "Burning Daylight", was released on Engine Company Records on July 12, 2005. Co-produced with Grammy Award-winner Phil Nicolo, it reached #1 on eMusic's album charts, holding the number spot for both album, single ("Danger to Wake You"), and artist at the same time. The bonus track of his cover of Paul McCartney's "Maybe I'm Amazed" became the most successful track in the history of the label, and climbed high on iTunes charts.
The album received a positive review and 4/5 stars on Allmusic. "The Washington Post" wrote "He’s got killer pop-rock instincts . . . a natural when it comes to fashioning sharp melodies and catchy choruses."
In 2006 his song "It's Gone," performed by Lesley Gore, was featured in the final scene and closing credits of the independent film "Flannel Pajamas", by Jeff Lipsky. The film, which was lauded by Roger Ebert, was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. On March 18, 2009, the track "Better Angels" from the album was featured in MTV's '. The Lesley Gore version of "Better Angels" was also featured in the 2005 season premiere of '.
"Silencer" (2006).
On October 25, 2006, he released the album "Silencer"' It features Morgan on vocals and piano performing acoustic versions of both new and older material, dating back to 1996. A cover of "No Surprises" by Radiohead was also released as a digital bonus track. The album again received a positive review on AllMusic, which gave it a 3/5 stars and said "These are darkly heartfelt, enigmatic and melodic songs that often bring to mind a mix of the yearning, expansive rock of the Smashing Pumpkins and the soulful AM pop of Todd Rundgren. Meditative and sanguine, these are afterglow torch songs for the alt rock set." "Blender" wrote "Great songs and great singing is apparently all you need if you have the goods, and there are plenty of goods to be had here . . . with imaginative arrangements that underscore his raw, iconic singing."
As of 2009, he continues to produce and work on original material for upcoming albums. He is sponsored by Gibson Guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="20851238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851238" title="Ad Mortem Festinamus">
Ad Mortem Festinamus

Ad Mortem Festināmus is a monodic song (fol. 26v) from the Llibre Vermell de Montserrat, one of the oldest extant medieval manuscripts containing music. Its lyrics talk about the inevitability of death and the need to stop sinning. It has been recorded by a variety of artists, including the electronic neo-medieval act Qntal, that gave new music to the lyrics and made it a club hit in 1992.
Lyric.
Scribere proposui de contemptu mundano
ut degentes seculi non mulcentur in vano
iam est hora surgere
a sompno mortis pravo
a sompno mortis pravo
Vita brevis breviter in brevi finietur
mors venit velociter quae neminem veretur
omnia mors perimit
et nulli miseretur
et nulli miseretur.
Ad mortem festinamus
peccare desistamus
peccare desistamus.
Ni conversus fueris et sicut puer factus
et vitam mutaveris in meliores actus
intrare non poteris
regnum Dei beatus
regnum Dei beatus.
Tuba cum sonuerit dies erit extrema
et iudex advenerit vocabit sempiterna
electos in patria
prescitos ad inferna
prescitos ad inferna.
Ad mortem festinamus
peccare desistamus
peccare desistamus.

</doc>
<doc id="20851259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851259" title="Yoshie Kashiwabara">
Yoshie Kashiwabara

Biography.
Born in Osaka, she rose to fame in 1980 as a teen idol, making her debut with the song "No.1". Other hits include: "Karin" (lit. "Pseudocydonia") and "Haru nanoni" (lit. "Despite spring"). With determination and strong will, plus a good voice, Yoshie finally made it with a top 10 song "Hello Goodbye" in autumn 1982.Her late charge at 1982 made her a strong contender for the year-end NHK Red and White Song festival, but she was surprisingly being dropped while Junko Mihara, also debuted in 1980 along with Yoshie, was selected, making it the head line news for that year's annual show.
Yoshie continued to work hard the next year (1983) not only by singing; she acted in a few dramas as well, and as expected, she was finally rewarded to be selected for that year's Red and White Song Festival. she was nominated as the best singing female of 1984 (but she did not win). 
In 1995 Yoshie managed to turn the situation around by getting sexier image, and was well recognised. Her posters for her hit song "Shinobi-ai" (lit. "quietly in love") which were hung on buildings and advertisement venues were all stolen within days, and in this year it was found out that the Prince of Japan was a big fan of Yoshie, and instantly she was popular again, pushing her to return to the stage of Kohaku (Red and White) for a second (and final) appearance.
From 1986 onwards, Yoshie began writing lyrics for her own songs, but unfortunately her popularity took a steep downhill. She then began to focus on acting. As of now Yoshie still sings occasionally.

</doc>
<doc id="20851267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851267" title="Herbert Hill (baseball)">
Herbert Hill (baseball)

Herbert Lee Hill (August 19, 1891 – September 1, 1970) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in one game for the Cleveland Indians on July 17 during the 1915 Cleveland Indians season, pitching two innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20851274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851274" title="William Fryar">
William Fryar

William Fryar (25 January 1828 - 22 December 1912) was an early Australian surveyor, politician, businessman and mining inspector.
Biography.
Fryar was born on 25 January 1828 at Willington, Northumberland, England, the son of Thomas Fryar (mining engineer), and his wife Mary Ann, née Scott. He immigrated to Queensland, Australia in 1853. At intervals between 1864 and 1882, Fryar worked in the Lands Department as a licensed surveyor in the south-eastern regions of Maroochy and Mooloolah.
In 1869, Fryar went into partnership with James Strachan and established the first sugar mill on the river at Loganholme. This was initially a very successful business that employed up to 100 men at crushing time. However, they were declared insolvent in 1876, because of problems with the delivery of new equipment from Glasgow. Fryar returned to his occupation as a surveyor.
On 6 January 1874, he joined the seventh Queensland parliament as an independent member for East Moreton in the Legislative Assembly where he was mainly interested in land policy. In May 1875, Fryar replaced Thomas Stephens who resigned as the Secretary for Lands in the third Arthur Macalister ministry, until its fall on 5 June 1876. He remained the member for East Moreton until he resigned in 1877, again returning to surveying.
In 1882, Fryar became the first Queensland inspector of mines and held the senior post, the Southern Division, until he retired in June 1904. He had become one of the first directors of the Queensland Evangelical Standard, a Dissenting weekly of strong political character, established on 10 June 1875.
In 1857 at Brisbane he had married Margaret Louisa Lewis. Of their ten children only two sons and two daughters survived him when he died in Coorparoo, Brisbane on 22 December 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="20851281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851281" title="Proliferating angioendotheliomatosis">
Proliferating angioendotheliomatosis

Proliferating angioendotheliomatosis has historically been divided into two groups, (1) a reactive, involuting type and (2) a malignant, rapidly fatal type. 
The reactive involuting type is uncommon and occurs in patients with various diseases including subacute bacterial endocarditis and end-stage atherosclerotic disease. Patients present with various skin lesions and rashes - mostly commonly on the thighs. Treatment aimed at the underlying condition hastens the resolution of the lesions.
The malignant type is an intravascular lymphoma, usually of the diffuse B-cell type. It progresses rapidly through involvement of multiple body systems and mortality occurs in less than a year from the initial diagnosis. The average age of patients newly diagnosed is 55 years. Currently the causative mechanism is unknown. In a few cases treatment with palliative chemotherapy has been effective.
Classification.
Proliferating angioendotheliomatosis may be divided into the following types:

</doc>
<doc id="20851284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851284" title="Omar, Delaware">
Omar, Delaware

Omar is an unincorporated community in Sussex County, Delaware, United States, located at the crossroads of Delaware Route 20 and Sussex County Road 54 and between the towns of Dagsboro and Roxana.
The Baltimore Mills Historic Archaeological Site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20851295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851295" title="Hugh Hill (baseball)">
Hugh Hill (baseball)

Hugh Ellis Hill (July 21, 1879 – September 6, 1958) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps during the 1903 Cleveland Naps season and the St. Louis Cardinals during the 1904 St. Louis Cardinals season. Hill spent a few quality seasons with the American Association's Kansas City Blues prior to 1910. He is buried at the Spring Hill Cemetery in Charleston, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20851296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20851296" title="List of Billboard Hot 100 top 10 singles in 2009">
List of Billboard Hot 100 top 10 singles in 2009

This is a list of singles that have peaked in the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 during 2009 (see 2009 in music). The date is when the song entered the top 10 for the first time. Songs that were still in the top 10 at the beginning of 2009 but peaked in 2008 are listed in List of Billboard Hot 100 top 10 singles in 2008.

</doc>
