<doc id="20764962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764962" title="Luke O'Reilly (cricketer)">
Luke O'Reilly (cricketer)

Luke O'Reilly (born 9 July 1977) is an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Westminster.
O'Reilly, who played two matches for Middlesex Second XI in the 1998 AON Risks Trophy, made four List A appearances between 1999 and 2001. Despite bowling for 30 overs, he never made an appearance as a batsman.
O'Reilly made one further C&G Trophy appearance, in 2001 for Middlesex CB.
As of 2008, O'Reilly still plays cricket in the Essex Cricket League for Woodford Wells, alongside such names as former Essex player Robert Leiper.

</doc>
<doc id="20764963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764963" title="Riverside Line">
Riverside Line

Riverside Line may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20764974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764974" title="Dear Enemy (band)">
Dear Enemy (band)

Dear Enemy were an Australian indie pop band formed in Melbourne in 1980 which had a Top 5 single, "Computer One", on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart from December 1983. They released a studio album, "Ransom Note" in 1984 on EMI and Capitol Records, which peaked at No. 15 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart, and they subsequently disbanded in 1988.
Biography.
Dear Enemy were named from a Ginger Meggs comic strip–the hero receives letters from his rival which are always addressed to 'Dear Enemy'.
The Melbourne band formed in 1980, with an original lineup of vocalist Ron Martini, guitarists Chris Langford and Les Barker (ex-Benders), keyboardist Peter Holden, bassist John Joyce and drummer Ian Morrison. At the end of 1982, keyboardist Martin Fisher and bassist Peter Leslie (both ex-Little Heroes) replaced keyboardist Peter Holden and bassist Nevio.
The band took the name Dear Enemy at the end of 1980, before that they played together as a covers band called Stonewall.
Dear Enemy had a strong following on the live circuit in 1981 and 1982, often playing their original music four times a week. In 1983 they signed a recording contract with the American label EMI/Capitol - one of the first Australian bands signed direct to an overseas label. They recorded their debut album "Ransom Note" in the United States under the guidance of producer Peter McIan (Men at Work, Mondo Rock) - in fact the band were signed with the condition that Peter McIan oversee the recording sessions. The impressive album generated three quality singles, the first of which "Computer One" (which was written in America by Langford and Fisher) proved to be Dear Enemy’s one and only major hit, peaking at No. 5 on the Australian charts in late 1983. The follow-up single "The Good Life" stalled at No. 39 a few months later, whilst the slide continued with the third single "Kids On The Street" failing to chart. "Ransom Note" sold more than 25,000 units and reached No. 15 on the national album charts.
Dear Enemy released a new single a few months later with "New Hero", which featured on the soundtrack to the Australian motion picture "Street Hero". The single however only reached No. 93 on the charts. A couple of lineup changes, with Joey Amenta replacing Barker in April, 1985, and two more flop singles, "Stay" and "You're Right, You're Right", followed over the next four years before Dear Enemy’s system crashed and they called it a day at the end of 1988. Dear Enemy did record tracks for a second album during this period but due to contract and legal problems the album didn’t see the light of day. Ron Martini also released a CD entitled "Big Night Out" in 1996 with backing band The Missiles Of Love. Ian Morrison went onto perform with Goanna.
In 2000 EMI released a CD "Best of Dear Enemy (Ransom Note and Beyond)" which was a compilation of all the band's releases, this was followed in 2004 by a "Best of", which was basically "Ransom Note" and the inclusion of the single "New Hero".

</doc>
<doc id="20764979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764979" title="Humayun Chaudhry">
Humayun Chaudhry

Humayun J. Chaudhry (born November 17, 1965) is an American physician and medical educator who is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) of the United States, a national non-profit organization founded in 1912 that represents the 70 state medical boards of the United States and its territories and which co-sponsors the United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE). From 2007 to 2009, he served as Commissioner of Health Services for Suffolk County, New York, the seventh largest county in the United States and the state's most populous county outside New York City.
Chaudhry is co-author of "Medical Licensing and Discipline in America", published by Lexington Books in 2012, and principal author of "Fundamentals of Clinical Medicine", 4th edition, a textbook for medical students and physicians in training that was published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in 2004. A Clinical Associate Professor of Internal Medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and Clinical Associate Professor of Preventive Medicine at Stony Brook University School of Medicine in New York, he is the recipient of a Laureate Award from the American College of Physicians and has been inducted into the American Osteopathic Association's Mentor Hall of Fame.
Advocacy of "Maintenance of Licensure" (MOL).
In 2010, the House of Delegates of the Federation of State Medical Boards approved a policy framework for "Maintenance of Licensure" (MOL) that recommends that all U.S. physicians, as a condition of licensure renewal, "should provide evidence of participation in a program of professional development and lifelong learning." The MOL framework proposes three components: reflective self-assessment, assessment of knowledge and skills, and performance in practice.
Chaudhry chairs a CEO Advisory Council that advises the FSMB's Board of Directors and works with an FSMB MOL Implementation Group, which has recommended that physicians actively engaged in the Maintenance of Certification (MOC) program of the American Board of Medical Specialties, or the Osteopathic Continuous Certification (OCC) program of the American Osteopathic Association, should be recognized as "substantially in compliance" with any MOL program that is adopted by a state. For those physicians not board-certified in a specialty of medicine or surgery, or for those not engaged in MOC or OCC, the program envisions states offering multiple options by which each of the components of MOL can be achieved for licensure renewal.
On August 5, 2010, Chaudhry joined David Blumenthal, M.D., President Barack Obama's National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, and Marilyn Tavenner, then Principal Deputy Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, at a news conference at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., where Chaudhry noted that "health information technology, generally, and electronic health records, in particular, could be of value as doctors fulfill (their) professional obligation and demonstrate ongoing clinical competence through MOL."
Medical regulation.
State medical and osteopathic boards in the United States took 5,721 disciplinary actions against physicians in 2009, an increase of 342 actions over 2008, according to a report by the Federation of State Medical Boards. Writing in the introduction to the report, Chaudhry cautioned against using those numbers to compare or rank states. "Changes in a board's funding, staffing levels, changes in state law and many other factors," he said, "can impact the number of actions taken by a board." 
In an interview with the New York Times about telemedicine and virtual medicine, Chaudhry noted that the Federation of State Medical Boards' guidelines define a patient-doctor relationship as "clearly established and begun when a physician agrees to undertake diagnosis and treatment of the patient, and the patient agrees." He stressed the importance of ensuring that patients receive the same standard of care online as in person. "It should be the same exact standard as if the patient was in your examining room," he cautioned. "You can't cut corners."
From 2009 Chaudhry has served as Secretary of the Management Committee for the International Association of Medical Regulatory Authorities. In 2010, and again in 2012, he was elected representative of the United States to IAMRA's General Assembly.
On March 13, 2013, Chaudhry and Lance Talmage, M.D., Chair of the FSMB Board of Directors, received a bipartisan letter signed by U.S. Senator John Thune of South Dakota and seven other U.S. Senators (Thomas Carper, Roger Wicker, James Inhofe, John Barrasso, Mike Enzi, Tim Johnson, and Lamar Alexander) applauding "the efforts of the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) on the work you are doing in examining solutions that would allow for more efficient sharing of medical licensure information that is necessary for the advancement of telehealth technology." The letter expressed the hope that the FSMB can leverage resources "to develop a proposal that satisfies the myriad of complex issues associated with licensure portability."
Health Commissioner.
As Commissioner of Health Services for New York's Suffolk County from 2007 to 2009, Chaudhry supervised 1,500 employees and oversaw an annual budget of $400 million. He created a Division of Preventive Medicine within the department through a restructuring of 72 personnel that was approved by Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy and the Suffolk County Legislature and which went into effect on January 1, 2008. "We can't make people live forever," Chaudhry said in an article in the New York Times about the new division, "but we can prevent premature deaths."
During the 2009 flu pandemic due to Influenza A virus subtype H1N1, Chaudhry was praised for taking a cautious public health approach to the new virus, recommending closure of schools when needed and setting up e-mail alerts for Suffolk County administrators. Describing his department's public health response to the 2009 flu pandemic in an Op-Ed article in Newsday, Chaudhry noted the advantages of advanced technology (e.g., BlackBerry, Twitter) in tracking the virus and keeping in close communication with local, state and federal health officials. Named "Long Islander of the Week" and "Dr. Stay-Well," Newsday recognized Chaudhry for "intently but calmly... (steering) the public on a better middle course between apathy and alarm." Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy described him as someone with "an uncanny ability to take complex medical issues and explain them in layman's terms to the public," adding that Chaudhry "helped to guide the county through a number of health crises during his tenure in a masterful way."
During Chaudhry's tenure, Suffolk County adopted a ban on trans fats, derived from partially hydrogenated oil, from its restaurants in 2009. Suffolk County became the first jurisdiction in the United States to ban the sale of baby bottles containing the chemical Bisphenol A, in a measure that Chaudhry said would be enforced with the assistance of consumer complaints. Justifying Suffolk County's actions against Bisphenol A, Chaudhry said, "There was enough evidence to warrant some type of intervention before that final study is done that shows this to be harmful." The County's lawmakers also voted to support a proposal (the first in the nation) to ban the indoor use of electronic cigarettes in public buildings, a move Chaudhry supported.
Medical educator.
Following the completion of his medical residency training in Internal Medicine, Chaudhry served from 1996 to 2001 as Director of Medical Education at Long Beach Medical Center, a 202-bed community teaching hospital in Long Beach, New York. From 2001 to 2007, he served as full-time Chairman of the Department of Medicine at the New York College of Osteopathic Medicine of New York Institute of Technology, where he also served from 2003-2005 as Assistant Dean for Pre-Clinical Education, supervising the undergraduate medical education delivered to first and second year medical students, and from 2005-2007 as the Assistant Dean for Health Policy.
Chaudhry is the principal author of the medical student textbook "Fundamentals of Clinical Medicine", written with co-authors from New York University School of Medicine, Cleveland Clinic Foundation, Tufts-New England Medical Center and Brigham and Women's Hospital. The book was praised by Jerome P. Kassirer, M.D., MACP, Editor-in-Chief of the "New England Journal of Medicine" from 1991–1999, who wrote in its foreword, "Every medical student should have this book."
From 1999 to 2007, Chaudhry served in the United States Air Force Reserves as a physician and medical educator, rising to the rank of Major and serving as a Flight Surgeon on flight status with the 732nd Airlift Squadron and as the Medical Operations Flight Commander for the 514th Aeromedical Staging Squadron (ASTS) of the 514th Air Mobility Wing, both at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey. Chaudhry has flown on training missions on the C-141 Starlifter, KC-10 Extender, and the C-17 Globemaster III and is the recipient of an Air Force Commendation Medal, an Air Force Achievement Medal and a Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon.
From 2009 through 2012, Chaudhry delivered a lecture in the "Foundations of Public Health" course at the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston, Massachusetts and from 2002 through 2012 taught electrocardiography at the New York College of Osteopathic Medicine of NYIT. He served as President of the American College of Osteopathic Internists from 2008-2009 and as President of the Association of Osteopathic Directors and Medical Educators from 2007-2009. On April 11, 2013, he was awarded the title of Master of the American College of Physicians for "excellence in the practice of medicine" at a ceremony in San Francisco.
Scientific publications and research.
Chaudhry has written articles in peer-reviewed medical journals in the areas of public health, preventive medicine, medical education and infectious diseases, including maintenance of licensure, studies on ways to improve vaccine utilization in acute care settings, the development of a multimedia online orientation for the third-year medicine clerkship, a comprehensive review of drug-induced aseptic meningitis, a review of streptococcal paratracheal abscesses, and a consensus statement on abdominal girth and cardiometabolic risk.
Health policy.
From 1995-2004, Chaudhry was the author of resolutions adopted by the American Medical Association, the Medical Society of the State of New York, the New York State chapter of the American Society of Internal Medicine, and the New York Chapter of the American College of Physicians on such subjects as the promotion of warning labels on herbal supplements, support for state funding of cancer prevalence mapping in New York, physician education about prevailing screening guidelines, medical resident duty hours and supervision, managed care principles and practices, physician workforce predictions and the training of physicians in women's health.
As Chair of the Health and Public Policy Committee of the New York Chapter of the American College of Physicians, Chaudhry served as the lead author of a White Paper in 2006 on the future of primary care medicine in New York State.
Education.
Humayun Javaid Chaudhry was raised in Brooklyn, New York, where he attended Public School 199 and Andries Hudde Junior High School. He graduated from Midwood High School at the age of 16. He received a B.A. in biology and an M.S. in anatomy from New York University, followed by a D.O. (Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine) degree from the New York Institute of Technology College of Osteopathic Medicine. In 2001, he received a Master of Science degree in Health Care Management from the Harvard School of Public Health.
He completed an osteopathic rotating internship at St. Barnabas Hospital, Bronx, New York, followed by a three-year residency in Internal Medicine at Winthrop-University Hospital in Mineola, New York, where he served an additional year, from 1995–1996, as Chief Medical Resident.

</doc>
<doc id="20764995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764995" title="Matthew Walshe">
Matthew Walshe

Matthew Walshe (born 1 April 1970) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Welwyn Garden City.
Walshe, who played in the Second XI Championship for Leicestershire, Somerset, and Essex, made a single list A appearance for Hertfordshire, in the 1993 NatWest Trophy. From the lower order, he scored a single run, and took bowling figures of 2-67.
Walshe continued to represent Hertfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship until 1995.
In 2006, Walshe made a single appearance for Finchley in the Evening Standard trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20764997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764997" title="Lawrence Wright (cricketer)">
Lawrence Wright (cricketer)

Lawrence Wright (born 11 May 1940) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Hertford.
Wright, who represented the team in the Minor Counties Championship between 1960 and 1972, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1964 Gillette Cup. From the middle order, he scored 7 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20764998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20764998" title="Duncan Willetts">
Duncan Willetts

Duncan Willetts (born 26 October 1983) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Herefordshire. He was born in Stourbridge.
Willetts, who first appeared for Herefordshire in the 38-County Cup in 2001, made his only List A appearance for the team in the C&G Trophy competition of 2004, against Worcestershire. He did not bat nor bowl during the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20765002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765002" title="David Hughes (cricketer, born 1978)">
David Hughes (cricketer, born 1978)

David Hughes (born Nicholas David Hughes on 6 July 1978) was an Irish cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Dublin.
Hughes, who made a single appearance for Hampshire Second XI in 1997, and two appearances in 1999 for Surrey Second XI, made his only List A appearance during the 2000 NatWest Trophy, against Cambridgeshire. From the opening order, Hughes scored a duck with the bat, and took bowling figures of 0-34.

</doc>
<doc id="20765003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765003" title="Sofinnova">
Sofinnova

Sofinnova is the name shared by two formerly-related venture capital firms, Sofinnova Ventures and Sofinnova Partners. Both firms trace their roots back to Sofinnova SA, an investment institution founded in Paris in 1972. The two firms have raised nearly $3B combined since inception, and share the similar investment strategies of investing in the life science and technology sectors. The two sister firms distinguish themselves on the basis of their target geographies, and have been fully independent since 1997.
Sofinnova Ventures and Sofinnova Partners have had historically some of the same Limited Partners, and have co-invested together in selected companies from their respective funds. Both firms work together in a collegial way to exchange information and due diligence in each other's respective geographies. The firms do not have an obligation to show each other deals or to co-invest, but historically have co-invested together in ~10% of their collective investments.
Sofinnova Ventures (USA).
Sofinnova Ventures is an independent venture capital firm based in Menlo Park with $1.4B capital under management.
Investments.
Sofinnova Ventures has been an active venture investor, investing in some well known venture investments of the period. Sofinnova invested in Collagen Aesthetics, Biogen, Genentech, Tandon, Tandem Computers and Printonix, Tumbleweed, and Phone.com. Sofinnova Ventures funded several of these as start-ups that developed into large international companies. More recently, Sofinnova Ventures has backed companies including: Kosan Biosciences, Actelion, Intermune, Seattle Genetics, Cotherix, Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Prestwick, Preglem, Movetis, Intellikine and Amarin. 
The San Francisco office of Sofinnova Ventures was often remembered for having an original 18 ft. mosasaurus in the office of one of the Managing Partners (Mike Powell). Sofinnova Ventures closed their San Francisco office in 2011, and combined their Bay Area offices into a single office on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park. 
The following funds have been raised by Sofinnova Ventures. The earlier funds of the SVP series were predominantly information technology (IT), wherein the later funds were predominantly life science focused. SVP VIII has a life science focus only, with emphasis on Phase 2 and 3 drug development. SVP IV was Sofinnova's initial fund after the reorganization of Sofinnova (see below). 
"Source: Private Equity Intelligence" and Sofinnova Ventures.
Sofinnova Partners (France).
Sofinnova Partners is an independent venture capital firm based in Paris with approximately €1.2 billion of capital. The firm invests in early stage companies and corporate spin-offs, in information technology/cleantech and life science:
Sofinnova has financed more than 460 companies in Europe since inception 1972 of which more than 20% have successfully completed an initial public offering and more than 20% have been acquired by strategic buyers.
Investments.
Following the separation of the two firms, Sofinnova Partners completed fundraising for its third private equity fund, Sofinnova Capital III with €121 million of capital. Among the investments in this fund are Innate, Maximiles and NovusPharma. Sofinnova's fourth fund which raised €330 million of capital made Sofinnova one of the largest venture firms in Europe at the time. 
Sofinnova closed its fifth fund with €385M in 2005. That same year, in 2005, Sofinnova was named “Fund of the Year” by Private Equity International and “VC Techno House of the Year 2005” by the European Venture Capital Journal (EVCJ) which described Sofinnova's fundraising as the “Fundraising of the Year 2005”. This fund has invested in a number of companies including Taptu.
"Source: Private Equity Intelligence"

</doc>
<doc id="20765011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765011" title="Fasciolopsis">
Fasciolopsis

Fasciolopsis ( or ) is a genus of trematodes. 
Just one species is recognised: "Fasciolopsis buski". It is a notable parasite of medical importance in humans and veterinary importance in pigs. It is prevalent in Southern and Eastern Asia. The term for infestation with "Fasciolopsis" is fasciolopsiasis.
"Fasciolopsis buski".
"Fasciolopsis buski" is commonly called the giant intestinal fluke, because it is an exceptionally large parasitic fluke, and the largest known to parasitise humans. Its size is variable and a mature specimen might be as little as 2 cm long, but the body may grow to a length of 7.5 cm and a width of 2.5 cm. It is a common parasite of humans and pigs and is most prevalent in Southern and Southeastern Asia. It is a member of the family Fasciolidae in the order Echinostomida. The Echinostomida are members of the class Trematoda, the flukes. The fluke differs from most species that parasitise large mammals, in that they inhabit the gut rather than the liver as "Fasciola" species do. "Fasciolopsis buski" generally occupies the upper region of the small intestine, but in heavy infestations can also be found in the stomach and lower regions of the intestine. "Fasciolopsis buski" is the cause of the pathological condition fasciolopsiasis.
In London, George Busk first described "Fasciolopsis buski" in 1843 after finding it in the duodenum of a sailor. After years of careful study and self experimentation, in 1925, Claude Heman Barlow determined its life cycle in humans.
Morphology.
"Fasciolopsis buski" is a large, leaf-shaped, dorsoventrally flattened fluke characterized by a blunt anterior end, undulating, unbranched ceca (sac-like cavities with single openings), tandem testes, branched ovaries, and ventral suckers to attach itself to the host. The acetabulum is larger than the oral sucker. The fluke has extensive follicles. It can be distinguished from other fasciolids by a lack of cephalic cone or "shoulders" and the unbranched ceca.
Life cycle.
Adults produce over 25,000 eggs every day which take up to seven weeks to mature and hatch at 27–32 °C. Immature, unembryonated eggs are discharged into the intestine and stool. In two weeks, eggs become embryonated in water, and after about seven weeks, eggs release tiny parasitic organisms called miracidia, which invade a suitable snail intermediate host. Several species of genera "Segmentina" and "Hippeutis" serve as intermediate hosts. In the snail the parasite undergoes several developmental stages (sporocysts, rediae, and cercariae). The cercariae are released from the snail and encyst as metacercariae on aquatic plants such as water chestnut, water caltrop, lotus, bamboo, and other edible plants. The mammalian host, or the final host, becomes infected by ingesting metacercariae on the aquatic plants. After ingestion, the metacercariae excyst in the duodenum in about three months and attach to the intestinal wall. There they develop into adult flukes (20 to 75 mm by 8 to 20 mm) in approximately 3 months, attached to the intestinal wall of the mammalian hosts (humans and pigs). The adults have a life span of about one year.

</doc>
<doc id="20765070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765070" title="Narciso Bernardo">
Narciso Bernardo

Narciso C. Bernardo (July 27, 1937 – December 23, 2008), also known as Ciso Bernardo, was a Filipino basketball player and coach. Bernardo was born in Manila, Philippines. He played for Mariwasa AC in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. Bernardo also appeared at the Olympic Games as a member of the country's national basketball team. He also coached the Crispa Redmanizers in the Philippine Basketball Association, where he guided the team to the 1984 PBA First All-Filipino Conference championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20765091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765091" title="George C. Mathews">
George C. Mathews

George C. Mathews was an American economist who served as a member of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Franklin Delano Roosevelt from 1934 to 1940. 
A liberal Republican from Wisconsin, Mathews served on the Wisconsin Public Utilities Commission before being appointed by Roosevelt to the Federal Trade Commission on October 27, 1933. He was appointed to the SEC on June 30, 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20765097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765097" title="Plum (color)">
Plum (color)

Plum is a deep purple color, such as that shown at right (color #8E4585), which is a close representation of the average color of the plum fruit. 
As a quaternary color on the RYB color wheel, plum is an equal mix of the tertiary colors russet and slate (also known as olive).
The first recorded use of "plum" as a color name in English was in 1805.
Variations of plum.
Pale plum.
At right is displayed the color pale plum, which is the pale tone of plum that is the web color called "plum". 
This color is paler than the color at the head of this article (color #8E4585)—paler than the color of an actual plum. 
French plum.
At right is displayed the color French plum, which is the tone of plum that is called "plum" in the Pourpre.com color list, a color list widely popular in France. 
In French, "prune" is the word for "plum". 
Persian plum (prune).
Displayed at right is the color Persian plum from the Xona.com Color List.
This is the color traditionally called prune because it is a representation of the average color of prunes. "Prune" is the French word for "plum", but in English the name "prune" is applied to "dried plums". This color is a representation of the color of cooked dried plums (prunes). 
The first recorded use of "prune" as a color name in English was in 1789.
Plum in nature.
Birds

</doc>
<doc id="20765117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765117" title="Alan Geoffrey Hotham">
Alan Geoffrey Hotham

Admiral Sir Alan Geoffrey Hotham, Order of St Michael and St George, CB (3 October 1876 – 10 July 1965) was an officer in the Royal Navy. He also played first-class cricket for Hampshire in 1901.
Naval career.
Hotham was born in Edinburgh, Midlothian on 3 October 1876 and played first-class cricket for Hampshire in 1901. He served during the First World War, commanding the C-class light cruiser at the Battle of Jutland. He was appointed Director of Trade at the Admiralty in 1917 and Commodore Commanding the New Zealand Division in 1921 before serving as Director of Naval Intelligence at the Admiralty from 1924 to 1927. He retired from the navy in 1929 and became a member of Port of London Authority. Hotham was Gentleman Usher of the Blue Rod between 1934 and 1959. In this capacity he was present at the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953.
He died in Victoria, London on 10 July 1965 at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="20765121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765121" title="S. S. Rajendran">
S. S. Rajendran

Sedapatti Suryanarayana Devar Rajendran commonly known by his stage name S. S. Rajendran (SSR) () was born in 1928 at Sedapatti hamlet near Usilampatti, Madras Presidency, India. He is a film actor, director, producer and politician. In acting, attractive personality and correct and clear pronunciation of Tamil words are his two major talents.
Early life.
S. S. Rajendran, born in 1928, popularly known as SSR, was introduced to Tamil cinema through the hit "Parasakthi", released in 1952. He was a cult figure in the early 1950s and 60s who thrilled the fans by his breath-taking dialogue delivery and for his Dictaphone Tamil pronunciation — a feat only matched by the thespian Sivaji Ganesan. SSR got offers to act in stage dramas when he was in the 6th std. He joined Puliya Maanagar Boy's Company, which was famous in south Tamil Nadu, established by P. K. Subba Reddiyar. He started acting in the plays with small roles; soon he was selected to act as "Bala Abhimanyu". 
Later he joined T.K.S. Brothers Drama Company, Muththamizh Kala Vidva Rathna TKS Sabha. T. K. Shanmugam, his mentor, was sick one day and he could not attend the play that night for "Siva Leela". Rajendran, who was hardly 15 years old, was selected by the troupe to act as the hero Shenbagapandian, replacing Shanmugam. He became a drama star overnight. During those days, he has the opportunity to meet Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and Arignar C. N. Annadurai. He left T.K.S. drama company in 1943 and joined Mohana Gana Sabha in Madras. 
He had his first film offer in "Abhimanyu", but the opportunity was lost to S. M. Kumaresan. SSR became a playback singer with the song "Inba ulakile manmadhan poonganai" in the film "Andaal" — music by G. Ramanathan, produced by Salem Moorthy Pictures. After that Rajendran started his own drama company and made efforts to enter filmdom.
Cinema Life.
SSR was introduced to Tamil cinema through the hit film Parasakthi in 1952, directed by renowned duo directors Krishnan Panju , in the character Gnanasekharan, as the elder brother of Sivaji Ganesan. Following with block busters Mudhalali, President Panchatcharam, Pillai Kani Amudhu, Thalai Koduthan Thambi, Thedi Vandha Selvam, C. N. Annadurai's Edhayum Thangum Idhayam, M. Karunanidhi's Avan Pithana, Poompuhar and Modern Theatres Kumudham. SSR acted with M. G. Ramachandran in Raja Desingu as Mohamed Khan and in Kaanji Thalaivan as Paranjothi. He had worked in many films with Sivaji Ganesan such as Manohara, Rangoon Radha, Raja Rani, Deiva Piravi, Aalayamani, Pachai Vilakku, Kai Kodutha Dheivam, Pazhani and Shanthi.
Other notable films were Sorgavaasal, Ammaiyappan, Ratha Kanneer, Kuladeivam, Thai Piranthaal Vazhi Pirakkum, Kalyanikku Kalyanam, Sivagangai Seemai, also in AVM's Kaakkum Karangal, Poomalai and K. Balachander's Ethiroli. SSR was one of the hero in demand who acted non-stop, when M. G. Ramachandran and Sivaji Ganesan ruled the Tamil industry. S. S. Rajendran carved out a niche for himself and dominated the field. He paired with leading heroines like B. Saroja Devi, Padmini, Vijayakumari, Raja Sulochana, Kanchana and K. R. Vijaya.
His drama company "SSR Nadaka Mandram" staged famous plays. Thousands of plays performed throughout the nation. His noted plays where"Or Iravu" (C.N.Annadurai), "Manimagudam" (M. Karunanidhi), "Thenpaandi Veeran" (P. Nedumaran). Once his play was staged in Mumbai (Shanmuganandha Hall) in the presence of Raj Kapoor and Prithviraj Kapoor and honoured him. He gave opportunities to artistes M. N. Rajam, Sheela, Manorama and "Navarasa Thilagam" R. Muthuraman.
Later SSR was very selective about the roles in films.
Director K. S. Gopalakrishnan was introduced from his film "Saradha" (a silver jubilee hit) and "Saradha Studios" was established to commomerate the success of this film by its producer A. L. Srinivasan. Like wise, SSRs film "Thai Pirandhal Vazhi Pirakkum" in which his co-star was Raja Sulochana, a block buster on the year 1958, its producer/director Pulavar A. K. Velan, from the revenue, established a studio named "Arunachalam Studios", in Arunachalam Road, Saligramam, Chennai. 
Debut of Director Muktha Srinivasan was SSRs film "Mudhalali", Devika was introduced in this film. Director A. Bhimsingh's first film was "Ammaiyappan" in which hero was SSR. Director K. Shankar first Tamil film was Sivagangai Seemai. 
He has written songs, scripted movies and directed three films Thangarathinam, Alli and Manimagudam in which J. Jayalalitha paired with him. He was honoured by Vijayakanth and Sarath Kumar by offering him notable rolls in their films Vallarasu and Rishi. He also wrote songs "Thunbam Theeradho" for "Thangarathinam" (1960) sung by T. M. Soundararajan and K. Jamuna Rani and "Indraikku Naan Pirandhen" for "Erattai Manithan" music by M. S. Viswanathan. He has sung a song "Senthamizhnattu Katharinesavu Selaigal Vettigal Vanguveer" in "Pudhumaipenn" (1959) tuned by K. V. Mahadevan and written by Udumalai Narayana Kavi.
Popularly known as ILATCHIYA NADIGAR, he received Seven President awards including central/state.
Founder, member of SOUTH INDIAN ARTISTS ASSOCIATION and was elected as its President for three times. SSR was honoured with Thyagaraja Bhagavathar Award by Tamil Nadu State Government, 1999 and also he has received "Kalaimamani" award.
Politics Life.
He joined the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) party and contested from Theni constituency in the assembly election, but lost by a margin. He raised funds for DMK and acted in movies glorifying Dravidian ideologies. SSR was the first elected member of legislative assembly among actors in India when he was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidateTheni (State Assembly Constituency) in Madras State legislative assembly election, 1962. Subsequently, he was elected as a member (MP) of Rajya Sabha. Later, he joined the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) and won from Andipatti constituency in the 1981 assembly election,secured highest leading margin more than other constituencies on that assembly election. He was appointed deputy chairman of Small Savings Scheme. Today, he is retired from the politics.
Family.
His father Suryanarayana Devar was an official in education department. His mother's is Adhilakshmi. SSR's sister Pappammal married actor D. V. Narayanaswamy. SSR married Pankajammal to whom Elangovan, Rajendrakumar, Kalaivanan, Selvaraj and Bhagyalakshmi were born. A public cinema theatre, film studio,and recording theatre under the banner of "SSR PANKAJAM" established by them in Chennai. These establishments are a tribute to SSR’s wife Pankajam and hence its christened as the same. He married to C. R. Vijayakumari and had a son Ravikumar. Later he married Thamaraiselvi and had a son and daughter named Kannan and Lakshmi.
Personal interest.
SSR had not acted in mythological films; he was a strict follower of Periyar E. V. Ramasamy's policy of rationalism. He added that he had not acted in any film that was against his policy. That was why he was referred to as "Latchiya Nadigar" (Actor of Principles) by Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and Arignar C. N. Annadurai. Initially, SSR was offered the role of Bharadhan in "Sampoorna Ramayanam", but he refused and the role went to Sivaji Ganesan. 
SSR was full of praise for playback singer T. M. Sounderarajan (TMS) and his evergreen songs that are very popular. He referred TMS as the 'Golden treasure' of Tamil cinema. At present, SSR is writing his autobiography.
Filmography.
Notable Tamil films.

</doc>
<doc id="20765131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765131" title="FC Bassin d'Arcachon">
FC Bassin d'Arcachon

Football Club Bassin d'Arcachon Sud is a French association football club founded in 1923. They are based in Arcachon, Gironde and currently play in the Division d'Honneur d'Aquitaine, the sixth tier in the French football league system. They play at the Stade Jean Brousse in Arcachon.
History.
On June 3, 2003, Bassin d'Arcachon merged with a local side, FC Gujan-Mestras, to formed the club that exists today. Their first manager in this era was the legendary Frenchman Jean-Pierre Papin, who contributed to the club's promotion to CFA 2 in 2005, before leaving to manage Ligue 1 side RC Strasbourg.
Current squad.
"As of Sunday 25 January 2009 "

</doc>
<doc id="20765132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765132" title="Nam Theun 2 Power Company">
Nam Theun 2 Power Company

The Nam Theun 2 Power Company Limited (NTPC) is a company set up to build and operate the Nam Theun 2 Multi-Purpose Project in Khammuan Province in Laos. It is owned by a consortium comprising:
Governments and government-owned enterprises own a majority of NTPC. This situation is atypical for an Independent Power Project (IPP) where normally the power generating company is privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="20765159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765159" title="Federal Reserve Economic Data">
Federal Reserve Economic Data

Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED) is a database maintained by the Research division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis that has more than 143,000 economic time series from 57 sources. The data can be viewed in graphical and text form or downloaded for import to a database or spreadsheet, and viewed on mobile devices. They cover banking, business/fiscal, consumer price indexes, employment and population, exchange rates, gross domestic product (GDP), interest rates, monetary aggregates, producer price indexes (PPI), reserves and monetary base, U.S. trade and international transactions, and U.S. financial data. The time series are compiled by the Federal Reserve and collected from government agencies such as the U.S. Census and the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The economic data published on FRED are widely reported in the media and play a key role in financial markets. In a 2012 "Business Insider" article titled "The Most Amazing Economics Website in the World", Joe Weisenthal quoted Paul Krugman as saying: "I think just about everyone doing short-order research — trying to make sense of economic issues in more or less real time — has become a FRED fanatic."
Other Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis data services.
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis data is also accessible via other data services:
ALFRED (Archival Federal Reserve Economic Data) lets users retrieve vintage versions of economic data that were available on specific dates in history. The ALFRED web site states that “In general, economic data for past observation periods are revised as more accurate estimates become available. As a result, previous vintages of data can be superseded and may no longer be available from various data sources." It also says that "Vintage or real-time economic data allows academics to reproduce others’ research, build more accurate forecasting models and analyze economic policy decisions using the data available at the time.” 
GeoFRED is a data-mapping tool that displays FRED data series in color-coded form on the state, metropolitan statistical areas and county levels.
CASSIDI is a data service that provides nationwide data on banking market structures and definitions, as well as banking markets for individual depository institutions. 
FRASER (Federal Reserve Archival System for Economic Research) is a digital archive begun in 2004 to safeguard, preserve and provide easy access to the United States’ economic history—particularly the history of the Federal Reserve System—through digitization of documents related to the U.S. financial system. Digitized documents include:
To create and maintain FRASER, the St. Louis Fed collaborated with the United States Government Printing Office, Federal Depository Library Program libraries and several university and public libraries. 
St. Louis Fed Research also hosts IDEAS, a bibliographic database drawn from Research Papers in Economics (RePEc), which consists of economic research from more than one million academic articles and papers. As of March 2013, the IDEAS site states it has more 1,300,000 items of research that can be browsed or searched, and more than 1,200,000 that can be downloaded in full text.

</doc>
<doc id="20765176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765176" title="Rogelio Melencio">
Rogelio Melencio

Rogelio C. Melencio (September 27, 1939 – 1995), also known as Tembong Melencio, was a former Filipino basketball player and coach. Melencio was born in Tondo, Manila, Philippines. He played for the Yutivo Opels and later for Concepcion Industries in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. Melencio also appeared at the Olympic Games in Munich, Germany as a member of the country's national basketball team. He was also a key member of the Pesta Sukan Basketball Team, the 2nd national team of the Philippines beating the 1st national team in close exhibition games.

</doc>
<doc id="20765186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765186" title="Internationales Congress Centrum Berlin">
Internationales Congress Centrum Berlin

The Internationales Congress Centrum Berlin (ICC Berlin), located in the Westend locality of the Berlin borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, is one of the largest conference centres in the world. It is used for conventions, theatrical productions, and concerts.
Overview.
ICC Berlin opened in 1979 (three years after the opening of the Palace of the Republic), and its architects were Ralf Schüler and Ursulina Schüler-Witte. It is 320 metres long, 80 metres wide and 40 metres high. It is linked to the neighboring Messe Berlin fairgrounds; often joining in trade shows and exhibitions.
As perhaps Europe's biggest such centre, it is instrumental to Berlin being one of the top congress cities in the world. It is serviced by S-Bahn station Berlin Messe Nord/ICC. By its own reckoning, ICC Berlin is a landmark of post-war German architecture and has served as an inspiration for similar facilities around the globe.
The current ICC is contaminated by asbestos. Its removal will cost much more than the originally planned 259 million Euro.
In popular culture.
The ICC features prominently in the 1980 disco musical The Apple, in which it appears as a futuristic concert venue. Many of the film's exterior and interior scenes were filmed in and around the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20765200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765200" title="L'Abécédaire de Gilles Deleuze">
L'Abécédaire de Gilles Deleuze

"L'Abécédaire de Gilles Deleuze" is a French television program produced by Pierre-André Boutang in 1988-1989, consisting of an eight-hour series of interviews between Gilles Deleuze and Claire Parnet.

</doc>
<doc id="20765204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765204" title="Reciprocity (engineering)">
Reciprocity (engineering)

Reciprocity in linear systems is the principle that a response Rab, measured at a location (and direction if applicable) a, when the system has an excitation signal applied at a location (and direction if applicable) b, is exactly equal to Rba which is the response at location b, when that same excitation is applied at a. This applies for all frequencies of the excitation signal. If Hab is the transfer function between a and b then Hab = Hba, if the system is linear.
In the special case of a modal analysis this is known as Maxwell's reciprocity theorem.
The reciprocity principle is also used in the analysis of structures. When combined with superposition, symmetry and anti-symmetry, it can be used to resolve complex load conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20765269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765269" title="Charles Chestnut IV">
Charles Chestnut IV

Charles S. "Chuck" Chestnut IV is a Florida funeral director, life insurance agent and Democratic politician who served as the Florida House of Representatives representative for District 23, until 2013. Starting in 2013, District 23 is represented by Republican Dennis K. Baxley. Currently, Charles S. "Chuck" Chestnut, IV serves as one of five Alachua County Board of Commissioners.
Chestnut was born on July 27, 1962 in Gainesville. He received an Associate of Science degree in Mortuary Science from Miami-Dade Community College. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree from Bethune-Cookman College, graduating with honors. He served on the Gainesville City Commission from 2000 to 2006, serving as Mayor Pro Tem from 2003 to 2004, and then again from 2005 to 2006. He was elected to the Florida Legislature in 2006 and then re-elected in 2008. He is married to Tiffany Watts-Chestnut of Gainesville, Florida. They have two children, Ashlie and Charlie. Charles S. Chestnut IV is the son of Former Alachua County Commissioner Charles Sumner Chestnut III and The Late Sylvia R. Chestnut. Along with three sisters, he has a half-brother Christopher Moore Chestnut, Esquire. Charles Chestnut IV's step-mother is Cynthia M. Chestnut.

</doc>
<doc id="20765282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765282" title="Andrew Norman Meldrum">
Andrew Norman Meldrum

Andrew Norman Meldrum (1876, Alloa – 1934, Edinburgh) was a Scottish scientist known for his work in organic chemistry and for his studies of the history of chemistry. It has been claimed that Meldrum's acid "is the only chemical to be named after a Scotsman."
He was educated at Robert Gordon's College in Aberdeen, the Royal College of Science in London, and the University of Aberdeen. He taught at the universities of Aberdeen, Liverpool, Sheffield and Manchester, and entered the Indian Education Service in 1912.
His appointments in India included the Chair of Chemistry at the Madhavlal Ranchodal Science Institute in Ahmedabad, and finally, from 1925 until his retirement in 1931, principal of the Royal Institute of Science (University of Bombay).

</doc>
<doc id="20765306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765306" title="Sound (band)">
Sound (band)

Sound is an independent Filipino jazz band composed of Dru Ubaldo (drums), Erwin Fajardo (keyboards), Sach Castillo (vocals/guitars), and Francis Magat (bass).
History.
In 1996, Paolo Lim, Chino Yuson, and Sach Castillo formed the band Third Stone, an allusion to a Hendrix grind. Later, the trio collaborated with percussionist David Esteban and keyboardist James Bitanga. Originally, the band intended to be a reggae outfit, but several compositions later, the group went into a different direction. In 1999, the band met Erwin Fajardo, to become the new keyboardist. Together with Castillo, the two started writing songs. By 2001, the band had enough material for an album, and eventually settled for the band name Sound.
Live shows and albums.
Sound's live shows are Manila-themed, influenced by groups ranging from The Beatles, Corduroy, Jamiroquai, Stevie Wonder, and Steely Dan, all flavored with a love for original Filipino music. Sound are regular performers at Café Saguijo (Makati), Magnet, Bonifacio High Street (Fort Bonifacio) and Big Sky Mind (New Manila).
In 2003, the independently released debut "BossaManila" came out in the local market. Three years later, they released their sophomore effort "Blue Monsoon" which was notable for the inclusion of the APO Hiking Society original "'Di Na Natuto". The track was also released in the "Kami nAPO Muna" tribute album, released the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20765315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765315" title="David Morgan (sociologist)">
David Morgan (sociologist)

David Hopcraft John Morgan (born 1937), known as David (H. J.) Morgan, is a British sociologist, a former President of the British Sociological Association (1997–1999) and editor of the association's journal "Sociology". His research focuses on family sociology, gender studies and especially men's studies.
Morgan is Professor Emeritus of Sociology at the University of Manchester, where he has taught sociology since 1964, and where the Morgan Centre for the Study of Relationships and Personal Life is named in his honour. He has also held Visiting Professorships at Keele University and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. He is co-editor of the Palgrave Studies in Family Sociology book series.

</doc>
<doc id="20765329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765329" title="Jimmy Mariano">
Jimmy Mariano

Jaime L. Mariano (born April 19, 1941), also known as Jimmy "Mr. Cool" Mariano, is a Filipino former basketball player and coach. Mariano was born in Malabon, Rizal, Philippines. Standing 6'4", he played the forward and center positions. He played for Ysmael Steel, Meralco and Concepcion Industries in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. He was elevated to the Philippine Basketball Association in 1975 with Concepcion Carrier. He played for 7 Up from 1976 to 1977. The 7-Up franchise was acquired in 1978 by Filmanbank and Mariano played his final season with Filmanbank.
Mariano also appeared at the Olympic Games as a member of the country's national basketball team and 1968 Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. Mariano was the flag bearer of the Philippines at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. 
Mariano began his coaching career in 1981 with Presto Fun Drinks in the PBA. He also coached Red Bull in the Philippine Basketball League. In 1990, he returned to Presto and led the team to the 1990 PBA All-Filipino championship, his only PBA title.

</doc>
<doc id="20765333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765333" title="WSFG-LP">
WSFG-LP

WSFG-LP 51 and WSSF-LP 48 are a commonly owned pair of low power television stations in Fayette County, Alabama which receive religious programming via satellite for terrestrial rebroadcast.
In 2008 both stations, despite their LPTV status, successfully forced their programming onto West Alabama TV Cable, a local cable television provider in Hamilton-Winfield-Fayette, Alabama, by using the terrestrial loophole in federal must-carry regulations which allow "qualified LPTV stations" to obtain mandatory cable carriage normally reserved for full-power stations. The use of this provision is based on a claim that no full-power station serves Fayette County, that the community is not part of any of the 160 largest metropolitan statistical areas and that the stations meet specific technical criteria (such as signal coverage and number of hours of programming) which apply to full-service stations seeking carriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20765336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765336" title="Automotive industry in Pakistan">
Automotive industry in Pakistan

The Automotive industry has been an active and growing field in Pakistan for a long time, however not as much established to figure in the prominent list of the top automotive industries, having astable annual production 100-170 thousands only. Despite significant production volumes, transfer of technology and localization of vehicle components remains low, and only a few car models are assembled in the country while customers have a very small variety of vehicles to choose from. The lack of competition in the local auto industry due to the presence of just three assemblers -and only one small car assembler- has resulted in technological stagnation of the industry; small cars produced by Paksuzuki, the country's largest auto assembler, in the country are globally retired models utilizing obsolete technology and not offering any safety features. Currently some of the major world automakers have set up assembly plants or are in joint ventures with local companies these include Toyota, General motors Honda, Suzuki, Nissan Motors. The total contribution of Auto industry to GDP in 2007 was 2.8% which is likely to increase up to 5.6% in the next 5 years. Auto sector presently, contributes 16% to the manufacturing sector which is predicted to increase 25% in the next 7 years. Many cars in the country have dual fuel options and run on CNG which is more affordable and cheaper than petrol in the country.
According to Ministry of Industries, Pakistan produced its first vehicle in 1953, at the National Motors Limited, established in Karachi to assemble Bedford Trucks. Subsequently buses, light trucks and cars were assembled in the same plant. The industry was highly regulated until the early 1990s. After deregulation major Japanese manufacturers entered in the market thereby creating some competition in this sector. Assemblers of HINO Trucks, Suzuki Cars (1984), Mazda Trucks, Toyota (1993) and Honda (1994) in particular, entered once deregulation was introduced. Assembly of Daihatsu and Hyundai cars (1999) and various brands of LCVs and range of mini-trucks commenced recently.
From 1953 to 2011, the journey of auto industry has been rough, tough and sometime very smooth. Car industry saw boom in 2006-2007 when sales touched record peak of 180,834 thanks to rising car financing up to 70-80 per cent by banks due to low interest rates and rising rural buying. Since then the industry has been surviving hard to reach the same sales level amid high interest rates and Yen appreciation against the rupee but high farm income is giving much support to car sales. Good crops this year will keep the car sales brisk despite increase in prices.
The car industry has invested over Rs 20 billion in the last four to five years to meet growing demand. The direct employment in car industry hovers between 5,500-6,000 persons.Motorcycle production hit the country's record level of over 1.5 million units in 2010-2011 by the effort of Pervaiz Musharraf Government's decision that opened bike market to low cost Chinese bikes.
Auto sector now employs 192,000 people directly and around 1.2 million indirectly and has Rs 98 billion of investments and contributes Rs 63 billion as indirect tax in the national exchequer.
Auto Sector remains the second largest payer of indirect taxes after the Petroleum Sector. In Pakistan's context there are 10 cars in 1,000 persons which is one of the lowest in the emerging economies which itself speaks of high potential of growth in the auto sector and more so in the car production. Rising per capita income with changing demographic distribution and an anticipated influx of 30 to 40 million young people in the economically active workforce in the next few years provides a stimulus to the industry to expand and grow (Source AUTOMARK Magazine).
There has also been a recent interest towards hybrid and electric cars among educated Pakistani buyers however there unavailability remains a problem.

</doc>
<doc id="20765354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765354" title="Yellow Moon (Akeboshi album)">
Yellow Moon (Akeboshi album)

Yellow Moon is the fourth EP and sixth album released by Japanese pop and folk artist Akeboshi. Sony Music Entertainment Japan released the EP on April 19, 2006; Sony later released it in America under the Epic Records label. The album's title track "Yellow Moon" garnered fame as the thirteenth ending to Naruto.

</doc>
<doc id="20765400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765400" title="Sweet Dreams (soundtrack)">
Sweet Dreams (soundtrack)

Sweet Dreams is the 1985 soundtrack album to the movie of the same name, starring Jessica Lange and Ed Harris about the life of country music star, Patsy Cline. The soundtrack's music contained all original songs by Patsy Cline. 
The album was released following the movie. Although the soundtrack included original songs performed by Patsy Cline, it did not contain the original background vocal music, as all of it was overdubbed to fit each part of the movie. Cline's original producer, Owen Bradley produced the soundtrack. The music was remixed by Doug Crider at Music City Music Hall in Nashville, Tennessee. The overdub recording sessions took place in 1984 at Bradley's Barn in Mount Juliet, Tennessee. Originally released on a record, the soundtrack was later reissued in a CD format later in the decade.
The lead single from the soundtrack, "Sweet Dreams" was released in 1985, but it failed to chart any US chart. However, the album itself charted at #6 on the Billboard "Top Country Albums" chart in 1985. 
The soundtrack sold. In April 1987, "Sweet Dreams" was certified Gold by the RIAA for shipments of over 500,000 copies in the United States.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20765404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765404" title="Un Poco de Amor">
Un Poco de Amor

"Un Poco de Amor" () is a song by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira, taken from her debut studio album "Pies Descalzos". It was released on May 16, 1996, by Sony Music and Columbia Records as the fourth single from the album. The song was written and produced by Shakira and Luis Fernando Ochoa. "Un Poco de Amor" is a Latin pop song that incorporates reggae elements. Lyrically, it states that Shakira is waiting to find someone who loves her.
Upon its release, "Un Poco de Amor" received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who recognized it as a stand-out track from "Pies Descalzos". The song peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Latin Pop Songs and Latin Songs component charts. While less successful than its preceding singles, its performance continued to aid its parent album in becoming her breakthrough record, which eventually attained platinum certifications in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, and the United States.
A Portuguese-language translation of the track titled "Um Pouco de Amor" appeared on Shakira's first remix album "The Remixes" in 1997. The song has additionally been performed during two of her concert tours to date.
Background and composition.
Shakira released her first official studio album "Pies Descalzos" in 1996 by Sony Music and Columbia Records. Assuming a prominent position in its production, she co-wrote and co-produced each of the eleven tracks included on the record. Serviced as the fourth single from the project, "Un Poco de Amor" saw additional songwriting and production from Luis Fernando Ochoa. The track is heavily influenced by Latin pop elements, and additionally incorporates reggae styles. Lyrically, it states that Shakira is waiting to find someone who loves her. It became her first track to include phrases in English, performed by the uncredited Howard Glasford.
The accompanying music video for "Un Poco de Amor" was directed by Gustavo Garzón. The clip depicts a black-haired and red-haired Shakira dancing with Glasford, in addition to members of various ethnic groups. The music video received a "Billboard" Latin Music Award for Pop Video of the Year. After attaining success with the original Spanish-language version, "Un Poco de Amor" was re-recorded in Portuguese as "Um Pouco de Amor" for Shakira's 1997 remix album "The Remixes".
Reception.
Upon its release, "Un Poco de Amor" received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who recognized it as a stand-out track from "Pies Descalzos". Carlos Quintana of About.com complimented the track for its reggae influences, and placed it among his personal favorites from the record. Similarly, Jose F. Promis from Allmusic praised it for being a "dancehall-lite" track, going on to select the song as an "Allmusic Pick". The song peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Latin Pop Songs and Latin Songs component charts. While less successful than its preceding singles, its performance continued to aid its parent album in becoming her breakthrough record, which eventually attained platinum certifications in Argentina, Brazil, and the United States. "Pies Descalzos" was also awarded the "Diamond Prism" award in Colombia.
In 1996, "Un Poco de Amor" was included in the reissue of "Pies Descalzos", titled "Colección de Oro". In 2005, it was featured as the third track for Shakira's first greatest hits album "Grandes Éxitos". Its appearance in both records was complimented as being reminiscent of her rise to prominence.
Live performances.
Shakira has performed "Un Poco de Amor" during two of her concert tours thus far. She first performed the track in Mexico City during her Tour Pies Descalzos, which ran from 1996 through 1997. It was also included during the Tour of the Mongoose, held in support of her third studio album "Laundry Service". The song was notably absent from her Tour Anfibio, Oral Fixation Tour, and The Sun Comes Out World Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20765429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765429" title="Marcellus L. Joslyn">
Marcellus L. Joslyn

Marcellus L. Joslyn (February 6, 1873 – 1963) was the founder and principal stockholder of the Joslyn Manufacturing and Supply Company, a Chicago, Illinois electrical supply firm. 
Early life.
Marcellus Linsey Joslyn was born in Woodstock, Illinois the youngest of the two sons, David Robinson Joslyn (1866–1937) and Marcellus L. Joslyn, of Merritt L. and Mary Robinson Joslyn.
Joslyn Manufacturing & Supply Co., Chicago, Illinois.
In 1894 when Marcellus was a student (1893–1896) at Harvard Law School, he built his own telephone line to his parents' home and then established the Citizens Telephone Co. In 1910, Marcellus opened Joslyn Manufacturing & Supply Co., to manufacture telephone pole line hardware.
In the early 1950s, Joslyn worked with several airframe manufacturers and the Lightning and Transient Research Institute of Minneapolis to address post World War II concerns of lightning and electro-magnetic pulse (EMP) impacts on aircraft HF radios. Over the next several years, he recruited electronics engineers to design and develop product lines. After becoming a supplier of aircraft lightning arresters, the company introduced products for electrical surge and transient protection for power, communications, transportation and industrial process control.
Joslyn's once said of his business philosophy, "Make no trade that is not good for both parties." The Joslyn plan called for labor and management working together and as Joslyn said, "No man amounts to anything by himself and one can only rise by the friendships and loyalties of those around him which can only be secured by thoughtfulness and courtesy and fairness".
Joslyn was president of the company until 1946 when he relinquished that office and became chairman of the board of directors.
Joslyn retired to Santa Monica, California, where he became involved in philanthropic interests.
Marcellus L. Joslyn Foundation.
When Joslyn retired to the Santa Monica area in 1947 he became involved in real estate, lawn bowling, mountain climbing and philanthropic interests. In 1960 he founded the Marcellus L. Joslyn Foundation with major emphasis on Senior Citizen Centers, hospitals, colleges and other deserving groups. The foundation donated several million dollars to senior community centers and lawn bowls clubs in Southern California. Many Southern California bowling clubs carry the Joslyn name. Joslyn was elected to the US Lawn Bowls Hall of Fame.
Family.
Joslyn's mother, Mary Robinson Joslyn spent the last years of her life in Santa Monica where she had (Robinson) relatives.
In 1899, Joslyn married Alice Cecelia Newell, and they had four children (sons Marcellus Newell, George Robinson, Meritt Lindsey and daughter Mary Cecelia Parker). The Joslyns lived in Hinsdale, Illinois. From 1902 to 1936 they spent approximately three months of each year in Southern California. In 1937 Alice Joslyn became bedridden, and from that time till Joslyn retired, the Joslyns spent approximately six months in California to avoid the Illinois winters.
A widely cited alimony legal case involved son George R. Joslyn and his wife, Charlotte C. Joslyn. George declared bankruptcy in 1936 but failed to schedule his interest in two trust estates, in each of which he was named as a beneficiary.

</doc>
<doc id="20765430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765430" title="Plixer International">
Plixer International

Plixer International, Inc. is a provider of NetFlow and sFlow network analysis and network security monitoring tools among other network management software.
Plixer sells and supports products that aid Network Administrators in monitoring, troubleshooting, securing and analyzing the behavior of IT networks. Plixer's most recent focus has been on boosting its network security capabilities including methods such as IP Host reputation identifying Advanced Persistent Threats. It also hosts an expansive online community at systrax.com. In late 2008, Plixer introduced the addition of a multi-author daily blog that discusses various challenges faced by administrators of IT networks, and practical methods of approaching them.
History.
Plixer International was founded in 1999 by Michael Patterson (currently the company's CEO) and Marc Bilodeau (currently the company's CTO). The company was built to create full-featured, easy-to-use network monitoring applications that would cost significantly less than traditional network performance and security monitoring software suites.
In 2006, Plixer International merged with Somix Technologies, Inc. and continued to develop and support its network performance and security monitoring software packages. It also partnered with several resellers around the world to establish a global presence in the network monitoring community.
Plixer International is headquartered in Kennebunk, Maine.
Products and services.
Plixer International's flagship product, Scrutinizer, is made available for download at the company's site, http://www.plixer.com/. The product is offered as a robust free version that can be used both privately and commercially, with several licensing models available for full-featured versions.
Awards.
Plixer International is known for its award-winning software and commitment to providing customers with comprehensive network monitoring solutions. A complete list of awards can be found on the Plixer website.
Media.
Plixer International has written and produced a series of "NetFlow Rap" videos directed at Cisco and NetFlow customers, as well as the IT field in general. They feature a local artist and previous employee of Plixer, Mix Master Mitch. According to Mitch, the goal of the music videos are to entertain and educate at the same time, while promoting awareness of the NetFlow capabilities of Cisco devices. The videos have received thousands of hits on YouTube and have a quickly-growing fan base in the Cisco engineer community. The first video was produced completely independently by Mix Master Mitch, with no budget. Subsequent videos received small production budgets from Plixer as the series grew in popularity.
The Netflow Rap videos in order of release:

</doc>
<doc id="20765459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765459" title="Steve Wilkin">
Steve Wilkin

Steve Wilkin is a British guitarist who took part of the punk and new wave, now member of Vmat2, along Stuart Thorneycroft.
In the early 1970s he formed Wired. In 1976 he founded Masterwitch, a punk band, which released an only single in 1978, called "Action Replay". In September of that year, he joined Neo, fronted by American punk pioneer Ian North, replacing Steve Byrd (of Gillan), but the band split up shortly afterwards. He later played with The Profile, Random Hold, Rikki Sylvan, Nadia Kapiche, Soundtrack, It's Again and The Little Doctors.

</doc>
<doc id="20765463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765463" title="Bolsa de Valores de Mozambique">
Bolsa de Valores de Mozambique

Bolsa de Valores de Mozambique or Maputo Stock Exchange is the first stock exchange in Mozambique. It was opened in 1999, with the support of the Lisbon Stock Exchange and the World Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20765498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765498" title="Dante Silverio">
Dante Silverio

Edmundo "Dante" S. Silverio Sr., better known simply as Dante Silverio, is a Filipino former basketball coach and former champion race car driver.
Motorsports.
Silverio rose to prominence in 1972, when he captured a rare double feat, winning the International Greenhills Grand Prix and, two months later, the Royal Rally of Champions.
Basketball.
Toyota (1973-1979)
Silverio became involved in basketball when he formed the Komatsu Komets/Toyota Comets in 1973 which participated in the MICAA. Along with being its team manager, he became its head coach in 1974 after coach Nilo Verona left the team. Silverio brought the franchise to the Philippine Basketball Association in 1975 as one of its pioneer members. In the PBA, he continued as the team's manager and head coach until 1979, leading the franchise to five championships and six runner-up finishes.
In December 1979, Silverio resigned from the team after management decided to reinstate players Ramon Fernandez, Estoy Estrada and Abe King in Game 2 of the Invitational (3rd) Conference championship finals. Silverio deliberately did not field any of these players in during the conference after claiming that the three deliberately “didn't play their best” in a losing finals stint against Royal Tru Orange in the Open (2nd) Conference. Toyota eventually won the title on December 15, 1979 with assistant coach Fort Acuña taking over, beating arch-rival Crispa in four games.
Shell (1988-1989)
He returned to the PBA in 1988-1989 as head coach of Shell. He piloted the franchise to runner-up finishes in the 1988 PBA Reinforced Conference and 1989 PBA Open Conference.
PBA All-Star Games (1975, 1989)
During the PBA's inaugural season, Silverio coached in the pioneering version of the PBA All-Star Games on December 23, 1975, called the PBA Ovaltine Dream Games. Silverio's Ovaltine Yellow squad lost to the Ovaltine Brown team coached by Baby Dalupan, 126-123 in the third and deciding match.
In 1989, Silverio coached the Rookie-Sophomores-Juniors All-Stars during the 1989 PBA All-Star Weekend, losing to the Veteran All-Stars coached by Baby Dalupan, 132-130.
Crispa-Toyota Reunion Game (2003)
In 2003, Silverio participated in the Crispa-Toyota reunion game during the 2003 PBA All-Star Weekend, coaching the Toyota team to a 65-61 victory.
Philippine Men's Basketball Team (1973)
Silverio was the team manager of the Philippines men's national basketball team which captured the 1973 FIBA Asia Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20765532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765532" title="Mean Guitar">
Mean Guitar

Mean Guitar is the second album for "Mean" Gene Kelton and the Die Hards. It was released in 2003 by JamBone Records. It contains 15 songs that are "hotter than a welder's arc, fusing together Chuck Berry/Johnny Winter/Albert Collins and Delta Blues influences into one molten melting pot of scorching blues rock and smoldering Percy Sledge-style ballads."
Track listing.
All Tracks by Mean Gene Kelton

</doc>
<doc id="20765553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765553" title="Lasimorpha">
Lasimorpha

Lasimorpha is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that makes up the genus is Lasimorpha senegalensis. This species is endemic to Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20765561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765561" title="Wild 90">
Wild 90

Wild 90 is a 1968 experimental film directed and produced by U.S. novelist Norman Mailer, who also plays the starring role.
Plot.
A trio of Mafia gangsters – The Prince (Norman Mailer), Cameo (Buzz Farbar) and Twenty Years (Mickey Knox)—are hiding in a warehouse. They have surrounded themselves with guns and liquor, and they kill time by joking and bickering with scatological language. But as their isolation from the world progresses, their drinking and arguing intensifies. They are briefly visited by a man with a barking dog—the canine is silenced when The Prince outbarks him—and by two women, one of whom gives The Prince a knife for committing suicide. The police arrive at the warehouse and the gangsters are taken away.
Production.
"Wild 90" was the first attempt by Norman Mailer to create a motion picture. The concept for the film came when Mailer and several actors who were appearing in an Off-Broadway adaptation of his novel "The Deer Park" engaged in an acting game where they pretended they were gangsters. The title "Wild 90" is a reference to alleged Mafia slang term for being in deep trouble.
Mailer spent $1,500 of his own money to finance "Wild 90". D.A. Pennebaker, the documentary filmmaker, was the cinematographer and shot the film in black-and-white 16mm. The production took place over four consecutive nights and the entire film was improvised by Mailer and his cast. The resulting dialogue was unusually heavy with profanities and Mailer later claimed that "Wild 90" "has the most repetitive, pervasive obscenity of any film ever made."
The Puerto Rico-born boxer José Torres appeared as the man with the barking dog and Beverley Bentley (Mailer’s wife) played the woman with the knife. Mailer did not allow any retakes during the shoot.
Mailer wound up with 150 minutes of film, which was edited down to 90 minutes. Due to a technical glitch during the production, roughly 25 percent of the film’s soundtrack came out muffled. Mailer refused to redub the problem patches on the soundtrack and later joked the film “sounds like everybody is talking through a jockstrap.”
Release.
Pennebaker tried to convince Mailer not to put "Wild 90" into theatrical release because of the problematic nature of its soundtrack. Mailer disregarded that suggestion and went forward by self-distributing the film. He also promoted the film extensively, which included writing a self-congratulatory essay on the film that appeared in Esquire magazine.
Reviews for "Wild 90" were overwhelmingly negative. Renata Adler, writing in "The New York Times", opined: “It relies also upon the indulgence of an audience that must be among the most fond, forgiving, ultimately patronizing and destructive of our time.” Robert Hatch, reviewing the film for "The Nation", stated that the film was “rambling, repetitious...incoherent and inept.” Stanley Kauffmann, writing in "The New Republic", said that “I cannot say that Mailer was drunk the whole time he was on camera. I can only hope he was drunk.”
Mailer responded to the bad reviews by including them in the original theatrical poster. "Wild 90" was a commercial failure, but Mailer followed up the production with two additional improvised experimental films, "Beyond the Law" (1968) and "Maidstone" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="20765593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765593" title="Turnbridge Lift Bridge">
Turnbridge Lift Bridge

The Turnbridge Lift Bridge (also colloquially known as a Locomotive lift bridge) is a lift bridge which spans the Huddersfield Broad Canal at Turnbridge, Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. Officially known as Turnbridge, it is bridge number 17 on the Huddersfield Broad Canal.
Located at Quay Street, off St Andrews road (approx 300 Yards from the town centre), it opened in 1865 and replaced an earlier swing bridge. A combination of wheels, chains and counter-weights were used to lift the deck of the bridge out of the way of passing canal barges.
Previously windlass operated, it was refurbished in 2002 and is now electrically powered.

</doc>
<doc id="20765607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765607" title="Love Zone">
Love Zone

Love Zone is the sixth album recorded by R&B singer Billy Ocean. The album includes the hit singles "Love Zone" and "There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry)", as well as "When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going", which had originally been featured on the soundtrack to the 1985 film "The Jewel of the Nile".
Expanded Edition (released July 2011).
Bonus Tracks
10. Love Zone (Extended Version)
11. Bittersweet (Extended Version)
12. When The Going Gets Tough (Club Mix)
13. There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry) (7" Version)

</doc>
<doc id="20765620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765620" title="David Laird Dungan">
David Laird Dungan

David Laird Dungan (10 May 1936 – 30 November 2008) was Distinguished Professor of the Humanities and Emeritus Professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and a major scholar of the synoptic problem. As a founding member of the International Institute for the Renewal of Gospel Studies and a member of the Research Team of the International Institute for Gospel Studies, he was a proponent of the Two-Gospel Hypothesis, also known as the Griesbach hypothesis, which argues that the Gospel of Mark is derived from the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke, thereby arguing against both Markan priority and the necessity of the conjectural Q document proposed in the Two-Source Hypothesis. He authored numerous articles and books on the subject, including "A History of the Synoptic Problem" (Yale University Press, 1999).
The son of Presbyterian missionaries, Dungan was born in New Haven, Connecticut, and grew up in Shanghai, China (until 1940), and in Berea, Kentucky, where he graduated high school in 1953. He earned degrees from The College of Wooster (B.A. 1957), McCormick Seminary in Chicago (B.D. 1963), and Harvard Divinity School (Th.D. 1968). 
From 1967 to 2002, he was a faculty member in the Department of Religious Studies at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, teaching courses in Biblical literature, Church history, and images of Jesus. His teaching was interdisciplinary, with courses linking religion to the environmental crisis, and an innovative course in the 1980s on religious legacies of the Vietnam War, in which local veterans served as guest lecturers, sharing their experiences with students. His teaching was inquiry based; according to one colleague, it was designed "to put students in the presence of what is primitive and, far more, pristine about biblical texts," to put students "in the grip of serious uneasiness" with their prior assumptions, and to challenge them to work through dilemmas of faith and scholarship for themselves.
His scholarship and teaching were recognized internationally. In 1976-77 and again in 2006, he taught at the invitation of the Pontifical Biblical Institute in Rome. "Documents for the Study of the Gospels", which he began co-editing in the 1970s with David R. Cartlidge, is used by scholars and students worldwide. And from 1990 to 1998, he co-edited the "International Bible Commentary: a Catholic and Ecumenical Commentary for the 21st Century," comprising biblical scholars from diverse Christian traditions from North and South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia.
At the time of his death, he was working on a multimedia book project entitled "Images of Jesus in America". Colleagues have assembled a volume of essays in his honor, which includes an introductory set of essays on his life of teaching and scholarship. The University of Tennessee, Knoxville, has established the David L. Dungan Memorial Lecture Fund to support an annual lecture by a noted scholar on an issue that motivated Dungan's work.
Publications by David Laird Dungan.
Books Authored
Books Edited
Articles and Essays Authored

</doc>
<doc id="20765695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765695" title="Manny Paner">
Manny Paner

Manuel Paner (born May 17, 1949), better known as Manny Paner, is a former Filipino professional basketball player. Paner was born in Cebu City, Cebu, Philippines. He played for San Miguel in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association and also in the Philippine Basketball Association for Royal/San Miguel, Great Taste, and CDCP. In 1972, Paner appeared at the Olympic Games in Munich, Germany as a member of the country's national basketball team. During his prime, he was known for his strong rebounding, defense and deadly hook shot. At a mere 6'2", he would play center and sometimes defend the opposing team's American imports. In 2000, Paner was named a member of the PBA's 25 Greatest Players.
His daughter Danita is an actress and adopted daughter Kristina was a singer now residing in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20765731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765731" title="Fazlul Karim">
Fazlul Karim

Fazlul Karim may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20765739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765739" title="PureVia">
PureVia

PureVia is a stevia-based low calorie sugar substitute developed jointly by Pepsico and Whole Earth Sweetener Company which is a wholly owned subsidiary of artificial sweetener manufacturing company Merisant.
It is currently distributed and marketed by Whole Earth Sweetener Company as a tabletop sweetener and as a food ingredient. PureVia competes against Coca-Cola and Cargill's jointly developed Truvia brand of stevia-extract sweetener and Cumberland Packing Corporation's 'Stevia in the Raw' stevia-extract sweetener.
Ingredients and Safety.
PureVia is a blend of several different ingredients. It contains dextrose, cellulose powder, natural flavors as well as the stevia extract rebaudioside A.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) determined in December 2008 that rebaudioside A is safe for inclusion as a food additive. 
However, there has not been a substantial amount of an independent scientific research done on the safety of rebaudioside A that was not funded by the companies that produce and distribute products that include them.
Food ingredient.
PureVia is used as a sweetener in SoBe Lifewater which is manufactured by PepsiCo. It is also used in Trop50 and Gatorade G2.

</doc>
<doc id="20765785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765785" title="Kansas/St. Joseph Storm">
Kansas/St. Joseph Storm

The Kansas Storm played in the American Professional Football League in 2005. The Storm was founded by Chad and Jessica Jagerson. The Storm were originally going to play in the Midwest Indoor Football League but the league never kicked off. Storm Officials met with the APFL and thus an agreement was made for the Storm to play in the APFL as a travel team for the 2005 season and then move to an arena for the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20765787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765787" title="Ramon Vila Capdevila">
Ramon Vila Capdevila

Ramon Vila Capdevila (, 2 April 1908 - 7 August 1963), sometimes known by various nicknames, including Caraquemada (Spanish: "burnt-face"), was a Catalan anarchist, member of the "Confederación Nacional del Trabajo" (Spanish: National Confederation of Labor), and guerrilla fighter.
Early life.
Vila was born in 1908 in a small village called Peguera in the "comarca" (roughly translated as "county") of Berguedà, Catalonia. When he was very young, Vila was nearly struck by lightning, which gave him the facial scars which earned him the nickname "Caraquemada". The lightning strike killed his mother, who was hiding with him from a storm.
In 1932, after participating in a workers' insurrection, Vila was imprisoned in Manresa and held for a few years. In the period between his release and the start of the Spanish Civil War in 1936, Vila moved around constantly for fear of harassment by the "Special Branch". In April 1936, while Vila was in Castelló de la Plana, he was approached by two officers. Vila and his cousin Ramon Rives fired at the officers, but Rives was shot in the ensuing gun battle, as well as the two officers. One of the officers died as a result of his wounds. Vila fled the scene, and later turned himself in to the "Guardia Civil", hoping for better treatment than he would receive from the "Special Branch".
On 18 July, 1936, after the Nationalist uprising, the prisons were opened in an effort to gain fighters to put down the uprising. Vila was released, joined the fighting, and was later made a commandant in the Carabinero Corps. Vila also held the post of Supplies Delegate at the factory he worked at in Fígols.
Post-civil war.
Following the Nationalist victory over the Second Spanish Republic in 1939, Vila crossed the French border, to be interned at the concentration camp in Argelès-sur-Mer. However, the following year, Vila escaped, and returned to Spain. At this point, Vila formed a clandestine resistance group. Not long after, Vila returned to Vichy France to acquire supplies, and was arrested by Germans, who were by this point occupying France. Vila was imprisoned in Perpignan, but was only there a short time before the Germans sent him to work a bauxite mine. He was soon able to join the French Resistance, and put his experience with explosives to use in sabotage operations. The battalion that Vila was a member of was incorporated in to the Free French 2nd Armored Division, led by General Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque.
Following the end of World War II, Vila primarily operated in the Catalonian areas of Alt Llobregat and Baix Llobregat. As his last act of resistance before his death, Vila destroyed transmission towers on 2 August 1963 near Manresa.
Death.
Vila was killed on 7 August 1963 after being shot in the heart by "Guardia Civil" officers near a castle in Balsareny. When hailed by the three officers Vila fired at them, without killing any of the three. The official press release announcing his death referred to Vila as a "bandit".
Vila was buried in Fígols. On 15 July, 2000, a plaque was placed at the burial site of Vila which reads

</doc>
<doc id="20765789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765789" title="Competition model">
Competition model

The Competition Model is a psycholinguistic theory of language acquisition and sentence processing developed by Elizabeth Bates and Brian MacWhinney. The Competition Model posits that the meaning of language is interpreted by comparing a number of linguistic cues within a sentence, and that language is learned through the competition of basic cognitive mechanisms in the presence of a rich linguistic environment. It is an emergentist theory of language acquisition and processing, serving as an alternative to strict nativist and empiricist theories. According to the Competition Model, competitive cognitive processes operate on a phylogenetic scale, an ontogenetic scale, and a synchronic scale, allowing language acquisition to take place across a wide variety of chronological periods.
Theoretical components.
Sentence processing.
In its original instantiation, the Competition Model was proposed as a theory of cross-linguistic sentence processing. The Competition Model posits that people interpret the meaning of a sentence by taking into account various linguistic cues contained in the sentence context, such as word order, morphology, and semantic characteristics (e.g., animacy), to compute a probabilistic value for each interpretation, choosing the interpretation with the highest likelihood. According to the model, cue weights are learned inductively on the basis of a constrained set of sentence types and limited predictions of sentence meaning for each language. Because different languages use different cues to signal meanings, the Competition Model maintains that cue weights will differ between languages, and users of a given language will use the cue weights associated with that language to guide their interpretation of sentences. Thus, when people learn multiple languages, they must learn which cues are important in which languages in order to successfully interpret sentences in any one language.
Language acquisition.
More recently, the Competition Model has been developed into a unified theory of first and second language acquisition. Its scope has been expanded to account for a number of psycholinguistic processes involved in language acquisition, including arenas, cues, storage, chunking, codes, and resonance. The expanded version of the Competition Model posits that each of these cognitive mechanisms controls the activation of representations in the target language (and, in the case of second language learners, the native language) that compete in the mind of the learner during acquisition and usage of the language. As in the original version of the model, the weights of the competing representations are computed and adjusted on the fly based on the learner's experience with the target language. Thus, the model infers that as the extensiveness of learners' exposure to the target language increases, they will gain an increasingly complete and nuanced understanding of the meaning of sentences in the target language.
Emergentism.
By definition, the Competition Model is an emergentist theory of language acquisition. Rather than viewing language acquisition as a process that is based on innate, language-specific mechanisms (e.g., Chomsky's concepts of the language acquisition device and universal grammar) or as completely dependent upon one's experience with language or the influence of the environment, the Competition Model views language acquisition as a process consisting of a series of competitive cognitive processes that act upon an analog signal - language. By applying general cognitive processes to the language stimulus in the presence of a rich and stimulating environment, we are able to connect intrinsically meaningless symbols (words and sentences) to their referents, allowing us to infer meaning. Thus, in addition to relying on traditional mechanisms of human information processing, the Competition Model posits that language acquisition must be embodied and situated in order for learners to derive meaning from language.
Chronological scales.
Synchronic relevance.
On the synchronic time scale of online language processing, the Competition Model hypothesizes that utterances provide cues that adjudicate the competition between alternative interpretations. It views language processing as a series of competitions between lexical items, phonological forms, and syntactic patterns. Studies based on the Competition Model have shown that learning of language forms relies on the accurate recording of many exposures to words and patterns in different contexts. If a pattern is reliably present in adult language input, children acquire it quickly. Rare and unreliable language patterns are learned late and are relatively weaker, even in adults.
Ontogenetic relevance.
On the ontogenetic time scale, the Competition Model posits that language emergence can be examined in at least two ways. One methodology uses neural network models to simulate the acquisition of detailed grammatical structures. Competition Model researchers have constructed connectionist models for the acquisition of morphology, syntax, and lexicon in several languages, including English, German, and Hungarian. More recently, the ontogenetic emergence of language has been examined from a biological viewpoint, using data on language processing from children with early focal lesions. The results of studies of these children using reaction time methodologies and neuropsychological tests indicate that, although they have completely normal functional use of language, detailed aspects of processing are slower in some cases. Using functional magnetic resonance imaging technology, areas of neurological activation involved in specific linguistic tasks have been pinpointed in these children. These results have allowed researchers to evaluate a series of hypotheses regarding sensitive periods for the emergence of language in the brain.
Phylogenetic relevance.
On the phylogenetic time scale, researchers working within the framework of the Competition Model have begun to examine the ways in which language originally emerged through competitive Darwinian processes. Research on cognitive perspective taking, competition, and brain mechanisms suggests that the most likely account of the origin of language is one grounded on language as a medium of social interaction. In this sense, the elaboration of an emergent account of perspective taking suggests a Vygotskyan approach to language evolution.
Applications.
Perspective taking.
Recently, the communicative functions of language postulated by the Competition Model have been related to the process of perspective taking. This process allows the human mind to construct an ongoing cognitive simulation of the meaning of an utterance coded in linguistic abstractions through the use of perceptual realities derived from one's embodied experience. The perspective taking approach views the forms of grammar as emerging from repeated acts of perspective taking and perspective switching during online language comprehension. Grammatical devices such as pronouns, case, voice, and attachment can all be seen as ways of expressing shifts in a basically ego-centered perspective. One major goal in this line of research is to better understand the brain mechanisms underlying perspective shifting during language comprehension.
Second language acquisition.
In addition to accounting for the acquisition of a first language by children, the Competition Model accounts for the learning of second languages. In its conceptualization, the model's creators used linguistic data from 18 different languages to elaborate the parameters and mechanisms of the model. Empirical studies conducted within the Competition Model framework have supported the predictions of a connectionist perspective, emphasizing the role of transfer and interference in second language learning. Although it remains unclear which declines in brain plasticity lead to a loss in language learning ability over time, the Competition Model posits that language learning is possible in adulthood due to the activation of underlying compensatory processes such as the phonological loop and motivational supports.

</doc>
<doc id="20765790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765790" title="Isasumi Shrine">
Isasumi Shrine

Though not backed by accurate historical records, some believe the place name Aizumisato derives from this shrine. The shrine is also the locale for the annual "taue-shinji", or rice planting, Shinto ritual. This ritual has been performed in this shrine for centuries, and the Fukushima Prefecture has designated the shrine an Important Intangible Folk Cultural Property. Currently, the festival of the rice planting is known as the Otaue Festival. The festival falls on July 11 or 12 annually. The rice planting ceremony, held during the daytime, is considered as important and reverential as the Asataue, or morning planting, ceremony of the Ise Grand Shrine and the Yutaue (evening planting) held at the Atsuta Shrine. The rice planting ceremony at the Isasumi Shrine is widely regarded as one of the highlights of the Shinto rituals. 

</doc>
<doc id="20765803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765803" title="2010 AFC Cup">
2010 AFC Cup

The 2010 AFC Cup was the 7th edition of the AFC Cup, playing between clubs from nations who are members of the Asian Football Confederation.
With the Asian Football Confederation currently reviewing the format of the AFC Champions League between 2009 and 2010 season, significant changes were made in the way the competition is run, the teams that will qualify for the AFC Cup is also expected to be from different countries compared to the previous editions.
Qualification.
The preliminary qualification scheme for the AFC 2010 was released in 2008. A total of 33 clubs were due to participate in the 2010 AFC Cup (eventually reduced to 31).
The teams were from the following associations:
Qualifying teams.
The following is the list of participants confirmed by the AFC.
1 Al-Kuwait failed to fulfil the criteria set by AFC to compete in the 2010 AFC Champions League, and so directly enter the 2010 AFC Cup.
2 Nasaf Qarshi were due to host Al-Rayyan in the qualifying play-off, with the winner advancing to the group stage (Group E). However, both teams advanced automatically to the group stage after the two teams from Iraq, Arbil (Group C) and Najaf (Group B), were disqualified after FIFA's suspension on the Iraq Football Association was not lifted on 6 January 2010. As a result, the tournament was reduced to 31 teams.
3 Negeri Sembilan FA (second representative of Malaysia) withdrew, and was replaced by Persiwa Wamena.
TH Title holders
Schedule.
The 2010 AFC Cup will have the same format as the 2009 AFC Cup.
Group stage.
The draw for the group stage was held on December 7, 2009 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The ACL play-off losers were placed in their groups on February 8, 2010.
Each club plays double round-robin (home and away) against fellow three group members, a total of 6 matches each. Clubs receive 3 points for a win, 1 point for a tie, 0 points for a loss. The clubs are ranked according to points and tie breakers are in following order: 
Winners and runners-up of each group will qualify for the next round.
Knockout stage.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on May 11 and 12, 2010.
Quarter-finals.
The draw for the remaining rounds was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on May 25, 2010. Because of the country protection rule, if there are two clubs from the same country, they will not face each other in the quarter-finals. Therefore, the two clubs from Syria, Kuwait, and Thailand may not be drawn with each other in the quarter-finals.
The first legs were played on September 14 and 15, and the second legs were played on September 21 and 22, 2010.
Semi-finals.
The first legs were played on October 5, and the second legs were played on October 19, 2010.
Final.
The final will be played on November 6, 2010. It is a one-leg match originally set to be played at the host stadium of one of the finalists, but was changed to a larger capacity stadium one week before the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20765838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765838" title="Wildwood (Amtrak station)">
Wildwood (Amtrak station)

Wildwood is a former Amtrak station in Wildwood, Florida. The station is located on 601 North Main Street (US 301) in Wildwood, Florida. Along with the northern terminus of Florida's Turnpike, the station gave Wildwood a reason to refer to itself as "The Crossroads of Florida."
The station was built in 1947 by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad, and is located on what is today CSX's S-Line, which runs along the west side of the building. This segment of the S-Line is officially named the Wildwood Subdivision. The station served SAL's "Silver Star" to Tampa, St. Petersburg, and Miami, among other trains. It is also the western terminus of an inactive spur that once ran to cities such as Leesburg and Tavares. This spur is now owned by the Florida Midland Railroad, and only runs as far east as Orange Home along County Road 44A, where it served as home for some abandoned freight cars until the first deecade of the 21st Century.
The "Silver Star" was transferred to Amtrak in 1971, along with most passenger service in the United States. The "Palmetto" was rerouted to the CSX S-Line in 1979, until it was truncated to Savannah, Georgia on November 1, 2004, prompting Amtrak to revive Silver Star service to Tampa along the same line shared by the current "Silver Meteor", and part of the suspended "Sunset Limited". Today, the station operates as a CSX maintenance yard, and by Amtrak's Thruway Motorcoach bus service between Jacksonville and Lakeland.

</doc>
<doc id="20765851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765851" title="Ronnie Magsanoc">
Ronnie Magsanoc

Ronald "Ronnie" Magsanoc (born April 11, 1966) is a former Filipino professional basketball point guard. He was the former assistant coach of the Purefoods Tender Juicy Giants and a color commentator for the television coverage of the Philippine Basketball Association. He is now an assistant coach of the Meralco Bolts and was the head coach of the San Beda Red Lions before being replaced by Boyet Fernandez. He is now serving as a consultant for the Ateneo Blue Eagles.
Magsanoc played collegiate ball with Benjie Paras and Eric Altamirano for the University of the Philippines, where he won a championship in 1986, before moving on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association. During his stint in the PBA, Al Mendoza christened him as The Point Laureate. He joined the league in 1988 and became the lead point guard of the Shell team that not only had 1989 MVP winner Benjie Paras but also perennial best import winner Bobby Parks. He was also a member of the 1990 Philippine National Team which finished with a silver medal. He also played for Sta. Lucia (after being traded for Gerry Esplana) and Purefoods. In 2000, Magsanoc was named a member of the PBA's 25 Greatest Players. In 2013, Magsanoc was voted to be part of PBA's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20765852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765852" title="Kaghani">
Kaghani

The Kaghani goat breed from the valley of the Hazara district of Pakistan is used for the production of cashmere fiber and meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20765855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765855" title="Arvid Nelson">
Arvid Nelson

Arvid Nelson is an American comic book writer, best known for "Rex Mundi".
Life and career.
Nelson started writing comics while at Dartmouth College, where he also converted to the Baha'i Faith. After graduating in 1999 he became a production assistant on a Woody Allen film, but it was while working on a documentary about "The Paris Review" that he visited Paris and started picking up influences that would lead to his creating "Rex Mundi". It was planned as a 38 issue series and ends with issue #19. He has also created spin-off stories, like "Hill of Martyrs" which started in "Rex Mundi" #14 and continued online.
Nelson has also worked at Marvel and DC. For the former he wrote a Nightcrawler story in "X-Men Unlimited". At DC he wrote a Mr Terrific story in "JSA Classified" and the first one-shot of the "The Joker's Asylum" series. 
One major literary influence is Robert E. Howard and Nelson has worked on a "Kull" limited series at Dark Horse and in May 2009 it was announced that he would be writing "Thulsa Doom" for Dynamite Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20765857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765857" title="Leptocleididae">
Leptocleididae

Leptocleididae is a family of small-sized plesiosaurs that lived during the Early Cretaceous period (early Berriasian to early Albian stage). "Leptocleidus" and "Umoonasaurus" had round bodies and triangle shaped heads. Hilary F. Ketchum and Roger B. J. Benson (2010), transferred "Brancasaurus", "Kaiwhekea", "Nichollssaura" and "Thililua" to this family. However, Ketchum and Benson (2011) reassigned "Kaiwhekea" and "Thililua" to their original positions, as an elasmosaurid and a polycotylid, respectively.
Phylogeny.
Cladogram based on Ketchum and Benson (2010):
Cladogram based on Ketchum and Benson (2011):

</doc>
<doc id="20765874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765874" title="Lasioideae">
Lasioideae

Lasioideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It contain 10 genera: "Anaphyllopsis", "Anaphyllum", "Cyrtosperma", "Dracontioides", "Dracontium", "Lasia", "Lasimorpha", "Podolasia", "Pycnospatha", and "Urospatha".

</doc>
<doc id="20765893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765893" title="Samantha Terán">
Samantha Terán

Samantha Terán Quintanilla (born May 6, 1981 in Mexico City) is a professional female squash player who represents Mexico. Teran first joined the WISPA Tour in 2000, and she entered the world top twenty for the first time in 2008 as she won the eighth and ninth Tour titles of her career. These followed two in 2007, the Gannon Open and Toronto Open, in both events beating American Latasha Khan in the final.
In early 2008 it was Khan who was despatched in the finals of the Liberty Bell and Windy City Opens in the United States. The Mexican did it again in May to win the Subway Goshen Open, but this time Khan was beaten in the semis. Teran then captured another two title at the end of June at Los Angeles Open, and at the Harrow Mexican Open, an event she had developed herself.
Added to her twelve Tour titles are a gold medal in the Pan American Games and four golds in the Central American and Caribbean Games. Teran reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 15 in February 2009. 
In 2011 Samantha reached the semi-finals of the 2011 World Open, becoming the first Mexican to have done so.

</doc>
<doc id="20765894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765894" title="The Milltillionaire">
The Milltillionaire

The Milltillionaire, or Age of Bardization is a work of utopian fiction written by Albert Waldo Howard, and published under the pseudonym "M. Auberré Hovorré." The book was one element in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the final decades of the nineteenth century.
Date.
The first edition of the book, published in Boston, was undated. It is generally assigned to c. 1895; a second, slightly revised edition was also undated, but likely appeared c. 1898.
Genre.
Writers of speculative fiction in the later 1800s (as at other times) varied in the approaches they took toward the nearer and farther future. Some novels took a short-term look ahead in time, from 25 years, as in Peck's "The World a Department Store", to a century or more (Brooks's "Earth Revisited", or Bellamy's "Looking Backward"). Others took a longer look ahead, of even thousands of years (as with Macnie's "The Diothas"). Howard similarly took a long though indefinite prospective view, setting his utopia at an unspecified time in the distant future.
Howard's book, like other utopian works that speculate on future technologies, encompasses some elements of science fiction. In his future, space travel has been achieved, and Jupiter explored; its natives are humanoid, large, and naked.
Howard's future.
Howard's future society is called the Bardic State. It is ruled by 26 bards called the Alphabets, half men and half women. Their leader is the Bard Regent, who appoints other officials; there is also the "Positive Poet," the "true poet," who is "the Milltillionaire." (Howard never fully defines or clarifies these titles and distinctions, though the Milltillionaire is "a being of such colossal and illimitable wealth and power, one might say he was a very god...") A powerful state apparatus supplies the needs of the people, who labor in return for "Universal Welfare," without money, crime, taxes, or personal property. Citizens have serial numbers.
The people live in twenty enormous circular cities, which have radii of a hundred miles; there are triple-decker highways and monorails. The capital, "Bardo-Cito-Uno" (which was Boston), has fully a quadrillion inhabitants. The countryside beyond these megalopolises is kept verdant and park-like. College education is universal, and is followed by a three-year vacation, then graduate school. The people are vegetarians (Howard even provides an illustrative menu); they practice free love. They dress simply; since they don't carry money, their outfits have only a single pocket, for their handkerchiefs. They communicate telepathically (as, indeed, do the Jupiterians). Hypnotism has been replaced by knowledge of the "psycho-omni-magnetic force."
Electricity has largely been replaced by magnetism (in some indefinite way), though electric vehicles are used along with bicycles. The power system exploits the "calorico-electrico-ether." Aircraft travel at 10,000 miles per hour. The weather is controlled.
Mega-cities.
The idea of the gigantic city was in the air at the time Howard wrote. In 1894, the year before Howard issued his first edition of "The Milltillionaire", King Gillette had published his first utopian work, "The Human Drift". In that book, Gillette proposed an enormous metropolis near Niagara Falls for tens of millions of residents, surrounded by a preserved natural environment.
Assessment.
"The Milltillionaire" has been called "A very unusual work. The author succeeds, as very few others have, of conveying the notion of the immensity of the future and the mind-boggling rise in technology. Yet the book is not completely rational. It is as eccentric as can be, but very interesting ideas are buried amidst the disorganization."

</doc>
<doc id="20765896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765896" title="Huna">
Huna

Huna may refer to:
See also.
Hun (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="20765905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765905" title="Sun Xiaodi">
Sun Xiaodi

Sun Xiaodi has spent more than a decade petitioning the central Chinese authorities over radioactive contamination from the No. 792 Uranium Mine in the Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Gansu Province. In 2006, he received the prestigious Nuclear-Free Future Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20765916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765916" title="Eric Altamirano">
Eric Altamirano

Frederick "Eric" Altamirano (born August 8, 1966) is a former Filipino basketball player. He is currently the head coach of the National University Bulldogs.
Playing career.
Varsity.
Eric Altamirano went to San Beda College for his high school education. He was a member of the Red Cubs, the school's varsity basketball team and was one of the players who were instrumental in giving the school a string of championships. Altamirano played college ball for the University of the Philippines in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines, where his team won the championship in 1986. He was named the Most Valuable Player that same year.
Professional.
Altamirano would later play in the Philippine Basketball Association for Alaska, Pepsi, and Shell.
He is presently the Program Director for the National Basketball Training Center, grassroots program for Philippine Basketball
Coaching career.
Collegiate coach.
Altamirano ventured into coaching after retiring from playing. His first try was in 1996 when he led the University of the Philippines to a Final Four finish. He is currently the head coach of the National University Bulldogs. 
Pro League coach.
Altamirano won two championships in the PBA. Before leading Purefods to a PBA title in 1997, he was Chot Reyes' assistant coach at Purefoods in 1995 until 1996. After leading the Cowboys in the All-Filipino Conference, he moved to the Mobiline Phone Pals and gave them a championship, the 1998 PBA Centennial Cup. He returned to Purefoods and gave them a string of decent finishes. He left Purefoods, after being selected by Jong Uichico as the RP men's basketball team assistant coach. After 2 years of not coaching a PBA team, he coached the Coca-Cola Tigers during the 2005 PBA Fiesta Conference. Eventually, he was reassigned and appointed as the Project Director for the San Miguel All Stars.
National team coach.
He was the head coach of the Nokia Pilipinas Under 18 Mens basketball team. Handled of the Nokia Pilipinas Men's National under-16 national basketball team of the Philippines, that placed 4th in the Fiba Asia U 16 Mens Tournament in Johor Bahru in November 2009., and Project Director of the National Basketball Training Center of the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas, the country's national basketball federation. Created Coach E Basketball School
Personal life.
He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20765938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765938" title="Chad Myers">
Chad Myers

Chad Everett Myers is an American meteorologist and the severe weather expert for CNN. Myers earned a bachelor's degree in Meteorology from the University of Nebraska.
Myers, a native of Buffalo, New York, joined CNN in October 1999, moving up from working as the Morning Meteorologist at WXYZ-TV in Detroit. He has received Peabody Awards for contributing to the Gulf War coverage, and for scientific explanations of the BP oil spill and its subsequent capping in the Gulf of Mexico. He recently covered the 2011 Japan tsunami and the nuclear meltdown of the Fukushima Daiichi reactors.
He was spoofed on Late Night with David Letterman after climbing into a mock-up of the Chilean miners' rescue capsule. The producers of the show shot him into the sun after showing him climbing into the mock-up. 
His coverage of Hurricane Irene drew compliments from as far away as the Middle East. As most networks focused on New York City, Myers continually addressed the potential of devastating flooding inland from the eye's landfall. Piers Morgan, as well as Wolf Blitzer, called him the best in the business for covering severe weather.

</doc>
<doc id="20765942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765942" title="Li Shigu">
Li Shigu

Li Shigu (李師古) (778 – July 19, 806) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who, as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), ruled the circuit in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial regime.
Background.
Li Shigu was born in 778, during the reign of Emperor Daizong. His father Li Na was the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Pinglu Circuit who ruled the circuit "de facto" independently from the imperial regime. He had one younger half-brother, Li Shidao. During Li Na's term as military governor, Li Shigu served as the prefect of Qing Prefecture (青州, in modern Weifang, Shandong), a position that Li Na himself had served while Li Shigu's grandfather Li Zhengji was military governor.
As Jiedushi.
In 792, Li Na died, and the soldiers supported Li Shigu to succeed him. Later in the year, Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, then emperor, approved and made Li Shigu the new military governor. Meanwhile, Wang Wujun, the military governor of neighboring Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), taking Li Shigu lightly due to his youth, sent forces to De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) Prefectures — preparing to attack two forts that Li Na had built, Geduo and Sancha (三汊). Li Shigu sent the officer Zhao Gao (趙鎬) to defend against Wang's attack. Emperor Dezong then sent eunuchs to intervene; Wang then withdrew. Subsequently, by order of Emperor Dezong, Li Shigu tore down Sancha's walls, but thereafter often encouraged people who had offended the imperial government to join him. Meanwhile, whenever he sent staff members out for tasks, he would detain their wives and children; if any would turn against him and submit to the imperial government, he would slaughter their families, and therefore his subjects did not dare to do so. In 800, Emperor Dezong gave him the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
In 805, after Emperor Dezong's death, the imperial messengers delivering the news did not reach the circuits quickly. Meanwhile, however, Li Yuansu (李元素) the military governor of Yicheng Circuit (義成, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan), had received a copy of Emperor Dezong's will. As he wanted to show that he did not consider Li Shigu an enemy, he secretly delivered the copy of the emperor's will to Li Shigu. Li Shigu, however, wanted to use this as an excuse to expand, and therefore declared that Li Yuansu had falsely spread rumors of the emperor's death, and prepared to attack Yicheng. However, Han Hong the military governor of another neighboring circuit, Xuanwu (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), sent stern words to Li Shigu and prepared to aid Li Yuansu. When Li Shigu subsequently received actual news of Emperor Dezong's death and succession by Emperor Dezong's son Emperor Shunzong, he was forced to withdraw back to his circuit. Emperor Shunzong subsequently sent messengers to mediate between the two circuits. Later in the year, Emperor Shunzong bestowed a greater honorary chancellor title, acting "Shizhong" (侍中), on Li Shigu. In 806, by which time Emperor Shunzong, seriously ill, had died and been succeeded by his son Emperor Xianzong, Li Shigu was given the honorary title of "Shizhong".
Meanwhile, during Li Shigu's term as military governor, he had Li Shidao serving as a local official in various locations, and at times, Li Shidao's budget was limited. Li Shigu justified this treatment by stating that he was training Li Shidao to be frugal and understanding of the people's difficulties. When Li Shigu grew ill later in 806, Li Shidao was the prefect of Mi Prefecture (密州, in modern Weifang). Li Shigu asked his staff members Gao Mu (高沐) and Li Gongdu (李公度) whom they planned to support as leader if he died — and when Gao and Li Gongdu did not answer quickly, Li Shigu guessed that they planned to support LI Shidao. Li Shigu tried to dissuade them — stating that while he loved Li Shidao as his brother, Li Shidao was not capable and spent his time on painting and playing "bili" — but did not give them any other person that he approved of. When Li Shigu died thereafter, Gao and Li Gongdu welcomed Li Shidao back to Pinglu's capital Yun Prefecture (鄆州) and supported him to succeed Li Shigu.

</doc>
<doc id="20765952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765952" title="Penquis Valley High School">
Penquis Valley High School

Penquis Valley High School is a four-year coeducational high school located in Milo, Maine. Founded in 1968 (combining Brownville and Milo High Schools), the school serves students from Milo, Atkinson, Brownville, LaGrange, and Medford and Orneville Township. Matt Hackett is the Principal, and Micah Grant is the Assistant Principal. The school is accredited by NEASC.
Athletics.
The school's mascot is a patriot and has uniforms with a blue, red, and white color schemes. Penquis has varsity sports teams in soccer, golf, baseball/softball, track, basketball and cheering. The basketball team has won the Class C state championships twice. Once in March of 2000, with an upset against Boothbay 58-45. And then again in March of 2013, against BoothBay with a score of 61-54.
Teachers.
Nelson Madore, former Mayor of Waterville, Maine and Professor at Thomas College, taught at PVHS from 1967-1969.
External links.
https://sites.google.com/a/msad41.us/penquis-valley/home
http://bangordailynews.com/2013/03/02/sports/tourney-time/isaiah-bess-trevor-lyford-lead-penquis-past-boothbay-for-boys-c-basketball-crown/

</doc>
<doc id="20765953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765953" title="Rohan Prem">
Rohan Prem

Rohan Prem (born 13 September 1986, in Thiruvananthapuram) is an Indian first class cricketer. He was also the captain of the Kerala cricket team in Ranji Trophy, for a while. He is a left-handed middle order batsman. He made his debut against Rajasthan at Jaipur in 2005. He scored three centuries during the 2007-2008 season of Ranji trophy plate league.

</doc>
<doc id="20765964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765964" title="Lumino kinetic art">
Lumino kinetic art

Lumino Kinetic art involves, as the name suggests, light and movement. It is a subset and an art historical term in the context of the more established kinetic art, which in turn is a subset of new media art. The historian of art Frank Popper views the evolution of this type of art as evidence of "aesthetic preoccupations linked with technological advancement" and a starting-point in the context of high-technology art. László Moholy-Nagy (1895-1946), a member of the Bauhaus, and influenced by constructivism can be regarded as one of the fathers of Lumino kinetic art. Light sculpture and moving sculpture are the components of his "Light-Space Modulator" (1922–30), One of the first Light art pieces which also combines kinetic art.
The origins of the term itself are multiple. There was an early cybernetic artist, Nicolas Schöffer, who developed walls of light, prisms, and video circuits under the term in the 50s. Artist/engineer Frank Malina came up with the Lumidyne system of lighting (CITE), and his work "Tableaux mobiles" (moving paintings) is an example of Lumino Kinetic art of that period. Later, artist Nino Calos worked with the term "Limino-kinetic paintings. (CITE). Artist György Kepes was also experimenting with lumino-kinetic works. Ellis D Fogg is also associated with the term as a "lumino kinetic sculptor".
In the 1960s various exhibits involved Lumino Kinetic art, inter alia "Kunst-Licht-Kunst" at the Stedelijk Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven in 1966, and "Lumière et mouvement" at the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris in 1967. 
Lumino Kinetic art was also aligned with Op art in the late 60s because the moving lights were spectacular and psychedelic.
Frank Popper views it as an art historical term in the context of kinetic art; he states that "there is no lumino kinetic art after the early 70s; it stands as a pre-cursor to other contemporary cybernetic, robotic, new media-based arts, and is limited to a very small number of (male) European avant-garde artists (part of the New Tendencies movement)".

</doc>
<doc id="20765971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20765971" title="I Don't Want to Be Your Friend">
I Don't Want to Be Your Friend

"I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" is a pop/R&B song written and composed by Diane Warren. It was recorded by singer Cyndi Lauper for her 1989 album "A Night To Remember". The song was meant to be the second commercial single released in the U.S. from that album, but after the second radio single "A Night to Remember" failed to chart highly, the label scrapped the idea.
Filipino singer Nina recorded the song (see below).
The song was also recorded by Dutch female singer "Do" (Dominique van Hulst) and released as an albumtrack on her 2004 debut album "Do". "Do" is known for her previous recorded version of Bryan Adams' hit "Heaven", which gave her a worldwide hit. The song was released as Heaven by DJ Sammy & Yanou, featuring Do.
Desmond Child version.
From the album Discipline and Under The Covers (1991)
Nina version.
"I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" was covered by Filipino singer Nina as a single from Diane Warren's 2004 love songs compilation, "Diane Warren Presents Love Songs". The song was produced by Neil C. Gregorio, and published by Warner Music Philippines. It was included as a bonus track on Nina's best-selling 2005 album "Nina Live!", and has since been considered as a single from that album. It later appeared on her 2008 album, "Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren". The song talks about a woman who was left and hurt by her past lover. She admits being uncool with what happened to their relationship, expressing that "she doesn't want to be his friend".
Upon release, the song was met with positive reviews, being included by music critics as one of the favorite tracks in Nina's albums. "Titik Pilipino" complimented the simplicity of the song, saying "it's one song where didn't have to shout and be a vocal Chinese acrobat." The song was nominated for Favorite Female Video on the 2005 MTV Pilipinas Music Awards, but lost the award to Rachelle Ann Go's "Love of My Life". On January 15, 2007, the song was released to digital download via iTunes and Amazon.com.
Background and release.
"I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" was initially released by Nina in November 2004 under Warner Music for the promotion of Diane Warren's compilation "Diane Warren Presents Love Songs". The song was released together with her rendition of "The Christmas Song" for the label's "All Star Christmas Collection" album, and became very popular in the Philippines. The song has since been considered as a "Nina Live!" single after it was included in the album's track list.
Critical reception.
The song was well received by critics, becoming one of most favorite Nina hits. It was also often confused to be a Nina original, since she was the one who popularized the song. Ginnie Faustino-Galgana of "Titik Pilipino" picked the song as one of her favorites on "Nina Live!" together with "Steep" and "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways". Another "Titik Pilipino" review by Resty Odon praised the song, saying "What I positively enjoyed, though, is 'I Don't Want to Be Your Friend'. I think Nina should study with intent the reasons why this song clicked with her and with almost everyone. Clue: It's one song where she didn't have to shout and be a vocal Chinese acrobat."
Music video.
A music video accompanied the release of the song. The video was directed by Chi de Jesus, and shows Nina in various sexy outfits. It was shot at a beach called Puerto del Sol in Pangasinan.
The video features the sexy side of Nina, wearing bikini and singing to the song, while working various daring poses over the water. Nina portrays a model, wherein her photographer is her ex-lover and she starts being uncool with him.
Fans and critics noticed the more sexy image from the video. "Titik Pilpino" stated "Those who saw Nina's sexy video for 'I Don't Want to Be Your Friend' may be a bit shocked at the songstress' transformation, but Nina's clearly not afraid to express herself, be it in her videos or her music. In fact, it was Nina who revived the whole video trend by the end of 2002." The video was nominated for Favorite Female Video on the 2005 MTV Pilipinas Music Awards, but Nina lost the award to Rachelle Ann Go's "Love of My Life".

</doc>
<doc id="20766004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766004" title="Kamori">
Kamori

Kamori is the most popular breed found in Sindh province of Pakistan. They are famous because of their body structure (long ears, neck & huge body) and unique color. The purebred kamori goat has dark brown color with coffee or dark fone color small patches over its entire body, and they are very expensive and rare. But luckily some smart farmers crossbred pure kamori goat with patairee goat (i.e. another famous breed found in Sindh province), and in result we got a more beautiful goat, mostly recognized as kamori by common people because of its same body structure. This hybrid goat (kamori x patairee) are become more popular among people because of its beautiful colors and lesser price as compare to pure kamori goat. 
Kamori breed is mostly in Hyderabad, Naw abshah, Larkana, and the weight of adult male is about 60 kg and wight of abult female is about 50 kg
The Kamori goat breed from the districts of Dadu, Larkana, and Nawabshah in the Sindh Province of Pakistan is used primarily for the production of milk.

</doc>
<doc id="20766014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766014" title="Stiletto (2008 film)">
Stiletto (2008 film)

Stiletto is a 2008 American direct-to-video action film directed by Nick Vallelonga and produced by Nick Vallelonga and Warren Ostergard. It stars Tom Berenger, Michael Biehn, Stana Katic, William Forsythe, and Tom Sizemore. It premiered at Newport Beach International Film Festival on April 28, 2008, and was released on DVD March 3, 2009 by First Look Studios.
Plot.
Two crime lords, Virgil Vadalos (Berenger), a wealthy Greek mafia boss and an MS-13 leader meet in a bathhouse to discuss business. A woman appears in the room with a Stiletto switchblade knife, and kills the MS-13 leader, before stabbing Virgil, leaving him for dead. Virgil survives, however, and orders his men and a corrupt LAPD detective to find the woman, whom he identifies as his lover, Raina (Katic). Virgil is puzzled by Raina's seemingly random attacks and seeks an explanation for her actions. Making things worse for Virgil is the disappearance of $2 million in cash. Virgil's two top henchmen—the intense Lee (Biehn) and scheming Alex (Forsythe)—dislike each other and suspect the other of being involved with the disappearance.
Raina, meanwhile, is seeking out men who wronged her in the past. She hunts down, seduces and kills several men from several different gangs, throwing the underworld further into mayhem. As she kills one after another, she is headed straight for her original target: Virgil.

</doc>
<doc id="20766046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766046" title="History of social work">
History of social work

Social work has its roots in society to deal with poverty (relative poverty). There are many influences. Therefore, social work is intricately linked with the idea of charity work; but must be understood in broader terms. The concept of charity goes back to ancient times, and the practice of providing for the poor has roots in all major world religions.
Pre-Modern history.
In the West, when Constantine I legalized the Christian Church, the newly legitimised church set up poorhouses, homes for the aged, hospitals, and orphanages. These were often funded, at least in part, from grants from the Empire.
By 580 AD the church had a system for circulating consumables to the poor: associated with each parish was a "diaconium" or office of the deacon.
As there was no effective bureaucracy below city government that was capable of charitable activities, the clergy served this role in the west up through the 18th century. 
During the Middle Ages, the Christian church had vast influence on European society and charity was considered to be a responsibility and a sign of one’s piety. This charity was in the form of direct relief (for example, giving money, food, or other material goods to alleviate a particular need), as opposed to trying to change the root causes of poverty.
The practice and profession of social work has a relatively modern (17th century) and scientific origin.
Modern history.
Social work, as a profession, originated in the 19th century. The movement began primarily in the United States and England. After the end of feudalism, the poor were seen as a more direct threat to the social order, and so the state formed an organized system to care for them. In England, the Poor Law served this purpose. This system of laws sorted the poor into different categories, such as the able bodied poor, the impotent poor, and the idle poor. This system developed different responses to these different groups.
The 19th century ushered in the Industrial Revolution. There was a great leap in technological and scientific achievement, but there was also a great migration to urban areas throughout the Western world. This led to many social problems, which in turn led to an increase in social activism. Also with the dawn of the 19th century came a great "missionary" push from many Protestant denominations. Some of these mission efforts (urban missions), attempted to resolve the problems inherent in large cities like poverty, prostitution, disease, and other afflictions. In the United States workers known as "friendly visitors", stipended by church and other charitable bodies, worked through direct relief, prayer, and evangelism to alleviate these problems. In Europe, chaplains or almoners were appointed for administer the church's mission to the poor.
During this time, rescue societies were initiated to find more appropriate means of self-support for women involved in prostitution. Mental asylums grew to assist in taking care of the mentally ill. A new philosophy of "scientific charity" emerged, which stated charity should be "secular, rational and empirical as opposed to sectarian, sentimental, and dogmatic." In the late 1880s, a new system to provide aid for social ills came into being, which became known as the settlement movement. The settlement movement focused on the causes of poverty through the "three Rs" - Research, Reform, and Residence. They provided a variety of services including educational, legal, and health services. These programs also advocated changes in social policy. Workers in the settlement movement immersed themselves in the culture of those they were helping.
In America, the various approaches to social work led to a fundamental question – is social work a profession? This debate can be traced back to the early 20th century debate between Mary Richmond's Charity Organization Society (COS) and Jane Addams's Settlement House Movement. The essence of this debate was whether the problem should be approached from COS' traditional, scientific method focused on efficiency and prevention or the Settlement House Movement's immersion into the problem, blurring the lines of practitioner and client.
Even as many schools of social work opened and formalized processes for social work began to be developed, the question lingered. In 1915, at the National Conference of Charities and Corrections, Dr. Abraham Flexner spoke on the topic "Is Social Work a Profession?" He contended that it was not because it lacked specialized knowledge and specific application of theoretical and intellectual knowledge to solve human and social problems. This led to the professionalization of social work, concentrating on case work and the scientific method.
Canadian History.
Back in the 1800s, many people in Canada decided that they would like to react to the many needs of their neighbors. Many of the people in Canada chose to do this because there were many immigrants from Europe that needed this help because they were looking to better their lives. Due to industrialization many people lost their jobs and were in desperate need to receive work. Because many were not making much money and some were unemployed, they started to experience social problems and that is when social work emerged. Some examples of what caused the social problems was poor health from the stress of being unemployed, and a huge amount of poverty. If people were not receiving the support and love from their families, they would search for it elsewhere. This is when the lovely idea of social work emerged. One of the stats that a gentleman by the name of Herbert Ames’ reported was that in the study of poverty in 1987, “Montreal found that of the cases of poverty he examined, 64 percent included a man in the family who was able and willing to work, and that if employment were available for these families, they would soon adopt a better scale of living” Due to all of this, many people realized that they would like to help the underprivileged. A type of social work that occurred as well is the introduction of child welfare. This also occurred because people wanted to help their neighbors and in turn developed a way to provide social help, more specifically social work.
 Poverty was dealt with in Canada by adopting a civil law that established the responsibility of the poor was in their own hands and from the help of the community. And only then could they move on to seek help from organizations that would be able to help. Canada adopted many of the movements that created social work from England and this occurred in the late 1800s. The charity organizations that they adopted from England had a main goal and this goal was to improve social conditions that evolved from poverty and stressful situations such as unemployment.
 One well-known woman that played a very specific role in social work was Jane Addams, whom is well known social work in the US. She gained all her knowledge and inspiration when she travelled to Europe and witnessed all of the social work movements they had there.
 During the depression in 1929, Canada entered one of the worst times for unemployment, poverty and economic crisis. Many companies lost a ton of money, and the government was soon being asked to help out with finances around the country. Due to the fact many people were not receiving the financial help they were hoping for, social workers stepped in. There was such a huge amount of stress in this time for many people across Canada that there needed to be some relieving. From the words of Jacob Fisher, “due to the abandonment of a focus on the social context, the profession was completely unprepared for the challenges of the Depression.” However, this was when social work as an occupation truly exploded. In the large cities, social work was provided based on one’s religion. In the 1930s, social work ran into a problem in Quebec and started to have trouble finding support for the needs of the poverty stricken population.
 When the Second World War started, it caused many people to feel fear and worry. Many people lost their loved ones to the war and it caused a great amount of stress. This time increased social work again because many were experiencing social problems due to the stress of just finishing with one war and moving quickly into the next. The war, however, decreased a bit of stress seeing as many job opportunities opened up for people and they even had extra jobs that were not filled. This also opened up other jobs for social workers as well cause more and more people were beginning to seek social help again. This was another explosion in the social work industry. Due to World War II, as many as twenty five percent of social workers were employed to help with the war effort and were even asked to travel overseas to help the soldiers with their problems. After the war ended, social work hit it’s highest well attending to the needs of the many people that lost their family members, and all of the people that were experiencing a great deal of postwar stress. This cycle seemed to repeat itself a couple times during other wars to come.
 During postwar reconstruction, Canada’s government decided to review all of the cases that Canada witnessed over the many years that had to do with social work. From reviewing this information, Rowell-Sirois, Marsh, Heagerty and Curtis came up with a final four reports that outlined the future of social work and the overall framework of it within Canada. “Rice and Price identify a number of common themes in the reports: a recognition that the economy was not self regulating; individual self-reliance was incongruent with a modern industrial society; and governments, both federal and provincial, would have to become active players in protecting people from income disruption.” These four reports stated that Canada was to keep the economy stable and have a social security for its’ people at all times. This required the help from social workers in order to make this possible. After helping many through a depression, the first and second world wars, poverty, and many other stressful events, social work was implemented and was even required to keep our country stable and to keep our people relaxed and happy. It took many years for social work to successfully evolve within our country.
Effects on Canada During the Cold War:
 The cold war was a rough time for Canada especially since there were extreme boundaries on freedom. This was hard for Canadians because it brought a lot of fear, created a lot of hate, and many started referring to other countries as the “enemy countries.” Because of the war, many female workers were asked to help the soldiers overseas and many of these workers were social workers. However, because many of these families that were away working had families, they needed to be able to have their children safely taken care of. Because of this, the government decided that there needed to be a facility that would care for the children while their parents were away. This was greatly supported by social workers specifically because they wanted to help get many of these families out of poverty and having two people away working instead of just one helped a great deal. Not long after the war was over, however, the government decided to stop the project all together and daycare was no longer offered. In the end, it did help social work and helped to relieve some families as well.
 Over the years, one of the main goals of social work was a peace movement. The well known social worker advocate, Jane Addams, was a very big contributor to this. She was the main reason the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom even came to be. Her main goal was to receive peace and this organization took place in Canada as well. Even though the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom was extremely influential and was a huge success, there was another organization that was even more influential and successful. This was called the Canadian Peace Congress. There were two social workers that contributed to this meeting and the main goal was to avoid having a nuclear war and to gain peace. This would hopefully alleviate stress and social issues for many of the people within Canada, which was the goal of many social workers as well.
 Among the years, one of the major successes of the social work history was that it ended up becoming a very admirable profession. All throughout history, social work was needed. It was needed in times of war, after the war and throughout a great deal of other struggles. Even though this was a hard time for many of these social workers and they needed to remain professional and extremely dedicated to their jobs. Because of these amazing people whom shared their knowledge and incredible amount of skills, social work became recognizable and even was offered as a program of studies in universities. Even though it took a long time to be established in Canada, it was not long before it became very important to the government of Canada to be implemented in universities country wide. This was important enough that they even negotiated to find ways to financially afford to implement this program. By the early 1950s, there was eight universities that had five hundred and forty three students enrolled. That increased by two hundred and sixty three students in five years. Social work was slowly becoming a popular career and a good degree to have.
 Over the years, Canada has seen a great deal of change and progress with the social work occupation and it’s effects. It helped many through the First World War, the Second World War and the cold war, it helped through the great depression, and it also helped many through different areas of life and social struggles. We have watched it transform and get adopted into schools and the government even used it to relieve many families and even helped with childcare in the process.
American History.
Following European settlement of northern America, the only social welfare was in the area of public health. When epidemics occurred, quarantine facilities were built to prevent contamination. As populations grew, Almhouses were built to house vulnerable people with no other support, including people with a long term illness or older people without families. The first recorded Almshouse was built in 1713 near Philadelphia by William Penn, and was only open to Quakers. A second one was built nearby in 1728, this time with public money. In 1736 New York opened the Poor House of the City of New York (later renamed Bellevue Hospital) and in 1737 New Orleans opened the Saint John's Hospital to serve the poor of the city.
Over the next 80 years, the facilities began to change. The precursors to modern hospitals began to form on the grounds of Almshouses, while the Almshouses themselves focused more and more on vulnerable people.
Modern social work in America has its roots in the mass migrations of the 19th century. Many of the migrants landed in New York and moved to other eastern cities, where mass crowding, led to social problems and ill health. Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell was the United States' first female doctor who set up the New York Infirmary for Indigent Women and Children in 1853. The dispensary was run to assist the poor communities of East Side, and it soon diversified beyond a basic pharmacy, providing social assessments and support to local families. In 1889 Jane Addams was a young medical student who set up Hull House in Chicago to work with poor and immigrant communities. The house was both a community service centre and a social research program. Precursors to modern social work arose in Blackwell's infirmary and in Hull House as health professionals began to work with social determinants of poor health.
The first professional social worker to be hired in the United States was Garnet Pelton, in 1905 at the Massachusetts General Hospital. Pelton retired after six months due to contracting tuberculosis in the course of her work. She was replaced by Ida Cannon who worked in the role for a further forty years. Dr. Richard Clarke Cabot was a key advocate in the creation of the role, as he believed there to be a link between tuberculosis and social conditions. Both Pelton and Cannon had trained as nurses before taking up the role. Cabot was in charge of the outpatient ward of the hospital, and together with the newly created social workers, they redefined the way in which health and wellbeing was managed. The economic, social, family and psychological conditions that underpinned many of the conditions that patients presented with were recognised for the first time. Social workers would work in a complementary relationship with doctors, the former concentrating on physiological health, and the latter on social health. In addition to this, he saw that social work could improve medicine by providing a critical perspective on it while working alongside it in an organisational setting.
This approach soon spread through other American hospitals, and in 1911, there were 44 social work departments in 14 different cities. Two years later, the number of social work departments had grown to 200.
Professionalisation.
After 1905, most social workers were trained as nurses. The American Association of Hospital Social Workers was set up in 1918 to increase the links between formal education and hospital practice. In 1929 there were ten university courses in medical social work. Around this time, psychiatry and psychology began to compete with social work as the complementary discourse to medicine in hospitals. Social work practice adapted to this by aligning itself more closely with psychoanalytic ideas, and became less concerned with living conditions and social health. While this detracted from the social concerns, it added a more scientific basis to dealing with patients, and challenging behaviours were more likely to be seen as a mental dysfunction than poor moral character. The increase of social spending after World War Two saw another rise in the number of social workers.
Canadian History.
In the 1700s Canada was heavily under the influence and authority of Great Britain. This meant that the government put into place laws, concerning welfare, such as the English Poor Laws which was first implemented in Britain. There was also a struggle with the principles of less eligibility and the perception of need. As a result, the poor were distinguished as two separate groups. First, the worthy poor which consisted of mostly children whom were in need of education and apprenticeship, but also included the aged, sick and disabled; they were to receive help by being sent to the poor houses. The second were the unworthy poor which consisted of those who were able to work, but were still unemployed. These unlucky individuals were deported to the workhouses to learn how to earn a keep and good work habits.
During the colonial era the responsibility of the poor went to the local governments which financed the relief through property tax revenue. In 1792 Upper Canada followed England’s footsteps and tried to move away from the poor laws and place the responsibility of the poor on voluntary charities, mainly the Roman Catholic Church.
In 1867, the British North America Act (BNA Act) was applied; it directed provincial governments to take responsibility for the welfare for their own provinces. At this time welfare was not seen as an important aspect of government, so there was not much help for those who were left to the ruling of the poor laws and municipalities. It was somewhat better for children as they were considered worthy poor, and were sent to the poor houses. Between this time to 1920 people were realizing how demeaning and humiliating the poor laws were and tried to move away from them in order to provide humane, practicable and inclusive programs. Although, because of the strong roots in Adam Smith’s “laissez-faire” economy Canadians debated the amount of support that would be obligatory of the government.
Before World War I the social service congress met in reaction to the industrialization of Canada. This led to the concern of the amount of poor and lack of sufficient, ongoing work. For all of their ambition they could not move on because of WWI. During and after WWI there were many family units that were becoming single parent families; due to the fact of fathers and husbands alike were going to war and the mother was staying at home. It was made clear that it would be better for the children to stay with the mother, so instead of moving the children away from their mother to an institution they were kept in their natural setting. This could not happen with the limited income the mother made, so it was legislated that single mothers’ could receive income security, the subsidy was not really enough to cover all the needs, but was a step in the right direction. It was first seen in Manitoba in 1916 and soon thereafter spread across Canada.
The Old Age Pensions Act was created in 1927 in response to the concern of how elderly people would care for themselves as well as the elderly of poor families. Although, this was a step in the right direction it was very hard to receive this support and the age to collect was 70 or higher, which at that time not many lived to be that old. It was also “means-tested” meaning that their yearly income had to be under a certain amount which was very low. Although, it took nine years for the Act to become national, it was a major step in getting the government involved on such an important commitment level.
In 1929 a survey showed that only two to four percent of the Canadian population were unemployed whereas in 1933 there was a sharp increase where the unemployed became nineteen to twenty-four percent. This period is referred to as the dirty thirties. This caused a lot of social and health problems, but also paved the way to public relief. The new modifications that occurred during this time did not suffice as municipal governments could not alone shoulder the cost which caused the federal government to pass the Unemployment Insurance Act of 1940. This was the first large-scale income security program.
After WWII there were many suggestions and ideas of how social welfare would and should be implemented in Canada. One of the most well-known was Leonard Marsh’s report, which was called, Report on Social Security for Canada proposed January 17, 1943. Today it is more commonly known as the Marsh Report. Marsh was a harsh critic of his own country; he pointed out that Canada was sadly lagging behind in its social welfare programs. He promoted an all-encompassing reform of how help would be given to the unemployed and children as well as social insurance, and social assistance. The underpinnings of these changes were to create a ‘social minimum’ or GAI. The point was so that no individual or family were so entrenched by poverty or circumstances that they could not help themselves. Along with this proposal he also advised a way to finance these programs---taxation and social insurance.
In 1944 the Family Allowances Act was enacted hoping to decrease the poverty of large families. It was supposed to guarantee a minimum income for Canadian families.
1951 the Old Age Pensions Act was replaced by two separate plans. The first was Old Age Security where the individuals would all collect the same benefits without the high stakes and hurdles to receive funds. The second was the Old Age Assistance which was mean-tested.
From World War II to 1970 the government worked to stabilize the economy under the principles of Keynesian Economics. This meant that the government would support lower income families in times of recession in order for them to be able to give back to the economy by spending. This was a move away from the capitalist thinking were each individual fends for themselves, because of this change in thinking Canada was then considered a welfare state.
1965 the Canadian Pension Plan (CPP) was implemented which required individuals between the ages of 18 to 70 to contribute to this program as long as they were in the workforce, so every paycheck a certain amount was subtracted to go towards retirement.
The working poor are defined as people who are working, but are still in a poverty stricken state. This was the situation of 1976, so Canada took on a plan which they named war on poverty. The plan was to rid Canada of poverty and raise the standards of living by providing a guaranteed annual income (GAI). This income would be, “based on marital status, number of children, financial resources, age and geographic location.” The GAI was never implemented all across Canada, but some provinces showed variations of the idea of a minimum income.
Throughout 1973 to 1976 a social security review was undergone. There were some benefits such as, the family allowance was almost tripled as it went, from average, from $7.21 to $20.00 a month per child, and were, “indexed to the consumer price index.” There were also a few problems that arose, mainly the cost of programs which the government supported. This led to a decrease and in some cases the elimination of social welfare programs.
Professionalism.
This section will focus on how the above social policies are converted into real life situations. The policies are carried out by different types of social programs or agencies which are, “formally structured unit, sanctioned by society, whose goals and activities focus on meeting human needs” There are two types of agencies. Primary agencies make up the bulk of social welfare, is where most professional social workers are employed and have specific goals to which they focus their help. The secondary agencies are found within another organization such as schools, or hospitals. These types of agencies also employ social workers, but are only a small part of the main specialities.
There are a few general terms to label different programs. The first being a demogrant, these programs use case payouts to help the needy. Needs of these individuals are based on demographic features, such as age, opposed to means-tested. Programs that determine the degree of need by a means-test are social assistance programs. These are most likely administered at the provincial or local government level. The third types are social insurance programs. This type of program only gives back as much as the individual had been recorded to invest in that particular establishment. The payout would only occur in the event of a death, unemployment, etc. An Example of this is employment insurance or the Canadian Pension Plan (CPP). The last two are the most common today partly because of the policies of neo-conservatism.
There are three groups that attempt to fund relief---government, voluntary and commercial. The government sector divides its responsibility between the federal, provincial, municipal and local governments. Individuals’ understanding is that they have a right as a citizen of Canada to gain support from the government through legislation. This support can be provided by each level of government through taxation as the governments have to arrange cost-sharing agreements, which easily become complex. This means that a social agency may receive funding from multiple levels of government. The voluntary sectors funding is more charity based and may come from an individual’s religious, humanitarian, or singular interest; or national organizations. Some agencies have a combination of both government authorizations and voluntary groups. Voluntary sectors funding is often uncertain, so they must gain donors hearts, sentiment, and interest to keep afloat, which also means that there is sometimes strong competition between voluntary agencies to gain donors. This can also cause donors generosity to run dry. Lastly, is the commercial sector; this is the most recent contributor to start helping meet human needs. This sector purpose is twofold, for they are helping those in need, while at the same time are hoping to increase profit. Some find this somewhat controversial, as the motive are mixed, and goes against the ethics of social welfare. Another concern is that if there is too much pressure to make profit, than the public’s needs are not sufficiently met. As time goes on it can be seen that the commercial sector is expanding. It generally fills in the gaps that are left by the government and voluntary sectors and are able to act with speed and efficiency.
Australian History.
Social work as a profession in Australia developed later than in England or America, with the first professional social workers being hired in the 1920s. Social work training began in Australia in 1940 at the University of Sydney. The profession took direction from the established schools in England until the 1960s, when a more American model took hold. Most high level training and theory was imported from abroad until the 1980s. Some Australian social work writers such as Jim Ife has criticised the impact that this has had on Australians being able to develop culturally appropriate theories and practices. Since the 1990s, Australian social work has increasingly affiliated itself with Pacific Islander and New Zealand approaches.
Social Work has been a mostly public sector or not-for-profit sector profession in Australia, with private practice being rare. The profession has experienced changes in two different direction in the last 30 years. One is a pull towards a more managerial, professionalised model, and the other is to a more community based, deprofessionalised approach. Further to this has been the trend by large organisations to replace the "jack of all trades" social work approach with less highly trained, more technical positions. Since the 1990s, other reactions to managerial control of social work have followed theories of feminism, ecological sustainability and critical theories.
English History.
The growth of social work in England as a discipline had similar parallels to the American experience of mass migration and social upheaval. The Industrial Revolution was a major cause of these changes, as social and economic conditions changed, resulting in the massive growth of cities. The first social workers were called hospital almoners, and were based in medical institutions. The Royal Free Hospital hired Mary Stewart as the first almoner in 1895. Her role was to assess people requesting treatment at the hospital to ensure that they were considered "deserving enough" of the free treatment. The role soon developed to cover the provision of other social programs, and by 1905 other hospitals had created similar roles. By this time, the Hospital Almoners Council had been formed to oversee the new profession.

</doc>
<doc id="20766052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766052" title="M2 Telecommunications">
M2 Telecommunications

M2 Group Ltd is an Australian retailer and wholesaler of telecommunications services as well as power, gas and insurance products.
History.
Established in 1999, M2 Telecommunications Group Ltd (“M2”, ASX: MTU) is a provider of a full suite of traditional and next generation telecommunications, power, gas products and services. M2 has a multi-channel, Australia-wide sales and service presence, with customer service teams in Hobart and Melbourne, the company also has sales and support in Manila. With team members numbering more than 3000 across Australia, New Zealand and the Philippines, M2 is headquartered in Melbourne.
M2’s retail division operates under the leading brands of iPrimus, Dodo and Commander. Within this retail division, M2 offers a suite of traditional and next generation managed voice and data services, equipment, power and gas. 
Through the M2 Wholesale division, M2 provides wholesale fixed line, mobile and data telecommunications services to small and medium-sized telecommunications service providers and Internet Service Providers. M2 Wholesale was launched in 2006 following M2’s appointment by Optus as its exclusively endorsed (post-paid) mobile services aggregator, an appointment which has since been extended to 2013.
M2 was named by BRW Magazine as one of Australia’s 100 fastest-growing companies in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2008, and in the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 in 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011. 
Acquisitions.
The company has made several acquisitions.
In 2005, it acquired Protel Communications, a small provider of broadband and telephony services.
In 2007, it acquired Wholesale Communications Group, Tenex, Southern Cross Telecommunications and Orion Telecommunications.
In 2008, it acquired Unitel Pty Ltd and agreed to purchase People Telecom.
In 2009, M2 Telecommunications acquired selected strategic assets of Commander Communications.
In 2012, M2 Telecommunications acquired Primus for $192 million 
In 2013, M2 Telecommunications announced its planned acquisition of Dodo and Eftel for $248 million total.
In 2013, M2 Telecommunications acquired Engin for a unknown amount.

</doc>
<doc id="20766112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766112" title="Moxotó">
Moxotó

The Moxotó goat breed from northeastern Brazil is used for the production of meat. It is a color type selected from the Chué goat breed.

</doc>
<doc id="20766142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766142" title="Edgar Alain Mebe Ngo'o">
Edgar Alain Mebe Ngo'o

Edgar Alain Mebe Ngo'o (born 22 January 1957) is a Cameroonian political figure who has served in the government of Cameroon as Minister-Delegate at the Presidency for Defense (defense minister) since 2009. An important security official in Cameroon, he was previously the Delegate-General for National Security (head of the national police) from 2004 to 2009.
Political career.
Mebe Ngo'o was born in Sangmélima. He was Economic Affairs Adviser to the Governor of East Province from 1985 to 1988 and Secretary-General of North Province from 1988 to 1991. Subsequently he was Prefect of Ocean Department from 1991 to 1995, Prefect of Mefou and Afamba Department from 1995 to 1996, and Prefect of Mfoundi Department from 1996 to 1997.
On 7 December 1997, Mebe Ngo'o was appointed as Director of the Civil Cabinet of the Presidency; after seven years in that position, he was instead appointed as Delegate-General for National Security on 8 December 2004. As Delegate-General for National Security, Mebe Ngo'o was credited with cracking down on police abuses and reviving the "police of the police", a unit intended to investigate abuses, in 2005; he also publicly acknowledged corruption in the police force, including the use of torture and extortion.
After four and a half years as head of the national police, Biya moved Mebe Ngo'o to the post of Minister-Delegate at the Presidency for Defense on 30 June 2009. Mebe Ngo'o was retained in his post in the government named on 9 December 2011, in the wake of Biya's re-election for another term. That Biya chose to keep Mebe Ngo'o in his post was viewed as surprising by some, given that the latter had been the target of corruption allegations.

</doc>
<doc id="20766221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766221" title="Murcia-Granada">
Murcia-Granada

The Murcia-Granada breed of goat, also known as Murciano Granadina, originated in the semi arid areas in south eastern Spain (in Murcia, Almería, Granada, and Alicante). They were bred for two main traits, milk production and its ability to continue this production in dry and nutrient poor regions. They have been introduced into several areas in Latin America as well as northern Africa.
 These goats are medium size for goats, around 30 to 50 kg for females and 50–60 kg for males. They are solid colored, usually black or mahogany colored. The breed association, ACRIMUR (Asociación Española de Criadores de la Cabra Murciano-Granadina, or Spanish Association of breeders of the Murcia-Granada Goat) states that they refuse to accept any goat that had white hair even in the smallest amount as M-G. The goats have erect ears and tails, with a short, coarse coat, though it is longer in males than in females. 
 These goats are very good milk producers, with a Lactation period of around 210 days, often producing 500 liters of milk annually, with some individuals producing as much as twice that. Their milk has 5.6% fat, and 3.6% protein, which is better than most other goat breeds in Mediterranean Europe. In Spain this milk is primarily used for cheese production. They are also used for meat, especially due to their rapid development of the kids. Has improved the growth of Murcia-Granada kids crossing females of this breed with a meat breed (Boer goats)
 These goats reproduce quickly, since they do not have a particular season for breeding, and the females can come into heat at any time of the year. Usually two kids are born per breeding, and they become sexually mature around 7 to 8 months of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20766263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766263" title="Chankanai">
Chankanai

Chankanai or Changanai () is a town located 12 km north-west of the city of Jaffna, Sri Lanka. Popular market known as Chankanai Chanthai (in Tamil Chankanai Market) is located in there. It is so popular, immigrant community in Toronto (Scarborough), Canada has opened a market with the same name in their new country.
Etymology.
It is believed that the name Chankanai originated from its market roots. This was a famous trading place. The measurements used for rice in old era were "Changazhi" "Nazhi" and "Uzhi". The name originated from a combination of these three measuring containers.
There is a similar place name found in Kerala is known as Changanassery. Significantly, both the places are related with its markets and trading place.

</doc>
<doc id="20766269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766269" title="Chito Narvasa">
Chito Narvasa

Andres Y. Narvasa, Jr., also known as Chito Narvasa, is a former Filipino basketball player and coach. He is the son of Andres Narvasa, a former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines, and Janina Yuseco. Narvasa coached the Purefoods and Shell teams in the Philippine Basketball Association. Narvasa is the team owner of Muscle Tape-Lyceum in the Women's Philippine Basketball League, and the current president of the Basketball Coaches Association of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20766271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766271" title="WUPF">
WUPF

WUPF (107.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Powers, Michigan and currently broadcasts a Classic Hits format as "Eagle 107.3 FM". The station is currently owned by Radioactive, LLC and was granted its license on March 2, 2008. After going silent for the first six months the station signed on in September, 2008 with its current calls and a broad-based Variety Hits format. The station had been assigned WXPT since 2006.
WUPF has the same branding and format as sister stations WMJT (96.7 FM Newberry), WMJZ (101.5 FM Gaylord) and WUPG (96.7 FM Ishpeming).

</doc>
<doc id="20766302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766302" title="Pterotyphis triangularis">
Pterotyphis triangularis

Pterotyphis triangularis is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails. 

</doc>
<doc id="20766310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766310" title="Johann Nepomuk Ehrlich">
Johann Nepomuk Ehrlich

Johann Nepomuk Ehrlich (February 21, 1810 – October 23, 1864) was an Austrian theologian and philosopher born in Vienna.
He initially studied philosophy in Krems (1828–1829), and from 1829 to 1834 studied philosophy and theology at the University of Vienna. In 1834 he received his ordination, and from 1836 taught classes in philosophy, history and literature at the gymnasium in Krems.
In 1850 he obtained the theological doctorate in Tübingen, and during the same year was appointed professor of moral theology in Graz. Two years later he relocated to the University of Prague as a professor of moral theology, where in 1856 he became a professor of fundamental theology.
In 1827, while still a teenager, Ehrlich joined the Piarists. In 1853 he became an associate member of the Bohemian Society of Sciences. Among his written works in theology and philosophy are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20766335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766335" title="Namibian Stock Exchange">
Namibian Stock Exchange

The Namibian Stock Exchange (NSX) (; ) is the only stock exchange in Namibia. Based in Windhoek, it is one of the largest stock exchanges on the African continent. It has a partnership with JSE in neighbouring South Africa. The NSX is only open on weekdays, and trades continuously from 09:00 to 17:00 (WAT), excluding public holidays.
The stock exchange operates under a license from the Namibian non banking financial regulator NAMFISA. The stock exchange is regulated by the "Stock Exchanges Control Act" (1985 and 1992).
History.
The first stock exchange in Namibia was founded in Lüderitz (previously named the Lüderitz Stock Exchange). It opened at the start of the 1900s as a result of the diamond rush, which brought hundreds of prospectors to the desert, who then built towns. After a few years, the old exchange closed when the diamond rush ended and there was no more business. 
Relaunch.
The idea of a second Namibian Stock Exchange was started as people planned to build an independent economy ahead of the 1990 national independence from South African occupation. The government gave the idea the go ahead and full legislative support, while funding came from 36 leading Namibian businesses, representing the full cross-section of interested parties in developing capital markets, who became founder members by donating N$10,000 each to act as start-up capital for the first three years of the exchange. The official launch, by then Finance Minister Gert Hanekom, was on September 30, 1992, and trading began the next day in the shares of Nictus, a local firm already listed in Johannesburg, and on that day dual-listed in Namibia. At that stage there was only one stockbroker, who also acted as consultant. Since then, five more stockbrokers have joined and twice a year the NSX sets examinations for new stockbrokers.
Listed companies.
As of February 2011, there are 34 companies listed on the stock exchange. In addition, there are 25 companies with more than one listing, and 17 companies also listed on the JSE in South Africa. The Namibian Stock Exchange has seven local listings.

</doc>
<doc id="20766353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766353" title="Agent Network Topology">
Agent Network Topology

Topological theory of intelligent agent networks provides crucial information about the structure of agent distribution over a network. Agent network topologies not only take agent distribution into consideration, but also consider agent mobility and intelligence in a network. Research in the agent network topology area adopts topological theory from the distributed system and computing network fields, such as local area network (LAN) without considering mobility and intelligence aspects. Moreover, agent network topology theory is not systematic and relies on graph-based methodology, which is inefficient in describing large-scale agent networks.
Definition.
An agent network topology represents the information of agent distribution over an agent network, which incorporates agent mobility and intelligence aspects into the process of arranging and configuring an agent network.
Related work.
The term, agent network topology, is derived from mathematical topological graph theory. This concept overlaps with topological theory in data communications and distributed systems areas.
Existing topological theories in the computing field have been mainly applied to data communications and distributed systems areas. These theories have made some extraordinary contributions. However, as an emerging discipline, topological theory in multi-agent systems is inadequate. Existing topological theory cannot fulfill the needs of an agent network because an agent network has its specific characteristics, which include mobility, intelligence, and flexibility. Agent network topologies take not only agent distribution into consideration but also consider agent mobility in a network. Most of the current research work in the agent network topology area adopts topological theory from the distributed system and computing network fields without considering mobility and intelligence aspects.
Research work in the agent network topology area is also not systematic and relies on graph-based methodology. Graph-based topological analysis of a network topology is often based on the network graph provided and sometimes lacks precise measurements of each agent. Moreover, existing agent network topologies are incapable of providing detailed information about each agent and its relationship with other agents on a network. This increases the difficulty of agent communication and cooperation, such as agent searching or matching, over a network. Thus, the research direction of agent network topologies needs to follow these three characteristics based on some concrete network performance analysis.
Classification.
Agent network topologies are primarily classified into two main categories, including simple agent network topology, and complex agent network topology.
Complex.
In a regular network, nodes (agents) are distributed in order and the connections between nodes are based on certain constraints. For example, the wiring process is based on finding neighbour agents within the shortest distance. Regular network topology can describe simple networks but it is incapable of describing complex networks efficiently. Generally, regular network topology is limited to describe static networks.
Based on random graph theory, a random network topology can describe a large-scale complex network. It is more realistic than regular network in describing the real-world complex networks such as multi-agent systems. However, the limitation of random network topology theory is the difficulty of predicting, monitoring and controlling a network. For most agent-based systems this is unacceptable because most of the implemented agent-based systems require a high degree of monitoring and controlling. Therefore, Small-world network topology is suggested. 
Small-world concept is becoming important in multi-agent systems, in which agents are often considered as nodes. It is difficult to use simple or regular agent network topology to describe an overall view of a large multi-agent system. Small-world topology could efficiently describe the conceptual view of a complex agent network. However, Small-world topology still lacks the ability to adapt to a dynamic environment. In other words, Small-world topology is not an ideal solution for the networks that are constantly changing.
The scale-free network topology, in which a network is allowed to change network connections dynamically and the nodes (agents) on the network are inhomogeneous.

</doc>
<doc id="20766378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766378" title="Sandilipay">
Sandilipay

Sandilipay is a town located 10 km from the City of Jaffna, Sri Lanka. The original name of Sandilipay is Kalvalai. At this location on July 24, 1983 number of ethnic Tamil civilians were shot and killed by Sri lankan Army.
It is the Home of :

</doc>
<doc id="20766421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766421" title="Imulan BioTherapeutics">
Imulan BioTherapeutics

IMULAN BioTherapeutics, LLC, is a veterinary immunobiology company developing a range of immune based therapies for veterinary medicine. IMULAN BioTherapeutics, LLC has several divisions related to immuno-biology and comparative medicine.
IMULAN Clinical Trials, a clinical trial division of IMULAN BioTherapeutics, conducts a variety of comparative disease trials in oncology, asthma, sepsis, cardiology, and virology.
Sources and notes.
IMULAN website

</doc>
<doc id="20766453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766453" title="Karaveddy">
Karaveddy

Karaveddy is a town located 7 km from the City of Point Pedro, Jaffna District, Sri Lanka. In local Tamil Language it translates to "Coastal Strip", although it is few km from the coast.
Karaveddy is the birthplace of many popular personalities like V.K.Sittampalam, the first SriLankan Post Master general, P. Kandiah, the first and only Communist Member of Parliament elected to represent Point Pedro electorate, M. Sivasithamparam, M.P for Uduppiddy & Nallur and the Deputy Speaker of Sri Lankan Parliament, S. Sivagnanasundaram, the Editor of "Chiriththiran" magazine, Prof. K. Sivathamby,all ceylon famous grapes vineyard owner V.S.Thamotharampillai and many others.
"Karavai Velan Kovai" is an ancient literary work dedicated to a feudal landlord lived in Karaveddy. "Karavai" is a shortened name of this village. 

</doc>
<doc id="20766472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766472" title="JC Tiuseco">
JC Tiuseco

John Carlo "JC" Barreras Tiuseco (born April 16, 1985) is a Chinese Filipino actor, basketball player, TV host and model.
He achieved fame after participating in and winning the first season of the Philippine version of the reality television series "Survivor".
Personal life.
Tiuseco was born in Manila, son of James Tiuseco, a businessman and his wife Rosemarie Barreras a registered nurse and businesswoman. He has 2 siblings, Vivian Tiuseco (who manages the family business and own business) and Karl Anthony Tiuseco (has own business).
Early life.
Tiuseco spent his grade school days in Chiang Kai Shek College and studied in San Sebastian College-Recoletos, Manila during high school.
He was passionate about basketball since his childhood and dreamed of becoming a professional player. He played with jersey #12 as a member of the San Sebastian College basketball team, which competes in NCAA Philippines.
Modelling career.
Tiuseco also works as a model. His most notable job was the Bench Denim and Underwear Fashion Show. He also placed second to his basketball teammate Ram Sagad (Pinoy Fear Factor contestant) in the 2007 Century Tuna Superbods Beachfest, and has appeared in one of Century Tuna's television advertisements.
Endorses Penshoppe for his clothing apparel.
In 2007 he landed a spot as one of Cosmopolitan Magazine’s 69 Hot Bachelors.
Survivor Philippines.
Tiuseco won the first season of "Survivor Philippines" in 2008. He defeated Robert Vincent "Rob" Sy, 7-2, with the seventh vote resulting from him winning a popularity vote. Tiuseco's win was already leaked months earlier, however, when a showbiz-oriented website published the alleged results of the Final Tribal Council on October 2008 after two of the show's staff were overheard in a coffee shop about the show's outcome. Paolo Bediones, the host of the show, labeled that website's report as a spoiler when that article first appeared.
Post-Survivor Philippines.
Tiuseco said that Survivor Philippines helped him a lot in his life. He learned how to be contented of what he has right now. He also gained confidence to face problems that will come in his life.
Because of his good looks, many people were speculating that Tiuseco will enter the world of show business. He said that if there's an opportunity given to him, he'll probably enter show business. He is currently taking up a dance workshop and voice lessons in University of the Philippines.
He is currently hosting in the GMA Network weekday morning show, "Unang Hirit". He is also the endorser of Elements, the new perfume of Penshoppe as well as the clothing apparel. As an actor, Tiuseco played minor roles in GMA shows until he was given a major role of Troy (originally played by Tonton Gutierrez) in "Sine Novela": "Kung Aagawin Mo Ang Lahat Sa Akin", which stars Maxene Magalona, Patrick Garcia, and Glaiza de Castro.

</doc>
<doc id="20766477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766477" title="Reincidentes (album)">
Reincidentes (album)

Reincidentes is the debut album by the Spanish punk rock band Reincidentes. It was released in 1989 by Discos Trilita.

</doc>
<doc id="20766480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766480" title="Nina Girado discography">
Nina Girado discography

The discography of Filipino singer Nina consists of six studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums and thirty-six singles. As soon as "Heaven" was released in 2002, Nina became the only female artist in OPM history to have five Top 5 singles from an album. Her debut album was also one of the best-selling albums of 2003 in the Philippines. Her second album, "Smile", did not equal "Heaven"'s success, but it maintained her status as a platinum-selling artist. The album's first single, "Make You Mine", reached number one in the country, making her the first and only female OPM artist to have three number one singles in a span of one year. In 2005, she released "Nina Live!", which became the fourth biggest-selling album in OPM history, selling over 300,000 copies in the country and achieving 10× Platinum (Diamond) status by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI). The album reached 6× Platinum status just months after its release, making it the fastest-selling album in OPM history. Also, "Nina Live!" is currently the biggest-selling Filipino album of the 2000s. The album's first official single, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", topped Philippine charts for twelve consecutive weeks, becoming the longest number one OPM single until 2007.
In 2006, Nina immediately followed her diamond live album with a self-titled studio album, which was not really a commercial success. Although, it received positive response from critics and earned numerous awards and nominations on different organizations. The self-titled album was re-issued in 2007 under the title "Nina Featuring the Hits of Barry Manilow", which earned two number-two singles in the country. In 2008, she released "Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren", which debuted at number one in the country and stayed at that position for six consecutive weeks. Like "Nina Live!", the album reached gold status in just one week of commercial release. In 2009, Warner released her first compilation album, "Best of Nina", exclusively in South Korea. It was immediately followed by an album which was taken from her radio show of the same title, "Renditions of the Soul". The album managed to reach Platinum in the country without having enough promotion. It also won the Best Album award on the first ever Wave 89.1 Urban Music Awards. She was named as the best-selling female recording artist of 2009 by the Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Scholarship Foundation. In October 2010, Warner released a 4-disc box set compilation of Nina's singles, entitled "". For only less than a decade since her debut in the music industry, Nina has already sold over 700,000 records in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20766583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766583" title="Ogie Narvasa">
Ogie Narvasa

Gregorio Y. Narvasa II, also known as Ogie Narvasa, is a Filipino lawyer. He is the son of Andres Narvasa, a former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines, and Janina Yuseco. Aside from practicing law, Narvasa was the commissioner of the Philippine Basketball League, the country's top amateur league, and the professional Metropolitan Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20766584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766584" title="Megacyllene robiniae">
Megacyllene robiniae

Megacyllene robiniae, commonly known as the locust borer, is a species of cerambycid beetle endemic to eastern North America. It is a serious pest to "Robinia pseudacacia", the black locust tree, with which it is sympatric. 
Etymology.
The specific name, "robiniae", is derived from the New Latin name, "Robinia", which is the generic name of the black locust tree, "Robinia pseudacacia", on which the larvae feed. The name, "Robinia", was coined by Linnaeus to honor the royal French gardeners Jean Robin (father) and Vespasien Robin (son).
Description.
From a distance "Megacyllene robiniae" can easily be mistaken for a wasp or bee. Even at a closer look it is often mistaken for "M. caryae" or "M. decora". The adult beetle grows between and has a W-shaped 3rd stripe on the elytra. The antennae of both sexes are dark brown. The male's antennae are two-thirds its body length, and the female's are one-half. The legs are reddish-brown.
Geographic range and habitat.
Its geographic range has grown over the years following the expanding range of "R. pseudoacacia". As more and more people use the black locust tree as an ornamental, the range of "M. robiniae" grows. It can be found almost anywhere unprotected black locust trees grow, and is often more abundant when "Solidago", commonly called goldenrod, is also present. The females are often found running up and down black locust trunks in search of wounds in which to lay their eggs in. Both sexes are most common from late day to dusk. Because of the adults' primary food, they tend to stay in uncultivated fields and meadows.
Life cycle.
Adults lay their eggs in locust trees in the fall. Later the larvae will hatch and spend the winter hibernating within the bark. Once winter ends, the larvae will burrow into the tree trunk and start to tunnel. These tunnels are around 10 cm (4 inches) long by 7 mm (0.25 inch) wide. The larvae will then pupate in late July and early August. The adults will start to emerge in late August and throughout September.
Diet.
Adults feed on pollen of goldenrods of the genus "Solidago". The larvae feed on the wood of "Robinia pseudacacia". 
Pest management.
There is currently only one registered product in use, Carbaryl, which is effective against "M. robiniae". It is applied in a single dose when adults are most active (August/September).

</doc>
<doc id="20766599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766599" title="Shinbutsu kakuri">
Shinbutsu kakuri

History.
When foreign Buddhism arrived in Japan it became necessary to harmonize it with local "kami" beliefs. This was done in a number of ways, among them "shinbutsu shūgō", or "syncretism of "kami" and buddhas", and its opposite, "shinbutsu kakuri".
Fusion of "kami" and buddhas.
After Buddhism arrived in Japan, the Japanese developed a syncretism of local "kami" beliefs and foreign Buddhism called shinbutsu shūgō. When Buddhism was introduced through China in the late Asuka period (6th century), rather than discard the old belief system the Japanese tried to reconcile it with the new, assuming both were true. As a consequence, Buddhist temples were attached to local Shinto shrines and vice versa; both were devoted to both "kami" and Buddha. The depth of the resulting influence of Buddhism on the local religion can be seen for example in the fact that the type of shrine we see today, with a large worship hall and images, is itself of Buddhist origin. The influential theory, common in Japan until the Meiji period, even states that Buddhist gods choose to appear to the Japanese as native "kami" in order to save them.
Resistance to "shinbutsu shūgō".
While in popular practice "kami" and buddhas were both mixed and combined in a "common religion", they were at the same time isolated and separated in various ways elsewhere. The two religions never fused completely and, while overlapping here and there, kept their particular identity inside a difficult, largely unsystematized and tense relationship. This relationship was, rather than between two systems, between particular "kami" and particular buddhas. The two were always perceived as parallel but separate entities. Besides "shinbutsu shugo" there was always the other side of the coin, the "shinbutsu kakuri". For example, at Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū some rites were "kami" rites, other were Buddhist, and were therefore conducted by different people. There was in the Japanese a strong resistance to the complete assimilation of their "kami" with foreign gods.
This visible resistance to Buddhism can be traced all the way back to the Nihon shoki's sixth-century account of the first introduction of Buddhism to Japan. Later history is dotted with accounts of friction between some "kami" and Buddhist temples that lie in their territories. 
At Ise Jingū, for example, the shrine-temple was moved twice because of the incessant rain caused by the "kami" angered by its excessive proximity to the shrines. A 804 book, the , stipulates that on Ise lands some Buddhist words (buddha, sūtra, gojūnotō, monk, temple or vegetarian food) cannot be uttered and must be replaced with others. The book even specifies these replacement words () to be used instead of proscribed ones: "nakago" ("middle child") for a buddha, "kawarabuki" ("tile-roofed building" for "temple," and "somegami" ("stained paper") for "sūtra".
There was therefore a conscious desire to keep the "kami" away from Buddhism. Toward the end of the ninth century the practice spread to other shrines. The Jōgan shiki (871) prohibits all Buddhist rites at court offices and at all province offices during the imperial enthronement period, or . Also, monks and nuns couldn't enter the imperial palace during the abstinence before, during and after some "kami" rituals at court. The Engi shiki says that, in some periods of the year, monks and nuns may not enter the imperial palace. In the Heian period this kind of separation became a common practice with many well-attested practical consequences. This taboo was rigorously observed at the imperial palace for centuries. It not only lasted, but gained new force during the Edo period under the Tokugawa. It is important to note that Buddhism was proscribed only insofar as the emperor was concerned and during the periods prescribed by the rites, but otherwise the usual mixing of "kami" and "buddhas" would take place.
Origins of the "shinbutsu kakuri".
The precise origin of the phenomenon does not appear to be related to the Buddhist special relationship with death. Direct contact with death was forbidden in temples too, and Buddhism was not outlawed at most shrines. "Shinbutsu kakuri" originated within rituals and shrines like Ise Jingū with deep ties which had profound ties with the emperor, and always remained strictly tied to him and to the ceremony of his enthronement. It later spread to other official ceremonies. It has been argued that it was a reaction against Buddhist political interference that peaked with the Dōkyō incident of 768 in which empress Shotoku wanted to give the throne to monk Dōkyō. It seems therefore that imperial ritual was isolated from Buddhism to protect the principle of hereditary imperial rule. 
The practice had in any case important consequences, among them the prevention of the complete assimilation of "kami" practices into Buddhism. Also, the prohibition of Buddhism at the Ise and Kamo Shrines allowed them to freely develop their theories about the nature of "kami".

</doc>
<doc id="20766607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766607" title="Elections in Sark">
Elections in Sark

Elections in Sark gives information on elections and election results in Sark.
Chief Pleas (French: "Chefs Plaids"; Sercquiais: "Cheurs Pliaids") is the parliament of Sark. The first elections to Chief Pleas took place in 1922 when 12 Deputies of the people were added to the property-owning Tenants. Both men and women were enfranchised in the 1922 reform, although equalisation of voting age and the granting of full rights to married women occurred later.
The majority of the island's legislature has been elected under a new system since 2009. On 16 January and 21 February 2008, the Chief Pleas approved a law which introduced a 30-member chamber, with 28 elected members, called Conseillers, and two unelected leaders, the Seigneur and the Seneschal. 
Voters are eligible to be inscribed on the electoral roll of Sark if they are: 
Latest election.
Chief Pleas.
Results from the second count were:
After the results of the ballot were declared, a separate ballot was held among the 28 successful Conseillers to determine which would serve for two years, and which for four years, which is indicated by the figure after the number of votes. After the initial period, Conseillers will serve four-year terms with half elected every two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20766631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766631" title="Simul climbing">
Simul climbing

Simul climbing, also known as climbing with a running belay, is a climbing method or style where all the climbers climb at the same time while tied into the same rope. Protection is placed by the first member of the rope team and the last member removes the pieces of gear. The length of rope used during simul climbing varies but is often between . In most cases the climbing team maintain multiple pieces of protection between them to prevent a system failure if one of the pieces was to fail. Usually a belay device is not used. However the first climber may be belayed by the second until enough rope is out for the leader to avoid a ground fall. Similarly the leader may use a belay device as the second approaches a belay station to avoid the potential for a large fall.
Fall potential.
The roles of the leader and second in simul climbing are very different than they are in free climbing. If the leader falls during free climbing the second is pulled up from their belays station. In simul climbing, if the leader falls the second is pulled up from wherever they are climbing. These two situation contain a similar level of danger.
In free climbing the second is belaying and not in a position to fall while in simul climbing the second can fall. If the second falls while simul climbing the leader catches the fall with their own body. This jolt has a high likelihood of pulling leader off the rock towards their last piece of gear. This sort of fall has the potential to be devastating for the leader. To avoid this possibility its traditional to put the better climbers second so that they won't fall.
Variations.
Simul climbing or variations of simul climbing are commonly used while speed climbing.

</doc>
<doc id="20766652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766652" title="Akira Raijin">
Akira Raijin

Professional wrestling career.
Trained by former junior heavyweight contender Masanobu Kurisu, Kawabata made his debut in 1998, using the ring name Akira Raijin, working primarily on the independent circuit.
All Japan Pro Wrestling (2004–2010).
On August 28, 2004, Raijin debuted for All Japan Pro Wrestling losing to Ryuji Hijikata. His early years with All Japan would be mostly uneventful which is normal for a new wrestler in a Japanese promotion. On June 17, 2005, Raijin teamed with Nobukazu Hirai in a tournament to determine the number one conders for the AJPW All Asia Tag Team Championship but lost to Katsuhiko Nakajima and Tomoaki Honma. In November, Raijin and Kohei Suwama participated in the 2005 Real World Tag League but would not pass the round robin stage. On January 4, 2007, Raijin along with Kikutaro and Nobutaka Araya took on, and lost to, El Samurai, Masanobu Fuchi and Ryusuke Taguchi at New Japan Pro Wrestling's Wrestle Kingdom in Tokyo Dome. On May 13, All Japan said farewell to Raijin along with Brute Issei, who both went on overseas training excursions.
Raijin returned to All Japan on June 22, 2008, but just three months later it was announced that he would be travelling back to North America, to work for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), who had signed him to a contract. On October 11 Raijin lost to Suwama in his All Japan farewell match.
On September 13, 2009, Raijin made a one-night return to All Japan, teaming up with Great Muta in a winning effort against Suwama and Shuji Kondo.
On March 21, 2010, Raijin made another return to All Japan, now using his TNA ring name Kiyoshi, he teamed up with Bushi to defeat the tag team of Chessman and Dark Ozz. On April 3 Kiyoshi entered All Japan's 2010 Champion Carnival. He defeated René Duprée and Suwama, but lost to Taiyō Kea and Masakatsu Funaki in the round robin stage of the tournament, finished third in his block and did not advance to the semifinals. On April 11, the final night of the tournament, Kiyoshi teamed with Satoshi Kojima to defeat Gurentai (Nosawa Rongai and Taiyō Kea) in a tag team match.
North American independent circuit (2007–2012).
Raijin left Japan to live in Windsor, Ontario, Canada with Scott D'Amore to gain "learning experience" in North America. Raijin would go on to work for various promotions within Canada and eventually branched off into the United States. Raijin wrestled for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, teaming with Brute Issei and losing to Havok and Martyr in a tryout dark match on July 15, 2007, prior to the Victory Road pay-per-view. On August 12, 2007, Raijin appeared at Juggalo Championship Wrestling's premier show, "Bloodymania". He teamed with Brute Issei in the 8 Team Tag Team Elimination match for the JCW Tag Team Championship, becoming the fifth team eliminated in the match. On August 18, at Chikara, Raijin took on Mike Quackenbush in a losing effort for the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship. On April 23, 2008, Raijin took part in JCW's "Slam TV Tour 2008". He debuted as Kowabata, being managed by "The Guidance Counselor" Scott D'Amore. After a series of singles victories, Kowabata was put into a stable alongside Scott D'Amore and Conrad "Lights Out" Kennedy. D'Amore proclaimed that the team of Kowabata and Kennedy would reform JCW. At the following show, Kowabata and Kennedy defeated fan favorites The Ring Rydas. Raijin took part in two BSE Pro tournaments which included Adrenaline Cup and the Sudbury Scramble Cup, both of which he did not win. Kowabata was set to appear at the 2008 "Hallowicked After Party", but was signed to TNA weeks prior to the event, resulting in him having to cancel the appearance.
While part of TNA, Raijin continued to wrestle on the independent circuit. On December 20, Kowabata took on JCW Heavyweight Champion Corporal Robinson at "Big Ballas X–Mas Party '08" in a losing effort. Raijin would mostly appear for Border City Wrestling and even had a shot at the BCW Can-Am Heavyweight Championship which he lost. On March 13, 2010, Raijin took on Kevin Steen for the Capital City Championship Combat Championship and lost. Raijin, as Kowabata, returned to JCW on May 4, 2011, at the St. Andrews Brawl internet pay-per-view, where he defeated Bill Martel in a singles match. At the June 30 pay-per-view Kawabata defeated Jimmy Jacobs in a singles match. His final match in North America came on January 28, 2012, when he lost to Josh Alexander at Squared Circle Wrestling (2CW).
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Debut (2008–2009).
In the later half of 2008, Kawabata signed a two-year deal with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling after an appearance on Border City Wrestling's (BCW) 15th anniversary show. He was given a heel gimmick which resembled his mentor Great Muta through similar face paint and mannerisms. In his debut match on December 18, 2008, he defeated Consequences Creed with a moonsault to advance to the semifinals in a tournament for the vacant TNA X Division Championship. On December 25, he lost to Chris Sabin, failing to advance into the finals of the tournament.
On the March 5, 2009 episode of "TNA Impact!" Kiyoshi, accompanied by the tag team No Limit (Yujiro and Naito), was unable to defeat the TNA X Division Champion Alex Shelley in a match for the title. On the March 14 edition of "TNA Xplosion", Kiyoshi defeated Shark Boy with his signature Lightning Flash. On the March 26, 2009 episode of "Impact!" Kiyoshi, accompanied by the tag team of No Limit, unsuccessfully challenged Suicide for the TNA X Division Championship. Kiyoshi and No Limit then aligned themselves with Sheik Abdul Bashir, forming an Anti–American faction.
World Elite (2009–2010).
After No Limit left the company in May 2009, the duo of Kiyoshi and Bashir went on to form an alliance with The British Invasion of Doug Williams, Brutus Magnus and Rob Terry as well as Eric Young, known as "World Elite". The members represented countries with Williams, Magnus and Terry representing Great Britain, Bashir representing Iran, Young representing Canada, Kiyoshi representing Japan and Homicide, who joined the group later, representing Puerto Rico. During the summer of 2009 Kiyoshi gradually faded out his Great Muta look and debuted a new look complete with new ring attire and altered hair style. The World Elite split in early 2010 and Kiyoshi wrestled his last match so far for TNA on February 16, 2010, in an X Division three–way match, taped for "Xplosion", where he and Homicide were defeated by Amazing Red. Kawabata spent the next four months wrestling part time in Japan for All Japan Pro Wrestling.
Suicide; alliance with Okada (2010–2011).
Kawabata returned to TNA on June 14, 2010, now under a mask portraying the face character of Suicide, losing to Magnus in a match taped for "Xplosion". At the July 12 tapings of "Xplosion", Kawabata picked up his first victory as Suicide, defeating Eric Young.
After Kawabata's original two–year contract with TNA expired, it was announced on September 28, 2010, that he had signed a two–year contract extension with the promotion. On the October 8, 2010, edition of "Xplosion" Kawabata returned without the Suicide gimmick, working as Kiyoshi and forming a new tag team with compatriot Okada. In their first match together Kiyoshi and Okada were defeated by Ink Inc. (Jesse Neal and Shannon Moore). On October 13 Suicide's profile was removed from TNA's official website, seemingly signaling the end of the gimmick. Kiyoshi and Okada had a rematch with Ink Inc. at the December 7 tapings of "Xplosion", but were once again defeated. Shortly afterwards, also Kiyoshi's profile was removed from TNA's official website.
Return to All Japan (2012–present).
On February 29, 2012, All Japan Pro Wrestling announced that Raijin would be returning to the promotion from his American excursion on March 20. In his return match, Raijin teamed with Kaz Hayashi and Minoru Tanaka in a losing effort against the team of Gillette, Hiroshi Yamato and Kai, with Gillette pinning Raijin for the win. On April 1, Kawabata debuted as the masked character Sushi, when he entered the 2012 Junior Tag League alongside Bushi. Sushi and Bushi made it all the way to the finals of the tournament on April 14, where they were defeated by Kaz Hayashi and Shuji Kondo. In July, Sushi took part in the 2012 Junior Hyper League, where he finished with a record of three wins and two losses, failing to advance from his round-robin block. Following Bushi's departure from All Japan, Sushi formed a new partnership with rookie Andy Wu, with the two taking part in the Junior Hyper Tag League in early 2013, where they failed to advance to the finals. On April 26, Kawabata as Sushi received his first shot at the AJPW World Junior Heavyweight Championship, but was defeated by the defending champion Yoshinobu Kanemaru. Sushi re-entered the title picture on October 12 by pinning Kanemaru in a six-man tag team main event. Sushi received his title shot on October 27, but was again defeated by Kanemaru. Afterwards, Sushi began petitioning for All Japan to restore the AJPW Gaora TV Championship, which had been quietly sidelined earlier in the year. After its restoration, Sushi entered a four-man tournament for the vacant title, defeating Hikaru Sato in his semifinal match on November 21. Three days later, Sushi defeated Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) representative Keisuke Ishii in the finals to win the tournament and become the third AJPW Gaora TV Champion. Sushi made his first successful title defense on January 3, 2014, against another DDT representative, Soma Takao. On February 23, Sushi, alongside Menso～re Oyaji, received his first shot at the AJPW All Asia Tag Team Championship. The two were, however, defeated by the defending champions, Burning (Jun Akiyama and Yoshinobu Kanemaru).

</doc>
<doc id="20766682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766682" title="Corey Crowder (singer)">
Corey Crowder (singer)

Corey Crowder is a singer, songwriter and producer based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Biography.
In 2008 Crowder signed a record deal and released his first full length album with indie label Tooth & Nail Records. In 2010 he signed a developmental deal with Sony Records and spent the next years touring the country with artists. Crowder signed his first publishing deal as a staff writer with Universal Music Publishing Group Nashville. He toured with Lee DeWyze from June 19 through July 1, 2011. In October 2013 Crowder signed a new publishing deal with Liz Rose Music/Warner Chappell.

</doc>
<doc id="20766703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766703" title="It Looked Like Spilt Milk">
It Looked Like Spilt Milk

It Looked Like Spilt Milk is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Charles Green Shaw. Originally published in 1947, the illustrations are a series of changing white shapes against a blue background. The reader is asked to guess what the shape is or whether it is just "spilt milk". The white shapes include a rabbit, a pig, a birthday cake, a tree, a squirrel, a mitten, and a great horned owl.
A Scholastic Corporation edition was published in 1988. A board book version was published in 1993. An audio cassette version has the narration of Peter Fernandez with the music heard at the beginning and end and read without music.

</doc>
<doc id="20766733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766733" title="CP-94,253">
CP-94,253

CP-94,253 is a drug which acts as a potent and selective serotonin 5-HT1B receptor agonist, with approximately 25x and 40x selectivity over the closely related 5-HT1D and 5-HT1A receptors. It has a range of behavioural effects in animal studies, including promoting wakefulness by increasing dopamine release in the brain, reducing food intake and promoting satiety, enhancing the reinforcing effects of cocaine, and possible antidepressant effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20766753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766753" title="Sinuosity">
Sinuosity

Sinuosity or sinuosity index or sinuosity coefficient of a continuously derivable curve having at least one inflection point, is the ratio of the curvilinear length (along the curve) and the distance (straight line) between the end points of the curve. This dimensionless quantity is obtained by the following report:
The value ranges from 1 (case of straight line) to infinity (case of a closed loop, where the shortest path length is zero) or for an infinitely-long actual path.
The sinuosity of:
The curve must be continuous (no jump) between the two ends. The sinuosity value is really significant when the line is continuously differentiable (no angular point). The distance between both ends can also be evaluated by a plurality of segments according to a broken line passing through the successive inflection points (sinuosity of order 2).
The calculation of the sinuosity is valid in a 3-dimensional space (e.g. for the central axis of the small intestine), although it is often performed in a plane (with then a possible orthogonal projection of the curve in the selected plan; "classic" sinuosity on the horizontal plane, longitudinal profile sinuosity on the vertical plane).
The classification of a sinuosity (e.g. strong / weak) often depends on the cartographic scale of the curve and of the object velocity which flowing therethrough (river, avalanche, car, bicycle, bobsleigh, skier, high speed train, etc.): the sinuosity of the same curved line could be considered very strong for a high speed train but low for a river. Nevertheless, it is possible to see a very strong sinuosity in the succession of few river bends, or of laces on some mountain roads.
Rivers.
In studies of rivers, the sinuosity index is similar but not identical to the general form given above, being given by:
The difference from the general form happens because the downvalley path is not perfectly straight. The sinuosity index can be explained, then, as the deviations from a path defined by the direction of maximum downslope. For this reason, bedrock streams that flow directly downslope have a sinuosity index of 1, and meandering streams have a sinuosity index that is greater than 1.
It is also possible to distinguish the case where the stream flowing on the line could not physically travel the distance between the ends: in some hydraulic studies, this leads to assign a sinuosity value of 1 for a torrent flowing over rocky bedrock along a horizontal rectilinear projection, even if the slope angle varies.
For rivers, the conventional classes of sinuosity, SI, are:
Remarkable values.
With similar opposite arcs joints in the same plane, continuously differentiable:

</doc>
<doc id="20766774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766774" title="Evangeline (band)">
Evangeline (band)

Evangeline was an American country music band initially composed of Kathleen Stieffel (guitar, vocals), Sharon Leger (bass guitar, washboard, vocals), Beth McKee (keyboards, accordion, vocals), Rhonda Lohmeyer (lead guitar), Nancy Buchan (fiddle, mandolin), and Dudley Fruge (drums). They recorded two studio albums — a 1992 self-titled debut and 1994's "French Quarter Moon" — for Margaritaville Records, an MCA Records subsidiary owned by Jimmy Buffett.
Biography.
Evangeline was founded in 1988 by lead singer Kathleen Steiffel, bass guitarist/washboardist Sharon Leger, keyboardist/accordionist Beth McKee, lead guitarist Rhonda Lohmeyer, fiddler/mandolinist Nancy Buchan, and drummer Dudley Fruge. The band entered a talent competition called Jazz Search in 1988, followed by the Marlboro Talent Roundup and the True Value Country Music Showdown. They were eventually discovered by singer Jimmy Buffett, who signed them to Margaritaville Records, his personal subsidiary of MCA Records.
Evangeline released its self-titled debut album in 1992, under the executive production of Buffett. Although this album produced no chart singles in the US, "If I Had a Heart" peaked at No. 81 on the "RPM" Country Tracks charts in Canada. Fruge and Buchan left the group before the release of their second album, 1994's "French Quarter Moon". This album produced their first US chart single in "Let's Go Spend Your Money Honey", a No. 70 on the "Billboard" country charts. Also included on this album was the song "She's a Wild One", which later became a Number One hit in 1994 for Faith Hill under the title "Wild One". A third album, "Louisiana Aye Yi Yi", was issued in 1996. The band's members have not recorded since.

</doc>
<doc id="20766780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766780" title="Nuclear fusion-fission hybrid">
Nuclear fusion-fission hybrid

Hybrid nuclear fusion-fission (hybrid nuclear power) is a proposed means of generating power by use of a combination of nuclear fusion and fission processes. The concept dates to the 1950s, and was briefly advocated by Hans Bethe during the 1970s, but largely remained unexplored until a revival of interest in 2009, due to the indefinite delays in the realization of pure fusion.
In the LIFE project at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory LLNL, using technology developed at the National Ignition Facility, the goal is to use fuel pellets of deuterium and tritium surrounded by a fissionable blanket to produce energy sufficiently greater than the input (laser) energy for electrical power generation. The principle involved is to induce inertial confinement fusion (ICF) in the fuel pellet which acts as a highly concentrated point source of neutrons which in turn converts and fissions the outer fissionable blanket. In parallel with the ICF approach, the University of Texas at Austin is developing a system based on the tokamak fusion reactor, optimising for nuclear waste disposal versus power generation. The principles behind using either ICF or tokamak reactors as a neutron source are essentially the same (the primary difference being that ICF is essentially a point-source of neutrons while Tokamaks are more diffuse toroidal sources).
Rationale.
The fusion process alone currently does not achieve sufficient gain (power output over power input) to be viable as a power source. By using the excess neutrons from the fusion reaction to in turn cause a high-yield fission reaction (close to 100%) in the surrounding subcritical fissionable blanket, the net yield from the hybrid fusion-fission process can provide a targeted gain of 100 to 300 times the input energy (an increase by a factor of three or four over fusion alone). Even allowing for high inefficiencies on the input side (i.e. low laser efficiency in ICF and Bremsstrahlung losses in Tokamak designs), this can still yield sufficient heat output for economical electric power generation. This can be seen as a shortcut to viable fusion power until more efficient pure fusion technologies can be developed, or as an end in itself to generate power, and also consume existing stockpiles of nuclear fissionables and waste products.
Unlike a conventional fission reactor, the fusion hybrid can consume almost all of the uranium fuel without enrichment or reprocessing. This has advantages for non-proliferation, as enrichment and reprocessing technologies are also associated with nuclear weapons production. The low fuel consumption, lack of need for enrichment, and small waste volumes also significantly reduce fuel cycle costs. However, the fusion equipment required will increase the construction cost of the reactor.
Use to dispose of nuclear waste.
The surrounding blanket can be a fissile material (enriched uranium or plutonium) or a fertile material (capable of conversion to a fissionable material by neutron bombardment) such as thorium, depleted uranium or spent nuclear fuel. Such subcritical reactors (which also include particle accelerator-driven neutron spallation systems) offer the only currently-known means of active disposal (versus storage) of spent nuclear fuel without reprocessing. Fission by-products produced by the operation of commercial light water nuclear reactors (LWRs) are long-lived and highly radioactive, but they can be consumed using the excess neutrons in the fusion reaction along with the fissionable components in the blanket, essentially destroying them by nuclear transmutation and producing a waste product which is far safer and less of a risk for nuclear proliferation. The waste would contain significantly reduced concentrations of long-lived, weapons-usable actinides per gigawatt-year of electric energy produced compared to the waste from a LWR. In addition, there would be about 20 times less waste per unit of electricity produced. This offers the potential to efficiently use the very large stockpiles of enriched fissile materials, depleted uranium, and spent nuclear fuel.
Safety.
In contrast to current commercial fission reactors, hybrid reactors potentially demonstrate what is considered inherently safe behavior because they remain deeply subcritical under all conditions and decay heat removal is possible via passive mechanisms. The fission is driven by neutrons provided by fusion ignition events, and is consequently not self-sustaining. If the fusion process is deliberately shut off or the process is disrupted by a mechanical failure, the fission damps out and stops nearly instantly. This is in contrast to the forced damping in a conventional reactor by means of control rods which absorb neutrons to reduce the neutron flux below the critical, self-sustaining, level. The inherent danger of a conventional fission reactor is any situation leading to a positive feedback, runaway, chain reaction such as occurred during the Chernobyl disaster. In a hybrid configuration the fission and fusion reactions are decoupled, i.e. while the fusion neutron output drives the fission, the fission output has no effect whatsoever on the fusion reaction, completely eliminating any chance of a positive feedback loop.
Fuel cycle.
There are three main components to the hybrid fusion fuel cycle: deuterium, tritium, and fissionable elements. Deuterium can be derived by separation of hydrogen isotopes in sea water (see heavy water production). Tritium may be generated in the hybrid process itself by absorption of neutrons in lithium bearing compounds. This would entail an additional lithium bearing blanket and a means of collection. The third component is externally derived fissionable materials from demilitarized supplies of fissionables, or commercial nuclear fuel and waste streams. Fusion driven fission also offers the possibility of using Thorium as a fuel, which would greatly increase the potential amount of fissionables available. The extremely energetic nature of the fast neutrons emitted during the fusion events (up to 0.17 the speed of light) can allow normally non-fissioning U-238 to undergo fission directly (without conversion first to Pu-239), enabling refined natural Uranium to be used with very low enrichment, while still maintaining a deeply subcritical regime.
Engineering considerations.
Practical engineering designs must first take into account safety as the primary goal. All designs should incorporate passive cooling in combination with refractory materials to prevent melting and reconfiguration of fissionables into geometries capable of un-intentional criticality. Blanket layers of Lithium bearing compounds will generally be included as part of the design to generate Tritium to allow the system to be self-supporting for one of the key fuel element components. Tritium, because of its relatively short half-life and extremely high radioactivity, is best generated on site to obviate the necessity of transportation from a remote location. D-T fuel can be manufactured on site using Deuterium derived from heavy water production and Tritium generated in the hybrid reactor itself. Nuclear spallation to generate additional neutrons can be used to enhance the fission output, with the caveat that this is a tradeoff between the number of neutrons (typically 20-30 neutrons per spallation event) against a reduction of the individual energy of each neutron. This is a consideration if the reactor is to use natural Thorium as a fuel. While high energy (0.17c) neutrons produced from fusion events are capable of directly causing fission in both Thorium and U-238, the lower energy neutrons produced by spallation generally cannot. This is a tradeoff which affects the mixture of fuels against the degree of spallation used in the design.

</doc>
<doc id="20766792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766792" title="Thorvaldsen Museum">
Thorvaldsen Museum

The Thorvaldsen Museum is a single-artist museum in Copenhagen, Denmark, dedicated to the art of Danish neoclassicistic sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen (1770–1844), who lived and worked in Rome for most of his life (1796–1838). The museum is located on the small island of Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen next to Christiansborg Palace. Designed by Michael Gottlieb Bindesbøll, the building was constructed from 1838-48 following a public collection of funds in 1837.
The building.
The building is strongly inspired by antique Greek architecture and built around an inner courtyard where the artist is buried. It is particularly noteworthy for its unique use of colors both inside and outside. Every room in the museum has a unique ceiling decoration in the grotesque style. The outside is adorned with a frieze depicting Thorvaldsen's homecoming from Rome in 1838 made by .
Collections.
The museum displays a comprehensive collection of the artist's works in marble as well as plaster, including the original plaster models used in the making of cast bronze and marble statues and reliefs, which are now on display in museums, churches, and at other locations around the world. The museum also features paintings, Greek, Roman and Egyptian antiques, drawings, and prints that Thorvaldsen collected during his lifetime, as well as a wide array of personal belongings that he used in his work and everyday life.

</doc>
<doc id="20766839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766839" title="Ricardo Cleofas">
Ricardo Cleofas

Ricardo Cleofas (born February 9, 1951), also known as Joy Cleofas, is a former Filipino basketball player. He played college ball for the Ateneo de Manila University, where he won a championship in 1969, before moving on to play basketball for the YCO AC Painters of the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. Cleofas also appeared at the Olympic Games as a member of the country's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="20766878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766878" title="Marte Samson">
Marte Samson

Marte Samson (born July 22, 1951) is a former Filipino basketball player. He played college ball for the Ateneo de Manila University, where he won a championship in 1969, before moving on to play basketball for the Elizalde & Co. team of the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. Samson also appeared at the Olympic Games as a member of the country's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="20766937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766937" title="Miami Fury">
Miami Fury

The Miami Fury is a football team in the Women's Football Alliance. Based in Miami, Florida, the Fury plays its home games at North Miami Athletic Stadium.
History.
2000.
The Fury was formed as a charter member of the Women's Professional Football League when it started full-league play in 2000 (previously, it had just been a barnstorming venture between the Lake Michigan Minx and the Minnesota Vixen). The Fury were placed in the National Conference South Division alongside their in-state rivals the Daytona Beach Barracudas and the Tampa Tempest. In their inaugural season, the Fury finished with a 3-4 record, in-between the undefeated Barracudas (6-0) and the winless Tempest (0-6).
2001.
2001 was a much better year for the Fury, as the team started with a 3-1 record. However, due to the September 11 attacks, the remainder of the regular season was cancelled, and despite four forfeit wins in the Fury's favor, they did not get a chance to compete for the Championship. The official record books show 7-1 as the Fury's final record
2002.
The Fury took the year off to reorganize and get ready for their move to the Independent Women's Football League.
2003.
In their first season in the IWFL, the Fury finished with a 5-1 record which was good for the Eastern Conference South Atlantic Division title, finishing ahead of their rivals the Tampa Bay Terminators and Orlando Starz. However, for undetermined reasons, the Fury forfeited their first-round playoff game to the Bay State Warriors.
2004 & 2005: The X-Team Years.
In 2004 and 2005, the Fury played as an IWFL exhibition team ("X-Team"). Not much is known about their time in the X-Team circuit.
2006.
2006 marked the Fury's return to full-time seasonal play. They picked up right where they left off, finishing with a 7-1 record good for second place in the South Atlantic Division. Unfortunately, their playoff run would end soon after it began after a 14-8 loss to their old WPFL rivals the New York Sharks in the first round.
2007.
The Fury finished third place in the South Atlantic Division with a 3-5 record.
2008.
Once again, the Fury finished third place in the South Atlantic Division with a 3-5 record.
2009.
Yet again, the Fury finished third place in the South Atlantic Division, only this time with a 6-2 record.
2010.
For the fourth consecutive season, the Fury finished third place in the Southeast Division, with a 5-3 record this time around.
2011.
For the 2011 season, the Fury joined the Women's Football Alliance, joining the Jacksonville Dixie Blues, Gulf Coast Riptide, Orlando Anarchy, and Tampa Bay Pirates as teams representing the Sunshine State. Also, longtime IWFL rival the Palm Beach Punishers made the move to the WFA.
That season proved to be a return to their dominant ways, winning the Coastal Division title with a 7-1 record (their first title since 2003) and reaching the playoffs for the first time since 2006. However, their playoff run was as short-lived as before, losing to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues in the first round by a score of 20-18.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 46 || 34 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20766938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766938" title="Association for Mormon Letters">
Association for Mormon Letters

The Association for Mormon Letters (AML) is a nonprofit founded in 1976 to promote quality writing "by, for, and about Mormons." The broadness of this definition of Mormon literature has led the AML to focus on a wide variety of work that has sometimes been neglected in the Mormon community. The AML sponsors an annual scholarly symposium and publishes the papers presented there in the AML Annual. The AML has also sponsored writers' conferences.
The AML sponsors AML-List, an e-mail list for the discussion of Mormon literature. Over the years, list subscribers have posted reviews of thousands of Mormon books, films, and other artistic works. Besides the Annual, The AML has also published the literary journal "Irreantum" since 1999 and the literature blog "Dawning of a Brighter Day" since 2009.
Awards.
"See full article: AML Awards"
Since 1977, the AML has given awards to the best work "by, for, and about Mormons." When the Whitney Awards were begun in 2008 (honoring 2007 work), many saw them as a populist reaction against the more academic AML Awards.
The award categories vary from year to year depending on what the AML decides is worthy of honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20766972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20766972" title="Agbarjin">
Agbarjin

Agbarjin (Agvarjin) or Akbarjin was the khagan claimant of the Northern Yuan Dynasty in Mongolia. He was the youngest brother of Tayisung Khan Toghtoa Bukha. 
Tayisung Khan appointed Agbarjin jinong over his "ulus" in 1433. When Emperor Toghtoa Bukha attempted to eliminate Esen taishi's influence at the court, the Oirats offered Agbarjin the throne of khaganship for his betrayal. Even though the latter's son, Qara-qurtag Duuren taiji, persuaded his father not to accept this offer, the Oirats and Agbarjin attacked and defeated the Khagan, forcing him to flee westward. Tayisung Khagan Toghtoa Bukha was killed by his former father-in-law Tsabdan, whose daughter Altaghana had been banished from the ordo (palace).
The Oirats did not trust him, as he had betrayed his own eldest brother. Soon after the death of the Emperor, Agbarjin was invited by Esen to a banquet. When the former and his entourages arrived, Esen and the Oirat leaders murdered all Borjigin males in his entourage except Qara-qurtag, who fled and was later murdered, either in Moghulistan or Central Siberia. Agbarjin's death paved the way for Esen's enthronement in 1454.

</doc>
<doc id="20767000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767000" title="Budha">
Budha

In Hindu mythology, Budha () is the name for the planet Mercury, a son of Chandra (the moon) with Tara or Rohini. He is also the god of merchandise and protector of Merchants. 
He is represented as being mild, eloquent, and having a greenish complexion. He is represented holding a scimitar, a club and a shield, riding a winged lion in Ramghur temple. In other illustrations, he holds a sceptre and lotus and rides a carpet or an eagle or a chariot drawn by lions.
Budha presides over 'Budhavara' or Wednesday. In modern Hindi, Urdu, Telugu, Bengali, Marathi, Kannada and Gujarati, Wednesday is called "Budhavara"; Tamil: "Budhan kizhamai"; Malayalam: "Budhanazhcha"; Thai: "Wan Phut" ().
Budha married Ila, the daughter of Vaivasvata Manu and fathered a son Pururava.
Birth of Budha.
Chandra was a student with Brihaspati, the Teacher of devas. Tara was the wife of Brihaspati. Tara fell in love with the beauty of Chandra(chandr). Brihaspati became angry and eventually a war started between Chandra and Brihaspati. Shukracharya, the teacher of the Asuras, joined Chandra in the battle, while The devas joined Brihaspati. As the battle was due to desire (kama) for Tara, it was known as "Tarakaamayam". Lord Brahma, the creator of the universe, feared the war might abolish the world. Hence, he came down and stopped the war. He convinced Tara, took her away from Chandra, and gave her back to Brihaspati. Budha, a beautiful child, was born to Tara.Chandra claimed to be the father of Budha, but Tara kept silent. Budha himself got angry over this tussle and asked his mother to tell the truth. Tara said that Chandra was the father of Budha.
Growth of Budha.
Chandra gives the child Budha to Rohini and Krittika, two of his wives, to raise. Budha grows up under supervision of Rohini and Krittika. As he grows up, he feels angry and ashamed about his birth. He wants to rectify the sin of his birth and hence goes to Saravanavana in the Himalayas to do Tapas. Vishnu, pleased with the tapas, shows up to Budha. By Vishnu's blessings Budha learns all the Vedas and arts.
However according to another version, Budha was raised by Brihaspati and is thus called his son.
Temples of Budha.
Thiruvenkadu in Tamil Nadu which houses the Navagraha temple has a shrine for Budha in the northern end of the Brahmavidyambhika Temple.
In astrology.
In Vedic astrology Budha is considered a benefic, unless he is joined with a malefic planet, in which case he becomes malefic also. Mercury rules over Mithuna (Gemini) and Kanya (Virgo), is exalted in Kanya and in his fall in Meena (Pisces). Budha is friendly with Saturn and Venus, hostile to the Moon, Mars and Jupiter, and neutral towards the other planets. Budha represents intelligence, intellect, communication, analysis, the senses (especially the skin), science, mathematics, business, education and research. The written word and journeys of all types fall within his domain. Budha is lord of three nakshatras or lunar mansions: Ashlesha, Jyeshtha, and Revati (nakshatra). Budha has the following associations: the color green, the metal brass and gemstone emerald. The direction associated with Budha is north, the season is autumn and the element is earth.

</doc>
<doc id="20767021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767021" title="Finger gun">
Finger gun

The finger gun is a hand gesture in which the subject uses their hand to mimic a handgun, raising their thumb above their fist to act as a hammer, and one or two fingers extended perpendicular to it acting as a barrel. The middle finger can also act as the trigger finger.
It is also sometimes used by placing the "gun" to the side of one's own head or under the chin, as if committing suicide, to indicate a strong desire to be put out of one's misery, either from boredom or exasperation. In addition, it can also be used as a way to say an awkward "hey" or "what's up" to friends or acquaintances. It can be used as an insulting gesture, as to suggest your brains should be blown out. 
Children and teenagers have occasionally been punished or removed from school for making the gesture. In some cases this was because authority figures interpreted it as a signal for threatening real violence, while in others they interpreted it as unacceptably supportive of gun violence in general. These have often been labeled "ridiculous" by some commentators.
In 2006, Fahim Ahmad allegedly made the gesture when speaking about the possibility of Canadian Security Intelligence Service agents ever coming to his apartment, which was used as evidence of his conspiracy to commit terrorism by a police informant.
In sports.
Fans of Texas Tech University use a form of this hand gesture with fingers always pointed upward, called "Guns Up." The idea is that the Red Raiders, as the university's sports teams are called, will shoot down their opponents. The Guns Up sign is the widely recognized greeting of one Red Raider to another. It is also the sign of victory displayed by the crowd at every athletic event.
The gesture, performed with both hands, was a signature of professional wrestler Mick Foley while he was in his "Cactus Jack" persona, as well as the The Motor City Machineguns.
Major League Baseball pitcher Pascual Pérez would often draw criticism and ire from his opponents, as he would mimic "shooting" them with finger guns during games.
Oklahoma State University fans use this as a symbol of their mascot "Pistol Pete," to express excitement at a touchdown, goal, basket, home run, etc. or to express where they attend school.
In popular culture.
In the climactic scene of the 1976 film "Taxi Driver" directed by Martin Scorsese the heavily wounded protagonist Travis Bickle (played by Robert De Niro) after a gunfight in a brothel, surrounded by the police forces attempts several times to fire a bullet into his own head from under his chin, but all his weapons are out of ammunition, so he instead resigns himself to resting on a sofa and when a police officer approaches him he ″shoots″ himself several times in the left forehead using the finger gun gesture.
In the "South Park" episode "Something You Can Do with Your Finger", Eric Cartman believes that the gesture is called "fingerbang".
In the anime "Yu Yu Hakusho", main character Yusuke Urameshi's signature technique involves using the finger gun pose, followed by shouting "Spirit Gun" which discharges a bolt of spiritual energy from the tip of the extended finger gun gesture. Similarly, in the anime "Cowboy Bebop", main character Spike Spiegel is seen using the finger gun gesture, always followed with him saying "Bang."
In the TV show "Heroes", a minor character named Trevor Zeitlan has an ability that allows him to blast things with invisible bursts of energy using the finger-gun gesture.
In a well-known scene from the film "Gran Torino", the main character makes the finger-gun gesture at a car, to which its passenger responds with the middle finger.
In an episode of season six of "The Office", Pam Halpert, Andy Bernard, Dwight Schrute, and Michael Scott hold each other at finger-gunpoint as the climax to a role playing game that the entire office had been participating in. The scene ends with Pam leaving to go home, and Michael, Dwight, and Andy finger-shooting each other to death.
In the movie "Crank", the protagonist Chev Chelios threatens several armed gang members with the gesture, then 'shoots' one, who is promptly shot with a silenced pistol by a rival gang. The sequel also includes a similar scene.
In Jeepers Creepers 2, the upside-down creeper at the end of the school bus performs a finger gun gesture at one of his victims.
In Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World, Todd Ingram is arrested by the Vegan Police, who use finger guns to de-veganize Todd
In Team Fortress 2, one of the Heavy class's taunts is the gesture of the finger gun (though it actually causes lethal damage in-game).

</doc>
<doc id="20767027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767027" title="Faggot (food)">
Faggot (food)

Faggots are a traditional dish in the UK, especially South and Mid Wales and the Midlands of England. It is made from meat off-cuts and offal, especially pork. A faggot is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs. 
Faggots originated as a traditional cheap food of ordinary country people in Western England, particularly west Wiltshire. Their popularity spread from there, especially to South Wales in the mid-nineteenth century, when many agricultural workers left the land to work in the rapidly expanding industry and mines of that area.
Faggots are also known as "ducks" in the Midlands, Yorkshire, Lincolnshire and Lancashire, often as "savoury ducks." 
The first use in print cited in the "Oxford English Dictionary" is in 1851, from Thomas Mayhew, where he describes a dish identical to the modern product with chopped liver and lights in an outer wrapper of caul. This was in London.
Preparation and serving.
Commonly, the faggot consists of minced pork liver and heart, wrapped in bacon, with onion and breadcrumbs. Often, the faggot is cooked in a crock with gravy and served with peas and mashed potato. The mixture is shaped by hand into small balls, wrapped with caul fat (the omentum membrane from the pig's abdomen), and baked. 
Another variation of faggot is Pig's fry wrapped in pig's caul: the pig's fry and boiled onions are minced (ground) together, then mixed with breadcrumbs or cold boiled potatoes, seasoned with sage, mixed herbs and pepper, all beaten together and then wrapped in small pieces of caul to form a ball. They are then baked in the oven and are usually served cold.
Production.
The dish gained in popularity during the rationing in World War II, though its popularity has declined in recent years. Faggots are often homemade and are to be found in traditional butchers' shops and market stalls, though larger supermarkets generally stock the Mr Brain's brand of mass-produced faggot. This is a frozen food product available in Britain, made of liver and onions rolled into meatballs and served in a sauce. These differ significantly from traditional faggots, which have a coarser texture and contain much less water.
A popular dish is faggots and peas. This combination is common in the Black Country area of the West Midlands. It is still common to see small butchers' shops in the area selling faggots cheaply, made to their own recipe.
Double meaning of "faggot".
The use of the word "faggot" has caused controversy due to its additional meaning a slang term for a homosexual man in American English. In 2004, a radio commercial for the UK supermarket chain Somerfield, in which an American man rejects his wife's suggested dinner saying "I've got nothing against faggots, I just don't fancy them" was found to have breached the Advertising and Sponsorship Code and was banned by the industry regulator Ofcom. In November 2013, it was reported that British Facebook users had been blocked temporarily for using the word, in its culinary sense, on the website. Facebook said that the word had been "misinterpreted."
References.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="20767041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767041" title="Khalatse">
Khalatse

Khalatse or Khalsi is a village 337 km from Srinigar on the old main road to Leh, where it crossed the Indus over an iron bridge. The population for the region is about 1,600. Much of its importance is because it is the place where the road from Kashmir debouches into the Indus Valley. Close by are the remains of an old fortified customs house.
There is a fragmentary inscription at Khalatse which carries the name 'Maharaja Uvima' which is attributed to the Kushan king, Vima Kadphises who ruled in the 1st or early 2nd century CE.
Lha chen Naglug (c. 1150-1175 CE), a member of a dynasty of Dard kings, a built a bridge across the Indus at the same site as the present bridge, and the Bragnag castle on the bank of the Indus, on the brook, about one mile (1.6 km) above the present village, to guard the bridge. It was built in competition to another bridge, the Babu Khar bridge, only three miles (4.8 km) away, and was clearly built to raise taxes from travellers. The castle is said to have been the first castle built in the country. The ruins of the castle and also the remains of extensive fields and watercourses are still visible. Lha chen Naglug also built the palace at Wanla.
There are a number of ancient Dardic rock carvings nearby, including one of a Dard woman carrying a basket on her back, one of a man hunting antelopes, and some showing men with what appear to be flat hats, all costumes similar to the Dards of Da. In front of the ancient Dard castle at Khalatse is an inscription in an Indian language which probably dates from the period of Dard occupation.
The German Moravian Church Mission, which opened in Leh in 1885 had a sub-station in Khalatse which remained open for the half a century prior to India's independence in 1947 and played a prominent role there with their medical and educational activities, but only made a few converts.
Entering Khaltse by the road from Srinigar, it is clear one is entering the heartland of Buddhism with its "chortens" or small stupas, mani stones and prayer flags. Upstream from Khalatse, and downstream on the right bank of the Indus, the people are almost all Buddhist. The ones downstream are mostly Brokpa or Dards. Khalatse is also famous for its apricots.
Because Khalatse is about 400 metres lower than Leh, two crops can be grown each year rather than only one. By the time crops are being sown at Leh in late May, they are already half-grown at Khalatse. The first crop – usually of "grim" (naked barley – "Hordeum vulgare" L. var. "nudum" Hook. f., which is an ancient form of domesticated barley with an easier to remove hull) – from which tsampa, the staple food in Ladakh, is made) is usually harvested by mid-July and then other crops such as buckwheat, turnips and other vegetables are planted.

</doc>
<doc id="20767053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767053" title="Bachigondanahalli">
Bachigondanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="20767064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767064" title="Yoyong Martirez">
Yoyong Martirez

Rosalio D. Martires (born September 9, 1951), also known as Yoyong Martirez, is a former Filipino basketball player. 
Basketball Career.
He played for San Miguel in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. In 1972, he appeared at the Olympic Games in Munich, Germany as a member of the country's national basketball team. He was a fleet footed guard specializing in steals/interceptions and assists. 
Political Life.
Currently, he serves as a Councilor for the City of Pasig.
Personal Life.
He is married to Teresita "Tess" Martires. 

</doc>
<doc id="20767069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767069" title="Certain Starlights and Fleeting Daybreaks">
Certain Starlights and Fleeting Daybreaks

Certain Starlights and Fleeting Daybreaks is an independently released album by singer Corey Crowder under his original stage name A Farewell to Arms. After this release, Crowder dropped his stage name and continued on as Corey Crowder.

</doc>
<doc id="20767082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767082" title="Blood Promise (novel)">
Blood Promise (novel)

Blood Promise is the fourth book in the "Vampire Academy" series by Richelle Mead. Previously in the series, the main character, Rose, and her true love Dimitri made a pact that if either of them were turned into strigoi, the other would kill them rather than let them roam as an evil vampire. "Blood Promise" follows Rose's emotional struggle as she travels to Russia to hunt down Dimitri and fulfill this promise.
"Blood Promise's" opening week sales put the "Vampire Academy" series on the "New York Times" list for children's series, making its best rank to date at #2, just behind the dominant "Twilight" series.
Plot.
In "Blood Promise", Rose leaves St. Vladimir's Academy to go after Dimitri, who has become Strigoi. The only clue she has is that he might be somewhere in Siberia. After meeting an Alchemist named Sydney, they travel to Siberia, where she eventually finds Dimitri’s family in the small town of Baia. While in Baia, she meets another "Shadow-Kissed" bonded pair, Oksana and Mark, and a mysterious Moroi man named Abe, who tries to force her to go back to St. Vladimir's. He eventually coerces her into leaving, and Rose agrees after a falling out with Dimitri's sister Viktoria. She then travels to Novosibirsk with other unpromised guardians to stake out Strigoi in the hopes of finding Dimitri. When she does meet him, she is too stunned by his Strigoi appearance to attempt to kill him, and ends up being held hostage by him. He refuses to kill her, and instead, says he will keep her until she decides to turn Strigoi to be with him.
All the while, Rose keeps checking up with Lissa back at St. Vladimir's through the bond. Avery, a secret Spirit user, has been using compulsion to control Lissa. During a visit to Lissa's head, Rose gets pushed out by Avery. While held hostage by Dimitri, who has been feeding off her and thus weakening her, Rose eventually manages to escape, grabbing a stake on the way out. Dimitri catches up with her, and they eventually battle on a bridge, where Rose manages to plunge her stake into his chest.
Exhausted, Rose ends up at the home of an Alchemist friend of Sydney's, where Oksana, Mark, and Abe are waiting. When she wakes up, she realizes Lissa is in danger with Avery, who wants to kill Lissa and then heal her back so that Lissa would be "shadow-kissed" and bonded to Avery. With help from Oksana, Rose manages to guide Lissa and Adrian through the fight against Avery and her brother, Reed, and Avery's guardian Simon. After saving Lissa, Rose asks Oksana and Mark whether there is a way a Strigoi can be restored to their former selves. Reluctantly, they tell her of a Spirit user they knew named Robert Doru, who claimed to have restored a Strigoi back to life. However, only Victor Dashkov, his half-brother, would have any idea where he currently was. Realizing the situation was hopeless because she already staked Dimitri, Rose goes back to St. Vladimir's Academy.
Back at St. Vladimir's, Rose reunites with Lissa and shares what happened to her in Russia. Rose's mother, Janine, is also there, and reveals to Rose that Abe is actually her father. After agreeing to re-enroll in school to graduate, Rose goes back to her normal life at St. Vladmir's. However, she soon receives a package from Russia, enclosed with the stake she used on Dimitri, and a note from him saying he was not really staked properly, and was still alive, waiting for Rose to finish school to find him. Rose realizes that with Dimitri still a Strigoi, she has a chance to restore him to his former life, but only by finding Robert Doru.

</doc>
<doc id="20767119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767119" title="Badanahatti">
Badanahatti


</doc>
<doc id="20767127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767127" title="Myrsine howittiana">
Myrsine howittiana

Myrsine howittiana (Brush Muttonwood or Muttonwood ) is a shrub or small tree in the family Myrsinaceae. The species is endemic to eastern Australia.
It grows to between 3 and 10 metres in height and has smooth, often whitish, bark. The buds of new growth are covered with rusty-coloured hairs. The leaves are obovate to elliptic in shape and between 4 and 13 cm long and 2 to 4 cm wide. These are shiny with wavy edges and a duller undersurface and have petioles that are 7 to 14 mm in length. Greenish-white to cream flowers are produced in spring and summer. These are followed by blue or mauve fruits which are 5 to 7 mm in diameter and ripen between December and June.
The species occurs from southern Victoria (37° S), northwards through New South Wales to Fraser Island (25° S) in Queensland often in areas where rainforest interfaces with moist open forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20767135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767135" title="Bandri">
Bandri


</doc>
<doc id="20767150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767150" title="Chintrapalli">
Chintrapalli


</doc>
<doc id="20767156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767156" title="Chanda Kochhar">
Chanda Kochhar

Chanda Kochhar (born 17 November 1961) is the managing director (MD) of ICICI Bank and its chief executive officer (CEO). ICICI Bank is India's largest private bank and overall second largest bank in the country. She also heads the Corporate Centre of ICICI Bank.
Early life.
Kochhar was born in Jodhpur, Rajasthan and raised in Jaipur, Rajasthan. She is an alumnus of St. Angela Sophia School, Jaipur. She then moved to Mumbai, where she joined Jai Hind College for a Bachelor of Arts degree. After graduating in 1982 she then pursued Cost Accountancy ICWAI, Later, she acquired the Masters Degree in Management Studies from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai. She received the Wockhardt Gold Medal for Excellence in Management Studies as well as the J. N. Bose Gold Medal in Cost Accountancy for highest marks in the same year.
Kochhar resides in Mumbai, and is married to Deepak Kochhar, a wind energy entrepreneur and her Business schoolmate. She has two children, a son and a daughter.
Career.
1984–1993.
In 1984, Kochhar joined the Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India Ltd. (ICICI). as a management trainee after her Master's degree. In her early years in ICICI, she handled Project Appraisal and Monitoring and projects in various industries like Textile, Paper and Cement.
1993–2008.
In 1993, Kochhar was sent to ICICI bank as part of a core team to set the bank. She was promoted to Assistant General Manager in 1994 and then to Deputy General Manager in 1996. In 1996, Kochhar headed the newly formed Infrastructure Industry Group of ICICI, which aimed "to create dedicated industry expertise in the areas of Power, Telecom and Transportation". In 1998, she was promoted as the general manager and headed ICICI's “Major Client Group”, which handled relationships with ICICI's top 200 clients. In 1999, she also handled the Strategy and E-commerce divisions of ICICI. Under Kochhar's leadership, ICICI bank started the Retail business in July 2000 and emerged the largest retail financer in India, in the next five years. In April 2001, she took over as Executive Director, heading the in ICICI Bank. It took her ten years to get promoted to AGM, but suddenly within seven years beginning 1994, she got five successive promotions to become Executive director. Her rise through the ranks was spectacular.
2006–present.
In April 2006, Kochhar was appointed as Deputy Managing Director of ICICI Bank. She managed the Corporate and Retail banking business of ICICI Bank. From October 2006 to October 2007, she handled the International and Corporate businesses of ICICI Bank. From October 2007 to April 2009, Kochhar was also the bank's chief financial officer (CFO), Joint managing director (JMD) and the official spokesperson. She also headed the Corporate Centre of ICICI Bank. She is also a director of different ICICI group companies. She is the chairperson of ICICI Bank Eurasia Limited Liability Company and ICICI Investment Management Company Limited. Kochhar is the Vice-Chairperson of ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada. She is a director in ICICI International Limited and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd. and part of the Governing Council in 1964. The ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth-Member.
Kochhar is CEO and MD of ICICI Bank from May 2009 for a period of five years. She succeeds K. V. Kamath, who was CEO of the bank since 1996.
Recognition.
Under Kochhar's leadership, ICICI Bank won the “Best Retail Bank in India” award in 2001, 2003, 2004 and 2005 and “Excellence in Retail Banking Award” in 2002; both awards were given by "The Asian Banker". Kochhar personally was awarded "Retail Banker of the Year 2004 (Asia-Pacific region)" by the "Asian Banker", "Business Woman of the Year 2005" by "The Economic Times" and "Rising Star Award" for Global Awards 2006 by "Retail Banker International". Kochhar has also consistently figured in "Fortune"'s list of "Most Powerful Women in Business" since 2005. She climbed up the list debuting with the 47th position in 2005, moving up 10 spots to 37 in 2006 and then to 33 in 2007. In the 2008 list, Kochhar features at the 25th spot. In 2009, she debuted at number 20 in the Forbes "World's 100 Most Powerful Women list". She is the second Indian in the list behind the ruling Indian National Congress party chief Sonia Gandhi at number 13. In 2010, she fell to number 92 in the Forbes list, but in 2011 bounced back to 43.
Kochhar has also consistently figured in "Fortunes list of "Most Powerful Women in Business" since 2005. In 2009, she debuted at number 20 in the Forbes "World's 100 Most Powerful Women list", and climbed to the 10th spot in 2010. In 2011, she featured in "Business Todays list of the "Most Powerful Women – Hall of Fame". In 2011, she also featured in the "The 50 Most Influential People in Global Finance" List of "Bloomberg Markets". Chanda Kochhar was awarded with ASSOCHAM Ladies League Mumbai Women of the Decade Achievers Award on January 2, 2014.
Kochhar is honoured with Padma Bhushan Award, the third highest civilian honour by the Government of India for the year 2010 for her services to banking sector.
Kochhar was also awarded the ""ABLF Woman of Power Award (India)"" in 2011 at the Asian Business Leadership Forum Awards.
Kochhar was ranked as the most powerful business woman in India in Forbes' list of 'The World's 100 Most Powerful Women 2013'. Kochhar was also featured in the Power List 2013 of 25 most powerful women in India by India Today, for the third year in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="20767157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767157" title="Chornur">
Chornur


</doc>
<doc id="20767164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767164" title="Danapuram">
Danapuram


</doc>
<doc id="20767166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767166" title="Daroji">
Daroji


</doc>
<doc id="20767175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767175" title="Thanneer Thanneer">
Thanneer Thanneer

Thaneer Thaneer () is a 1981 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Saritha, Shunmugham, V. K. Veeraswami and Radha Ravi. The film, based on the play in 1980 by the same name by Komal Swaminathan was filmed by B. S. Loknath and featured music by M. S. Viswanathan. It was released during the Diwali day in 1981. In the titles, Komal Swaminathan was credited for the original story, while screenplay was by K.Balachander. It is said that Komal Swaminathan was fully satisfied with the movie version of his powerful play.
"Thanneer Thanneer" deals with issues such as water scarcity and political corruption. Inhibitants of a drought-ridden village in Tamil Nadu, Athipati, try a cooperative method to bring water to their village, but their attempts are thwarted by unscrupulous politicians who try to use the water problem for their political gains. The film has been highly critically acclaimed and considered a "classic", which fetched several accolades including two National Film Awards and two Filmfare Awards South. IBN Live included the film in its list of 100 greatest Indian films of all time. Balachander has revealed that there is no existing copy of the negative of the film anymore.
Plot.
Thaneer Thaneer is a political drama and a universal human story based in a dry rural hamlet near Kovilpatti, in Tamil Nadu state of India. This is a film about administration negligance of suffering villagers, excessive bureaucratic regulation (Red tape), greed, power and powerlessness. When a remote village faces severe water shortages, the inhabitants adopt all possible means to bring their problem to the attention of the authorities. But the process soon reveals the apathetic attitude of politicians, bureaucrats and the press alike. A convict wanted for the murder of a local landlord turns the villagers' plight to his advantage and begins a co-operative scheme to transport water in a cart from a spring ten miles away.
Reviews.
Featuring fine performances, this film fared well at many international festivals where it was screened. Audiences were moved by the film's realistic depiction of life in rural India, far removed from the exotic dream world of much popular cinema. Saritha's performance was widely appreciated who supposedly lost the national award to Rekha (for Umrao Jaan) that year by a narrow margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20767176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767176" title="Dasanur">
Dasanur


</doc>
<doc id="20767181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767181" title="Devasamudra">
Devasamudra

See also.
454

</doc>
<doc id="20767184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767184" title="Claudius Terentianus">
Claudius Terentianus

Claudius Terentianus was an Egyptian enrolled in the Roman army. He was the author of a number of papyrus-letters, mostly addressed to his father Claudius Tiberianus, a veteran settled in Karanis.
Military Service.
Claudius Terentianus enlisted in the "classis Alexandriae" (Alexandrian fleet) sometime around 110 AD. He complained about life in the fleet, and subsequently transferred to a legion. He was deployed to Syria, possibly in relation to Trajan's Parthian campaign, and was wounded quelling civic unrest in Alexandria. He was discharged in 136 AD, and likely settled in the village of Karanis.
Family.
Claudius Terentianus repreatedly refers to Claudius Tiberianus as his father. While a few scholars think this may be an honorary title, most believe that Terentianus is Tiberianus' biological son (both do share the same "nomen"). Terentianus also calls another man named Ptolemaios "father" (P Mich 5393); this is likely an honorary designator, although Ptolemaios may be his uncle by marriage. Terentianus also refers to a woman he calls his "mother" living in Alexandria, who is most likely his aunt Tabetheus. If she is the same woman who addresses Claudius Tiberianus as "brother" in P. Mich 5403, then she was living in Alexandria near where Terentianus was stationed. The same letter mentions that Terentianus had a brother named Isidoros and a sister named Segathis, who are being cared for by the aunt in Alexandria. It may be that Tiberianus was a widower, and entrusted his children to his sister in Alexandria while he was occupied with his own military career.

</doc>
<doc id="20767194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767194" title="Emmiganur">
Emmiganur


</doc>
<doc id="20767196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767196" title="Muttonwood">
Muttonwood

Muttonwood is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20767198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767198" title="A la Carte (Triumvirat album)">
A la Carte (Triumvirat album)

A La Carte is the sixth full-length studio album by German progressive rock band Triumvirat, released in 1978. 
Track listing.
Bonus Tracks

</doc>
<doc id="20767200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767200" title="Buckeye Corpus">
Buckeye Corpus

The Buckeye Corpus of conversational speech is a speech corpus created by a team of linguists and psychologists at Ohio State University led by Prof. Mark Pitt. 
. It contains high-quality recordings from 40 speakers in Columbus, Ohio conversing freely with an interviewer. The interviewer's voice is heard only faintly in the background of these recordings. The sessions were conducted as Sociolinguistics interviews, and are essentially monologues. The speech has been orthographically transcribed and phonetically labeled. The audio and text files, together with time-aligned phonetic labels, are stored in a format for use with speech analysis software (Xwaves and Wavesurfer). Software for searching the transcription files is also available at the project web site. The corpus is available to researchers in academics and industry.
The project was funded by the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders and the Office of Research at Ohio State University.
See also.
Pitt, M.A., Dilley, L., Johnson, K., Kiesling, S., Raymond, W., Hume, E. and Fosler-Lussier, E. (2007) Buckeye Corpus of Conversational Speech (2nd release) www.buckeyecorpus.osu.edu Columbus, OH: Department of Psychology, Ohio State University (Distributor).

</doc>
<doc id="20767205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767205" title="Genikihal">
Genikihal


</doc>
<doc id="20767211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767211" title="Jasarum">
Jasarum

Jasarum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that makes up the genus is Jasarum steyermarkii. It was discovered in 1960, but wasn't described until 1977 due to classification difficulties with regards to understanding this species. "Jasarum" is now believed to be closely related to "Caladium"s and it may have evolved from "Caladium"s that once grew in seasonal swamps. "Jasarum steyermarkii" is an aquatic species that is native to two river systems in Venezuela and Guyana. It is found growing in acidic blackwater and is unique in that it is the only submerged aquatic species in Araceae endemic to South America. "Jasarum steyermarkii" has thin ribbon-like leaves that can get as long as 30 cm. Running down the length of the leaf is a clear midrib that has veins moving at right angles to the edge of the leaf. The spathes produced open above the surface of the water and are about 15 cm long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20767228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767228" title="Gudekota">
Gudekota


</doc>
<doc id="20767231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767231" title="Hagari Bommanahalli">
Hagari Bommanahalli

Food.
In Hagaribommanahalli, Jowar Roti is the most common food in Northern parts of Karnataka along with Yennegai Palya(Brinjal / Eggplant Curry) which is one of the delicious curry to taste and Peanut powder.
Transport.
Road.
1.Bangalore-Chitradurga-Davanagere-Harpanahalli-Hagaribommanahalli.
2.Bangalore-Chitradurga-JagalurKudligi-Kotturu-Hagaribommanahalli.
3.Bangalore-Chitradurga-Kudligi-Hagaribommanahalli.
3.Bellary-Hospet-Hagaribommanahalli.
External links.
PIN CODE IS 583212

</doc>
<doc id="20767235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767235" title="Algae (disambiguation)">
Algae (disambiguation)

Algae are a type of Protist.
Algae may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20767242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767242" title="Halekota">
Halekota


</doc>
<doc id="20767246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767246" title="Hampasagara">
Hampasagara


</doc>
<doc id="20767250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767250" title="Hirehadagalli">
Hirehadagalli


</doc>
<doc id="20767258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767258" title="Theodore Roy Golubic">
Theodore Roy Golubic

Theodore Golubic (December 9, 1928 – November 29, 1998) began his career as a painter but soon realized sculpture was his media. He studied sculpture at the Syracuse University under Ivan Meštrović and eventually became his assistant. After receiving his Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Notre Dame (under Meštrović), he worked from three-dimensional sculpture to four dimensional art that involved shadow and light. He is referenced in Who's Who in American Art, and exhibited both regionally and nationally. As a creative artist, he combined both science and art, and received five US patents in semiconductors, one for a three-dimensional packaging design.
Personal life.
Youth.
Ted Golubic was born December 9, 1928, in Lorain, Ohio to Ivan and Illonka Safar Golubic. Ted attended Lorain High School where he graduated on January 2, 1947.
Family.
Ted married Rose Ieraci on November 27, 1958, in the Sacred Heart Chapel at Notre Dame, Indiana.
Ted had four children and seven grandchildren. His children are: Vincivan (Vince), Theodore Eric, Victor Gregory, and Georjia Terese. His grandchildren are: Jessica, John and Joey Motta, Michael and Teddy Golubic, and Sarah and Karly Golubic.

</doc>
<doc id="20767259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767259" title="Holagundi">
Holagundi


</doc>
<doc id="20767266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767266" title="Holalu">
Holalu


</doc>
<doc id="20767273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767273" title="Benzodiazepine dependence">
Benzodiazepine dependence

Benzodiazepine dependence or benzodiazepine addiction is when one has developed three or more of either tolerance, withdrawal symptoms, drug seeking behaviors, continued use despite harmful effects, and maladaptive pattern of substance use, according to the DSM-IV. In the case of benzodiazepine dependence however, the continued use seems to be associated with the avoidance of unpleasant withdrawal reaction rather than from the pleasurable effects of the drug. Benzodiazepine dependence develops with long term use, even at low therapeutic doses, even without the described dependence behavior.
Addiction, or what is sometimes referred to as psychological dependence, includes people misusing and/or craving the drug not to relieve withdrawal symptoms but to experience its euphoric and/or intoxicating effects. It is important to distinguish between addiction and drug abuse of benzodiazepines and normal physical dependence on benzodiazepines.The increased GABAA inhibition caused by benzodiazepines is counteracted by the body's development of tolerance to the drug's effects; the development of tolerance occurs as a result of neuroadaptations, which result in decreased GABA inhibition and increased excitability of the glutamate system; these adaptations occur as a result of the body trying to overcome the central nervous system depressant effects of the drug to restore homeostasis. When benzodiazepines are stopped, these neuroadaptations are "unmasked" leading to hyper-excitability of the nervous system and the appearance of withdrawal symptoms.
Therapeutic dose dependence is the largest category of people dependent on benzodiazepines. These individuals typically do not escalate their doses to high levels or abuse their medication. Smaller groups include patients escalating their dosage to higher levels and drug misusers as well. It is unclear exactly how many people illicitly abuse benzodiazepines. Tolerance develops within days or weeks to the anticonvulsant, hypnotic muscle relaxant and after 4 months there is little evidence that benzodiazepines retain their anxiolytic properties. Some authors, however, disagree and feel that benzodiazepines retain their anxiolytic properties. Long-term benzodiazepine treatment may remain necessary in certain clinical conditions.
Dependence and misuse of benzodiazepines have been of concern since 2002. Based on findings in the US from the Treatment Episode Data Set (TEDS), an annual compilation of patient characteristics in substance abuse treatment facilities in the United States, admissions due to "primary tranquilizer" (including, but not limited to, benzodiazepine-type) drug use increased 79% from 1992 to 2002. Thus, the DAWN and TEDS data sets demonstrate clearly that the misuse of these sedative/hypnotics is on the rise, and cause for concern.
Numbers of benzodiazepine prescriptions have been declining, due primarily to concerns of dependence. In the short term, benzodiazepines can be effective drugs for acute anxiety or insomnia. With longer-term use, other therapies, both pharmacological and psychotherapeutic, become more effective. This is in part due to the greater effectiveness over time of other forms of therapy, and also due to the eventual development of pharmacological benzodiazepine tolerance.
Definition.
Benzodiazepine dependence is the condition resulting from repeated use of benzodiazepine drugs. It can include both a physical dependence as well as a psychological dependence and is typified by a withdrawal syndrome upon a fall in blood plasma levels of benzodiazepines, e.g., during dose reduction or abrupt withdrawal.
Signs and symptoms.
The signs and symptoms of benzodiazepine dependence include feeling unable to cope without the drug, unsuccessful
attempts to cut down or stop benzodiazepine use, tolerance to the effects of benzodiazepines, and withdrawal symptoms when not taking the drug. Some withdrawal symptoms that may appear include anxiety, depressed mood, depersonalisation, derealisation, sleep disturbance, hypersensitivity to touch and pain, tremor, shakiness, muscular aches, pains, twitches, and headache. Benzodiazepine dependence and withdrawal have been associated with suicide and self-harming behaviors, especially in young people. The Department of Health substance misuse guidelines recommend monitoring for mood disorder in those dependent on or withdrawing from benzodiazepines.
Benzodiazepine dependence is a frequent complication for those prescribed for or using for longer than four weeks, with physical dependence and withdrawal symptoms being the most common problem, but also occasionally drug-seeking behavior. Withdrawal symptoms include anxiety, perceptual disturbances, distortion of all the senses, dysphoria, and, in rare cases, psychosis and epileptic seizures.
Cause.
Tolerance occurs to the muscle-relaxant, anticonvulsant, and sleep-inducing effects of benzodiazepines, and upon cessation a benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome occurs. This can lead to benzodiazepines' being taken for longer than originally intended, as people continue to take the drugs over a long period of time to suppress withdrawal symptoms. Some people abuse benzodiazepines at very high doses and devote a lot of time to doing so, satisfying the diagnostic criteria in DSM IV for substance abuse and dependence. Another group of people include those on low to moderate therapeutic doses of benzodiazepines who do not abuse their benzodiazepines but develop a tolerance and benzodiazepine dependence. A considerable number of individuals using benzodiazepines for insomnia escalate their dosage, sometimes above therapeutically-prescribed dose levels. Tolerance to the anxiolytic effect of benzodiazepines has been clearly demonstrated in rats. In humans, there is little evidence that benzodiazepines retain their anti-anxiety effects beyond four months of continuous treatment; there is evidence that suggests that long-term use of benzodiazepines may actually worsen anxiety, which in turn may lead to dosage escalation, with one study finding 25% of patients escalated their dosage. Some authors, however, consider benzodiazepines to be effective long-term; however, it is more likely that the drugs are acting to prevent rebound anxiety withdrawal effects. Tolerance to the anticonvulsant and muscle-relaxing effects of benzodiazepines occurs within a few weeks in most patients.
Risk factors.
The risk factors for benzodiazepine dependence are long-term use beyond four weeks, use of high doses, use of potent short-acting benzodiazepines, dependent personalities, and proclivity for drug abuse. Use of short-acting benzodiazepines leads to repeated withdrawal effects that are alleviated by the next dose, which reinforce in the individual the dependence. A physical dependence develops more quickly with higher potency benzodiazepines such as alprazolam (Xanax) than with lower potency benzodiazepines such as chlordiazepoxide (Librium).
Symptom severity is worse with the use of high doses, or with benzodiazepines of high potency or short half-life. Other cross-tolerant sedative hypnotics, such as barbiturates or alcohol, increase the risk of benzodiazepine dependence. Similar to opioids' use for pain, therapeutic use of benzodiazepines rarely leads to substance abuse.
Mechanism.
Tolerance and physical dependence.
Tolerance develops rapidly to the sleep-inducing effects of benzodiazepines but takes several months to develop to the anxiolytic effects. The anticonvulsant and muscle-relaxant effects last for a few weeks before tolerance develops in most individuals. Tolerance results in a desensitization of GABA receptors and an increased sensitization of the excitatory neurotransmitter system, glutamate such as NMDA glutamate receptors. These changes occur as a result of the body trying to overcome the drug's effects. Other changes that occur are the reduction of the number of GABA receptors (internalization) as well as possibly long term changes in gene transcription coding of brain cells. The differing speed at which tolerance occurs to the therapeutic effects of benzodiazepines can be explained by the speed of changes in the range of neurotransmitter systems and subsystems that are altered by chronic benzodiazepine use. The various neurotransmitter systems and subsystems may reverse tolerance at different speeds, thus explaining the prolonged nature of some withdrawal symptoms. As a result of a physical dependence that develops due to tolerance, a characteristic benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome often occurs after removal of the drug or a reduction in dosage. Changes in the expression of neuropeptides such as corticotropin-releasing hormone and neuropeptide Y may play a role in benzodiazepine dependence. Individuals taking daily benzodiazepine drugs have a reduced sensitivity to further additional doses of benzodiazepines. Tolerance to benzodiazepines can be demonstrated by injecting diazepam into long-term users. In normal subjects, increases in growth hormone occurs, whereas, in benzodiazepine-tolerant individuals, this effect is blunted.
Animal studies have shown that repeated withdrawal from benzodiazepines leads to increasingly severe withdrawal symptoms, including an increased risk of seizures; this phenomenon is known as kindling. Kindling phenomena are well established for repeated ethanol (alcohol) withdrawal; alcohol has a very similar mechanism of tolerance and withdrawal to benzodiazepines, involving the GABAa, NMDA, and AMPA receptors.
The shift of benzodiazepine receptors to an inverse agonist state after chronic treatment leads the brain to be more sensitive to excitatory drugs or stimuli. Excessive glutamate activity can result in excitotoxicity, which may result in neurodegeneration. The glutamate receptor subtype NMDA is well known for its role in causing excito-neurotoxicity. The glutamate receptor subtype AMPA is believed to play an important role in neuronal kindling as well as excitotoxicity during withdrawal from alcohol as well as benzodiazepines. It is highly possible that NMDA receptors are involved in the tolerance to some effects of benzodiazepines.
Animal studies have found that glutamergic changes as a result of benzodiazepine use are responsible for a delayed withdrawal syndrome, which in mice peaks 3 days after cessation of benzodiazepines. This was demonstrated by the ability to avoid the withdrawal syndrome by the administration of AMPA antagonists. It is believed that different glutamate subreceptors, e.g., NMDA and AMPA, are responsible for different stages/time points of the withdrawal syndrome. NMDA receptors are upregulated in the brain as a result of benzodiazepine tolerance. AMPA receptors are also involved in benzodiazepine tolerance and withdrawal. A decrease in benzodiazepine binding sites in the brain may also occur as part of benzodiazepine tolerance.
Cross tolerance.
Benzodiazepines share a similar mechanism of action with various sedative compounds that act by enhancing the GABAA receptor. "Cross tolerance" means that one drug will alleviate the withdrawal effects of another. It also means that tolerance of one drug will result in tolerance of another similarly-acting drug. Benzodiazepines are often used for this reason to detoxify alcohol-dependent patients and can have life-saving properties in preventing and/or treating severe life-threatening withdrawal syndromes from alcohol, such as delirium tremens. However, although benzodiazepines can be very useful in the acute detoxification of alcoholics, benzodiazepines in themselves act as positive reinforcers in alcoholics, by increasing the desire for alcohol. Low doses of benzodiazepines were found to significantly increase the level of alcohol consumed in alcoholics. Alcoholics dependent on benzodiazepines should not be abruptly withdrawn but be very slowly withdrawn from benzodiazepines, as over-rapid withdrawal is likely to produce severe anxiety or panic, which is well known for being a relapse risk factor in recovering alcoholics.
There is cross tolerance between alcohol, the benzodiazepines, the barbiturates, the nonbenzodiazepine drugs, and corticosteroids, which all act by enhancing the GABAA receptor's function via modulating the chloride ion channel function of the GABAA receptor.
Neuroactive steroids, e.g., progesterone and its active metabolite allopregnanolone, are positive modulators of the GABAA receptor and are cross tolerant with benzodiazepines. The active metabolite of progesterone has been found to enhance the binding of benzodiazepines to the benzodiazepine binding sites on the GABAA receptor. The cross-tolerance between GABAA receptor positive modulators occurs because of the similar mechanism of action and the subunit changes that occur from chronic use from one or more of these compounds in expressed receptor isoforms. Abrupt withdrawal from any of these compounds, e.g., barbiturates, benzodiazepines, alcohol, corticosteroids, neuroactive steroids, and nonbenzodiazepines, precipitate similar withdrawal effects characterized by central nervous system hyper-excitability, resulting in symptoms such as increased seizure susceptibility and anxiety. While many of the neuroactive steroids do not produce full tolerance to their therapeutic effects, cross-tolerance to benzodiazepines still occurs as had been demonstrated between the neuroactive steroid ganaxolone and diazepam. Alterations of levels of neuroactive steroids in the body during the menstrual cycle, menopause, pregnancy, and stressful circumstances can lead to a reduction in the effectiveness of benzodiazepines and a reduced therapeutic effect. During withdrawal of neuroactive steroids, benzodiazepines become less effective.
Physiology of withdrawal.
Withdrawal symptoms are a normal response in individuals having chronically used benzodiazepines, and an adverse effect and result of drug tolerance. Symptoms typically emerge when dosage of the drug is reduced. GABA is the second-most-common neurotransmitter in the central nervous system (the most common being glutamate) and by far the most abundant inhibitory neurotransmitter; roughly one-quarter to one-third of synapses use GABA. The use of benzodiazepines has a profound effect on almost every aspect of brain and body function, either directly or indirectly.
Benzodiazepines cause a decrease in norepinephrine (noradrenaline), serotonin, acetylcholine, and dopamine. These neurotransmitters are needed for normal memory, mood, muscle tone and coordination, emotional responses, endocrine gland secretions, heart rate, and blood pressure control. With chronic benzodiazepine use, tolerance develops rapidly to most of its effects, so that, when benzodiazepines are withdrawn, various neurotransmitter systems go into overdrive due to the lack of inhibitory GABA-ergic activity. Withdrawal symptoms then emerge as a result, and persist until the nervous system physically reverses the adaptions (physical dependence) that have occurred in the CNS.
Withdrawal symptoms typically consist of a mirror image of the drug's effects: Sedative effects and suppression of REM and SWS stages of sleep can be replaced by insomnia, nightmares, and hypnogogic hallucinations; its antianxiety effects are replaced with anxiety and panic; muscle-relaxant effects are replaced with muscular spasms or cramps; and anticonvulsant effects are replaced with seizures, especially in cold turkey or overly-rapid withdrawal.
Benzodiazepine withdrawal represents in part excitotoxicity to brain neurons. Rebound activity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis also plays an important role in the severity of benzodiazepine withdrawal. Tolerance and the resultant withdrawal syndrome may be due to alterations in gene expression, which results in long-term changes in the function of the GABAergic neuronal system.
During withdrawal from full or partial agonists, changes occur in benzodiazepine receptor with upregulation of some receptor subtypes and downregulation of other receptor subtypes.
Withdrawal.
Long term use of benzodiazepines leads to increasing physical and mental health problems, and as a result, discontinuation is recommended for many long-term users. The withdrawal syndrome from benzodiazepines can range from a mild and short-lasting syndrome to a prolonged and severe syndrome. Withdrawal symptoms leads to continued use of benzodiazepines for many years, long after the original reason for taking benzodiazepines has passed. Many patients know that the benzodiazepines no longer work for them but are unable to discontinue benzodiazepines because of withdrawal symptoms.
Withdrawal symptoms can emerge despite slow reduction but can be reduced by a slower rate of withdrawal. As a result, withdrawal rates have been recommended to be customized to each individual patient. The time needed to withdraw can vary from a couple of months to a year or more and often depends on length of use, dosage taken, lifestyle, health, and social and environmental stress factors.
Diazepam is often recommended due to its long elimination half-life and also because of its availability in low potency doses. The non-benzodiazepine Z drugs such as zolpidem, zaleplon, and zopiclone should not be used as a replacement for benzodiazepines, as they have a similar mechanism of action and can induce a similar dependence. The pharmacological mechanism of benzodiazepine tolerance and dependence is the internalization (removal) of receptor site in the brain and changes in gene transcription codes in the brain.
With long-term use and during withdrawal of benzodiazepines, treatment-emergent depression and emotional blunting may emerge and sometimes also suicidal ideation. There is evidence that the higher the dose used the more likely it is benzodiazepine use will induce these feelings. Reducing the dose or discontinuing benzodiazepines may be indicated in such cases. Withdrawal symptoms can persist for quite some time after discontinuing benzodiazepines. Some common protracted withdrawal symptoms include anxiety, depression, insomnia, and physical symptoms such as gastrointestinal, neurologic, and musculoskeletal effects. The protracted withdrawal state may still occur despite slow titration of dosage. It is believed that the protracted withdrawal effects are due to persisting neuroadapations.
Prevention.
Due to the risk of developing tolerance, dependence, and adverse health effects, such as cognitive impairment, benzodiazepines are indicated for short-term use only - a few weeks, followed by a gradual dose reduction.
The Committee on the Review of Medicines (UK).
The Committee on the Review of Medicines carried out a review into benzodiazepines due to significant concerns of tolerance, drug dependence, benzodiazepine withdrawal problems, and other adverse effects and published the results in the British Medical Journal in March 1980. The committee found that benzodiazepines do not have any antidepressant or analgesic properties and are, therefore, unsuitable treatments for conditions such as depression, tension headaches, and dysmenorrhea. Benzodiazepines are also not beneficial in the treatment of psychosis. The committee also recommended against benzodiazepines for use in the treatment of anxiety or insomnia in children.
The committee was in agreement with the Institute of Medicine (USA) and the conclusions of a study carried out by the White House Office of Drug Policy and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (USA) that there is little evidence that long-term use of benzodiazepine hypnotics are beneficial in the treatment of insomnia due to the development of tolerance. Benzodiazepines tend to lose their sleep-promoting properties within 3–14 days of continuous use, and, in the treatment of anxiety, the committee found that there was little convincing evidence that benzodiazepines retains efficacy in the treatment of anxiety after 4 months of continuous use due to the development of tolerance.
The committee found that the regular use of benzodiazepines causes the development of dependence characterized by tolerance to the therapeutic effects of benzodiazepines and the development of the benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome including symptoms such as anxiety, apprehension, tremors, insomnia, nausea, and vomiting upon cessation of benzodiazepine use. Withdrawal symptoms tend to develop within 24 hours upon cessation of short-acting benzodiazepines, and 3–10 days after cessation of longer-acting benzodiazepines. Withdrawal effects could occur after treatment, lasting only 2 weeks at therapeutic dose levels, however withdrawal effects tend to occur with habitual use beyond 2 weeks and are more likely the higher the dose. The withdrawal symptoms may appear to be similar to the original condition.
The committee recommended that all benzodiazepine treatment be withdrawn gradually and recommended that benzodiazepine treatment be used only in carefully selected patients and that therapy be limited to short-term use only. It was noted in the review that alcohol can potentiate the central nervous system-depressant effects of benzodiazepines and should be avoided. The central nervous system-depressant effects of benzodiazepines may make driving or operating machinery dangerous, and the elderly are more prone to these adverse effects. High single doses or repeated low doses have been reported to produce hypotonia, poor sucking, and hypothermia in the neonate, and irregularities in the fetal heart. The committee recommended that benzodiazepines be avoided in lactation.
The committee recommended that withdrawal from benzodiazepines be gradual, as abrupt withdrawal from high doses of benzodiazepines may cause confusion, toxic psychosis, convulsions, or a condition resembling delirium tremens. Abrupt withdrawal from lower doses may cause depression, nervousness, rebound insomnia, irritability, sweating, and diarrhea.
Diagnosis.
For a diagnosis of benzodiazepine dependence to be made, the ICD-10 requires that at least 3 of the below criteria are met and that they have been present for at least a month, or, if less than a month, that they appeared repeatedly during a 12-month period.
These diagnostic criteria are good for research purposes, but, in everyday clinical practice, they should be interpreted according to clinical judgement. In clinical practice, benzodiazepine dependence should be suspected in those having used benzodiazepines for longer than a month, in particular, if they are from a high-risk group. The main factors associated with an increased incidence of benzodiazepine dependence include:
Benzodiazepine dependence should be suspected also in individuals having substance use disorders including alcohol, and should be suspected in individuals obtaining their own supplies of benzodiazepines. Benzodiazepine dependence is almost certain in individuals who are members of a tranquillizer self-help groups.
Research has found that about 40 percent of people with a diagnosis of benzodiazepine dependence are not aware that they are dependent on benzodiazepines, whereas about 11 percent of people judged not to be dependent believe that they are.
When assessing a person for benzodiazepine dependence, asking specific questions rather than questions based on concepts is recommended by experts as the best approach of getting a more accurate diagnosis. For example, asking persons if they "think about the medication at times of the day other than when they take the drug" would provide a more meaningful answer than asking "do you think you are psychologically dependent?". The Benzodiazepine Dependence Self Report Questionnaire is one questionnaire used to assess and diagnose benzodiazepine dependence.
In the elderly.
Long-term use and benzodiazepine dependence is a serious problem in the elderly. Failure to treat benzodiazepine dependence in the elderly can cause serious medical complications. The elderly have less cognitive reserve and are more sensitive to the short (e.g., in between dose withdrawal) and protracted withdrawal effects of benzodiazepines, as well as the side-effects both from short-term and long-term use. This can lead to excessive contact with their doctor. Research has found that withdrawing elderly people from benzodiazepines leads to a significant reduction in doctor visits per year, it is presumed, due to an elimination of drug side-effects and withdrawal effects.
Tobacco and alcohol are the most common substances that elderly people get a dependence on or misuse. The next-most-common substance that elderly people develop a drug dependence to and/or misuse is benzodiazepines. Drug-induced cognitive problems can have serious consequences for elderly people and can lead to confusional states and "pseudo-dementia". About 10% of elderly patients referred to memory clinics actually have a drug-induced cause that most often is benzodiazepines. Benzodiazepines have also been linked to an increased risk of road traffic accidents and falls in the elderly. The long-term effects of benzodiazepines are still not fully understood in the elderly or any age group. Long-term benzodiazepine use is associated with attentional and visuospatial functional impairments. Withdrawal from benzodiazepines can lead to improved alertness and decreased forgetfulness in the elderly. Withdrawal led to statistical significant improvements in memory function and performance related skills in those having withdrawn successfully from benzodiazepines, whereas those having remained on benzodiazepines experienced worsening symptoms. People having withdrawn from benzodiazepines also felt their sleep was more refreshing, making statements such as ""I feel sharper when I wake up"" or ""I feel better, more awake"", or ""It used to take me an hour to fully wake up."" This suggests that benzodiazepines may actually make insomnia worse in the elderly.
Treatment and prevention.
Benzodiazepines are regarded as a highly addictive drug class. A psychological and physical dependence can develop in as short as a few weeks but may take years to develop in other individuals. Patients wanting to withdraw from benzodiazepines typically receive little advice or support.
Benzodiazepines are usually prescribed only short-term, as there is little justification for their prescribing long-term. Some doctors however, disagree and believe long-term use beyond 4 weeks is sometimes justified, although there is little data to support this viewpoint. Such viewpoints are a minority in the medical literature.
There is no evidence that "drug holidays" or periods of abstinence reduced the risk of dependence; there is evidence from animal studies that such an approach does not prevent dependence from happening. Use of short-acting benzodiazepines is associated with interdose withdrawal symptoms, which may increase the risk of kindling; kindling has clinical relevance with regard to benzodiazepines; for example, there is an increasing shift to use of benzodiazepines with a shorter half-life and intermitant use, which can result in interdose withdrawal and rebound effects.
Flumazenil as treatment for benzodiazepine dependence.
In Italy, the gold standard for treatment of high-dose benzodiazepine dependency is 8–10 days of low dose, slow infusion of flumazenil. One addiction treatment centre in Italy has used flumazenil to treat over 300 patients who are dependent on high doses of benzodiazepines (up to 70 times higher than conventionally prescribed) with doctors being one of their most common patients.
Epileptic patients who have become tolerant to the anti-seizure effects of the benzodiazepine clonazepam became seizure-free for several days after treatment with 1.5 mg flumazenil. Similarly, patients who were dependent on high doses of benzodiazepines (median dosage equal to 333 mg diazepam-equivalent) were able to be stabilised on a low dose of clonazepam after 7–8 days of treatment with flumazenil.
Flumazenil has been compared to placebo in dependent subjects, whereby typical benzodiazepine effects were reversed with little to no withdrawal symptoms. Flumazenil was shown to produce significantly less withdrawal symptoms than saline in a randomized, placebo-controlled study with benzodiazepine dependent subjects. Additionally, relapse rates were much less during subsequent follow-up.
Several studies have shown enhancement of the benzodiazepine binding site after chronic treatment with flumazenil where sites have become more numerous and uncoupling/down-regulation of GABAA has been reversed. After long-term exposure to benzodiazepines, GABAA receptors become down-regulated and uncoupled. Growth of new receptors and recoupling after prolonged flumazenil exposure has also been observed. It is thought this may be due to increased synthesis of receptor proteins.
Flumazenil was found to be more effective than placebo in reducing feelings of hostility and aggression in patients who had been free of benzodiazepines for 4–266 weeks. This may suggest a role for flumazenil in treating protracted benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms.
Letter to patients.
Sending a letter to patients warning of the adverse effects of long-term use of benzodiazepines and recommending dosage reduction has been found to be successful and a cost-effective strategy in reducing benzodiazepine consumption in general practice. Within a year of the letter's going out, there was found to be a 17% fall in the number of benzodiazepines being prescribed, with 5% of patients having totally discontinued benzodiazepines. A study in Holland reported a higher success rate by sending a letter to patients who are benzodiazepine-dependent. The results of the Dutch study reported 11.3% of patients discontinuing benzodiazepines completely within a year.
Pharmacist intervention programs.
A study found that pharmacists providing educational sessions for medical staff at nursing homes for the elderly combined with medicine audits and feedback cycles combined with an interdisciplinary sedative review resulted in a large reduction in both the number of residents taking benzodiazepines or antipsychotics at all as well as an overall reduction in total dosage.
Cognitive behavioral therapy.
Zopiclone is the most frequently prescribed hypnotic in the UK, followed by nitrazepam, and then temazepam, which is the most strictly regulated benzodiazepine in the UK due to its popularity as a drug of abuse and due to its considerably more toxic nature. Hypnotic drugs are of poor value for the management of chronic insomnia. Hypnotic drug consumption has been shown to reduce work performance, increase absenteeism, increase road traffic accidents, increase morbidity, and increase mortality, and is associated with an increased incidence of deliberate self-harm. In the elderly, increases in falls and fractures associated with sedative hypnotic drug use has been found. It is widely accepted that hypnotic drug usage beyond 4 weeks is undesirable for all age groups of patients. Many continuous hypnotic users exhibit disturbed sleep as a consequence of tolerance but experience worsening rebound or withdrawal insomnia when the dose is reduced too quickly, which compounds the problem of chronic hypnotic drug use. Cognitive behavioral therapy has been found to be more effective for the long term management of insomnia than sedative hypnotic drugs. No formal withdrawal programs for benzodiazepines exists with local providers in the UK. Meta-analysis of published data on psychological treatments for insomnia show a success rate between 70 and 80%. A largescale trial utilizing cognitive behavioral therapy in chronic users of sedative hypnotics including nitrazepam, temazepam, and zopiclone found CBT to be a significantly more effective long-term treatment for chronic insomnia than sedative hypnotic drugs. Persisting improvements in sleep quality, sleep onset latency, increased total sleep, improvements in sleep efficiency, significant improvements in vitality, physical and mental health at 3-, 6-, and 12-month follow-ups were found in those receiving CBT. A marked reduction in total sedative hypnotic drug use was found in those receiving CBT, with 33% reporting zero hypnotic drug use. Age has been found not to be a barrier to successful outcome of CBT. It was concluded that CBT for the management of chronic insomnia is a flexible, practical, and cost-effective treatment, and it was also concluded that CBT leads to a reduction of benzodiazepine drug intake in a significant number of patients. Chronic use of hypnotic medications is not recommended due to their adverse effects on health and the risk of dependence. A gradual taper is usual clinical course in getting people off of benzodiazepines, but, even with gradual reduction, a large proportion of people fail to stop taking benzodiazepines. The elderly are particularly sensitive to the adverse effects of hypnotic medications. A clinical trial in elderly people dependent on benzodiazepine hypnotics showed that the addition of CBT to a gradual benzodiazepine reduction program increased the success rate of discontinuing benzodiazepine hypnotic drugs from 38% to 77% and at the 12-month follow-up from 24% to 70%. The paper concluded that CBT is an effective tool for reducing hypnotic use in the elderly and reducing the adverse health effects that are associated with hypnotics such as drug dependence, cognitive impairments, and increased road traffic accidents.
A study of patients undergoing benzodiazepine withdrawal who had a diagnosis of generalized anxiety disorder showed that those having received CBT had a very high success rate of discontinuing benzodiazepines compared to those not having receive CBT. This success rate was maintained at the 12-month follow-up. Furthermore it was found that, in patients having discontinued benzodiazepines, they no longer met the diagnosis of general anxiety disorder, and that the number of patients no longer meeting the diagnosis of general anxiety disorder was higher in the group having received CBT. Thus, CBT can be an effective tool to add to a gradual benzodiazepine dosage reduction program leading to improved and sustained mental health benefits.
Legal implications.
Negligent management of the benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome has led to some doctors' being brought before the General Medical Council in the UK, for example, for stopping sleeping tablets abruptly or reducing anxiolytics too quickly, failure to initiate replacement therapy (e.g., equivalent dose of diazepam), failure to increase dosage to alleviate severe withdrawal effects, and failure to warn the patient of the possibility of withdrawal symptoms, having led to a finding by the GMC of negligence against one doctor.
Epidemiology.
Research studies have come to different conclusions on the number of therapeutic dose users who develop a physical dependence and withdrawal syndrome. Estimates by researchers of the number of people affected range 20–100% of patients prescribed benzodiazepines at therapeutic dosages long term are physically dependent and will experience withdrawal symptoms.
Benzodiazepines can be addictive and induce dependence even at low doses, with 23% becoming addicted within 3 months of use. Benzodiazepine addiction is considered a public health problem. Approximately 68.5% of prescriptions of benzodiazepines originate from local health centers, with psychiatry and general hospitals accounting for 10% each. A survey of general practitioners reported that the reason for initiating benzodiazepines was due to an empathy for the patients suffering and a lack of other therapeutic options rather than patients demanding them. However, long-term use was more commonly at the insistence of the patient, it is presumed, because physical dependence and/or addiction had developed.
Approximately twice as many women as men are prescribed benzodiazepines. It is believed that this is largely because men typically turned to alcohol to cope with stress and women to prescription drugs. Biased perception of women by male doctors may also play a role in increased prescribing rates to women; however, increased anxiety features in women does not account for the wide gap alone between men and women.
History.
Previously, physical dependence on benzodiazepines was largely thought to occur only in people on high-therapeutic-dose ranges and low- or normal-dose dependence was not suspected until the 1970s; and it was not until the early 1980s that it was confirmed. Low-dose dependence has now been clearly demonstrated in both animal studies and human studies, and is a recognized clinical disadvantage of benzodiazepines. Severe withdrawal syndromes can occur from these low doses of benzodiazepines even after gradual dose reduction. An estimated 30–45% of chronic low-dose benzodiazepine users are dependent and it has been recommended that benzodiazepines even at low dosage be prescribed for a maximum of 7–14 days to avoid dependence. As a result strict regulations for the prescription of benzodiazepines due to this risk of low-dose dependence.
Some controversy remains, however, in the medical literature as to the exact nature of low-dose dependence and the difficulty in getting patients to discontinue their benzodiazepines, with some papers attributing the problem to predominantly drug-seeking behavior and drug craving, whereas other papers having found the opposite, attributing the problem to a problem of physical dependence with drug-seeking and craving not being typical of low-dose benzodiazepine users.
Misuse and addiction.
Benzodiazepines are one of the largest classes of abused drugs; they are classed as schedule IV controlled drugs because of their recognized medical uses. Across the world the most frequently diverted and abused benzodiazepines include temazepam, diazepam, nimetazepam, nitrazepam, triazolam, flunitrazepam, midazolam, and in the United States alprazolam, clonazepam and lorazepam.
Benzodiazepines can cause serious addiction problems. A survey in Senegal of doctors found that many doctors feel that their training and knowledge of benzodiazepines is, in general, poor; a study in Dakar found that almost one-fifth of doctors ignored prescribing guidelines regarding short-term use of benzodiazepines, and almost three-quarters of doctors regarded their training and knowledge of benzodiazepines to be inadequate. More training regarding benzodiazepines has been recommended for doctors. Due to the serious concerns of addiction, national governments were recommended to urgently seek to raise knowledge via training about the addictive nature of benzodiazepines and appropriate prescribing of benzodiazepines.
A six-year study on 51 Vietnam veterans who were drug abusers of either mainly stimulants (11 people), mainly opiates (26 people), or mainly benzodiazepines (14 people) was carried out to assess psychiatric symptoms related to the specific drugs of abuse. After six years, opiate abusers had little change in psychiatric symptomatology; five of the stimulant users had developed psychosis, and eight of the benzodiazepine users had developed depression. Therefore, long-term benzodiazepine abuse and dependence seems to carry a negative effect on mental health, with a significant risk of causing depression. Benzodiazepines are also sometimes abused intra-nasally.
In the elderly, alcohol and benzodiazepines are the most commonly abused substances, and the elderly population is more susceptible to benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome and delirium than are younger patients.

</doc>
<doc id="20767275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767275" title="Hudem">
Hudem


</doc>
<doc id="20767279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767279" title="Ignacio Ramos (basketball)">
Ignacio Ramos (basketball)

Ignacio "Ning" Ramos is a former Filipino basketball player and head coach. He was part of the Philippine national basketball team that captured the gold medal at the 1951 Asian Games in New Delhi, India. Ramos coached the San Miguel Corporation team in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association, and later, in the Philippine Basketball Association when the team moved there. Ramos was also the head coach of the national basketball team that participated in the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20767287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767287" title="Kadlabalu">
Kadlabalu


</doc>
<doc id="20767288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767288" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Hopewell, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hopewell, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Hopewell, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20767292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767292" title="Kappagallu">
Kappagallu


</doc>
<doc id="20767298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767298" title="Kolagallu">
Kolagallu


</doc>
<doc id="20767305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767305" title="Kolur">
Kolur


</doc>
<doc id="20767308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767308" title="Korlagundi">
Korlagundi


</doc>
<doc id="20767315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767315" title="Kudathini">
Kudathini

Demographics.
As of 2001 India census, Kudathini had a population of 12247 with 6333 males and 5914 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20767317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767317" title="P. B. Gajendragadkar">
P. B. Gajendragadkar

Pralhad Balacharya Gajendragadkar (March 16, 1901 – June 12, 1981) originally from Gajendra-Gad, a historic fort and town in Karnataka, South India was the 7th Chief Justice of India, serving from February 1964 to March 1966. 
Career.
Gajendragadkar's father Bal-Acharya (Teacher) was a Sanskrit Vidwan (scholar). Their ancestors hailed from Karnataka and were Madhva Deshastha Brahmins following the pontificate traditions of Uttaradi Matha. P. B. Gajendragadkar, the youngest son of Bal-Acharya spread the fame of the family name Gajendra-Gadkar name. He followed his older brother Ashvathama-Acharys to Mumbai and carried the torch of the Gajendragadkar tradition in Nyaya (Law) to the western world. He passed M.A. from Deccan College (Pune) in 1924 and LL.B. with honors from the ILS Law College in 1926 and joined the Bombay Bar on the Appellate side. In the early days, he edited the 'Hindu Law Quarterly. His critical edition of the classic 'Dattaka Mimamsa' earned him a great reputation for scholarship. He became the acknowledged leader of the Bombay Bar, well known for his forensic skill and legal acumen. 
In 1945, he was appointed a Judge of the Bombay High Court. In January 1956, he was elevated to the Supreme Court Bench and rose to become the Chief Justice of India in 1964. His contribution to the development of Constitutional and Industrial Law has been hailed as great and unique. 
At the request of the Government of India, he headed a number of commissions such as the Central Law Commission, National Commission on Labour and the Bank Award Commission. At the request of Indira Gandhi, then the Prime Minister of India, he held the honorary office of the Gandhigram Rural Institute in Southern India. 
He served twice as the President of Social Reform Conference and organized campaigns for eradicating the evils of casteism, untouchability, superstition and obscurantism to promote national integration and unity. 
Gajendragadkar also carried forward the GajendraGadkar tradition of Vedanta and Mimasa. He served as the General Editor of 'The Ten Classical Upanishads', a series sponsored by the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan. Like his father, Gajendragadkar was also a "Mukhasta-vidwan".
Awards.
In 1972, Gajendragadkar was awarded the Padma Vibhushan award from the Government of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20767321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767321" title="Kurekuppa">
Kurekuppa


</doc>
<doc id="20767355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767355" title="Claudius Tiberianus">
Claudius Tiberianus

Claudius Tiberianus was a second-century Roman legionary soldier in Egypt, the recipient of a number of papyrus letters which were rediscovered in the twentieth century.
The archive of Claudius Tiberianus was partially published in the eighth volume (Nos. 467–81) of the Michigan Papyri. It comprises 18 papyrus-letters, mostly written by Claudius Terentianus, an Egyptian enrolled in the Roman army, who addresses him as "father." These texts constitute an ancient archive, as they include the letters which were found together in a niche under the staircase of the house of Tiberianus at Karanis between 1924 and 1935, along with further texts, which emerged from the antiquities market.
Military career.
Claudius Tiberianus first appears as a "speculator legionis", a legionary soldier on detachment as a special agent to the provincial governor. He holds this title at the time his son Terentianus enrolled in the fleet at Alexandria, around 110 AD. Shortly thereafter, he retired, and is subsequently referred to as a veteran. Terentianus writes to Tiberianus requesting both military equipment as well as contacts to help him transfer from the fleet to a legion.
Family.
It is generally held that Claudius Tiberianus had at least one son, Claudius Terentianus. In addition, a letter from a sister in Alexandria refers to two other children, Isidorus and Segathis. In all likelihood, this sister is the woman named Tabetheus who identifies herself as his sister in a different letter. Tabetheus is the mother of a man named Saturnilus, who subsequently murdered a man. Tabetheus sought help from Tiberianus in paying the blood money to settle the murder charge. While it is possible that Tiberianus is merely a patron to all the people mentioned in the letters, and the kinship terms of "father" and "brother" are honorific, in all likelihood most of the correspondents in the Tiberianus archive represent blood relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="20767367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767367" title="Kurugodu">
Kurugodu


</doc>
<doc id="20767371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767371" title="Magala">
Magala

References.
http://magalavani.blogspot.in/
External links.
http://magalavani.blogspot.in/

</doc>
<doc id="20767375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767375" title="Tropical ulcer">
Tropical ulcer

Tropical ulcer (also known as Aden ulcer, Jungle rot, Malabar ulcer, and Tropical phagedena) is a lesion occurring in cutaneous leishmaniasis. It is caused by a variety of microorganisms, including mycobacteria. It is common in tropical climates.
Ulcers occur on exposed parts of the body, primarily on anterolateral aspect of the lower limbs and may erode muscles and tendons, and sometimes, the bones. These lesions may frequently develop on preexisting abrasions or sores sometimes beginning from a mere scratch.
Clinical features.
The vast majority of the tropical ulcers occur below the knee, usually around the ankle. They may also occur on arms. They are often initiated by minor trauma, and subjects with poor nutrition are at higher risk. Once developed, the ulcer may become chronic and stable, but also it can run a destructive course with deep tissue invasion, osteitis, and risk of amputation. Unlike Buruli ulcer, tropical ulcers are very painful. Lesions begin with inflammatory papules that progress into vesicles and rupture with the formation of an ulcer. Chronic ulcers involve larger area and may eventually develop into squamous epithelioma after 10 years or more 
Microbiology.
There is now considerable evidence to suggest that this disease is an infection. "F. ulcerans" has recently been isolated from lesions and is unique to tropical ulcers. Early lesions may be colonized or infected by, "Bacillus fusiformis" (Vincent's organism), anaerobes and spirochaetes. Later, tropical ulcer may become infected with a variety of organisms, notably, staphylococci and/or streptococci. The condition has been shown to be transmissible by inoculation of material from affected patients. 
Epidemiology.
Tropical ulcer has been described as a disease of the 'poor and hungry'; it may be that slowly improving socioeconomic conditions and nutrition account for its decline. Urbanization of populations could be another factor, as tropical ulcer is usually a rural problem. More widespread use of shoes and socks also provides protection from initiating trauma. Despite this, susceptible individuals still develop tropical ulcers. Sometimes outbreaks can occur; one was recorded in Tanzania in sugarcane workers cutting the crops while barefoot. Tropical ulcers can also occur to the visitors of tropics. The disease is most common in native laborers and in schoolchildren of the tropics and subtropics during the rainy season and is caused in many instances by the bites of insects, poor hygiene, and pyogenic infections. Males are more commonly infected than females. 
Geographic distribution.
Tropical ulcer is seen throughout the tropics and subtropics. In some of these countries, such as northern Papua New Guinea, it is the most common skin disease. It is also a frequent problem amongst the homeless in tropical countries, as both the exposure to the elements and their unhygienic lifestyle make them a high-risk population. Open skin from intravenous drug use often exacerbates the problem.
Prevention.
Adequate footwear is important to prevent trauma. General good health and nutrition also reduce ulcer risk. Adequate and prompt cleansing and treatment of ankle and leg skin breaks is also important. Improving hygiene and nutrition may help to prevent tropical ulcers.

</doc>
<doc id="20767377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767377" title="Malapanagudi">
Malapanagudi


</doc>
<doc id="20767383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767383" title="Mariyammanahalli">
Mariyammanahalli

Demographics.
ವಿಜೃಂಭಣೆಯಿಂದ ಮೆರೆದು 1953ರಲ್ಲಿ ತುಂಗಭದ್ರಾ ನದಿಗೆ ಅಡ್ಡಲಾಗಿ ಮುನಿರಾಬಾದ್ ಹತ್ತಿರ ತುಂಗಭದ್ರೆಯ ಆಣೆಕಟ್ಟೆಯ ಹಿನ್ನೀರಿನಲ್ಲಿ ಚಿರನಿದ್ರೆಯಲ್ಲಿ ಮಲಗಿದೆ ಪುರಾತನ ಇತಿಹಾಸ ಹೊಂದಿದ ನಾರಾಯಣ ದೇವರ ಕೆರೆಯಿಂದ ವಲಸೆಬಂದು ನೆಲೆಸಿದ ಗ್ರಾಮವೇ ಮರಿಯಮ್ಮನಹಳ್ಳಿ. ಊರದೇವತೆ ಮಾಯಮ್ಮನ ಹೆಸರಿನಿಂದಾಗಿಯೇ ಮರಿಯಮ್ಮನಹಳ್ಳಿ ಎಂದು ಈ ಗ್ರಾಮಕ್ಕೆ ಹೆಸರು ಬಂದಿದೆ ಎಂಬುದು ಹಿರಿಯರಿಂದ ಬಂದ ಪ್ರತೀತ.ತಮ್ಮ ಆರಾಧ್ಯ ದೇವತೆಗಳಾದ ಶ್ರೀ ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮೀನಾರಾಯಣ ಸ್ವಾಮಿ ಮತ್ತು ಶ್ರೀಆಂಜನೇಯ ಸ್ವಾಮಿಯನ್ನು ಮರಿಯಮ್ಮನಹಳ್ಳಿಯಲ್ಲಿಯೇ ಪ್ರತಿಷ್ಠಾಪಿಸಿಕೊಂಡು ನಾರಾಯಣ ದೇವರಕೆರೆಯ ಪರಂಪರೆ ಸಂಪ್ರದಾಯಗಳನ್ನೇ ಮುಂದುವರಿಸಿಕೊಂಡು ಹೋಗುತ್ತಿರುವುದು, ಇಲ್ಲಿನ ಜನ ಶಾಂತಿ ಪ್ರಿಯರು,ಸರ್ವಧರ್ಮ ಸಹಿಷ್ಟರು ಎನ್ನುವುದಕ್ಕೆ ಸಾಕ್ಷಿ ಎನ್ನಬಹುದು. ಸುತ್ತಮುತ್ತಲಿನ 33 ಗ್ರಾಮಗಳ ಜನ ಒಗ್ಗೂಡಿ ಒಂದಾಗಿ ಒಮ್ಮನಸ್ಸಿನಿಂದ ನಡೆಸುವ ಜೋಡಿ ರಥೋತ್ಸವವೇ ಇಲ್ಲಿನ ವಿಶೇಷ.ಕಲೆ, ಸಾಹಿತ್ಯ, ಸಂಸ್ಕೃತಿಗಳನ್ನು ಮೈಗೂಡಿಸಿ ಕೊಂಡಿರುವು ಮರಿಯಮ್ಮನಹಳ್ಳಿ ಉತ್ತಮ ವ್ಯಾಪಾರ ಕೇಂದ್ರವಾಗಿ ಶೈಕ್ಷಣಿಕ ಹಾಗೂ ರಂಗಕಲೆಗಳ ತವರೂರಾಗಿ,ಕೈಗಾರಿಕಾ ಕೇಂದ್ರವಾಗಿ ವಿಸ್ತಾರವಾಗಿ ಬೆಳೆಯುತ್ತಿದೆ. ಹೊಸಪೇಟೆ ತಾಲೂಕಿನಲ್ಲೇ ಅತ್ಯಂತ ದೊಡ್ಡ ಗ್ರಾಮ ಪಂಚಾಯ್ತಿ ಹೋಂದಿರುವುದು ಈ ಊರ ಹೆಗ್ಗಳಿಕೆ,ತುಂಗಭದ್ರ ಮಡಿಲಲ್ಲಿ ತಮ್ಮೂರನ್ನು ಕಳೆದು ಕೊಂಡ ಇಲ್ಲಿನ ಜನರಿಗೆ ತುಂಗಭದ್ರೆಯ ಮಡಿಲ ನೀರನ್ನೇ ಒದಗಿಸುತ್ತಿರುವುದು ಈ ಗ್ರಾಮಪಂಚಾಯಿತಿಯ ಇತ್ತೀಚಿನ ಸಾಧನೆ ಎನ್ನಬಹುದು. ಸುಮಾರು 30-40ಸಾವಿರ ಜನಸಂಖ್ಯೆ ಹೊಂದಿರುವ ಈ ಊರು ಪಟ್ಟಣ ಪಂಚಾಯ್ತಿ ಯಾಗುವತ್ತ ವೇಗವಾಗಿ ಹೆಜ್ಜೆ ಹಾಕುತ್ತಿದೆ.
This village has come into existence at 1953, after construction of Dam to TungaBhadra River near Hospet.People who lived in "NARAYANA DEVARA KERE",which was a big business hub in the region during the British rule,were to relocate after its submersion from the backwaters of TB Dam .People splits to three towns namely Hospet, Hagaribommanahalli and the newly formed Mariyammanahalli. The Devotees of "SHREE BHOO LAXMINARAYANA" swami came to Mariyammana Halli.The devotees of BHOO LAXMINARAYANA SWAMI and ANJANEYA SWAMY are grandly celebrates JATRA mahotsava(FAIR) on Chitra Shuddha Navami(SRI RAMA NAVAMI) every year. its a big fair festival within the all 33 small villages. 
Useful information By- Laxminarayan Shastri.R
See also.
In this Village

</doc>
<doc id="20767393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767393" title="Clarksville Fox">
Clarksville Fox

The Clarksville Fox is a football team in the Independent Women's Football League. Based in Clarksville, Tennessee, the Fox play their home games on the campus of Northwest High School.
History.
2007.
The Fox were formed in 2007 as a member of the Women's Football League. Their inaugural season was successful, finishing 4-2 on the regular season and earning a berth in the Championship Game, where the Fox lost to the Jacksonville Dixie Blues by a score of 49-6.
2008.
After the WFL went moribund, the Fox applied for, and were subsequently accepted into, full membership in the IWFL. Playing in the Tier II Mid-South Division alongside the Shreveport Aftershock and Louisiana Fuel, the Fox finished 7-1 and won the Mid-South Division title and a spot in the Tier II playoffs. Following their 32-0 victory over the New England Intensity in the semifinals, the Fox advanced to the IWFL Tier II Championship Game, where they lost 29-6 to the Montreal Blitz.
Season-by-season.
!Totals || 18 || 9 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20767394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767394" title="Moregeri">
Moregeri


</doc>
<doc id="20767434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767434" title="Pat Apple">
Pat Apple

Pat Apple is a Republican member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 37th District since 2013. He succeeded Robert Tyson to serve as the District 12 senator from 2005 to 2013. After redistricting for the 2012 elections, he filed for the District 37 seat. He was previously involved in the Board of Education for the Unified School District 416 (1991–2003). From 2003 to 2005, he was a Miami County Commissioner for District 4.
Committee assignments.
Apple serves on these legislative committees:
Sponsored legislation.
Apple co-sponsored a resolution claiming states' rights, a resolution encouraging the formation of a U.S. Airborne Laser defense program, a resolution supporting the formation of a budget stabilization fund, and a bill concerning crimes involving alcohol.
Major donors.
Some of the top contributors to Apple's 2008 campaign, according to the "National Institute on Money in State Politics":
Energy and natural resources companies were his largest donor group.
Elections.
2012.
After redistricting for the 2012 election, Apple filed for the Senate District 37 seat. Apple defeated Daniel B. Campbell and House incumbent Charlotte O'Hara in the August 7 Republican primary and was unopposed in the general election, which took place on November 6, 2012.
The Senate District 37 seat was held by Ray Merrick from 2011 to 2013. Merrick, a former state representative, chose to run for House District 27 in 2012, with the expressed intent of being elected speaker of the House. Merrick went on to win the House seat and was elected House speaker on Dec. 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20767437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767437" title="Ramasagara">
Ramasagara

See also.
This village is situated near Hampi about 12 km & also near to Kampli about 6 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20767447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767447" title="Raravi">
Raravi


</doc>
<doc id="20767453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767453" title="Ajit Singh of Khetri">
Ajit Singh of Khetri

Ajit Singh or Maharaja Ajit Singh Bahadur (October 16, 1861 — January 18, 1901) was a ruler of Shekhawat dynasty of the Indian princely state of Khetri, Rajasthan between 1870 and 1901. He was born on 16 October 1861 in Alsisar, India. His father was Thakur Chattu Singh, a resident of Alsisar. Ajit Singh was later adopted to Khetri and after the death of Fateh Singh, he became the eighth king of Khetri in 1870. In 1876 he married Rani Champawatiji Sahiba and the couple had one son and two daughters. He died on 18 January 1901 at Sikandra, and was cremated at Mathura.
Ajit Singh was a close friend and disciple of Swami Vivekananda. Swami Vivekananda went to Khetri and met Ajit Singh thrice in his lifetime— in 1891, 1893 and 1897. Ajit Singh is known for providing financial support to Vivekananda, and encouraging him to speak at the Parliament of the World's Religions at Chicago in 1893.
From 1891 Ajit Singh started sending monthly stipend of 100 to Vivekanada's family in Kolkata. On 1 December 1898 Vivekananda wrote a letter to Ajit Singh from Belur in which he requested him to make the donation permanent so that even after Vivekananda's death his mother (Bhuvaneswari Devi 1841—1911) gets the financial assistance on regular basis. The letter archive of Khetri reveals he had frequent communication with the family members of Vivekananda.
Biography.
Early life and background.
Ajit Singh was born on 16 October 1861 in Alsisar, India. His father was Thakur Chattu Singh, a resident of Alsisar. Singh's mother was the daughter of the Thakur of Nimaj in Jodhpur.
Ascension to the throne.
Ajit Singh was adopted by Raja Fateh Singh, seventh king of Khetri. In 1870, after the death of Fateh Singh, Ajit Singh ascended to the throne and became the eighth king of Khetri. Though Khetri was small in size, the state was one of the most advanced and progressed states of Rajasthan of that time. Ajit Singh was a big admirer of arts and music. In 1897 he went to England to attend Queen Victoria's diamond jubilee.
Marriage and personal life.
In 1876 Ajit Singh married Rani Champawatiji Sahiba, daughter of Thakur Devi Singh of Auwa. Rani Champawatiji Sahiba died on 16 May 1904. Ajit Singh and Champawatiji Sahiba had two daughters and one son.
Death.
Ajit Singh died on 18 January 1901 in Sikandra, and was cremated at Mathura. At the time of death he was 39 years 3 months old. Incidentally Swami Vivekananda too died at the age of 39.
In a letter written to Marhy Hale, on 18 May 1901, Vivekananda informed—
The Raja of Khetri died from a fall a few months ago. So you see things are all gloomy with me just now, and my own health is wretched. Yet I am sure to bob up soon and am waiting for the next turn.
Relationship with Swami Vivekananda.
Since the first meeting in June 1891 till Ajit Singh's death in January 1901, Ajit Singh remained a very close friend and disciple of Vivekananda. On 22 November 1898 Vivekananda sent a letter to Ajit Singh in which he described Ajit Singh as his only friend in life.
First meeting with Swami Vivekananda (1891).
After the death of Ramakrishna, in January 1887 Vivekananda (then Narendranath Datta) and eight other disciples of Ramakrishna took their formal monastic vow at Baranagar math. In 1888, Vivekananda left the monastery of Baranagar and started his life as a wandering monk. In June 1891 Vivekananda reached Khetri and there on 4 June 1891 he met Ajit Singh for the first time.
Ajit Singh's first meeting with Vivekananda has been described in detail in some later books. According to Mani Shankar Mukherjee's "The Monk As Man: The Unknown Life of Swami Vivekananda", on 4 June 1891, Ajit Singh woke up at 6.30 am in the morning. That evening he met Pratap Singh, king of Jodhpur and spent around half an hour with him. After that he was informed that a monk has come to see him. Ajit Singh met the monk. Ajit Singh found that the monk was proficient in English, Bengali and Sanskrit languages. Ajit Singh and the monk discussed on a wide range of subjects. Then Ajit Singh asked the monk to dine with him. After dinner, around 11 pm at the night, the monk left the palace of Ajit Singh. The monk was Swami Vivekananda and this was the first meeting of Ajit Singh and Vivekananda.
On his first visit to Khetri Vivekananda stayed there from 4 June 1891 to 27 October 1891. During his time as a wandering monk this was Vivekananda's longest stay at a single place. To protect him from hot wind of Rajasthan, Ajit Singh suggested that Vivekananda wear a turban and showed him how to wear it in the "Rajasthani" style. Vivekananda learned the technique very quickly and later invented a few other variations of wearing it. Later in his life, the turban became a part of his common dress. During his stay Vivekananda closely observed the culture and lifestyle of Rajputana and later praised it in his lectures and letters.
Second meeting with Swami Vivekananda (1893).
Swami Vivekananda visited Khetri twice more in his lifetime— in April 1893 and in December 1897. In 1893, Vivekananda stayed in Khetri for three weeks— from 21 April to 10 May.
An incident that happened during his second visit, which was later widely analysed, relates to Ajit Singh organizing a function where a courtesan was to sing. Ajit Singh invited Vivekananda to attend the performance but Vivekananda refused the request, explaining that he was a monk and thus could not attend such performances. The dancing girl heard about this comment and at the function she sang a famous song by Surdas—
<poem>
O Lord, look not upon my evil qualities!
Thy name, O Lord, is Same-Sightedness.
Make us both the same Brahman!
</poem>
The incident was an eye-opener for Vivekananda and he realized that everything is but the manifestation of God.
On 9 May, one day before leaving for Bombay, Vivekananda was asked to visit the women's section of the palace where he blessed Jai Singh, the newborn son of Ajit Singh.
Assistance and encouragement to join Parliament of World's religions.
Vivekananda wished to sail to America to attend the Parliament of the World's Religions as a speaker which was to be held in Chicago in 1893. When Ajit Singh learned about this, he encouraged Vivekananda to join the Parliament as a representative of Hindusim and India and provided him financial aid and the tickets for his voyage. It was on Ajit Singh's request that Swamiji assumed his monastic name Vivekananda in preference to Sachidananda.
In a letter written to Haridas Viharidas Desai in May 1893, Vivekananda wrote—
You may remember that I had from before a desire to go to Chicago. When at Madras, the people there, of their own accord, in conjunction with H.H. of Mysore and Ramnad made every arrangement to send me up. And you may also remember that between H.H. of Khetri and myself there are the closest ties of love. Well, I, as a matter of course, wrote to him that I was going to America. Now the Raja of Khetri thought in his love that I was bound to see him once before I departed, especially as the Lord has given him an heir to the throne and great rejoicings were going on here; and to make sure of my coming he sent his Private Secretary all the way to Madras to fetch me, and of course I was bound to come.
On 10 May 1893, Vivekananda left Khetri for Bombay. Ajit Singh escorted him till Jaipur and Munshi Jagmohahlal, an employee of Khetri, escorted him up to Bombay. Ajit Singh arranged to send more money to Vivekananda after his arrival at Boston, as American dollars. In America Vivekananda lost his money and when Ajit Singh learnt of it, he immediately sent 150 more through telegraph service.
Initially Vivekananda had a lower-class ticket for his voyage but Ajit Singh had it exchanged for a first class ticket. He also gave him a substantial amount of money for meeting his personal expenses during the journey.
Vivekananda wrote a stream of letters to Ajit Singh from the West, and later from India. Ajit Singh is known for the financial support he provided to Vivekananda for his social service. On 17 December 1897 at a meeting in Khetri Swamiji noted that whatever little he had done for the uplift of India would not have been possible had he not met the Raja of Khetri. Again, he wrote in a letter to Munshi Jagmohanlal on 11 October 1897, "Certain men are born in certain periods to perform certain actions in combination. Ajit Singh and myself are two such souls—born to help each other in a big work for the good of mankind.… We are as supplement and complement."
Third meeting with Swami Vivekananda (1897).
In 1897 Ajit Singh sent Vivekananda several letters and invited him to visit Khetri again which Vivekananda accepted. At that time he was staying in Dehradun from where he proceeded to Khetri via Delhi, Alwar and Jaipur. When Ajit Singh got the news of Vivekananda's arrival, he traveled from his palace to welcome him. There, Vivekananda was formally welcomed and taken in a procession to Khetri. At Khetri, all employees of the palace showed their respect to Vivekananda by touching his feet and giving him a two rupee coin each. Ajit Singh gave Vivekananda 3000 coins as a token of respect and love.
On 17 December 1897 Vivekananda publicly expressed his gratitude to Ajit Singh. He said that "it would not have been possible for me to do what little I have done for India but my friendship with Khetri's Maharaja." On 20 December 1897, Vivekananda delivered a lecture in Khetri which was attended by Ajit Singh and several Europeans.
Assistance to Vivekananda's family.
From 1891 Ajit Singh started sending a monthly stipend of 100 to Vivekananda's family in Kolkata. On 1 December 1898 Vivekananda wrote to Ajit Singh from Belur requesting him to make the donation permanent so that even after Vivekananda's death his mother would continue to get the financial assistance on regular basis. In that letter Vivekananda wrote—
One thing more will I beg of you — if possible, the 100 Rs. a month for my mother be made permanent, so that even after my death it may regularly reach her. Or even if your Highness ever gets reasons to stop your love and kindness for me, my poor old mother may be provided , remembering the love you once had for a poor Sâdhu.
Ajit Singh continued to send the monthly allowance until his death on 18 January 1901. Historians and researchers have estimated the current value of 100 Indian rupees as something between to . Mani Shankar Mukherjee in his book "The Monk As Man: The Unknown Life of Swami Vivekananda" commented— "It is, indeed remarkable that a disciple should be so generous towards his teacher's family". Ajit Singh did not want to publicize this assistance and thoroughly wanted to keep it a secret.
Mahendranath Datta, Swami Vivekananda's brother, wrote in his book—
Khetri's Maharaj used to send 100 rupees to Swamiji's mother on a regular basis. The money was sent every month via Sharat Maharaj, Yogen Maharaj and Mr Sandel. He specially requested that this arrangement be not discussed with others.
The letters stored at Khetri's archive show that Ajit Singh frequently communicated with members of Vivekananda's family from 1892 onwards. On 28 February 1893, Mahendranath Datta, the younger brother of Vivekananda sent a letter to Khetri in which he expressed his anxiety on not receiving any letter from Ajit Singh for a long time. In his next letter dated 22 March 1893 Mahendranath told Ajit Singh the names of the books he recently read. He also informed him that Bhupendranath Datta (youngest brother of Vivekananda and Mahendranath) was admitted in Metropolitan School, Kolkata, one of the most reputed schools of the city. This shows the frequency of communication between Ajit Singh and the family members of Vivekananda.
Founding of the Ramakrishna Mission at Khetri.
In 1958 the Ramakrishna Mission was started at the Palace of Khetri which was donated by Ajit Singh's grandson, Bahadur Sardar Singh. The building has been renamed as Vivekananda Smriti Mandir and houses marble statues of Ajit Singh and Swami Vivekananda. The room at the topmost storey where Swamiji used to stay and have spiritual discourses with Ajit Singh, has been converted into a prayer room.

</doc>
<doc id="20767501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767501" title="Buckeye, Yolo County, California">
Buckeye, Yolo County, California

Buckeye was an unincorporated community in Yolo County, California, United States. It was located northeast of Winters, at an elevation of 118 feet (36 m).
History.
Buckeye was named for the buckeye bushes in Buckeye Creek. The town was in existence before April 11, 1855, when a Christian church was then built. Reverend JN Pendegast, the pastor of the Christian Church in nearby Woodland, reported the news in 1858 that a church had indeed been built in Buckeye. The local post office was established on May 17, 1855, and named after the town. JO Maxwell was the postmaster between 1857-1860 and transferred the post office to his store named Buckeye Store which he built in 1857.
In 1870 the area had a post office, a Masonic Hall, a saloon, a hotel, two stores, a blacksmith, a shoemaker's shop, a boarding house, and the Buckeye School, which was located on County Roads 31 and 90A. The town thrived until the Vaca Valley Railroad was built two miles west of the town, bypassing it in 1875. The denizens subsequently moved to the newly founded town of Winters or Madison, and the post office was closed. The residents even divided the Christian Church building materials between the two cities they were migrating to. In 1879 the only thing left of the town was the school they had built and two farmers who had stayed behind.

</doc>
<doc id="20767503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767503" title="Annie Fellows Johnston">
Annie Fellows Johnston

Annie Fellows Johnston (1863–1931) was an American author of children's fiction who wrote the popular "Little Colonel" series, which was the basis for the 1935 Shirley Temple film "The Little Colonel". She was born and grew up in McCutchanville, Indiana, a small unincorporated town near Evansville, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20767558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767558" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Prince George County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Prince George County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Prince George County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20767563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767563" title="Georgetown Review">
Georgetown Review

Georgetown Review is a literary magazine produced at Georgetown College in Georgetown, Kentucky. The journal has published continuously since 1993 and hosts a prestigious annual prose contest. It has the largest circulation of any literary magazine published in Kentucky.
Past contributors include Doug Ramspeck, Sam Witt, Carla Panciera, Ernest Hilbert, Maraget Hoehn, Gregory Loselle, Shannon Sweetnam, Paula Younger and Emma Bolden.
Masthead.
As of March 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="20767566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767566" title="Rajesh (actor)">
Rajesh (actor)

Rajesh is an Indian actor who has performed in Tamil, Malayalam films. He has completed more than 25 years in films and appeared in over 150 films. He has done roles ranging from a hero to a character actor.
Biography.
Rajesh was born in 1949 in Mannargudi, Tiruvarur district, but his family hails from Anaikkadu, in Thanjavur district. He studied in Dindigul, Vadamadurai, Melanatham and Aanaikadu. After finishing his PUC in Karaikudi Alagappa College, he graduated from Pachaiappas College. He worked as a teacher in Sacred Paul's High School, Purasawalkam and later at Kellett Higher Secondary School, Triplicane from 1972 to 1979.
In 1974, he got a chance to act in the film "Aval Oru Thodar Kathai", but he was not able to act in it. His first film was "Kanni Paruvathile" (1979) produced by Rajkannu. Rajesh acted in "Achamillai Achamillai" by K. Balachander. Later he moved into playing character artist role, and acted in many movies with Kamal Hassan.
Now he is into Hotel, Real Estate business and he is a leading builder in the city. He also wrote biographies of Hollywood actors in Tamil.
Personal life.
In 1983, he married Joan Sylvia who is the grand daughter of the famous social reformist and Dravidian leader Pattukottai Davis. They have one daughter Divya and one son Deepak, who will be making his acting debut in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20767593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767593" title="Hotovlja">
Hotovlja

Hotovlja () is a settlement on the right bank of the Poljane Sora River, opposite Poljane nad Škofjo Loko, in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Hotovlje" to "Hotovlja" in 1993. In the 19th century the German name was "Hotaule".
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Hotovlja include:

</doc>
<doc id="20767612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767612" title="Cisternerne">
Cisternerne

Cisternerne - Museum for moderne Glaskunst (English: The Cisterns - Museum of Modern Glass Art) is a museum in Copenhagen, Denmark, dedicated to modern glass art. It is located in a grotto-like former water cistern that come complete with Stalactites formed by the changing water levels. The entrance being marked by two glass pyramids, the museum is located beneath Søndermarken park next to the Zoo. In February 2009 Forbes listed Cisternerne as one of the more unusual exhibition spaces in Europe.
History.
The cisterns were originally part of the Copenhagen municipal water supply and served as elevation reservoirs that were to create the pressure needed for water to reach the upper floors of the buildings of the city. They were constructed in 1856-1859 and served their original purpose until 1981. For a while they were used for concerts, exhibitions and events before being turned into the present, permanent museum in 1996.
The collections.
The museum boasts a permanent collection of glass art by leading Danish artists such as Robert Jacobsen, Carl-Henning Pedersen, Peter Brandes and Tróndur Patursson as well as temporary exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20767614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767614" title="WKXQ (defunct)">
WKXQ (defunct)

WKXQ (1600 AM) was an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Reidsville, North Carolina. WKXQ was one of three radio stations licensed to operate in the city and one of seven that once operated in Rockingham County, North Carolina. The station was licensed to broadcast on 1600 kHz. Its power output was 1,000 watts and used a three tower antenna system, broadcasting both day and night at full power from the transmitter site located on North Carolina Highway 87, west of Reidsville.
The station was initially licensed in 1947 as WFRC. The original studios were located in downtown Reidsville at the corner of South Scales and Gilmer Streets, one block south of the city's American Civil War memorial monument. The programming audio was fed by a telephone loop to the transmitter site on NC Highway 87, which also served as residence for the engineering staff. In the early 1970s, the owners of WFRC moved the studios and offices to the transmitter site.
Around 1979 or 1980, the station owners changed the call letters to WKXQ, which was changed again to WRNC in 1982. 
In 1987, due to competition from FM stations in the nearby Greensboro, North Carolinam market, the station signed off for several months under silent authority, but later returned as a daytime broadcast only station. With failing equipment and revenue, WRNC finally signed off the air for good later that year and the owners surrendered the license to the FCC. 
In the early 1990s, all of the station's equipment and property was auctioned off, and the station and transmitter site is now owned by the Sunnycrest Church of Christ of Reidsville and used for youth related activities.
The three tower array was used only at night. During daytime operations, only the center tower emitted the broadcast signal. The night signal pattern was northwest and southeast. Until the late 1970s, the station used one transmitter, a tube type Raytheon RA-1000, but it later became a back-up when the station purchased a solid state Harris Corporation transmitter. The station switched signal patterns at night using a Gates antenna phasor. Under all three call signs, the station was an ABC News Radio affiliate station and aired news and sports from the ABC Entertainment Network. It was also an Associated Press newswire station as well as a Tobacco Radio Network affiliate.

</doc>
<doc id="20767629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767629" title="Interoperable PDK Libraries">
Interoperable PDK Libraries

IPL (Interoperable PDK Libraries) is an industry alliance established in April 2007 to collaborate on the creation and promotion of interoperable Process Design Kit (PDK) standards. Since its inception, the IPL Alliance has released a proof-of-concept interoperable PCell library, demonstrated interoperability among tools from multiple vendors, and expanded its charter to address broader interoperability issues with foundry Process Design Kit (PDKs) and design flows.
Benefits.
IPL was originally founded by Applied Wave Research (AWR), Ciranova, Silicon Navigator, Springsoft and Synopsys in order to provide an open, interoperable, next generation way of doing PDKs for analog and mixed signal design. Previously, PDK's were developed in proprietary languages, like Cadence's SKILL or Mentor's AMPL, for proprietary use with a single companies' tool suite. With the advent of OpenAccess for IC design and new programming paradigm's, the founders developed a methodology for creating PDK's that could be used by any modern analog design tool. 
The broader alliance has developed an OpenAccess testing ecosystem. The ecosystem includes tools and test cases from the participating vendors. The validation is done by loading a PCell library and PDK into this ecosystem and exercising the various design tools. As a final check, the PCell-loaded test cases are streamed out to GDSII and design rule checked with Mentor Calibre nmDRC. In addition, each vendor has individually tested the IPL mechanism with their own tools.

</doc>
<doc id="20767643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767643" title="Wisconsin Warriors">
Wisconsin Warriors

The Wisconsin Warriors are a football team in the Independent Women's Football League. Based in Greendale, the Warriors play their home games on the campus of Greendale High School. The Warriors were the defending IWFL Tier II champions of 2009.
History.
2008.
The Warriors were formed in 2007, continuing a legacy of women's football in SE Wisconsin perpetuated by the Wisconsin Riveters and Northern Ice among other teams. Their inaugural season was a struggle, as the Warriors only finished 2-6 and fourth place in the Midwest Division.
2009.
In 2009 (after they had already been assigned a Tier I-strength schedule), the Warriors opted to move to Tier II. Though they had only finished 4-4 on the regular season, their team rating/strength of schedule (being the only Tier II team to pick up two wins against Tier I-both vs. the Minnesota Vixen), the Warriors wrapped up home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. In the first round, the Warriors dominated the Chattanooga Locomotion with a 32-6 victory. that task was not much more difficult in the following round; thanks to a 28-6 win over the Carolina Phoenix, the Warriors won the Regional Championship. On July 25, the Warriors won the IWFL Tier II North American Championship, defeating the defending champion Montreal Blitz, 42-14, at Round Rock ISD Athletic Stadium in Round Rock, Texas (a suburb of Austin).
2010.
They finished 6-4 in 2010, won their division and beat the Memphis Belles in the quarterfinals of the Tier II playoffs but did not win the Tier that year as they lost in the semifinals.
2011.
They moved up to Tier I in 2011. The Warriors were featured on Fox 6 twice. They would finish 8-0 that year, their first ever undefeated season, claimed the Midwest division title and made the Tier I playoffs where they would win a quarterfinal. But once again, they lost in the semifinals and wouldn't win the Tier title in 2011.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 33 || 16 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20767661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767661" title="Jesse Lewisohn">
Jesse Lewisohn

Jesse Lewisohn (1872 – 30 November 1918), was a businessman involved in copper trading with Lewisohn Brothers, and an owner of racehorses.
Biography.
He was born in 1872 to Leonard Lewisohn and he had the following siblings: Walter Lewisohn, Frederick Lewisohn, Oscar Lewisohn (1884–1917), Lillie A. Lewisohn, Alice Lewisohn, and Irene Lewisohn. In 1908 he was in a car with Lillian Russell and the car hit Sylvester T. Corning, the subsequent court case was settled by the New York Supreme Court.
He married Edna McCauley in Atlantic City, New Jersey. She had been a friend and companion of millionaire Diamond Jim Brady.
He died during the Spanish influenza outbreak on November 30, 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20767680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767680" title="AML Awards">
AML Awards

The AML Awards are given annually by the Association for Mormon Letters to the best work "by, for, and about Mormons."
The award categories vary from year to year depending on what the AML decides is worthy of honor.
1977.
"Criticism"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1978.
"Criticism"
"Poetry Honorable Mention"
"Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction Honorable Mention"
1979.
"Criticism"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1980.
"Biography"
"Criticism"
"Novel"
"Poetry"
1981.
"Criticism"
"Poetry"
"Poetry and Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction"
1983.
"Criticism Honorable Mention"
"Drama"
"Editing & Publishing Honorable Mention"
"Humor Honorable Mention"
"Novel"
"Poetry"
"Poetry Honorable Mention"
"Sermon Honorable Mention"
"Short Fiction"
"Special Award Honorable Mention"
1984.
"Editing & Publishing"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Special Award"
1985.
"Criticism"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1986.
"Children’s Literature"
"Personal and Family-History Book"
"Personal and Family-History Essay"
"Short Story"
"Poetry"
"Personal Essay"
"Religious literature"
"Novel"
1987.
"Criticism"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1988.
"Novel"
"Short Story"
"A House of Order." Dialogue 21.3 (Autumn 1988): 129-48.
"Dust." Ascent 14.1 (1988): 1-10.
"Poetry"
"Special Recognition in Poetry"
"Personal Essay" 
"Special Recognition in Biography"
"Special Recognition in Criticism"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
1989.
"Criticism"
"Editing & Publishing"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1990.
"Criticism"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1991.
"Biography"
"Editing & Publishing"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Young Adult Literature"
1992.
"Biography"
"Children's Literature"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1993.
"Biography"
"Children's Literature"
"Drama"
"Editing & Publishing"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Sermon"
"Service to Mormon Letters"
"Short Fiction"
"Young Adult Literature"
1994.
"Biography"
"Criticism"
"Drama"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
1995.
"Biography"
"Criticism"
"Drama"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Young Adult Literature"
1996.
"Biography"
"Children's Literature"
"Criticism"
"Drama"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Young Adult Literature"
1997.
"Criticism"
"Devotional Literature"
"Drama"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
1998.
"Devotional Literature"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Young Adult Literature"
1999.
"Devotional Literature"
"Drama"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Short Fiction"
2000.
"Criticism"
"Devotional Literature"
"Drama"
"Film"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay"
"Short Fiction"
2001.
"Children's Literature"
"Criticism"
"Drama"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Middle Grade Literature"
"Novel"
"Review"
"Young Adult Literature"
2002.
"Drama"
"Drama Honorable Mention"
"Film"
"Film Honorable Mention"
"Film Adaptation"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
"In Memoriam"
"Novel"
"Picture Book"
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction Honorable Mention"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Young Adult Literature Honorable Mention"
2003.
"Drama"
"Editing"
"Film Adaptation"
"Historical Fiction"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Novel"
"Publishing"
"Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction Honorable Mention"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Young Adult Literature Honorable Mention"
2004.
"Criticism"
"Film"
"Middle Grade Literature"
"Middle Grade Literature Honorable Mention"
"Novel"
"Novel Honorable Mention"
"Poetry"
"Special Award Honorable Mention"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Young Adult Literature Honorable Mention"
2005.
"Biography"
"Criticism"
"Film"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award Honorable Mention"
"Novel"
"Novel Honorable Mention"
"Poetry"
"Smith-Pettit Foundation Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Special Award"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Young Adult Literature Honorable Mention"
2006.
"Criticism"
"Drama"
"Film"
"Film Honorable Mention"
"Novel"
"Novel Honorable Mention"
"Personal Essay"
"Personal Essay Honorable Mention"
"Service to AML"
"Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction Honorable Mention"
"Smith-Pettit Foundation Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Special Award"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Young Adult Literature Honorable Mention"
2007.
"Biography"
"Criticism"
"Drama"
"Film"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award Honorable Mention"
"Novel"
"Novel Honorable Mention"
"Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction Honorable Mention"
"Smith-Pettit Foundation Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Special Award"
"Special Award Honorable Mention"
"Young Adult Literature"
"Young Adult Literature Honorable Mention"
2008.
"Poetry"
"Short Fiction"
"Novel"
"Youth Fiction"
"Drama"
"Personal Essay"
"Film"
"Special Award in Criticism"
"Special Award in Textual Criticism and Bibliography"
"Special Award in History"
"Smith-Petit Foundation Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Lifetime AML Membership"
2009.
"Drama"
"Film"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"
"Humor"
"Memoir"
"Novel"
"Novel Honorable Mention"
"Online Writing"
"Poetry"
"Publishing"
"Service to AML"
"Short Fiction"
"Smith-Pettit Foundation Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Young Adult Literature"
2010.
"Biography"
"Criticism"
"Drama / WebFilm"
"Editing"
"Memoir"
"Novel"
"Online Writing"
"Personal Essay"
"Poetry"
"Service to AML"
"Short Fiction"
"Short Fiction Honorable Mention"
"Smith-Pettit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Young Adult Literature"
2011.
"Biography"
"Autobiography"
"Criticism"
"Film"
"Special Award in Graphical Narrative"
"Novel"
"Personal Essay" 
"Poetry"
"Short Story"
"Short Fiction"
"Smith-Pettit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Mormon Letters"
"Special Award in Literary Journalism"
"Young Adult Novel"
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award"
"Honorary Lifetime Membership"

</doc>
<doc id="20767718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767718" title="Ready Reserve">
Ready Reserve

The Ready Reserve is a program maintained by the U.S. Department of Defense to maintain a pool of trained service members that may be recalled to active duty should the need arise. It is composed of service members that are contracted to serve in the Ready Reserve for a specified period of time as a reservist or in active duty status. Members of the Ready Reserve are required to be prepared for mobilization or re-activation within a specified period of time, maintain a serviceable uniform, and maintain a degree of fitness.
The Ready Reserve, Standby Reserve, and the Retired Reserve make up the Reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States.
Composition.
The Ready Reserve is divided into three programs: 
Legal Basis.
The Ready Reserve is prescribed by law in U.S. Code Title 10 "ARMED FORCES", Subtitle E "Reserve Components", Chapter 1209. Specific provisions for creation of the Ready Reserve can be found in sections 12301(a) and 12302. Other sections describe rules for recall to Active Duty (sec. 12301(d), 12303, 12304) and suspension of retirement or separation (sec. 12305).

</doc>
<doc id="20767814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767814" title="Marilyn Brown (author)">
Marilyn Brown (author)

Marilyn McMeen Miller Brown (born 1938) is an American novelist best known for her work within her native Mormon culture. She is the creator and namesake of the Marilyn Brown Novel Award.
Brown has written 14 novels. In 2000 she served as president of the Association for Mormon Letters. Brown has also had works attributed to her not only as Marilyn Brown, but as Marilyn Miller, Marilyn McMeen Miller, Marilyn R. Brown and several other related variants.
Marilyn was born in Denver, Colorado. She holds two degrees from Brigham Young University and another from the University of Utah. She is married to Bill Brown and they are the parents of six children.
Brown has taught English at Brigham Young University and served as an editor for the Brigham Young University Press. 
Brown is also a Latter-day Saint hymnwriter. She wrote the words to the hymn "Thy Servants Are Prepared" which is included in the 1985 LDS Church English-language hymnal.
Brown has also written a large amount of poetry. She has been included in a listing of 75 significant Mormon poets.
Brown's first novel "Earth Keepers" was published in 1979. Her most recent novel "Serpent in Paradise" was published in 2006. Her novel "The Wine Dark Sea of Grass" is her fictional take on the Mountain Meadows massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="20767827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767827" title="Gulzar">
Gulzar

Sampooran Singh Kalra (born 18 August 1934), known popularly by his pen name Gulzar, is an Indian poet, lyricist and Movie director. He primarily writes in Hindustani (Hindi-Urdu) and Punjabi; besides several dialects of Hindi such as Braj Bhasha, Khariboli, Haryanvi and Marwari.
Gulzar was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2004 for his contribution to the arts and the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2002. He has won a number of National Film Awards and 20 Filmfare Awards. At the 81st Academy Awards, he won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Jai Ho" (shared with A.R.Rahman), for the film "Slumdog Millionaire". On 31 January 2010, the same song won him a Grammy Award in the category of Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.
Gulzar's poetry is partly published in three compilations: "Chand Pukhraaj Ka", "Raat Pashminey Ki" and "Pandrah Paanch Pachattar" (15-05-75). His short stories are published in "Raavi-paar" (also known as "Dustkhat" in Pakistan) and "Dhuan" (smoke).
As a lyricist, Gulzar is best known for his association with the music directors Rahul Dev Burman, A. R. Rahman and Vishal Bhardwaj. He has also worked with other leading Bollywood music directors including Sachin Dev Burman, Salil Chowdhury, Shankar Jaikishan, Hemant Kumar, Laxmikant-Pyarelal, Madan Mohan, Rajesh Roshan, Anu Malik, and Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy. Along with lyrics, he has also contributed in many films as script, story and dialogue writer. Films directed by him have also won numerous awards and have been critically acclaimed. He also had worked on small screen by creating series Mirza Ghalib and Tahreer Munshi Premchand ki among others. He wrote lyrics for several Doordarshan serials including "Hello Zindagi, Potli Baba ki and Jungle Book".
Early life.
Gulzar was born in a Kalra Arora Sikh family, to Makhan Singh Kalra and Sujan Kaur, in Dina, Jhelum District, British India, in what is now Pakistan. Before becoming an established writer, Sampooran worked in Mumbai as a car mechanic in a garage. His father rebuked him from becoming a writer saying ""As a writer you will have to depend on your brothers"." He took the pen name Gulzar Deenvi after becoming an author.
Film Career.
Gulzar started his film career as a lyricist. This was followed by writing dialogues and screen plays. Later on he also directed many critically acclaimed Hindi Films.
Film song Lyricist.
Gulzar is best known in India as a lyricist for songs that form an integral part of Bollywoodmovies. He began his career under the film directors Bimal Roy and Hrishikesh Mukherjee. His book "Ravi Paar" has a narrative of Bimal Roy and the agony of creation. Gulzar started his career as a songwriter with the music director Sachin Dev Burman for the movie "Bandini" (1963). Shailendra who has penned rest of the songs of the movie urged Gulzar to write the song "Mora Gora Ang Layle". This was picturised on Nutan.
Gulzar's most successful songs as a lyricist came out from his association with Sachin Dev Burman's son Rahul Dev Burman, whom he described as the anchor in his life.
Gulzar also has had award-winning associations with the music directors Salil Chowdhury ("Anand", "Mere Apne"), Madan Mohan ("Mausam") and more recently with Vishal Bhardwaj ("Maachis", "Omkara", "Kaminey"), A. R. Rahman ("Dil Se..", "Guru", "Slumdog Millionaire", "Raavan") and Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy ("Bunty aur Babli").
Film Director.
After writing dialogues and screenplay for films like "Aashirwad", "Anand", "Khamoshi" and more, Gulzar directed his first film "Mere Apne"(1971). The film was a remake of Tapan Sinha's Bengali film "Apanjan"(1969). Meena Kumari played the lead role of Anandi Devi, an old widow caught in between the local fights of unemployed & tormented youngsters. Anandi Devi's death in one of the fights makes them realise the futility of violence. The film was rated "Above Average" at the Box Office. He then directed "Parichay" and "Koshish". "Parichay" was based on a Bengali novel, "Rangeen Uttarain" by Raj Kumar Maitra and inspired from the Hollywood film "The Sound of Music". Written by Gulzar, "Koshish" told a story full of struggle of a deaf-dumb couple. Sanjeev Kumar won National Film Award for Best Actor for his performance in it. Year 1973 saw his another directorial venture named "Achanak". Inspired by the real-life sensational 1958 murder case KM Nanavati v State of Maharashtra, the story writer K.A. Abbas earned a Filmfare nomination for Best Story.
Gulzar's "Aandhi", based on the Hindi novel "Kaali Aandhi" by Kamleshwar, told a story of a couple separated against the backdrop of politics. Along with various wins and nominations, the film also won Filmfare Critics Award for Best Movie. Although believed to be based on the life of Ex-Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, the film was based on life of Tarkeshwari Sinha. However in the 1975's emergency, the film was banned from theatres. Inspired from Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay's "Pandit Mashay" was his next film "Khushboo". "Mausam" that won National Award for 2nd Best Feature Film, Filmfare Best Movie and Filmfare Best Director awards, along with other six Filmfare nominations was loosely based on the story ""Weather"", from the novel, "The Judas Tree", by A.J. Cronin. Sharmila Tagore for her roles of Chanda and Kajli received The Silver Lotus Award at the 23rd National Film Festival. In his 1982's film "Angoor", Gulzar took the story of Shakespeare's play "The Comedy of Errors".
None of the Gulzar's film were "Blockbuster Hits" on the Indian Box Office. His films told stories of human relationships entangled in social issues. "Libaas" was a story of extra-marital affair of an urban couple. Due to its objectionable subject the film never got released in India. "Mausam" pictured a story of a father who tries to improve the life of his prostitute-daughter. In "Maachis", a young Punjabi boy pick up to terrorism to fight the situations only to realise its temporary nature. "Hu Tu Tu" dealt with corruption in India and how a man decides to fight it.
Gulzar uses "flashback" in the narration of his stories very effectively ("Aandhi, Mausam, Ijaazat, Machis, Hu Tu Tu"). He also has mutual partnerships with various actors and other crew. The Gulzar – Sanjeev Kumar partnership resulted in few fine films ("Koshish, Aandhi, Mausam, Angoor, Namkeen") which represent Sanjeev Kumar's finest work as an actor. Actors like Jeetendra ("Parichay, Khushboo, Kinara"), Vinod Khanna ("Achanak, Meera, Lekin") and Hema Malini ("Khushboo, Kinara, Meera") worked with Gulzar to gain respectability as artists and delivered some of their best and most introspective work in films. With his situational lyrics and quality music composed by various famous Bollywood musicians in Gulzar's films, his songs have always been the key point. R D Burman composed songs for almost all the movies directed by him in the 1970s and the 1980s ("Parichay, Khushboo, Aandhi, Angoor, Ijaazat, Libaas"). Many of their popular songs were sung by Kishore Kumar, Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. These include "Musafir Hoon Yaron" ("Parichay"), "Tere Bina Zindagi Se Koi" ("Aandhi"), and "Mera Kuch Samaan" ("Ijaazat"). Gulzar says,""Music has a natural place in our lives. Right from the shloka you recite in your morning puja and the milkman who comes whistling on his cycle, to the fakir singing as he begs for alms and your mother humming around the kitchen...Music fills our spaces naturally. It will always be dear to us."" 
Other Artistic Contributions.
Gulzar was a song writer or dialogue writer for several Doordarshan programmes for kids such as "Jungle Book", "Alice in Wonderland", "Guchche" and "Potli Baba Ki" with Vishal Bhardwaj. He has more recently written and narrated for the children's audiobook series "Karadi Tales". For the peace campaign ("Aman ki Asha") jointly started by India's and Pakistan's leading media houses, he wrote the anthem "Nazar Main Rehte Ho", which was recorded by Shankar Mahadevan and Rahat Fateh Ali Khan.
Gulzar has written ghazals for Ghazal Maestro Jagjit Singh's albumbs "Marasim" and "Koi Baat Chale". Both these albums were a great success.
Although an Urdu writer, Gulzar's directorial venture shows inspiration from various Bengali writers. In 1988, he directed an eponymous television serial "Mirza Ghalib" starring Naseeruddin Shah, shown on Indian television channel Doordarshan. About the serial he says,
""...My TV serial on poet 'Ghalib' was based on history, though the earlier movie version treated him as a myth."" 
As Poet.
Gulzar has vast knowledge of Urdu Poetry. He is creator of a new type of stanza named as Triveni.
Few examples of which are, <br>
01-
""... ज़मीं भी उसकी,ज़मी की नेमतें उसकी, <br>
ये सब उसी का है,घर भी,ये घर के बंदे भी, <br>
<br>
खुदा से कहिये,कभी वो भी अपने घर आयें!" <br>" 
02-
""...मां ने जिस चांद सी दुल्हन की दुआ दी थी मुझे, <br>
आज की रात वह फ़ुटपाथ से देखा मैंने, <br>
रात भर रोटी नज़र आया है वो चांद मुझे!" <br>" 
Personal life.
Gulzar is married to actress Raakhee. The couple have a daughter, Meghna Gulzar (Bosky); when their daughter was only one year old, they separated but never divorced. Meghna Gulzar grew up with her father and, after completing her graduation in films from New York University, went on to become a director of films like "Filhaal", "Just Married" and "Dus Kahaniyaan", and authored the biography of her father Gulzar, in 2004.
Awards and nominations.
Gulzar holds the record of winning most number of Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist (11 in total) as well as Filmfare Award for Best Dialogue (4 in total). He was also awarded the 2012 Indira Gandhi Award for National Integration. In April 2013, he was appointed as the chancellor of the Assam University.

</doc>
<doc id="20767830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767830" title="Marilyn Brown">
Marilyn Brown

Marilyn Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20767837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767837" title="Moro Lorenzo">
Moro Lorenzo

Luis Francisco "Chitong" Lorenzo (died April 12, 1997), better known as "Moro" Lorenzo and also as Luis F. Lorenzo, Sr., was a former Filipino basketball player and corporate executive. Lorenzo played college ball for the Ateneo de Manila, before moving on to play for Philippine Airlines in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. He was also part of the Philippine national basketball team that won the gold medal at the 1951 Asian Games. He was also the owner of the Pepsi Bottlers basketball team in the Philippine Basketball Association, and the chairman and president of Pepsi Products Philippines, Inc. The Moro Lorenzo Sports Center inside the Ateneo de Manila University is named after him.
Lorenzo married Dr. Alicia “Alice” Paez. His son, Luis P. Lorenzo Jr., is an influential Filipino businessman and politician, having served as Secretary of Agriculture and a presidential advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="20767840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767840" title="William Thomas, Jr.">
William Thomas, Jr.

William Thomas, Jr. (born November 1947 in Columbus, Ohio) is an African American actor. He is known for his recurring role as Vanessa Huxtable's fiancé Dabnis Brickey on the long-running NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show". He portrayed the character from 1991 to 1992, during the series' eighth and final season.
Prior to his work on "The Cosby Show", Thomas portrayed Cool Charles on the critically acclaimed but short-lived 1987-1988 CBS comedy-drama "Frank's Place", which starred Tim Reid and his wife Daphne Maxwell Reid. He also portrayed Det. William Donald Potts on Steven Bochco's widely-panned 1990 ABC musical-drama "Cop Rock".
Before coming to Hollywood, William appeared on Broadway in Godspell, Your Arms Are Too Short to Box with God, and as Jacob in the original production of La Cage aux Folles.
He has also appeared on "The Bold And The Beautiful" in 2005 as an INS agent.
Movie credits include "Mambo Kings", "Bruce Almighty", and "Christmas with the Kranks"

</doc>
<doc id="20767875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767875" title="Achamillai Achamillai">
Achamillai Achamillai

Achamillai Achamillai is a 1984 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Saritha, Rajesh and Delhi Ganesh.
Plot.
Ulaganathan (Rajesh),a well respected man in his village, falls in love with Thenmozhi (Sarita) and marries her. At first they enjoy their life together but when he is persuaded into joining politics,his relationship with his father and Thenmozhi becomes bitter. Politics transforms Ulaganthan into a corrupt individual and he also begins to have an affair with another woman.
Thenmozhi ,who had married him for his good qualities, becomes disappointed. His atrocities go beyond her tolerance and how she deals with the issue forms the rest of the story .

</doc>
<doc id="20767966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767966" title="List of United States Senators in the 5th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 5th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1797 to March 3, 1799.
The United States Senate has an official chronological list of senators, accessible from its website.
Seniority rules.
"A Chronological List of United States Senators" includes the following explanation of how it assigns seniority.
From 1789 to 1958, senators whose terms began on the same day are listed alphabetically. Beginning in 1959, senators are listed according to commencement of first Senate term by order of service, determined by former service in order as senator, vice president, House member, cabinet secretary, governor, and then by state population. This latter system for calculating order of service has been used by the modern Senate for many years for the purposes of office assignment. It is unclear just when the Senate first began applying such criteria. 
Rank column: This consecutively numbers Senators, serving in the relevant Congress, according to seniority in that Congress. Seniority is based upon the method used by the chronological list. If the senator is not the first person to hold the seat, no number is included in the list.
A senator with broken service is placed before other senators starting service on the same day, but after senators with unbroken service starting before that date.
Senate No. column: The chronological guide gives an official number to each senator. This is the number set out in this column. That number is retained even if the senator has broken service.
As an historical article, the states and party affiliations listed reflect those during the Congress. Seats and party affiliations on similar lists for other Congresses will be different for certain members. During this Congress, there were two parties represented. Senators are classified as Democratic-Republican (DR) or Federalist (F).

</doc>
<doc id="20767983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767983" title="First inauguration of Barack Obama">
First inauguration of Barack Obama

The first inauguration of Barack Obama as the 44th President of the United States took place on Tuesday, January 20, 2009. The inauguration, which set a record attendance for any event held in Washington, D.C., marked the commencement of the first four-year term of Barack Obama as President and Joe Biden as Vice President. Based on the combined attendance numbers, television viewership, and Internet traffic, it was among the most-observed events ever by the global audience.
"A New Birth of Freedom", a phrase from the Gettysburg Address, served as the inaugural theme to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the birth year of Abraham Lincoln. In his speeches to the crowds, Obama referred to ideals expressed by Lincoln about renewal, continuity and national unity. Obama mentioned these ideals in his speech to stress the need for shared sacrifice and a new sense of responsibility to answer America's challenges at home and abroad.
Obama and others paid homage to Lincoln in the form of tributes and references during several of the events, starting with a commemorative train tour from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Washington, D.C. on January 17, 2009. The inaugural events held in Washington from January 18 to 21, 2009, included concerts, a national day of community service on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, the swearing-in ceremony, luncheon and parade, inaugural balls, and the interfaith inaugural prayer service. The presidential oath as administered to Obama during his swearing-in ceremony on January 20 strayed slightly from the oath of office prescribed in the United States Constitution, which led to its re‑administration the next day.
In addition to a larger than usual celebrity attendance, the Presidential Inaugural Committee increased its outreach to ordinary citizens to encourage greater participation in inaugural events compared with participation in recent past inaugurations. For the first time, the committee opened the entire length of the National Mall as the public viewing area for the swearing-in ceremony, breaking with the tradition of past inaugurations. Selected American citizens participated in the train tour and other inaugural events, and a philanthropist organized a People's Inaugural Ball for disadvantaged people who otherwise would be unable to afford to attend the inaugural festivities. Among the celebrations for the inauguration, the committee hosted a first-ever Neighborhood Inaugural Ball with free or affordable tickets for ordinary citizens.
Context.
By definition, the inauguration marked the formal culmination of the presidential transition of Barack Obama that began when he won the United States presidential election on November 4, 2008 and became the President-Elect. In accordance with of the United States Constitution, Obama resigned from the United States Senate effective November 16, 2008. He was formally elected by the Electoral College on December 15, 2008. The results were certified by a joint session of Congress on January 8, 2009.
Obama, who originally campaigned using the slogan "Change We Can Believe In" and later "Change We Need", was widely celebrated as the first African American president of the United States and a symbol of change from his Republican predecessor, George W. Bush. Obama also represented a generational change as the first man elected President who was born in the 1960s. He inherited what Peter Orszag termed an "economic mess" that became known as the late-2000s financial crisis. According to a CNN poll, he embodied youthful energy and transition at a time of economic despair, and inspired more confidence than his immediate predecessors.
Planning.
The inauguration was planned primarily by two committees: the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies and the 2009 Presidential Inaugural Committee. Although the election was scheduled for November 4, 2008, the congressional committee began construction of the inaugural platform on September 24, 2008.
Joint Congressional Committee.
The swearing-in ceremony and the inaugural luncheon for President-elect Obama and Vice President-elect Biden were planned by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies, a committee composed of United States Senators Dianne Feinstein, committee chair, Bob Bennett and Harry Reid, and United States Representatives John Boehner, Steny Hoyer and Nancy Pelosi. The committee is overseen by the U.S. Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
The Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies chose the inaugural theme, "A New Birth of Freedom", a phrase from Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address from the Civil War era. The theme, which was selected by the committee to mark the inaugural occasion and honor the 200th anniversary year of Lincoln's birth, expressed "Lincoln's hope that the sacrifice of those who died to preserve the United States would lead to 'a new birth of freedom' for the nation.'" In his reliance on the inaugural theme, Obama wanted "to give Americans reassurance that today, as in Lincoln's time, the country would find its way through any crisis".
The congressional committee released the full schedule of the January 20 inaugural events on December 17, 2008. The inauguration schedule referred to the President‑elect as "Barack H. Obama", although Obama specified previously that he intended to use his full name for his swearing-in ceremony, including his middle name Hussein. Obama decided to use his full name "Barack Hussein Obama" to "follow the tradition, not trying to make a statement one way or the other" for the inaugural ceremony. During the election campaign, Obama's detractors tried to use his middle name to imply falsely that he was a Muslim.
The District of Columbia City Council passed legislation to enable bars and restaurants to stay open around‑the‑clock to provide hospitality services to the inaugural festivities attendees. After reaching an agreement with the congressional committee, District of Columbia Mayor Adrian Fenty signed legislation to temporarily allow bars and restaurants to operate 24 hours during the weekend leading up to the inauguration, but with 4:00 am EST as the cut‑off for alcoholic beverage service. The Hotel Association of Metropolitan Washington agreed to pay for extended train service provided by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority on January 19 to accommodate visitors attending inaugural events and workers providing support for those events.
Presidential Inaugural Committee.
The 2009 Presidential Inaugural Committee organized several other inauguration‑related events at the direction of the President‑elect and Vice President‑elect of the United States, such as the train ride, concerts, parade, balls and prayer service. The co-chairs of the committee were William Daley, Penny Pritzker, John Rogers, Patrick Ryan and Julianna Smoot.
For the first time in history, the Presidential Inaugural Committee opened the full length of National Mall, which extends from the United States Capitol to the Lincoln Memorial, as the public viewing area for the swearing-in ceremony. The presidential committee set aside a section of the mall close to the U.S. Capitol for people holding reserved tickets for the inaugural event. The committee directed the opening of the entire National Mall to make the event "'the most open and accessible in history,' allowing those who not get the tickets to the swearing-in ceremony on the Capitol grounds to fill the mall". To enable people in attendance to see and hear the swearing-in ceremony, the committee arranged for placement of JumboTrons at points along the entire mall.
Despite criticism that such a large event could not be carbon-friendly, the presidential committee incorporated environment-friendly measures in its planning of the inaugural events. The environmental measures included the use of recyclable carpet for the platform, retrieval of recyclable items from outdoor areas after an event, and the use of recycled paper for invitations and inaugural ball tickets.
Fundraising.
The 2009 Presidential Inaugural Committee attempted to raise more individual contributions in smaller dollar amounts compared with the second inauguration of George W. Bush in 2005. The 2009 contribution limit was set at $50,000 for donations by individuals, whereas individuals and companies were able to give a maximum of $250,000 apiece for the 2005 event. As of January 30, 2009, the presidential committee raised more than $53 million, with at least 458 people giving the committee-imposed maximum of $50,000, including celebrity donors such as George Soros, Halle Berry, Jamie Foxx and George Lucas. Emphasizing a change from business as usual, the committee set stringent guidelines for campaign contributions, barring donations from corporations, political action committees, registered federal lobbyists, labor and trade unions, registered foreign agents and non-U.S. citizens. The committee did accept donations from people with active lobbying interests before the federal government, but not registered as federal lobbyists, such as Google executive Eric Schmidt and Microsoft executive Steve Ballmer.
Based on its fundraising efforts and crowd estimates for the Obama inauguration, the presidential committee set its budget at $160–$170 million for the inauguration, including about $45 million for the gala events. The federal government contributed about $49 million, including $1.2 million to cover the actual swearing-in ceremony. The District of Columbia and the neighboring states of Maryland and Virginia projected costs to provide support for inaugural events at more than $75 million alone for police, fire and medical services. To help fund the efforts, President George W. Bush declared a federal state of emergency as a precaution so that funds could be sought from Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Invitations and tickets.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee and members of the 111th U.S. Congress distributed invitations and color-coded tickets to both dignitaries and ordinary citizens for the reserved sections on or near the U.S. Capitol grounds to view the swearing-in ceremony. Invitations and tickets were sent to ambassadors and chiefs of diplomatic missions to the United States and their spouses, but not to other representatives of foreign countries, and invitations were distributed to U.S. politicians and an array of dignitaries across the spectrum of business and industry. House and Senate congressional members distributed free tickets for the inaugural ceremony to the public by lottery or on a first‑come, first served basis because of overwhelming requests to attend the event.
Because of high demand and limited availability of the reserved tickets, some people planned to offer their tickets for sale through ticket brokers, Internet auctions and classified listing services. Sales offers for tickets reached as high as $1,750 each for the reserved standing room section behind the Capitol Reflecting Pool, $5,500 each for the reserved standing room section in front of the Reflecting Pool and $20,000 each for the VIP section on the Capitol grounds. In one case, a former legislative aide to Representative Ted Poe was exposed by a prospective buyer after the former aide used Craigslist and e‑mail to offer five tickets to the buyer for $4,500.
Federal and state officials became concerned about ticket scalping and fraud related to sales of the tickets for the swearing-in ceremony. Senator Dianne Feinstein, chair of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies, introduced legislation in mid-November 2008 to ban sales of tickets to the swearing-in ceremony. At the same time, the joint congressional committee contacted online auction operators, ticket resellers and classified listing services to block sales of the tickets. To address the committee's concerns, StubHub and eBay agreed to ban ticket sales for the swearing-in ceremony on all of its sites. Senator Feinstein re-introduced legislation in December 2008 to ban ticket sales for the swearing-in ceremony after amending the bill to exempt tickets issued by official presidential inaugural committees for inaugural event fundraising. The U.S. Senate failed to pass the final bill, which caused the bill to die in the closing days of the lame duck legislative session.
Pre-inaugural events.
Train ride: Commemorating Lincoln.
On January 17, 2009, Obama hosted a whistle stop train tour in honor of the 200th anniversary of the birth year of Abraham Lincoln. Obama reenacted the final part of Lincoln's 1861 train tour from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Washington, D.C. to capture the mood of the 1861 Springfield to Washington train tour traveled by Lincoln to his own inauguration. For his train ride to the nation's capital, Obama rode in the Georgia 300, a vintage railroad car used by past presidents and the same one he used for touring Pennsylvania during his presidential primary campaign. On the tour, Obama was accompanied by his wife Michelle, their daughters Malia and Sasha, and a host of friends and guests.
For the train ride to Washington, Obama invited 41 "everyday Americans" that he met during his presidential campaign to accompany him on the tour and attend other inaugural events, including the swearing-in ceremony, the parade and an inaugural ball. The group of citizens who joined the tour had shared stories with then-candidate Obama about themselves and their families during the presidential campaign, and included Matt Kuntz and Lilly Ledbetter. Kuntz, who lost his own step‑brother to suicide after returning home from the Gulf War, dedicated his efforts to improve mental health screening for Iraq War veterans. Ledbetter, who learned years later that her employer had discriminated against her in pay based on gender, lost her case before the Supreme Court because she did not file her claim within 180 days of the discriminatory act. Nine days after his inauguration, Obama as president signed into law the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, allowing claims filed against employers not only within 180 days of the pay discrimination, but also restarting the 180-day period for claims upon receiving any paycheck based on a discriminatory pay action.
Obama commenced the tour in Philadelphia by holding a town hall meeting at 30th Street Station with a few hundred supporters. At the first stop in Wilmington, Delaware Vice President‑elect Biden and his family joined the tour. Biden, dubbed "Amtrak Joe" for his daily commutes on Amtrak between Wilmington and Washington, built a reputation as a supporter of increased funding for U.S. commuter rail transportation. The train continued to Baltimore, Maryland, its second stop, where Obama spoke to a crowd of about 40,000 people.
During his speeches to the crowds, he emphasized the theme "A New Birth of Freedom" using phrases associated with Lincoln such as "better angels" and "a new declaration of independence". Obama referred to patriotic forebearers in his speech when he reminded the crowds that "we should never forget that we are the heirs of that first band of patriots, ordinary men and women who refused to give up when it all seemed so improbable; and who somehow believed that they had the power to make the world anew." Thousands of well‑wishers gathered at various points along the train route taking pictures, cheering and waving American flags and homemade signs, with Obama reciting his trademark rejoinder "I love you back" to the enthusiastic crowds. The one-day train tour concluded at Union Station in Washington, D.C.
We Are One concert.
On January 18, 2009, the day after Obama arrived in Washington, D.C., an inaugural concert, "We Are One", took place at the Lincoln Memorial. The concert featured performances and readings of historical passages by more than three dozen celebrities. Attendance at the concert was free to the public, and HBO broadcast the concert live on an open feed, enabling anyone with cable television to watch the event. An estimated 400,000 people attended the concert at the Lincoln Memorial. The Washington Metro recorded 616,324 passenger trips during the day, breaking the old Sunday ridership record of 540,945 passenger trips set on July 4, 1999.
King Day of Service.
The eve of the Inauguration Day, January 19, 2009, fell on Martin Luther King, Jr.  Day, a U.S. federal holiday in recognition of Dr. King's birthday. Obama called upon communities everywhere to observe the King Day of Service, a day of citizen volunteer service honoring the human rights leader. More than 13,000 community service events took place across the nation on the day, the largest participation in the 14 years since Congress passed the King Holiday and Service Act and more than double the previous year's events.
Obama spent an hour at Walter Reed Army Medical Center meeting privately with the families of troops who were recovering from wounds sustained in the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan. After visiting the medical center, he, along with Martin Luther King, III, headed to the Sasha Bruce House homeless shelter for teens to participate with others in service activities.
Joe Biden hung drywall at a Habitat for Humanity home in N.E. Washington, D.C. Biden's wife, Jill, their daughter, Ashley Biden, Michelle Obama and the Obamas' daughters, Malia and Sasha, spent the morning at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium where they helped thousands of volunteers prepare more than 85,000 care packages destined for U.S. troops overseas. Later that evening, the president-elect hosted three separate bipartisan dinners to honor the service of John McCain, Colin Powell and Joe Biden.
Kids' Inaugural: "We Are the Future".
On the evening of January 19, 2009, Michelle Obama and Jill Biden hosted the "Kids' Inaugural: We Are the Future" event at the Verizon Center. Miley Cyrus, Demi Lovato, and the Jonas Brothers honored military families in concert. The show was broadcast live on the Disney Channel and on Radio Disney. Other celebrity participants included Bow Wow, George Lopez, Corbin Bleu, Queen Latifah, Billy Ray Cyrus, Shaquille O'Neal and Jamie Foxx. In keeping with the service theme of the day, Michelle Obama issued a call for children to become engaged in public service by volunteering in homeless shelters, visiting elderly people or writing letters to U.S. troops.
Inaugural events.
Ceremony: "A New Birth of Freedom".
The inaugural ceremony took place at the West Front of the United States Capitol on January 20, 2009. The ceremony opened with the playing of pre‑recorded music and a live performance by "The President's Own" United States Marine Band, followed by live performances by the San Francisco Boys Chorus and San Francisco Girls Chorus. Senator Dianne Feinstein, chair of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies and the first woman to preside over a U.S. presidential inauguration, acted as the day's Master of Ceremonies.
Evangelical pastor Rick Warren delivered the invocation for the inaugural ceremony, followed by a performance by vocalist Aretha Franklin, who sang "My Country, 'Tis of Thee". The program featured a performance of John Williams' composition "Air and Simple Gifts", which was both pre-recorded and performed live synched with the recording by cellist Yo-Yo Ma, violinist Itzhak Perlman, pianist Gabriela Montero and clarinetist Anthony McGill. National Public Radio described the performance by the quartet as "a transporting moment that moved many with its beauty and calm", while "The New York Times" called it the "classical-music equivalent of lip-syncing". Aretha Franklin made a fashion statement by wearing a hat with a distinctive Swarovski crystal-studded bow.
Vice President‑elect Biden took his oath from Associate Justice John Paul Stevens. After he completed his oath of office, Biden received in his honor as the new Vice President the first playing of four ruffles and flourishes and the march "Hail, Columbia" by members of the armed forces. After the performance of "Air and Simple Gifts", Chief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of office to President‑elect Obama shortly after noon. The inaugural ceremony ran longer than scheduled, which delayed the administering of the oath so that it finished around 12:05 pm EST (17:05 UTC). However, Obama assumed the presidency at the expiration of President Bush's term at noon under the Twentieth Amendment to the United States Constitution. After he completed the presidential oath, Obama received in his honor as the new President the 21-gun salute, and the first playing of four ruffles and flourishes and the march "Hail to the Chief" by members of the armed forces.
Obama delivered his inaugural address to the crowds as the President of the United States following his swearing-in ceremony. Poet Elizabeth Alexander then delivered the inaugural poem, "Praise Song for the Day", and civil rights activist Joseph Lowery, minister of the United Methodist Church, delivered the benediction. The United States Navy Band "Sea Chanters" chorus concluded the ceremony with a performance of the United States national anthem, "The Star-Spangled Banner".
Oath of office.
Chief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of office to Obama. Michelle Obama held the Bible, which was used by Abraham Lincoln at his 1861 inauguration, as Barack Obama placed his hand on the Bible and recited the presidential oath. Nearly four years earlier, then-Senator Obama had been one of 22 Senators to vote against Roberts during Roberts' Supreme Court nomination; the inauguration marked the first time a Chief Justice administered the oath to a President-elect who had previously voted against the Chief Justice's confirmation.
Roberts and Obama made several mistakes as they recited the oath. The proper wording for the oath of office is prescribed in the Constitution:
Roberts had practiced for the ceremony carefully. However, a memo noting his planned pauses in the recitation of the oath failed to reach Obama's staff before the swearing-in. As a result, Obama inadvertently interrupted Roberts during the first phrase, stating "I, Barack" while Roberts was finishing "do solemnly swear". Obama then correctly repeated the entire phrase "I, Barack Hussein Obama, do solemnly swear."
Roberts, who was not using notes, rendered the next phrase as "that I will execute the office of president to the United States faithfully," misplacing the word "faithfully" and saying "president to" instead of "president of". Obama repeated, "that I will execute", then paused. Roberts attempted to correct the wording, but stumbled: "the off— faithfully the pres— the office of President of the United States." Obama then repeated Roberts' initial incorrect wording.
Roberts ended the presidential oath by appending the phrase "so help you God" to the end of the constitutionally prescribed oath, and Obama responded "so help me God" when he was prompted. Obama had asked previously to include "so help me God" after the oath. Roberts then congratulated Obama as the new President.
Second oath ceremony.
Much public discussion arose about the errors in administering and reciting the oath. Several constitutional scholars said that Obama should retake the oath. Boston University constitutional scholar Jack Beerman suggested that while the courts would likely never even consider a challenge, he would still advise Obama to retake the oath if he were his lawyer since "the Constitution says what he's supposed to say."
Although Robert Gibbs, White House press secretary, indicated at first that President Obama did not plan to retake the oath, Chief Justice Roberts agreed to re-administer the oath at the request of White House counsel Greg Craig. The second oath ceremony took place on the evening of January 21, 2009 in the Map Room of the White House before a small audience of presidential aides, reporters and a White House photographer. Craig said that the White House ultimately decided to re-administer the oath out of an abundance of caution. Craig added that "the oath of office was administered effectively and ... the President was sworn in appropriately ... But the oath appears in the Constitution itself." No Bible was present during the retake of the inauguration.
Inaugural address.
A central theme of President Obama's inaugural address was a call to restore responsibility—both in terms of accountability in Washington and the responsibility of ordinary people to get involved. Obama's address did not have memorable sound bite phrases. Instead, he used traditional references to connect his new administration with the nation's history in a speech that was understated deliberately, according to rhetoric expert James Mackin.
Obama concluded the second paragraph of his address by saying, "we the people have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebears and true to our founding documents." The speech reinforced words such as "legacy" and "heritage", as well as values such as "honesty", "courage" and "patriotism", which "are old" values. Near the end of the speech, Obama referred to words written by Thomas Paine in "The American Crisis", which were ordered by George Washington to be read to his troops: "Let it be told to the future world ... that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive ... that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet ." Because Obama's campaign message focused on the need for change, Mackin noted that Obama sought to reassure Americans that he would operate as President within the margins of the nation's traditions.
Obama's goal for his Inaugural speech was to stir the following response among Americans: "This is why I want to go into public service and be a better politician. This is why I want to go home and be a better parent, better worker, better citizen." 
As part of Obama's call for responsibility, he said "what is required of us now is a new era of responsibility—a recognition, on the part of every American" and "those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to account." Obama quoted the lyrics of the Jerome Kern and Dorothy Fields song "Pick Yourself Up" from the musical comedy "Swing Time", saying that "starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America." In an article for "The New York Times", columnist and former drama critic Frank Rich noted the link to the lyric in Field's song from the movie, writing that Obama offered in his address "one subtle whiff of the Great Depression".
Obama's speech contained several biblical references and was compared to oratory of the "black church tradition." Obama also highlighted the United States' religious diversity, referring to the country's "patchwork heritage" as a strength and saying, "We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus and non-believers." This was the first time a United States President acknowledged American non-believers in an inaugural address.
Obama's inaugural address received mixed reviews, with some describing the tone of the speech a praiseworthy one of restraint and plain speaking, while others described the speech as low-brow and cliched. Despite his optimism, Obama was critical of former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton. David E. Sanger, chief Washington correspondent for "The New York Times", described the speech as the harshest rebuke of an outgoing President during an inaugural address since Franklin Roosevelt's call for restoration of American values. The Bush administration was upset about the tone of the speech, saying that the speech veered from that of a ritualistic but respectful thanks to that of a public diatribe. Members of the Republican party viewed the speech as a missed chance to seek unity, while Rahm Emanuel, Obama's White House Chief of Staff, described the speech as a reflection of the mandate of the people. In an analysis of the inaugural address, one reporter described the speech as one that emphasized the burdens of the moment and the cloudy future whose challenges may be met with the resolve that is part of our American heritage.
Prayers.
Obama's selections of Warren and Lowery to deliver prayers for the inaugural ceremony were controversial. Warren had a history of vocal opposition to same-sex marriage, and Lowery had a background as a civil rights activist. Neither Obama nor Warren made references during the inaugural program to issues of direct concern to the gay community. In the invocation, Warren asked for "forgiveness for Americans 'when we fight each other' and 'civility in our attitudes even when we differ.'" Warren mentioned Dr. Martin Luther King and Jesus in the invocation, and he concluded the invocation with the Lord's Prayer. Lowery used humor as he delivered the benediction. One of his messages was the statement that "as we leave this mountaintop, help us to hold on to the spirit of fellowship and the oneness of our family." Lowery concluded the benediction with a humorous message of anticipation for the day "when brown can stick around, when yellow will be mellow, when the red man can get ahead man and when white would embrace what is right". Conservatives, including Rush Limbaugh decried Lowery's benediction, which quoted from "Lift Every Voice and Sing" (the "Black National Anthem"), as racist, while Democrats disagreed. Another of Lowery's rhymes, "When black will not be asked to get in back", particularly offended the likes of Limbaugh who felt that Obama's ascension on that day symbolized the fact that America had come to that point already.
Post-ceremony traditions.
After the inaugural ceremony, President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Dr. Jill Biden escorted former President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush to a departure ceremony on the east side of the U.S. Capitol. Before the luncheon and in keeping with tradition, President Obama signed his first presidential orders in the President's Room at the Capitol, and then signed the guest book for the luncheon. The first order signed by Obama was a proclamation declaring his Inauguration Day a "National Day of Renewal and Reconciliation", in which he called "upon all of our citizens to serve one another and the common purpose of remaking this Nation for our new century". Next, Obama signed orders to officially present the nominations for his Cabinet and several sub‑Cabinet officials to the U.S. Congress for its approval. The Obamas and Bidens then attended an inaugural luncheon at the U.S. Capitol before traveling from there to the presidential reviewing stand at the White House to watch the parade.
Luncheon.
As former President and Mrs. Bush began their journey to their Texas home, the Obamas and Bidens joined several congressional guests for the inaugural luncheon in National Statuary Hall at the U.S. Capitol. Guests included top Washington lawmakers as well as former Presidents and Vice Presidents. Commemorating the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial, the red and white china used during the luncheon were replicas of those used in the Lincoln White House.
A luncheon at the U.S. Capitol has been part of the inaugural program since 1953 (before that time, the luncheon was usually held at the White House and hosted by the outgoing President and First Lady). The menu for the 2009 inaugural luncheon, which often features dishes representative of the home states of the new President and Vice President, included seafood stew, duck and pheasant entrees with Pinot noir wine, and a dessert of apple cinnamon sponge cake with sweet cream glacé. Since 1985, a painting has served as a backdrop for the head table. For the 2009 inaugural luncheon, the featured painting was Thomas Hill's 1865 "View of the Yosemite Valley", a painting that commemorated Abraham Lincoln's 1864 signing of the Yosemite Grant, which was the first time the federal government protected park lands for public use.
During the luncheon, Senator Ted Kennedy collapsed after suffering a seizure, and he was transported to a hospital for medical treatment. Early reports about the medical emergency suggested erroneously that Senator Robert Byrd, the oldest member of the Senate, also fell ill during the luncheon. These reports were later denied, and Byrd, a longtime friend of Kennedy, eventually explained that the Kennedy incident disturbed him and caused him to leave.
Parade.
The inaugural parade route ran along Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. from the U.S. Capitol, ending at the north face of the White House. During most of the parade, President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama traveled in the new armored limousine because of potential security threats. The President and First Lady twice exited their limousine, walking on Pennsylvania Avenue for portions of the parade. Vice President Biden and his wife Jill walked the parade route at several points with their children Beau, Hunter and Ashley.
The parade lasted more than two hours during the afternoon and early evening following the inaugural ceremony. Parade participants included 15,000 people, 240 horses, a mariachi band, dozens of marching bands, the Virginia Military Institute corps of cadets, and two drum and bugle corps: The Cadets and the Colts. Obama invited the marching band from Punahou School, his high school in Hawaii, to perform in the parade along with the marching unit of its Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps.
Vice President Joe Biden invited several groups from Delaware to march in the parade. The Delaware section was led by the Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association of which Biden is an honorary member, the Fightin' Blue Hen Marching Band, The Pride of Delaware, from Biden's alma mater, the University of Delaware, and the Delaware State University Hornets Approaching Storm marching band.
NASA astronaut Rex J. Walheim marched in the parade carrying an American flag and wearing a prototype of NASA's next generation spacesuit. Astronaut Michael L. Gernhardt drove a prototype lunar rover in the parade. In addition to Astronauts Walheim and Gernhardt, the crew of the STS-126 Space Shuttle "Endeavour" mission also marched in the inaugural parade.
Inaugural balls.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama attended 10 official inaugural balls during the evening of January 20, 2009. Barack Obama wore a new tuxedo made by Hart Schaffner Marx, a Chicago-based menswear company. He also wore a white bow tie, instead of the conventional black. Traditionalists considered this a fashion faux pas, as a white tie is conventionally only worn with a white waistcoat and tails. Michelle Obama wore a white, one-shouldered, sleeveless gown designed by 26 year-old New York-based designer Jason Wu, breaking with the recent practice set by former first ladies Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton, who showcased designers from their hometowns.
The Neighborhood Inaugural Ball, one of six balls held at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center, was the first stop of the evening for the President and First Lady. The Obamas danced their first song as Beyoncé Knowles serenaded them with her rendition of the Etta James classic "At Last". According to the Presidential Inaugural Committee, the Neighborhood Inaugural Ball was the first ball ever with free or affordable tickets, a contrast to recent history in which "inaugural balls generally have been closed to everyday Americans, populated instead by an exclusive circle of dignitaries and donors." A portion of the tickets for the ball was reserved for Washington D.C. residents.
The nine other official inaugural balls attended by the Obamas that evening included:
President Obama and the First Lady also attended one inaugural ball during the evening of January 21, 2009.
After they made their formal visits to the circuit of January 20 inaugural balls, the Obamas hosted an after-midnight gathering at the White House for 70 of their earliest supporters, close friends and family. Guests who attended the after hours celebration at the White House included Oprah Winfrey, Valerie Jarrett, David Axelrod, Chicago Mayor Richard Daley, Representatives Artur Davis of the state of Alabama and Neil Abercrombie of the state of Hawaii, and Michelle Obama's brother Craig Robinson. Members of the Illinois congressional delegation also attended the after hours event, including Senator Dick Durbin and Representatives Melissa Bean, Jan Schakowsky, Luis Gutierrez and Jerry Costello.
National prayer service.
On January 21, 2009, President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Biden and his wife, Dr. Jill Biden, gathered at the Washington National Cathedral for a national day of prayer. At the prayer service, the Obamas and Bidens were joined in the front pew by former President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary Clinton, who was sworn in as Secretary of State later that day. The prayer service was attended by about 3,200 other invited guests, including members of the U.S. Congress, diplomats and other dignitaries.
The theme of the interfaith worship service reflected inclusiveness and religious diversity, with a mix of Protestant pastors, female Hindu and Muslim religious leaders, rabbis and Catholic and Episcopal bishops who delivered scripture readings and prayers throughout the service. Prayers for the service drew from passages from the 1789 inauguration prayer service of George Washington and the 1865 inaugural address of Abraham Lincoln, including phrases such as "with malice toward none, with charity for all". The featured sermon for the inaugural prayer service was delivered by Reverend Sharon E. Watkins, general minister and president of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) and the first woman to deliver the sermon for the inaugural prayer service. In her sermon, Watkins integrated passages from a variety of sources, such as passages summoned from sources rooted in the Hindu, Jewish, Muslim and Cherokee faiths.
Unofficial events.
In addition to the official events, groups and supporters held an array of gatherings and celebrations throughout Washington, D.C. and the surrounding region in the days before and the evening following the inauguration. One such event, a newly created "People's Inaugural Ball" was held for economically and physically disadvantaged people from across the United States who otherwise would be unable to afford to attend the inaugural festivities. Earl W. Stafford, a businessman from Fairfax County, Virginia, spent an estimated $1.6 million through his family's foundation to bring approximately 300 guests to Washington, D.C., hosting the ball on January 19, 2009 for a total of about 450 people. Clothing, shoes, tuxedos and hotel rooms for attendees were provided as part of the invitation.
Attendance.
Dignitaries, family and celebrity guests.
Former Presidents Jimmy Carter, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush and former Vice Presidents Walter Mondale, Dan Quayle, Al Gore and Dick Cheney, along with their wives, attended the inauguration. Cheney was in a wheelchair because of an injury that he suffered while moving boxes.
John Lewis, the only living speaker from the historic 1963 rally at the March on Washington, was present on the stage during the inauguration. More than 180 of the Tuskegee Airmen attended as invited guests for the inauguration. The five-person crew of US Airways Flight 1549 attended the swearing-in ceremony, including Chesley Sullenberger, the pilot who landed the aircraft in the Hudson River near Manhattan after losing both engines due to a bird strike just after departing LaGuardia Airport.
Eighty-seven-year-old Sarah Obama led a group of Obama's Kenyan relatives from his father's home village of Kogelo. Other relatives who traveled from Kenya as guests included Obama's aunt, Maggie Obama, his uncle, Said Obama, as well as his half-brother Malik Obama. Also, Kenya youth activist and Chair of the Martin Luther King, Jr Africa Foundation, Mwangi Mukami, attended the Inaugural events. Mwangi Mukami had served as Chair of the Obama Worldwide Supporters Campaign though it was unrelated to the official campaign. Joe Biden's son, Beau, Attorney General for the state of Delaware and an officer and Judge Advocate in the Delaware Army National Guard, received a special furlough from serving in Iraq to participate in the ceremonies.
Celebrity guests included the actors Dustin Hoffman, Samuel L. Jackson, Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington, talk show host Oprah Winfrey, singer Beyoncé Knowles, and director Steven Spielberg.
Crowds and general ticket holders.
No official count was taken of the number of people attending the inaugural ceremony, although multiple sources concluded that the ceremony had the largest audience of any event ever held in Washington, D.C. Government agencies and federal officials, who coordinated security and traffic management, determined the attendance count to be 1.8 million people based on information collected by several cameras and individuals on the ground. "The Washington Post" reported the estimated crowd size for the inaugural ceremony, and the National Park Service said it did not contest the estimate.
Stephen Doig, a professor at Arizona State University, estimated that 1.1 million people attended the inauguration ceremony using the same satellite image. Although the image was taken a little less than 45 minutes before Obama's swearing-in ceremony, Doig adjusted his estimate to include people who were still arriving in the area before the event. In spite of his crowd estimate, Doig stated that "if I had to bet, I would say the Obama crowd is in fact bigger than those that showed up for [Johnson or any of the other things ... I'm wholly prepared to think it was the largest crowd." Approximately 1.2 million people had attended the second inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson in 1965.
Amid the massive crowds that arrived at the U.S. Capitol for the inauguration, about 4,000 ticket holders were unable to gain entry to reserved areas on the Capitol grounds after security personnel closed the gates at the start of the formal ceremony. Many ticket holders were stuck in underground tunnels where pedestrian traffic was directed to and from the National Mall. People dubbed one such tunnel "the Purple Tunnel of Doom", after the purple tickets that would-be viewers held. Others remained stuck in long lines as they waited to gain entry to the reserved areas. Senator Dianne Feinstein, in her capacity as chair of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies, launched an investigation to address complaints by the affected ticket holders. The committee later announced that ticket holders who were unable to enter the Capitol grounds to view the ceremony would receive a copy of the swearing-in invitation and program, photos of President Obama and Vice President Biden and a color print of the inaugural ceremony.
Security.
As with the 54th and 55th Presidential Inaugurations, in 2001 and 2005, respectively, the 56th Presidential Inauguration in 2009 was designated as a National Special Security Event (NSSE), resulting in the United States Secret Service being the lead Federal agency for the development and implementation of the overall security plan; the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) being the lead Federal agency for counter terrorism, intelligence, and criminal investigation; and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) being the lead Federal agency for crisis management in the aftermath of any terrorist attack, natural disaster or other catastrophic incident. The United States Capitol Police had primary responsibility for security and emergency response within the Capitol Complex to include the Inaugural Platform and the Inaugural Luncheon. The NSSE designation was made by Michael Chertoff, Secretary of Homeland Security, on December 10, 2008. The inauguration took place in an era of enhanced security in the decade following the September 11 attacks. Because of the size of the crowds expected in Washington, D.C. for the inaugural activities, planners raised concerns about public safety and security. Army General Richard Rowe, head of the joint military task force for the Washington, D.C. area, explained that security forces had to stretch their imagination to anticipate previously unthinkable security threats, especially in light of the Mumbai attacks in India that occurred in November 2008. Attention was heightened by terrorist threats.
The police presence in the District of Columbia temporarily doubled, augmented by the addition of 8,000 police officers from around the United States. The police force was assisted by 1,000 FBI agents to provide security for the event, and the Secret Service Countersniper team was assigned to hidden locations throughout the area. The Transportation Security Administration had over 300 officers from its National Deployment Force on hand to assist the Secret Service with security inspections of attendees entering the National Mall. Ten thousand National Guard troops were on site, with 5,000 troops providing security duty in a ceremonial capacity and 1,300 unarmed troops aiding Park Police in crowd control at the National Mall. C Company of the 1–175 Infantry provided security between the first and second public viewing areas of the National Mall at the 7th Street, N.W. intersection, while the remaining members performed other security functions. The Federal Aviation Administration implemented additional airspace restrictions over Washington, D.C. between 10:00 am and 6:00 pm on January 20, 2009. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates was chosen as the designated survivor to ensure continuity of government in case of catastrophe, and he spent Inauguration Day at a U.S. military installation outside of the Washington, D.C. area.
No one from the crowds at the swearing-in ceremony or parade was arrested on Inauguration Day. According to a senior federal agent associated with managing security, the fact that no arrests were made by any agency during the inaugural events was unheard of for a record crowd of nearly two million gathering in Washington, D.C. In the 2009 book "In the President's Secret Service", author and journalist Ronald Kessler said intelligence officials received information that individuals associated with Al-Shabaab, a Somalia-based Islamist insurgency group, might try to disrupt the inauguration. More than a dozen counter-sniper teams were stationed along the inauguration parade route in response, and the criminal records of nearby employees and hotel guests were scrutinized, but no such attack took place. Kessler also reported a number of perceived inadequacies in the security during the inauguration, including an instance in which more than 100 major campaign donors and VIPs were able to board "secure" buses without being checked.
Viewership.
Television audience.
Nielsen television ratings indicated that 29.2% of televisions in the 56 largest media markets in the United States were tuned to the inauguration, the largest audience since Ronald Reagan's first inauguration in 1981 and nearly double the viewership of the 2005 inauguration of George W. Bush. The Raleigh-Durham market had the largest TV audience with more than 51% of households tuned into the day's events, a number attributed in part to a snowstorm that kept people inside and in part to the large African American population in that community. Of the top 10 media markets in terms of viewership, four were in North Carolina, two were in Virginia and one was in Maryland, with the Washington D.C. market ranking second highest in television viewership. In addition, schools and workplaces across the country allowed viewing of the inauguration because the event occurred on a weekday.
As measured between 10:00 am and 5:00 pm EST, U.S. television viewership for the Obama inaugural events achieved an average of 37.8 million across 17 broadcast and cable channels, not including online viewers who watched live streaming video of the events. Although the Obama inaugural events achieved an average U.S. television viewership of 37.8 million across both broadcast networks and cable channels, viewership for the events was lower than the U.S. television viewership for the 1981 Reagan inaugural festivities, which averaged 41.8 million across the ABC, CBS and NBC broadcast networks alone.
Measurements of television viewership in Europe showed that Germany drew the largest audience for the Obama inauguration at 11 million viewers, followed by France at 7 million and the United Kingdom at 5.1 million.
According to the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), 6.5 million viewers in the United Kingdom watched highlights of the inauguration during its early evening news program.
Internet traffic.
The Obama inauguration resulted in a surge of Internet traffic to news and social networking websites and a record number of video streams. CNN reported that it generated more than 21 million video streams by 3:30 pm EST that day—an all-time record, in addition to receiving 136 million page views that day. At one point during the surge of traffic to view the Obama inauguration, the BBC reported downtime during its own live video feed at its website. The heavy website traffic caused the BBC video feed to cut out for 30 minutes, with web visitors seeing the message "Please come back later" instead of the live video footage.
The technology company Akamai reported that 5,401,250 web users logged on news sites in less than one minute, the fifth highest peak among news websites since the company started tracking data in 2005. During at-peak usage, news websites served seven million simultaneous video streams, which was the highest number of simultaneous video streams in Akamai's history. The Obama inaugural ceremony not only achieved the highest Internet viewership for a U.S. presidential inauguration, the inaugural event was the first to feature a live audio description of a swearing-in ceremony and the first to include closed captioning in the live webcast of the event.
International reaction.
The international community paid unprecedented attention to the inauguration of Barack Obama. Millions of people, including citizens of numerous countries around the world and American expatriates living in those countries, watched the Obama inauguration live on television and on the Internet. In some countries, the Obama inauguration garnered as much viewership as the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Celebrations surrounding the inauguration, praise of the event's significance and congratulations to Obama on his inauguration were internationally diverse. In Kenya, the home country of Obama's father, people celebrated the inauguration as a public holiday. Indonesians and Americans in Jakarta watched the inauguration at a free midnight ball featuring performances by students from State Elementary School Menteng 01, the school that Obama attended as a child. The city of Obama in Japan celebrated the event with fireworks, bell-ringing and hula-dancing at the Hagaji Temple. Governor General Michaëlle Jean and Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada extended congratulations on behalf of Canadians, while Mexican President Felipe Calderón wished Obama "great success in the work as the new President of the United States". Israeli President Shimon Peres described Obama's inauguration as a "great day" for the United States, and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown noted that "The whole world is watching the inauguration of President Obama, witnessing a new chapter in both American history and the world's history."
Leaders of some countries reserved enthusiasm for the Obama inauguration, with coverage of the event even muted in some places. Cuban President Raúl Castro, brother of former Cuban president Fidel Castro, declared that "looks like a good man, I hope he is lucky", while Ricardo Alarcón, president of the Cuban legislature, admitted in his comments about Obama that "the incoming [U.S. president 'is a big question mark.'" Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki expressed hope for openness for a new direction, noting that "if Obama chooses the right path, compensates the past, lifts hostility and U.S. hegemony, and revises the previous political mistakes, we will have no hostility." State-owned Channel One Russia, Russia's flagship early evening news show, covered Obama's presidential inauguration as a minor news story, devoting much of the day's airtime instead to the gas war with Ukraine. The People's Republic of China covered the Obama inauguration live on its state‑controlled China Central Television, providing simultaneous translation into Mandarin Chinese with a brief delay to allow censoring of Obama's comments. When President Obama mentioned "earlier generations faced down fascism and communism", Chinese state television officials cut away abruptly from the televised speech and switched to a discussion in the studio. State-controlled print, radio and television media in North Korea provided no coverage or mention of the Obama inauguration in the hours after the event, opting instead to cover news about Equatorial Guinea welcoming the North Korean ambassador.
Ordinary citizens in Iraq even viewed the new president with cautious optimism. One Iraqi citizen opined that "If can do as well as he talks, then all our problems are over", adding a belief that "[Obama is a good man, but many people in Iraq believe all American presidents are the same and that we are a playground for their interests." Another citizen noted that "Obama won't get the same treatment,' ... 'But he won't have too long to prove himself to us.'"
External links.
Speeches

</doc>
<doc id="20767987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767987" title="Jarčje Brdo">
Jarčje Brdo

Jarčje Brdo (in older sources also "Jarče Brdo", ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills between the Selca Sora and the Poljane Sora valleys in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Valentine. It was built between 1854 and 1857 on the site of an earlier church and has a triple nave. The belfry from the earlier church, dating to 1728, is preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20767992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767992" title="Caterina Visconti">
Caterina Visconti

Caterina Visconti, Duchess of Milan (1361 – 17 October 1404) was a member of the Italian noble family Visconti, which ruled Milan from 1277 to 1447. She was the second wife of Gian Galeazzo Visconti, the first Duke of Milan, and was the mother of two succeeding Dukes of Milan, Gian Maria Visconti and Filippo Maria Visconti. Her granddaughter was Bianca Maria Visconti, who became Duchess of Milan in 1447. Caterina served as Regent of Milan from 1402 to 1404, during her elder son's minority, but due to Gian Maria's suspicion of her alleged treason (planted in his mind by her enemy, the condottiero Facino Cane), he had his mother arrested and imprisoned in the castle of Monza, where she was presumably poisoned in 1404.
Family.
Caterina was born in Milan, one of the seventeen children of Bernabò Visconti, Lord of Milan, and Beatrice Regina della Scala (1331 – 18 June 1384). Her paternal grandparents were Stefano Visconti, Lord of Milan, and Valentina Doria, and her maternal grandparents were Mastino II della Scala and Taddea da Carrara.
Her niece, Isabeau of Bavaria, daughter of her eldest sister, Taddea, was a Queen consort of France upon her marriage in 1385 to King Charles VI. Following the murder of her maternal grandfather, Isabeau became one of the most implacable enemies of Caterina's husband Gian Galeazzo and his daughter, Valentina, Duchess of Orleans.
Marriage.
Early in 1379, a possible marriage was discussed between Caterina and King Richard II of England. The King's tutor and advisor, Sir Simon Burley went to Milan to negotiate, but he had misgivings about the match. Bernabò also rejected it, as he favoured another alliance for his daughter. On 2 October 1380, in the Church of San Giovanni in Conca, at the age of about nineteen, Caterina married her first cousin, Gian Galeazzo Visconti, whose first wife Isabelle of Valois had died in 1373 in childbirth, leaving him three sons who all died young, and a daughter, Valentina Visconti, who, in 1389, married Louis, Duke of Orleans. From Isabelle, Gian Galeazzo had inherited the title of Count of Vertus in Champagne.
In 1385, Gian Galeazzo deposed Caterina's father, Bernabò as Lord of Milan. Bernabò was imprisoned at the Castle of Trezzo where he was allegedly poisoned on orders of Gian Galeazzo.
Caterina became the Duchess of Milan on 11 May 1395, when her husband was created the first duke by Wenceslaus, King of the Romans for 100,000 florins. To commemorate the event, a missal was painted by Anovelo da Imbonate, depicting, in the foreground, the kneeling figures of Caterina and Gian Galeazzo. It is now in the library of the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio in Milan.
Her husband granted her the castle of Monza and the signoria of Vicenza.
Caterina and her husband commissioned the construction of the Certosa di Pavia, which began on 27 August 1396.
She and Gian Galeazzo had three children:
Regency and death.
When Gian Galeazzo died of a fever on 3 September 1402, Caterina became Regent for her son Gian Maria who was fourteen years old. The Duchy was riven by strife and numerous revolts as rival factions between Gian Galeazzo's legitimate and illegitimate heirs contested for land and power during her regency. Caterina's faction was led by Francesco Barbavara, Count of Valsesia, and a member of the regency council. The faction led by her enemy, the condottiero Facino Cane, however prevailed; thus he, along with the illegitimate sons of Gian Galeazzo, created doubts about Caterina's loyalty in her son's mind. Convinced of his mother's treachery, Gian Maria had Caterina arrested on 18 August 1404 and imprisoned in her own castle of Monza, where she died on 17 October 1404, allegedly of poisoning. She was about forty-three years old.
Her son Gian Maria was assassinated in 1412 by a group of Milanese Ghibellines. Caterina's second son Filippo Maria succeeded him as Duke of Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="20767999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20767999" title="Fake food in Japan">
Fake food in Japan

Plastic food replicas appear in the windows and display cases of establishments which serve food throughout Japan. Once made from wax, today they are usually made out of plastic. The plastic models are mostly handmade from polyvinyl chloride and carefully sculpted to look like the actual dishes. The models are custom-tailored to restaurants and even common items such as ramen will be modified to match each establishment's food. During the molding process, the imitation ingredients are often chopped up and combined in a manner similar to actual cooking. 
The craftsmanship has been raised to an art form. Japanese plastic food by the Maizuru Company was exhibited at London's Victoria and Albert Museum in 1980. Regular competitions are held in making fake food dishes out of plastic and other materials. The food displays are called , derived from the English word "sample". 
The plastic food manufacturers fiercely guard their trade secrets as business is lucrative; the plastic food industry in Japan, by conservative estimates, has revenues of billions of yen per year. A single restaurant may order a complete menu of plastic items costing over a million yen.
In recent years, Japanese plastic food manufacturers have been targeting markets overseas, such as China and South Korea.
Plastic food manufacturers.
While some large companies exist, others are small shops with a single proprietor. Fake food items can be found and purchased in Kappabashi-dori, the food supply street in Tokyo and also at Doguyasuji located in Namba, Osaka. Factories can be found in Gujō, Gifu. 

</doc>
<doc id="20768002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768002" title="Trina Belamide">
Trina Belamide

Trina Belamide is a Filipino songwriter and record producer. According to the "Manila Times" she has written songs for most of the Philippines' top recording artists.
Belamide began taking piano lessons at age 8 and started writing songs at 15. In highschool and college she was active in glee clubs as both a singer and songwriter. She said that this exposed her to a wider range of music and helped her make her first contacts in the music industry. She graduated from Ateneo College in 1990 and worked as an advertising copywriter for a short time before deciding to devote her full time to songwriting.
Belamide's professional career in music began in 1991, a year after her graduation in Ateneo, when Joey Albert recorded one of her songs after her friend Moy Ortiz of The CompanY asked her to submit songs for the said artist. 
In 1995, Belamide's song "Tell the World of His Love" won the top prize in the search for the theme song for the 1995 World Youth Day to celebrate the visit of the Pope John Paul II to the Philippines.
In 1999 she won second place in the USA Songwriting Competition held in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
In 2001 she produced the album "Pagbabago", named in honor of the Pagbabago@Pilipinas group which called for social and political reform in the Philippines. She wrote 8 of its 12 songs, which were performed by various artists. Most of the songs expressed the theme of personal responsibility.
In 2005 the restaurant chain Jollibee commissioned her to write a Christmas song for its annual book and toy drive. The song, “Maligaya at MaAga and Pasko”, was recorded by Aga Muhlach, Donna Cruz-Larrazabal, Sarah Geronimo, and Mark Bautista, who donated their services to help the cause. In 2008 she wrote the theme song for the Global Peace Festival, "Where Peace Begins.".
Belamide has written many commercial jingles. She is also a pioneer of the recent trend in the Philippines where couples commission a theme song for their wedding. Her website features a "Song Shop" in which she offers to custom write songs for weddings, gifts, and organizational theme songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20768007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768007" title="Acquackanonk tribe">
Acquackanonk tribe

The Acquackanonk were a Lenape group whose territory was on the Passaic River in northern New Jersey. They spoke the same dialect (Unami) and shared the same totem (turtle) as the neighboring Hackensack, Tappan and Rumachenanck (later called the Haverstraw).
It may mean "a place in a rapid stream where fishing is done with a net". 
Alternatively, "at the lamprey stream" from contemporary "axkwaakahnung" (spellings include Achquakanonk, Acquackanonk) Lastly it may mean "where gum blocks were made for pounding corn".
"Ackquekenon" was spelling used by European explorer Jasper Danckaerts in 1679.
Part of the territory which they inhabited came into the possession of the Surveyor General of New Netherland Jacques Cortelyou, some "12,000 morgens at Aquackanonk on the Passaic, purchased by himself and associates of the Indians." A deed for the land (for Hans Didereck and others) is dated March 25, 1676. It was first settled in 1678 by Dutch traders, who in 1693 formed a Dutch Reformed congregation 
Acquackanonk Township was incorporated in 1693. It was located in the northern part of Essex County, New Jersey. In 1837, Passaic County was created, incorporating this township and some portions of both Bergen County and Essex County. When formed, the township included parts of present day Clifton, Paterson and Passaic.

</doc>
<doc id="20768010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768010" title="Aviation Building">
Aviation Building

The Aviation Building, also known as the Fritz Hotel, was a building located in Miami, Florida, United States. The building stood from 1927 to the mid-1970s when it was torn down and replaced. The address of the building was 3240 NW 27th Avenue which was at the east end of runway 9/27 at Miami International Airport. The building was used for a number of purposes, none of which was a hotel.
History.
Construction.
Construction for the Fritz Hotel began in 1925 by M.R. Harrison Construction Company. By 1927 three quarters of the construction was completed, but halted due to the Great Depression. The unfinished building was never used as a hotel, but did serve many other purposes throughout its 50 year history. After being unoccupied for 10 years the building was rented out to small businesses in sections.
Hen House.
The first use of the building was a temporary hen house where it held up to 60,000 hens. Because such a wealthy building was used for hens, it was often nicknamed the "Million Dollar Hen House".
Embry-Riddle.
In November 1940 the Technical Division of Embry-Riddle School of Aviation (now Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University) moved into the south wing of the building. The Technical Division handled aircraft mechanic training. By 1941 Embry-Riddle had acquired the entire building, filled it with offices, classrooms, workshops, military barracks, a cafeteria, library, and clinic, and renamed it the Aviation Building. In April 1965 the school was packed into trucks and moved to Daytona Beach, Florida overnight.
National Weather Service.
On June 1, 1958 the National Weather Service (NWS) Forecast Office of Miami, Florida moved into part of the building, while Embry-Riddle remained there. A WSR-57 network radar was installed on top of the building on June 26, 1959. The NWS moved its offices out of the building on December 23, 1964.
Clothing factory.
After the NWS and Embry-Riddle moved out the building remained vacant for a few years. In the late 1960s the building was used as a clothing factory. Lorenzo Blanco now owns
Removal.
In the mid to late 1970s the building was torn down and replaced with a county juvenile detention center and courthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20768012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768012" title="Lagenandra">
Lagenandra

Lagenandra is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It consists of 16 species of plants that are endemic to Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and India. The genus is similar to "Cryptocoryne", but can be distinguished from it by its involute vernation. "Cryptocoryne" on the other hand exhibit convolute vernation.
Description.
Helophytes, rarely rheophytes, with thick creeping rhizome; leaf blade simple, ovate to almost linear, fine venation transverse-reticulate; spathe tube with connate margins; spadix entirely enclosed in spathe tube; flowers unisexual, perigone absent. Differs from "Cryptocoryne" in having female flowers spirally arranged (pseudo-whorl in "Lagenandra nairii", whorled in "Lagenandra gomezii") and free; spathe tube "kettle" with connate margins (containing spadix) occupying entire spathe tube; spathe blade usually opening only slightly by a straight or twisted slit; berries free, opening from base; leaf ptyxis involute.
Species.
A key to the species described up till 1986 was provided by Crusio and de Graaf.

</doc>
<doc id="20768023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768023" title="The Southside Messenger">
The Southside Messenger

The Southside Messenger is a local newspaper based in Keysville, Virginia targeting several counties in Southside Virginia, including Charlotte County, Virginia, Lunenburg County, Virginia, and Prince Edward County, Virginia.
The paper issued its first copy on June 2, 2004. Since then, the paper has increased in circulation to nearly 3000, passing several other newspapers in terms of circulation and now employing six people full time. The paper has won several awards for its coverage. [http://www.southsidemessenger.com/our_newspaper/about_us/]

</doc>
<doc id="20768035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768035" title="47 Natkal">
47 Natkal

47 Natkal () is a 1981 Indian Tamil drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Chiranjeevi, Jayaprada, Sarath Babu and Ramaprabha. It was simultaneously made in Telugu as "47 Rojulu". Actress Saritha plays herself in a guest role. The film is based on a novel by Sivashankari. The film marked the Tamil debut for Chiranjeevi.
Plot.
Actress Saritha comes to a small town to talk to Vaishali (Jayapradha), because she is about to play her in a film based on her life. Vaishali suffers from hysteria and angrily shuts out Saritha. The story is now told in flashback, when Vaishali's brother tells Saritha about her marriage to Kumar (Chiranjeevi), lasting only 47 days (hence the film's title). Kumar takes Vaishali to a country manor in France (Férolles). She does not know French or English. Kumar already has a French first wife Lucy (Anne Patricia) living there on the top floor. He deceives both wives: He tells Vaishali that Lucy is a friend, while he tells Lucy that Vaishali is his sister. Eventually, Vaishali figures out his bigamy and does not want to stay with him as his second wife. She does not know of anyone who knows her language and who can help her escape.
Kumar tortures and threatens her to make her act as his mentally deranged sister. He treats her in a very sadistic manner. A Desi pickpocket (Ramaprabha) sees Kumar abusing Vaishali and tells her about an Indian doctor named Shanker (Sarath Babu) who can help her. In the meantime, Vaishali becomes pregnant, and Kumar is afraid that Lucy will discover his deception. He tries to force Vaishali to have an unsafe abortion. Dr. Shanker rescues her and tells Lucy everything about Kumar's bigamy. Lucy ends their marriage. Dr. Shanker brings Vaishali back to India; she moves back in with her brother and mother. No mention is made as to what happened to her pregnancy and no baby is seen or heard. It is presumed that she may have later had an abortion, since she did not want to be connected to her ex-husband Kumar. When Saritha asks why she didn't remarry (perhaps to her rescuer Dr. Shanker), Vaishali angrily replies that a woman does not always have to be married. However, she placates Saritha by saying that she wouldn't mind if her character is shown as remarried in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20768038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768038" title="Live event support">
Live event support

Live performance events including theater, music, dance, opera, use production equipment and services like: staging, scenery, mechanicals, sound, lighting, video, special effects, transport, packaging, communications, costume and makeup to convince live audience members that there is no better place that they could be right now. This Live Event Support article provides information about many of the possible production support tools and services and how they relate to each other.
Live performance events have a long history of visual scenery, lighting, costume amplification and a shorter history of visual projection and sound amplification reinforcement. This article describes the technologies that have been used to amplify and reinforce Live events. The sections of this article together explain how the tools needed to stage, amplify and reinforce live events are interconnected.
Visual support.
Live Event Visual Amplification.
Introduction.
Live Event Visual Amplification is the display of live and pre-recorded images as a part of a live stage event.
Visual amplification began when films, projected onto a stage, added characters or background information to a production.
35 mm motion picture projectors became available in 1910 - but which theatre or opera company first used a movie in a stage production is not known.
In 1935, less costly 16 mm film equipment allowed many other performance groups and school theaters to use motion pictures in productions.
In 1970, closed circuit Video cameras and videocassette machines became available and Live Event Visual Amplification came of age. For the first time live closeups of stage performers could be displayed in real time. These systems also made it possible to show pre-recorded videos that added information & visual intensity to a live event.
One of the first video touring systems was created by video designer TJ McHose in 1975 for the rock band The Tubes using black and white television monitors. In 1978, TJ McHose designed a touring color video system that enlarged performers at the Kool Jazz Festivals in sports stadiums across the United States.
Timeline.
By 2000 many bands tour with LED as well as DLP projection and LED video walls
Live Event Visual Reinforcement.
Introduction.
Live Event Visual Reinforcement is the addition of projected lighting effects and images onto any type of performance venue.
Visual Reinforcement began more than 2000 years ago. In China during the Han Dynasty, Shadow puppetry was invented to "bring back to life" Emperor Wu's favorite concubine. Mongolian troops spread Shadow play throughout Asia and the Middle East in the 13th century. Shadow puppetry reached Taiwan in 1650, and missionaries brought it to France in 1767.
The next major advance in Visual reinforcement for events was the Magic lantern, first conceptualized by Giovanni Battista della Porta in his 1558 work Magiae naturalis. The Magic Lantern became practical by 1750 with the oil lamp and glass lenses. Special effect animation attachments were added in the 1830s. In 1854, the Ambrotype positive photographic process on glass made Magic lantern slide creation much less expensive.
Magic lanterns were greatly improved by the application of Limelight to live stage production in 1837 at Covent Garden Theatre and improved again when electric arc lighting became available in 1880.
In 1910, Adolf Linnebach invented the Linnebach lantern, a lensless wide angle glass slide projector.
In 1933, the Gobo metal shadow pattern for the ellipsoidal spotlight allowed images to appear and disappear by dimmer control.
In 1935, 16 mm Kodachrome film projectors added the first fully animated Visual reinforcement to Live Events.
Audio support.
Live event sound reinforcement.
Introduction.
A sound reinforcement system is professional audio, was first developed for movie theatres in 1927 when the first ever talking picture was released, called "The Jazz Singer". Movie theatre sound was greatly improved in 1937 when the Shearer Horn system debuted. One of the first large-scale outdoor public address systems was at 1939 New York World's Fair.
In the 1960s, rock and roll concerts promoted by Bill Graham at The Fillmore created a need for quickly changeable sound systems. In the early 1970s, Graham founded FM Productions to provide touring sound and light systems. By 1976 in San Francisco, the technical debate over infinite baffle vs horn-loaded enclosures, and line arrays vs distributed driver arrays, was ongoing at FM because of the proximity of The Grateful Dead and their scene Ultrasound, John Meyer, and others). But at that time there were parallel developments in other parts of the United States - Showco (Dallas) and Clair Bros (Philadelphia) had different approaches; Clair in particular was moving in the direction of modular full-range enclosures. They would rig as many as needed (or clients like Bruce Springsteen could afford) in whatever configuration they thought would cover a particular venue. Stanal Sound in southern California used fiberglass futuristic looking equipment for artists like Kenny Rogers.
A number of long-time sound professionals feel that live concert sound quality has not greatly improved since 1978 despite all the digital, wireless, fiber optic and computer advancements that have made it much easier to tune to a specific venue and assemble and maintain a touring system.
Transportation support.
Efficient and timely transportation is essential for live event productions.
Touring Packaging.
Well designed touring systems: unload from the truck gently, roll easily into their stage location, connect to each other quickly. A well designed system includes duplicates of critical components and "field-replaceable" items such as cables, switches and fuses. Every component should be protected by a well padded road case that has room for all connector cables and allows easy access to the components for fast cable re-patching to bypass a bad component and for repairs during a tour. The road cases need good ventilation and for outdoor use should be white to minimize solar heat buildup. Road case sizes should be modular to pack tightly together on the truck.

</doc>
<doc id="20768040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768040" title="Harvest Partners">
Harvest Partners

Harvest Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle market industrial, business services, consumer and retail companies.
The firm, which was founded in 1981 by Harvey Mallement and Harvey Wertheim, is based in New York City. Prior to co-founding Harvest, Mallement was managing partner of Masco Associates, making private equity investments on behalf of Masco Corporation and Wertheim managed venture capital and private equity investment activities at Research and Science Investors, a venture capital and investment management firm.
Since inception, Harvest has raised approximately $1.9 billion of investor capital across five investment funds:
"Source: Private Equity Intelligence"

</doc>
<doc id="20768046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768046" title="Jane Huang">
Jane Huang

Jane Huang (; born January 19, 1983) is a Taiwanese singer. She was born in Taitung County, Taiwan. She is a member of Taiwan's Puyuma aboriginal people. In 2007, she finished seventh in the One Million Star Taiwanese singing competition. With the strong support of her fans, she became the popular vote winner. She is currently in the band Y2J with band member Yuming Lai.

</doc>
<doc id="20768058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768058" title="Winneshiek">
Winneshiek

Winneshiek may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20768068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768068" title="Turo Valenzona">
Turo Valenzona

Arturo F. Valenzona (born November 5, 1942), also known as Turo Valenzona, is a former Filipino basketball player and head coach.
Career.
Valenzona played college ball for the Far Eastern University, before eventually playing in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association, and later, the Philippine Basketball Association with U/Tex. He was also a member of the national basketball team of the Philippines. After his playing years, Valenzona coached Tanduay, Ginebra, Alaska, and Pop Cola in the PBA. He was the first president of the Basketball Coaches Association of the Philippines. Valenzona coached Tanduay to three PBA championships from 1986 to 1987, and led the collegiate team San Sebastian College to five consecutive men's basketball championships in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20768077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768077" title="Javorje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Javorje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Javorje () is a village in the hills between the Selca Sora and the Poljane Sora valleys in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
"Javorje" and names like it (e.g., "Javor", "Javornik", etc.) are derived from the Slovene common noun "javor" 'maple', thus referring to the local vegetation. In the 19th century, the village was known as "Afriach" in German.
History.
The remnants of a Roman aqueduct have been found in the area, testifying to early settlement. Javorje was the seat of a parish under the medieval Dominion of Freising. During the Second World War, a Partisan attack in October 1943 resulted in the withdrawal of a German police unit from the village. The schoolhouse in Javorje was burned by German forces. In 1944 and 1945 the Partisans operated a school in the village rectory. During an engagement on 7 February 1945, several houses in the village were burned.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Giles (). It was originally a Gothic church with an angled apse. Around 1710 it was made taller and renovated in the baroque style. The belfry is from the 16th century. The church was again widened and extended in the 1920s. The three altars are from the late 19th century. The paintings in the church are by Janez Šubic, the altar is the work of Štefan Šubic, and the Stations of the Cross are by Leopold Layer. The village chapel shrine, which contains a Gothic Pietà from 1440, was painted with frescoes by Štefan Šubic in 1861.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Javorje include:

</doc>
<doc id="20768081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768081" title="Ammar al-Saffar">
Ammar al-Saffar

Ammar al-Saffar was the Deputy Health Minister of Iraq. On November 19, 2006, he became the highest-ranking Iraqi official to be kidnapped when he was seized by men in police uniforms.
A member of the Dawa Party, Saffar lived in exile in Britain until he returned to his home country following the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
In February 2007, another Deputy Health Minister, Hakim al-Zamili, and General Hamid al-Shammari, were both arrested on suspicion they had played a role in Saffar and others' kidnappings. However, the charges were dropped in March 2008. As of 2008, Saffar remains missing.

</doc>
<doc id="20768089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768089" title="Baconnaise">
Baconnaise

Baconnaise is a bacon-flavored mayonnaise-based product that is Ovo vegetarian and kosher certified. It was created by Justin Esch and Dave Lefkow, founders of J&D's Foods, in November 2008 and sold 40,000 jars within six months. It was test-marketed in Grand Forks, North Dakota, in order to determine consumer interest. After being featured on both "The Daily Show" and "The Oprah Winfrey Show", sales of Baconnaise increased significantly, with more than a million jars sold. The strong flavors make Baconnaise a sandwich condiment, but it overpowers dips, salad dressings and fish dishes.
History.
In an interview with ABC News, Esch and Lefkow stated that they came up with the original idea for bacon products and their first invention, Bacon Salt, while making a joke about the subject over a meal at a diner. The money for their startup came from the $5000 that Lefkow had obtained while on "America's Funniest Home Videos". Together, they created interest in their products by going to numerous sporting events dressed in bacon costumes and used social networking sites to raise awareness of their company.
Baconnaise has been featured on the "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" several times as a repeat joke. In 2009, Jon Stewart used it in a skit that drew negative attention from "Seattle Post-Intelligencer"s Leslie Kelly. Stewart commented, "Baconnaise, for people who want to get heart disease but, you know, too lazy to actually make bacon." In 2010, John Stewart again lampooned Baconnaise with a fake clip of the billboard in Times Square that drew a response from J&D's Foods. According to J&D's Foods, there was plan to run an actual billboard ad, but it was declined by Comedy Central. Utilizing it as a prop in a later episode, Stewart referred to Baconnaise as "capitalism's greatest triumph".
Baconnaise was discussed on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on April 24, 2009 when Esch and Lefkow were interviewed by Winfrey via Skype. After she and her guests ate sandwiches that used the product, she commented, "Vegetarian and kosher! Thanks Justin and Dave! Get your own Baconnaise!" After her endorsement, the amount of traffic on the company website and telephones overwhelmed its systems. Lefkow stated that a year after the show aired over a million jars of Bacconaise were sold.
Production.
Esch and Lefkow have stated that they started with just mayonnaise and bacon and worked with chefs to determine how to have mayonnaise that tastes like bacon without having bacon as an ingredient. Lefkow stated that developing and refining the taste of Baconnaise resulted in him having "nothing but bacon and mayonnaise for breakfast for the next six months." Lefkow refined the taste of Baconnaise by comparing real bacon to the developing product.
Baconnaise contains no bacon, artificial flavors or MSG, but the actual process and ingredients in the product are a trade secret. A complete list of the ingredients includes: Soybean Oil, Water, Egg Yolk, Gluconic Acid, Yeast Extract, Stabilizer (Microcrystalline Cellulose, Modified Food Starch, Xanthan Gum, Guar Gum, Gum Arabic), Cultured Dextrose, Salt, Sugar, Dehydrated Garlic, Paprika, Dehydrated Onion, Spice, Natural Smoke Flavor, Natural Flavors, Tocopherols, Calcium disodium EDTA, and Autolyzed Yeast Extract.
J&D's Foods also released a light version of Baconnaise. Marketed as Baconnaise Lite, it contains 30 calories per serving and less fat than the original Baconnaise. Baconnaise is sold in 15 oz (443 ml) plastic jars.
Release.
The product's marketing test was at Pike Place Market in Seattle, where it sold up to 120 jars a week. The product debuted in October 2008, at the Seattle Semi Pro Wrestling League in the Heaven's Night Club. The event featured a costumed fight between mayonnaise and a slab of bacon.
Reception.
Will Goldfarb of the website Serious Eats reviewed Baconnaise, stating " works fairly well as a sandwich condiment, but the assertive smokiness can overpower mild ingredients." Goldfarb recommended it as a sandwich condiment, but cautioned against using it in dips, salad dressings, and fish dishes. The "Baconnaise Lite" was met with a positive review by "Hungry Girl" though it noted its name was "a bit of an oxymoron". Baconnaise, while being both vegetarian and kosher-friendly, does not taste like mayonnaise.
Original recipes.
Original recipes featuring animal fat-infused mayonnaise, including Baconnaise, were covered on the Serious Eats website. The recipe includes crumbled bacon strips, liquid rendered bacon fat, canola oil, egg yolks, and Dijon mustard with water and lemon juice.

</doc>
<doc id="20768092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768092" title="Clement Hill">
Clement Hill

Clement Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20768125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768125" title="Surface-to-surface intersection problem">
Surface-to-surface intersection problem

The surface-to-surface intersection (SSI) problem. is a basic problem in computer-aided geometric design: Given two intersecting surfaces in R3, compute all parts of the intersection curve. If two surfaces intersect, the result will be a set of isolated points, a set of curves, a set of overlapping surfaces, or any combination of these cases. Because exact solutions can be found only for some special surface classes, approximation methods must be used for the general case.

</doc>
<doc id="20768131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768131" title="My Name Is Jerry">
My Name Is Jerry

My Name Is Jerry is an American independent drama film released on DVD on October 19, 2010. by Clothespin Films LLC, in association with the Institute for Digital Entertainment and Education at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana. It stars Doug Jones (an alumnus of the university) as Jerry Arthur: a forty-something door-to-door salesman going through a mid-life crisis. Jerry has to deal with the stresses of work, his estranged daughter returning home, and a sudden interest in punk music - sparked by a chance meeting with a group of teenagers. The film is directed by Morgan Mead, with the screenplay written by David Hamilton, both Ball State alums. Filming began in July 2008, and wrapped in August 2008. The film first screened for Muncie audiences on May 7, 2009 to a sold-out screening room attended by over 800 people. It has since made its way through the film festival ranks and continues to earn awards and praise, most notably for the performances of leads Doug Jones and Katlyn Carlson. The film is most notable for featuring Steven Yeun before he achieved widespread fame for his role in AMC's The Walking Dead. 
Synopsis.
Door-to-door salesman, Jerry Arthur’s life is filled with slamming doors and low expectations. The world has lost its attraction. He is a middle-aged divorcé who lives on his own. He has an unsure and unwanted future, a daughter he has had no contact with for ten years, a dead-end job and low self-esteem. In other words, Jerry is close to hitting rock bottom. Jerry's life changes when his ex-wife dies and their daughter moves in with him. Around the same time, he stumbles on a group of young people with their futures before them. Their energy and music reminds him that you can influence your life for the better regardless of the past...if you choose to do so. Through new and old friends alike, Jerry discovers you can move forward even when you can’t see exactly where you are going. As Jerry puts it, “What happened to going with your gut? My gut’s been telling me to turn things around.”
Production.
Development.
Originally conceived in 2006 by Mead and writing partner Andy Janoch as a starring vehicle for Doug Jones, Mead took the original project to Ball State University professor Rodger Smith, who along with his Institute for Digital Education and Entertainment (IDEE) program, was interested in involving the university with a film project. Mead, Janoch and Smith went through several scripts drafts before Mead contacted David Hamilton, a college-friend who was working in Los Angeles for the series "ER". Hamilton did a script re-write and along with fellow 'ER' alum Zach Baliva, came on board to produce the film.
Though Ball State University had the equipment to produce a motion picture, they did not have the necessary personnel, so professionals from Los Angeles, Chicago, and Austin were hired to take the roles of department heads, to further the student's experience on the project, and to give the film a more polished-look. Nathan Wilson was hired as the Director of Photography, after having worked on several high-profile films. Michael Bricker was brought on board as Production Designer, based on his work on smaller films produced in Austin, TX and with the University of Texas at Austin. Blair Scheller was hired out of Chicago for his experience in the sound departments on big-budget motion pictures. All of this led to a more rounded experience for the Ball State University students who would fill out the support crews and production positions.
Originally slated for a January start, the script was re-written to be a set in the summer time, with a New Year's Eve celebration being changed to a party taking place on the Fourth of July. Production finally began in July 2008, in Muncie, Indiana, after Jones had completed his promotional duties for Hellboy II. Principal photography lasted for 20 days. During the shooting of several scenes, the temperatures would reach triple-digits, but the young crew and the experienced cast kept working and shooting wrapped only one day behind what had originally been scheduled, with only a single pick-up shot filmed some time later (to replace a shot that was unusable due to a digital glitch in the original footage).
Casting.
With star Doug Jones already in place, casting sessions began in Los Angeles, Chicago, Indianapolis, and Muncie, Indiana. The Los Angeles casting sessions brought Allison Scagliotti, Don Stark and Catherine Hicks into the mix. From Chicago, Josh Breit, Steven Yeun, Levi Holloway and Jonathan Keaton. All the other roles in the film were performed by local stage actors from the Muncie area (where the film was shot) and students from the University. The trickiest part to cast turned out to be that of Jordan, the young woman who steals Jerry's heart and motivates his journey. While the producers were unable to decide who to cast for a long period of time, Mead found his Jordan in an audition for Trisha, Jerry's daughter, from Chicago-based Katlyn Carlson. " Mead has been impressed with the actress' abilities and physical presence, and insisted that she was Jordan. The producers agreed and Carlson won a role for which she did not audition, but was nonetheless excited to receive.

</doc>
<doc id="20768145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768145" title="Manning, Maxwell and Moore">
Manning, Maxwell and Moore

Manning, Maxwell and Moore was a Bridgeport, Connecticut railroad supply company created by Charles Arthur Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="20768212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768212" title="Javorjev Dol">
Javorjev Dol

Javorjev Dol is a small dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768232" title="Slingshot Labs">
Slingshot Labs

Slingshot Labs was a media and business incubator owned by News Corp that was launched on February 13, 2008. Slingshot was separate from News Corp's Fox Interactive Media, and its mission is to build and develop new Web ventures for the parent company. The incubator was founded by some of Myspace's founding members, Josh Berman Colin DiGiaro, and was headquartered in Santa Monica, California. It was operated by Josh Berman and Diego Berdakin prior to its shutdown in 2010.
Company history.
The launch of Slingshot Labs came nearly a year and a half after Myspace's primary competitor, Facebook, announced a US$10 million fund to invest in software companies that build applications for its social network. Comparisons to Facebook's fund swirled around the company's launch, but News Corp and Myspace execs did not acknowledge them. Current CEO of Myspace, Chris DeWolfe, explained to BusinessWeek, "This is my baby, my idea, and something I've wanted to do for a long time." Both DeWolfe and News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch have been involved with the company's initial stages; it was seeded by News Corp with US$15 million and 40 employees.
Company Portfolio.
The company planned to develop four to five ventures per year, ranging from stand-alone web destinations to social media applications. It recently launched a celebrity gossip site Daily Fill, which aggregates content from partner sites such as The New York Post's Page Six, Media Take Out, and Gossip Girls.
Shutdown.
Slingshot Labs was shut down by its parent company in May, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20768238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768238" title="John Cameron (farmer)">
John Cameron (farmer)

John B. Cameron of Balbuthie CBE FRAgS is a Scottish farmer, with significant interest in railways.
Farming.
Widely credited as the one-time largest sheep farmer in Europe, Cameron owned seven farms in Fife and West Perthshire. He sold the five farms in Fife, covering , in 2006 to the Edinmore Group, a subsidiary of Caledonian Investments, while still retaining two farms in West Perthshire at Glen Lochay and Ivermearan.
Cameron is president of both the Scottish region of the National Beef Association and the National Sheep Association, and chairs the quality standards committee of Quality Meat Scotland. A former President of the National Farmers Union of Scotland, Cameron is a Fellow of the Royal Agricultural Society, and was awarded a CBE for his work in Scottish farming.
Railways.
Cameron was the Chairman of ScotRail and a member of the British Railways Board from 1990 to 1996. A non-executive director of Stagecoach plc, he is currently a Director of both South West Trains and the Island Line, Isle of Wight; as well as a Member of the Safety Review Group.
Cameron has a personal interest in steam railways, and owns two former LNER locomotives both presently based at the coal marshalling yards in Thornton:
Personal life.
Married to South African-born Margaret, the couple live at the Balbuthie Farm in St Monans, Fife and maintain a cottage on the shores of Lake Malawi.
In 2007, Cameron and his wife set up the Cameron Travel Scholarship Trust, to allow both Scottish agricultural students and those studying at the Dollar Academy in Dollar, Clackmannanshire, to travel abroad for the purpose of broadening their education and understanding of the
world." He is currently Chairman of the Board of Governors of the school, where he himself was educated.

</doc>
<doc id="20768257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768257" title="Fort New Salem">
Fort New Salem

Fort New Salem located in Salem, West Virginia is a frontier settlement of nineteenth century log structures in West Virginia, adjacent to Salem International University. Salem was originally settled in 1792 by a group of Seventh Day Baptist families from Shrewsbury, NJ. English, Welsh, Scotch-Irish and German farm culture shaped the traditions that dominated the region until the development of energy and mineral resources brought a wave of immigration into the area. Fort New Salem is a living history outdoor museum interpreting the history, crafts and lifestyles of the area. Historically, among the numerous seasonal activities held at the fort is "The Spirit of Christmas in the Mountains". This nationally recognized event is a joyous celebration of the traditional folk-ways found in observance of Christmas in West Virginia. Work on this village of over 18 relocated log structures began in 1971. The Fort opened to the public in 1974, as a part of Salem College (now known as Salem International University). The site is approximately eight acres, now owned by the Fort New Salem Foundation, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20768263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768263" title="List of colleges affiliated with Punjab Technical University">
List of colleges affiliated with Punjab Technical University

Punjab Technical University (PTU) was established in 1997 under the Punjab Technical University Act, 1996 (Punjab Act No. 1 of 1997) to provide for the establishment and incorporation of a University for the advancement of technical education and development thereof in the State of Punjab and for matters connected therewith. In pursuance of this Act, the University started with 9 engineering colleges and few management colleges affiliated to it. Since then, the University has come a long way and during this Academic Session 2011–12, the University has affiliated 100+ engineering Colleges, 139 Management and Computer Application courses, 37 institutions imparting pharmacy education, 11 colleges imparting Hotel Management education, 6 Colleges providing Architecture Education and 21 Regional Center for MTech and PhD in different branches of Engineering and Management and 1 Regional Center for MPharmacy. More than 2013 Learning Centers of PTU are providing professional education through Distance Learning all over the country and abroad.
All the time of the University, the students were doing their engineering courses from the University in other states. At present, after 15 years of its existence, PTU is providing education to approximately 5 lac students in the fields of Engineering, Management, Architecture and Pharmacy. This number included 50 percent students from states other than Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="20768277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768277" title="André Gagnaux">
André Gagnaux

André Gagnaux (died February 1996), who was a Swiss, was the first President of the World Confederation of Billiard Sports (WCBS) and the former President of the Union Mondiale de Billard (UMB). 
He was credited for the foundation of WCBS in 1992, when he first tried to contact various governing body of billiards sports since 1985 in order to fulfill the recognition criteria of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), that a recognized sport must be governed by only one international sport federation. After various discussion with the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA). At last, he called for a meeting on August 30, 1990, in Bristol, UK, with the presence of all the three major cue sports representatives, namely, carom, pool and snooker. As a result it was decided to form the World Confederation of Billiard Sports (WCBS), an umbrella organization encompassing all billiards sports, and a three-man committee consisting of Gagnaux himself for Carom, Jorgen Sandman for Pool and Mark Wildman for Snooker was appointed in order to work out the first constitution, to serve as a guideline for this new body. The following 18 months were spent on this work, which was somewhat complicated since the idea was to enable the various disciplines to work closely together, while maintaining their independence.
The inaugural General Assembly of the WCBS was held in Yverdon-les-Bains, Switzerland, on January 25, 1992. Gagnaux was elected to be the first President of the confederation, an office he carried until 1996. He took ill during the second half of 1995, at which time he passed on his immediate tasks to Jorgen Sandman who took over as President in January 1996, just one month before he died.

</doc>
<doc id="20768278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768278" title="Aw Tee Hong">
Aw Tee Hong

Aw Tee Hong () is a Singaporean artist who is known for his oil paintings of the old Singapore River, as well as for numerous public sculptures themed towards Singapore heritage, like the marble relief titled "Singapore Poetry" found in Tanjong Pagar MRT Station. Aw is known for his works in oil and acrylic, watercolour, chinese ink, charcoal and sculptures. 
Early life.
Born in Wenshan village at Huiwen, Wenchang county of Hainan island, Aw migrated with his parents to Kelantan, Malaysia at the age of 8 and relocated to Singapore in 1950, where he studied art at the Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts. In 1956 he went on to pursue higher education in art at the China Central Academy of Fine Arts in Beijing, China.
Accolades.
Aw was invited back to his alma mater to give a series of thematic lectures on pottery in 1994-1995 and was hence given the title of Visiting Professor by the Central Academy of Fine Arts (otherwise known as Academy of Arts and Design, Tsinghua University), in recognition of his contribution.
Aw collaborated with the Singapore Tourism Promotion Board during the 1980s to create and develop a range of Chinese Opera Masks, amongst other cultural products, which later became iconic souvenirs that helped promote Singapore as a tourist destination. Additionally, Aw was often invited by STPB to participate in trade shows to various countries in Asia, Middle East and Europe to demonstrate the uniqueness and richness of Singapore Art.
Having had an artistic career spanning six decades, Aw has presented his works through a plethora of platforms, namely art exhibitions, both in Singapore and overseas. 
Recently, The Fullerton Hotel invited Aw to showcase his 1960s Singapore works. 
Personal life.
Aw is married with 3 children and 6 grandchildren. He currently resides in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="20768292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768292" title="Huntington Beach Oil Field">
Huntington Beach Oil Field

The Huntington Beach Oil Field is part of rich pools of oil found along the West Coast of the United States in the early 1920s stretching from Huntington Beach, California to Santa Barbara, California.
On May 24, 1920, the first Huntington Beach well, the Huntington A-1 , was brought in as a producing well. By October 1921, the field had 59 producing wells. Even with 16 of those 59 wells being idle, the field produced 16,500 barrels a day, with each well producing from 50 to 200 barrels daily.
As of 2000, Huntington Beach had produced over a billion barrels of oil and 845 billion cf of natural gas. In 2013, the USGS estimated that the Huntington Beach oilfield could produce an additional 117 to 866 million barrels of oil, with their best estimate being 370 million barrels. It is unlikely that all of this oil could be produced, given the location. Current value of this estimate of potential oil, if it was produced, would be about $37 billion, at $100/bbl. 
The conflict of coastal oil drilling with beachfront recreation and tourism has been a central theme in Southern California politics. The discovery of oil was followed by a real estate boom in the surrounding communities. For example, as the Huntington Beach Oil Field expanded, the homes in that area that stood in the path of drawing oil from the ground were physically relocated north in 1921-1922 to lots in Midway City, California, which "started Midway City". In addition, the discover lead to the development of the oceanfront community of Sunset Beach, California, which was established in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="20768293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768293" title="Nguyen Viet Thang">
Nguyen Viet Thang

Nguyễn Việt Thắng (born September 13, 1981) is a Vietnamese footballer who is now playing for XM The Vissai Ninh Binh as a striker. He is a member of the Vietnam national football team.
Club career.
Thắng was one of the talent of Vietnam football after being found Ho Chi Minh City Police F.C. In 2002, he moved to Hoàng Anh Gia Lai after spending 3 years playing for the club.
In 2003, he was believed to participate in a match-fixing scandal with another Hoàng Anh Gia Lai player in 2003 ASEAN Club Championship. Vietnam Football Federation decided to ban him from all domestic league for 3 years. In 2006, he came back and played for Đồng Tâm Long An F.C. 
During the time he was banned by the Vietnam Football Federation in 2005, he was sent to F.C. Porto B for training so that he could prepare for his returning to play in V-League.
International career.
Việt Thắng was chosen to play for the national team in 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification along with other stars such as Lê Huỳnh Đức. However, two years later, because of the ban from the federation, he could not play for the national team for 3 years.
In 2007, Việt Thắng returned to the national team but he missed the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. In 2008, He was chosen to play in 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup. He is the partner of striker Le Cong Vinh in the starting line-up at the tournament. He finished the tournament with one goal and one assist.
Honour.
Vietnam

</doc>
<doc id="20768300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768300" title="Infante Fernando of Portugal">
Infante Fernando of Portugal

Infante Fernando of Portugal ("Fernando Maria Luís de Saxe-Coburgo-Gotha e Bragança"; 23 July 1846, in Lisbon – 6 November 1861, in Lisbon) was the fourth son of Queen Maria II of Portugal and King-consort Fernando II.
Fernando was a Lieutenant in the Fifth Battalion of Caçadores, and received the Grand Cross of the Order of Our Lady of the Conception of Vila Viçosa. With two of his brothers, King Pedro V and Infante João, Duke of Beja, Fernando died of typhoid fever or cholera in late 1861. He was buried in the Royal Pantheon of the Braganza Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="20768311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768311" title="Pierre Baldi">
Pierre Baldi

Pierre Baldi is a Chancellor's Professor of Computer Science at University of California, Irvine and the director of the UCI Institute for Genomics and Bioinformatics.
Career.
Born in Rome (Italy), Pierre Baldi received his Bachelor's of Science and Master of Science degrees at the University of Paris, in France. He then received his Ph.D. in Mathematics from the California Institute of Technology in 1986. From 1986 to 1988, he was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California, San Diego. From 1988 to 1995, he held faculty and member of the technical staff positions at the California Institute of Technology and at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, where he was given the Lew Allen Award for Research Excellence in 1993. He was CEO of a start up company called Net-ID from 1995 to 1999 and joined University of California Irvine in 1999.
Pierre Baldi is a fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the IEEE. He is also the recipient of the 
2010 Eduardo R. Caianiello Prize for Scientific Contributions to the field of Neural Networks.
Pierre Baldi's research include artificial intelligence, statistical machine learning, and data mining, and their applications to problems in the life sciences in genomics, proteomics, systems biology,computational neuroscience, and, recently, deep learning.
Pierre Baldi has over 250 publications in his field of research and four books and, among them, the worldwide best-seller ""Bioinformatics: the Machine Learning Approach"" (MIT Press, 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="20768312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768312" title="2009 in golf">
2009 in golf

This article summarizes the highlights of professional and amateur golf in the year 2009.
Men's professional golf.
Major championships
World Golf Championships 
FedEx Cup playoff events - see 2009 FedEx Cup Playoffs
Other leading PGA Tour events 
"For a complete list of PGA Tour results see 2009 PGA Tour."
Other Leading European Tour events
"For a complete list of European Tour results see 2009 European Tour."
Team events
Tour leaders
Awards
Other tour results
Other happenings
Women's professional golf.
LPGA majors
Ladies European Tour major (in addition to the Women's British Open)
"For a complete list of Ladies European Tour results see Ladies European Tour."
Additional LPGA Tour events 
"For a complete list of LPGA Tour results see LPGA Tour."
Team events
Money list leaders
Awards
Other happenings
Senior men's professional golf.
Senior majors
Full results
Money list leaders
Table of results.
This table summarizes all the results referred to above in date order. 
The following biennial events will next be played in 2010: Ryder Cup, Curtis Cup, Espirito Santo Trophy.
External links.
Golf news sites.
Australia based
UK based
U.S. based

</doc>
<doc id="20768340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768340" title="Him and Me">
Him and Me

Him and Me are a comedy duo who first foundrecent success with their YouTube videos.
The duo is made up of Shea Taylor and Steve Langstaff, they perform their comedy live as well as writing and performing sketches for TV, including the Super Granny Nanny sketches for "Dick and Dom's Funny Business" on BBC Two and sketches for Manchester based, Channel M. 
Their most successful online video was a Lady Gaga spoof which reached over 2.5 million hits and appear as regular guests on BBC Radio Manchester and Lancashire.
Shea Taylor is 27 and comes from Repton in Derbyshire and Steve Langstaff is 28 and originally comes from Hull, they now both live in Salford in Greater Manchester where they produce their sketches

</doc>
<doc id="20768342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768342" title="Jazbine, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Jazbine, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Jazbine is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church, built below the peak called "Malenski vrh" (literally, 'Mill Peak', from "maln" 'mill'), also serves the settlement of Malenski Vrh and is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary (). It was built between 1703 and 1705 on the site of an earlier church. The main altar dates to 1717.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Jazbine include:

</doc>
<doc id="20768347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768347" title="Zzoom">
Zzoom

Zzoom is a computer game developed by John Gibson, Mark Butler and Steve Blower for the ZX Spectrum and released by Imagine Software in 1983. It is an early example of a combat flight simulator game, in which the player controls an aircraft that must protect refugees from enemy forces.
Gameplay.
The object of the game is to protect a series of refugees from enemy aircraft, tanks and submarines. The player's view consists of a crosshairs upon a simple ground and sky horizon, with an altimeter, a shield indicator and a radar. Refugees walk along the horizon, and the player must fire his guns and missiles at enemy units to prevent them from killing the refugees. Score is gained by destroying enemy units, and for refugees crossing the screen safely.
However, due to a bug in the score calculation for refugees, should the player not allow any (or very few) refugees to survive a stage he will be rewarded with a bonus far in excess of what would be scored had the refugees been saved. To achieve this the player invariably has to shoot the refugees himself – which although not the point of the game can be just as challenging, as while doing this the enemy will still be launching missiles and shooting at the player.
Reception.
"Zzoom" was received well by the video game press when it was released in 1983, and it remained among the top twenty best-selling games well into 1984. "Crash" called it "a very memorable game and excellent value for money", whilst "Personal Computer Games" described it as "one of the all-time greats in a very competitive market".

</doc>
<doc id="20768356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768356" title="United States Army Medical Research Unit-Kenya">
United States Army Medical Research Unit-Kenya

The United States Army Medical Research Unit-Kenya (USAMRU-K) is a "Special Foreign Activity" of the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya. The unit was established in 1969 and operates under a cooperative agreement with the Kenya Medical Research Institute. Much of the research done there has focused on tropical diseases, such as malaria, trypanosomiasis, and leishmaniasis, as well as arboviruses, HIV/AIDS, and other emerging infectious diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="20768385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768385" title="Pariser Einzugsmarsch">
Pariser Einzugsmarsch

"Pariser Einzugsmarsch" (Armeemarschsammlung AM II, 38) was a march composed by Johann Heinrich Walch and was probably already well known around 1800 in Frankfurt am Main. On 31 March 1814, it was played in presence by Emperor Francis II, Tsar Alexander I, and King Friedrich Wilhelm III during the expedition of the allied troops in Paris at the end of the War of the Sixth Coalition. 
Due to the clearly anti-French title, the march became popular during the time of the Empire. In addition, still later during the Weimar Republic and the later in the Third Reich, it was a popular symbol of the French-German "hereditary enmity“. . 
In 1940, after the victory of the German armed forces over France, the march was played, as in 1814, during the invasion of German troops in Paris. In the Federal Republic of Germany it is rarely played in public due to its problematic history. Abroad the march is particularly popular in Russia, a traditional repertoire of the military music of the country since 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="20768389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768389" title="Chito Loyzaga">
Chito Loyzaga

Joaquin "Chito" C. Loyzaga (born August 29, 1958) is a Filipino former basketball player. 
He played for San Beda College in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (Philippines) before going on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association. 
In the PBA, Loyzaga played for YCO-Tanduay, Toyota, Great Taste and Ginebra San Miguel. He was a seven-time recipient of the Philippine Basketball Association All-Defensive Team award from 1985 to 1992. He retired from basketball after the 1993 PBA season.
Loyzaga also played for the Philippine national basketball team in the 1990 Asian Games where he distinguished himself by helping limit North Korean center Ri Myung Hun despite a height discrepancy of over a foot and a half between them.
In 2002, Loyzaga became the fourth commissioner of the Metropolitan Basketball Association. He was also a commissioner and executive director of the Philippine Sports Commission from 2010 to 2012.
He is currently serving as basketball commissioner in the 76th Season of the UAAP.
Personal life.
He is the son of Philippine basketball great Carlos Loyzaga and Vicky Cuerva. He and brother Joey Loyzaga became one of the few siblings to have played in the PBA, eventually playing together with Ginebra San Miguel. Loyzaga is married to Maritoni Yulo, with whom he has three children, namely: Celina, Jose Joaquin, and Cecilia.

</doc>
<doc id="20768403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768403" title="Mitsubishi H-60">
Mitsubishi H-60

The Mitsubishi H-60 series is twin-turboshaft engine helicopter based on the Sikorsky S-70 helicopter family for use by the Japan Self-Defense Force (JSDF). The SH-60J/K are anti-submarine patrol version for the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF). The UH-60J is a search and rescue version for the Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF) and JMSDF. The UH-60JA is a utility version for the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF).
Design and development.
SH-60J.
The JMSDF chose SH-60B Seahawk as the successor of the Mitsubishi HSS-2A/B Sea King. The Japan Defense Agency acquired a S-70B-2 from Sikorsky for study in 1985. The Defense Agency was going to develop LAMPS Mk III for Japan, but it was declined by the United States, and most avionics sets were developed in the Technical Research and Development Institute. The Defense Agency ordered two XSH-60Js from Sikorsky for $27 million. Their first flights were on 31 August and in October 1987. The Defense Agency designated the model SH-60J. They were fitted with Japanese avionics systems and tested by the JMSDF. 
The SH-60J is built in Japan under license from Sikorsky. It began deliveries in August 1991 and entered service thereafter. Based on a concept of the JMSDF, HQS-103 Dipping Sonar, HPS-104 Search Radar, and HLR-108 ESM System equipment of the avionics of SH-60B be different. The engine is the GE/IHI T700-IHI-701C turboshaft, which Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries produced under license. It is a hybrid of SH-60B and SH-60F, except for avionics. The crew includes a pilot, copilot and sensor operator. The copilot can concentrate on the role of Tactical Coordinator with the help of the Automatic Flight Management System and Inertial Navigation system. Over 100 SH-60Js have been produced by 2007.
SH-60K.
The SH-60K is an upgraded version of the SH-60J. The SH-60K anti-submarine helicopter which strengthened performance and versatility for the JMSDF. Mitsubishi began development in 1997. The SH-60K has formerly known as SH-60Kai. The Director General of the Defense Agency admitted adoption in March 2005. 
Mitsubishi developed new main rotor blade, Ship Landing Assist System, new avionics system, and other systems. Two prototypes SH-60Ks were built by modifying SH-60Js. These prototypes were completed and delivered by June 2002. The SH-60K's cabin was expanded in length by 30 cm (11.8 in) and in height by 15 cm (5.91 in) compared to the SH-60J. The larger cabin allows for the new avionics system. Those and the airframe changes are compensated by the exchange of the T700-IHI-401C2 engine. The first production SH-60K was delivered to JMSDF on 10 August 2005. A total of 50 SH-60Ks are being supplied under new production.
UH-60J.
In 1988, the Japan Air Self-Defense Force choose the UH-60L to replace its KV-107 and Sikorsky S-62 helicopters. The first aircraft was built by Sikorsky, with the company designation S-70A-12, and two more were assembled by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Mitsubishi is producing the remaining UH-60Js under license. The Japan Marine Self-Defense Force also chose Search and rescue, and utility helicopters to replace the S-61A in 1989.
The UH-60J is powered by T700 engines license-built by Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries in Japan. It features external fuel tanks, an external rescue winch, a Japan-built radar, a FLIR turret in the nose and bubble side windows for observers. The Japan Air Self-Defense Force machines were fitted with T700-IHI-701A engines, while Japan Marine Self-Defense Force machines were fitted with marinized T700-IHI-401C engines. Fuel tanks can be attached to pylons on stub wings. The UH-60Js began deliveries in 1991 and entered service in 1992. A total of 40 UH-60Js were in service in 2010. The JASDF ordered 40 newer UH-60Js in December 2010 to begin replacing older UH-60Js.
Mitsubishi and Sikorsky have teamed in support of the Self Defense Force's mission requirements. The UH-60J+ incorporates various upgrades for the modern SAR mission. By 2006 Defense budget of Japan, UH-60Js begin addition of Refueling probe in 2009. These UH-60Js completed training with the United States Air Force and widened their activity in SAR mission.
UH-60JA.
The Japan Ground Self-Defense Force ordered a utility variant of the UH-60L designated UH-60JA in 1995. The JGSDF began receiving the UH-60JA in 1997. It features improved avionics, including FLIR, Color weather radar, GPS receiver, a Night Vision Goggle compatible cockpit and wire cutter. The JGSDF plans to acquire 70.
The JGSDF plan was to replace its UH-1H helicopters which became obsolete. Due to budgetary constraints it was decided to replace the rotary wing fleet with a high-low combination of UH-60JA and UH-1J (an updated UH-1H) with the UH-60JA being the high and the UH-1J the low. By 2004 the budgetary constraints have driven the JGSDF to seriously consider eliminating either the UH-60JA or the UH-1J from the fleet, and purchasing just one type of airframe for the utility mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20768405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768405" title="UTSA Roadrunners football">
UTSA Roadrunners football

UTSA Roadrunners Football is an American football program that represents the University of Texas at San Antonio. The team is currently coached by Larry Coker. UTSA is a member of Conference USA of the football bowl subdivision in all sports, having joined July 1st, 2013. UTSA began practicing in August 2010, and began competing as an NCAA Division I FCS independent on September 3, 2011. Prior to joining C-USA, UTSA was a member of the Western Athletic Conference for one year. UTSA was a member of the WAC from 2012 to 2013, and began their transition to the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). The team plays its home games at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas, which also serves as home to the Alamo Bowl. In April 2012, it was announced that UTSA would join Conference USA on July 1, 2013, following its approval from the University of Texas System Board of Regents to allow the school to accept an invitation, negotiate and finalize terms with the league. UTSA was FBS transitional in 2012 and 2013, and becomes a bowl eligible full FBS member in 2014.
History.
Start-up and organization (2006–2010).
In February 2006, the University of Texas at San Antonio approached Carr Sports Associates, Inc. to conduct a feasibility study and make recommendations to the university regarding an expansion of the athletics department. In November of that year, UTSA was given the final results of that study. Following the recommendations of CSA, the university facilitated a student referendum in September 2007 to gauge support for a fee increase. Nearly 66% of student voters supported the fee increase. 
In December 2008, after the approval of the UTSA administration, the university presented the University of Texas System Board of Regents with a long-term plan that followed the feasibility study recommendations to build an $84 million athletic complex and the fee increase for their approval. It was approved by the board soon thereafter.
In January 2009, UTSA launched a campaign to raise money for the program dubbed the "Step Up UTSA" initiative. With a goal of $15 million USD, the campaign is meant to help fund coaches salaries, player scholarships, and construction of practice fields.
On February 4, 2009, former Miami head coach Larry Coker announced he had applied for the head coaching job. Later that month it was announced that Coker along with Tulsa's co-defensive coordinator Paul Randolph and Mel Tjeerdsma, head coach from Northwest Missouri State were the finalists for the position. On March 5, 2009, the "San Antonio Express-News" reported that Larry Coker, who had won the 2001 national championship as head coach of the Hurricanes, had earned the position. The next day Coker was officially announced as the Roadrunners' first head football coach in a press conference. On April 22, 2009, Coker announced the addition of Mike Menefee, Eric Roark, and David Ross to the roster as assistant football coaches.
On June 4, 2009 UTSA unveiled the team's inaugural helmet design. The design was done by Ohio-based Rickabaugh Graphics, and had final approval by Coker. On January 20, 2010, the program announced the hiring of Travis Bush as offensive coordinator. Bush had previously worked in the same capacity for his alma mater, Texas State.
Although plans for conference and subdivision affiliation were unclear, Lynn Hickey, UTSA's athletic director had strongly hinted at plans for UTSA to join their current conference, the Southland Conference (a member of the Division I FCS subdivision) in September 2009. However in late January 2010, Hickey stated that the football program would attempt to join the Division I FBS subdivision by 2014 instead, citing an overall disappointment for previous plans. This entailed UTSA joining the subdivision as an independent until finding admission to a conference.
On February 3, 2010, National Signing Day, UTSA officially announced their inaugural signing class. The twenty-seven students consisted mainly of incoming freshmen, including two transfer students who were currently sophomores at the university. Seven of the student athletes were considered all-state performers from their high school careers. The class was heavily recruited from the Greater San Antonio area, as fourteen players were from such area high schools. Each player for the inaugural class was redshirted during the 2010 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
On March 16, 2010 UTSA announced Neal Neathery as defensive coordinator for the team. Neathery had last served in the same position for Drake.
In an effort to move the program to the FBS, UTSA had discussions with the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) about joining that conference after they lost Boise State to the Mountain West Conference during the summer of 2010.
In July 2010, the Northside Independent School District announced a three-year agreement that allowed UTSA to use Dub Farris Athletic Complex for practice. On September 15, 2010, UTSA held its first-ever practice at the stadium. 
On November 10, 2010, it was reported that the WAC had offered UTSA, along with fellow Southland conference member Texas State and Sun Belt Conference member Denver an invitation to join its conference that would take effect in 2012. Denver would join as a non-football school. Such an invitation was an effort to offset the departures of Boise State, Fresno State, and Nevada to the Mountain West Conference during the early stages of the 2010–13 NCAA conference realignment. The following day, UTSA announced it had accepted the invitation.
Larry Coker era (2011–present).
UTSA played its first game against Northeastern State on September 3, 2011 at the Alamodome. With attendance of 56,743, UTSA set a record for the highest-attended game for an NCAA Division I FCS start-up program. UTSA finished their first season with a record of 4–6, and set a record for the largest average home attendance for a new football program with 35,521. This topped the previous record from South Florida of 33,038 in 1997.
UTSA followed up its initial campaign with an 8–4 second season as an FBS transitional member, including going 3–3 in the WAC. UTSA closed out its season with a 38–31 win over rival Texas State before an announced crowd of 39,032 at the Alamodome. For the 2012 season, UTSA averaged 29,226 in attendance. Due to being a transitional FBS member, UTSA was not eligible for a bowl.
In its third campaign, UTSA played a full schedule of FBS opponents. In their second year of 2 transitional FBS seasons, UTSA was eligible for the C-USA championship. UTSA was only eligible for a bowl under certain criteria, such as if there were not enough bowl eligible teams. UTSA counted as an FBS opponent for bowl eligibility in 2013, and becomes fully bowl eligible in 2014. UTSA opened the 2013 season with a victory on the road against MWC member New Mexico, before losing at home to Big 12 member Oklahoma State before an announced crowd of 40,977. For the season, despite being picked last in the preseason media poll, UTSA finished at 7-5 overall, with a 6-2 record in conference, and averaged 29,214 in attendance. UTSA finished second in the West division, behind Rice. As a second year FBS transition team, UTSA however, was not selected for a bowl.
Rivals.
Texas State.
UTSA and Texas State faced off for the first time in the football continuation of the I-35 Maroon/Orange Rivalry between the two schools in the Alamodome November 24, 2012. The Bobcats lost the game to the UTSA Roadrunners by a score of 38 to 31 and, thus hold an 0 - 1 disadvantage to UTSA. The future of the rivalry is in question, as Texas State will be moving to the Sun Belt Conference in 2013 and UT-San Antonio will move to Conference USA. Texas State has proposed a home and home series between the two schools every year, while UTSA prefers to play in the Alamodome every year with the two teams alternating as the "home" team every year financially.

</doc>
<doc id="20768406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20768406" title="Kpatcha Gnassingbé">
Kpatcha Gnassingbé

Kpatcha Gnassingbé (born 6 September 1970) is a Togolese politician. He is a son of Gnassingbé Eyadéma, who was President of Togo from 1967 to 2005, and a brother of Faure Gnassingbé, who has been President since 2005. From 2005 to 2007, Kpatcha Gnassingbé was Minister of Defense, and since 2008 he has been a Deputy in the National Assembly of Togo. In April 2009, he was arrested on suspicion on plotting to overthrow his brother.
Political career.
Gnassingbé was born in Lomé, the capital; both of his parents were from northern Togo. During his father's presidency, he was closely associated with the military and worked as Director-General of the Company for the Administration of the Free Zone (SAZOF) in Lomé. Upon his father's death in February 2005, his brother Faure assumed the presidency, and on 20 June 2005 Kpatcha was appointed to the government as Minister of Defense.
In the October 2007 parliamentary election, Gnassingbé was the first candidate on the candidate list of the Rally of the Togolese People (RPT) in Kozah Prefecture and won a seat in the National Assembly. However, he resigned from the National Assembly on 26 November 2007 due to incompatibility of functions, as he was still serving as Minister of Defense.
Gnassingbé was excluded from the government that was appointed on 13 December 2007, and subsequently he sought to regain his parliamentary seat. He therefore resigned as Director-General of SAZOF and as head of the Board of Directors of the Togolese Cotton Company (SOTOCO), and he informed the President of the National Assembly of his willingness to take his seat again on 12 February 2008; accordingly, the Constitutional Court restored him to his seat in a decision issued on 14 February 2008, as he no longer held any positions incompatible with the role of Deputy.
Kpatcha Gnassingbé was viewed as a hard-liner within the RPT regime, while his brother Faure was seen as having more reformist tendencies. He was a member of the RPT Political Bureau.
2009 arrest and subsequent events.
Kpatcha Gnassingbé's home was stormed by elite special forces on 12 April 2009, and two soldiers were reported killed in fighting there. The purpose of the assault was officially said to be the arrest of individuals allegedly involved in a plot "to undermine state security", and a number of arrests were reported. Soldiers returned to Gnassingbé's home on 14 April, although he was not present at the time. Gnassingbé sought asylum at the United States embassy in Lomé on 15 April, but the embassy refused to grant him asylum, and he was arrested at the scene by Togolese soldiers. According to state prosecutor Robert Bakai, there was "serious and corroborating evidence" indicating that Kpatcha Gnassingbé was behind a plot to overthrow his brother Faure. Bakai said on 17 April that the conditions of Gnassingbé's detention were "acceptable" and "humane". He also described Gnassingbé as "a respectable citizen who has served the nation".
The opposition Union of the Forces of Change (UFC) criticized the arrest, saying that Gnassingbé enjoyed parliamentary immunity. However, his case was legally treated as one of "flagrante delicto"; according to the constitution, deputies could be arrested and tried without the formal lifting of their immunity by a vote of the National Assembly only in cases of "flagrante delicto".
Faure Gnassingbé, speaking on state television on 17 April 2009, alleged the existence of a coup plot, saying that the coup was supposed to occur while he was out of the country on a visit to China. He did not specifically mention Kpatcha in that address. Additional arrests followed in the subsequent weeks; those arrests reportedly included another brother, Essolizam Gnassingbé.
Citing Gnassingbé's parliamentary immunity, the UFC appealed to the Constitutional Court regarding Gnassingbé's arrest on 26 October 2009, but the Court rejected the appeal on 4 November.
In an interview with the news agency Agence France-Presse in February 2010, Faure Gnassingbé stressed the importance of "building a lawful state" when discussing his brother's case: "We could settle it in the family, more simple, but it is a question of credibility. We cannot say on one side we are for reforms and on the other settle such cases surreptitiously, on the side."

</doc>
