<doc id="20754249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754249" title="Robert Francois">
Robert Francois

Robert Joseph Francois (born May 14, 1985) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Boston College.
Francois has also been a member of the Detroit Lions.
Early years.
Francois played tight end and safety for the Governor Dummer Academy. As a senior he gained Team MVP and All-New England honors. He was a two-time All-Independent League first-team selection and played in the 2004 Massachusetts Shriners Football Classic. Francois also excelled on GDA's basketball and track teams. In 2003, he won the New England Class C 100-meter title. Before attending GDA, Francois went to Ross Sterling High School in Baytown, Texas.
College career.
After redshirting in 2004, Francois played in all twelve games in 2005. He registered 28 tackles (16 solos), 2.0 tackles for loss, one fumble recovery, making at least one tackle in every game. His first collegiate action came during the season opener at Brigham Young and made his first tackle late in the first quarter. He finished the game with one unassisted tackle and one assisted. He made one solo tackle against Boise State in the MPC Computers Bowl.
Francois played in all thirteen games in 2006, starting in seven. He had 52 tackles, 29 solo stops, 3.5 tackles for loss, and recovered three fumbles. He had four tackles (two solo) against Navy in the Meineke Car Care Bowl.
Francois finished the 2007 season with 39 total tackles (26 solos), 2 tackles for loss, and 0.5 sacks in thirteen games. He made five tackles (three solo) and including an assist on a tackle-for-loss against Virginia Tech in the ACC Championship. He registered 3 solo tackles in BC's win over Michigan State in the Champs Sports Bowl.
Francois started every game as a senior after Brian Toal broke his leg.
Professional career.
Minnesota Vikings.
After going undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft, Francois was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent. He was waived on August 18 after the team signed quarterback Brett Favre.
Detroit Lions.
Francois was claimed off waivers by the Detroit Lions on August 19, 2009. He was waived on August 30.
Green Bay Packers.
Francois was signed to the Green Bay Packers practice squad December 7, 2009. On January 11, 2010 Francois signed a reserve/future contract. On October 13, 2010 he was promoted to the active roster due to the injuries of Nick Barnett and Brandon Chillar. Francois was released on November 9, 2010 but re-added to the practice squad on November 15.Francois was then reactivated for the December 5, 2010 game and remained on Packers active roster for the rest of the season and post-season including Super Bowl XLV 
On March 15, 2013, Francois re-signed with the Packers on a one-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20754250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754250" title="Bates 141">
Bates 141

Bates 141 is an advertising and marketing agency and a member of the WPP Group, and was renamed simply "Bates" in 2011.
History.
The Bates brand was born in 1940, when Ted Bates opened his first office, Ted Bates Inc., in New York. Ted eventually built his company into the world’s fourth largest agency group and expanded his business for 26 years without losing a single client.
Ted Bates’ empire launched in Asia in the early 1960s after acquiring a stake in Cathay Advertising from George Patterson, an Australian advertising executive. Cathay Advertising was an agency founded in 1946 to service the advertising needs of the Cathay Group in Hong Kong and Singapore. It was used by Bates as a vehicle to drive expansion in the region so that by the late 1960s Ted Bates Inc. was already operating in Manila, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore and Hong Kong.
Public service.
The agency's CSR efforts include: China Hong Qi School, Cambodia Sunrise Film Project, 
Notable events.
2000:
2003: BatesAsia 141 is born
2006:
2007:
2008:

</doc>
<doc id="20754260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754260" title="Nemo Gould">
Nemo Gould

Nemo Gould (b. October 3, 1975) is an American artist and sculptor known widely for his kinetic found-object sculpture as well as two-dimensional graphic work. Much of his work presents whimsical aluminum and wooden robotic and sci-fi creatures of as-yet unnamed and threatening genus and species. He cites Clayton Bailey as an early and inspirational influence.
Gould was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and grew up in Nevada City, California. He earned his BFA from the Kansas City Art Institute in 1998, the Alma Mater of both of his parents, potter Linda Webb Elfert and ceramic artist and sculptor Arthur Gould. Nemo Gould holds a Master’s Degree in Fine Arts from the University of California-Berkeley. His work has been shown at the San Jose Museum of Art, the Berkeley Art Museum, and the Arizona Museum for Youth
Gould was chosen in 2007 as an Artist in Residence at San Francisco Recycling and Disposal, Inc.’s Solid Waste Transfer and Recycling Center, an honor and opportunity highly coveted among the Bay Area’s found object artists, who are given free access to the tons of consumer detritus collected daily at the dump.
His work has been featured frequently in national media including the Discovery Channel, Wired Magazine, Travel and Leisure, Make Magazine and The San Francisco Chronicle.
Nemo Gould lives in Oakland, California with his wife Nancy Leung.

</doc>
<doc id="20754308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754308" title="Lionel Samson">
Lionel Samson

Lionel Samson (1799-15 March 1878) was an early Swan River Colony settler and businessman whose firm, Lionel Samson & Son, is the oldest continuing family business in Australia.
It is likely his father was Michael Samson, “a member of one of the old established and wealthy families of English Jewry”, according to the Australian Dictionary of Biography. After studying at Oxford University and being a member of the London Stock Exchange he emigrated to Western Australia.
Samson arrived at Fremantle in 1829 on the "Calista" and soon set up business as a wine and spirit merchant, importer and auctioneer. He purchased Fremantle town lots 27 and 28 in the first state land sale. He was postmaster-general from 1830 to 1832. In 1835 he obtained the state’s first liquor license. In 1842 he returned to Britain and married Frances Levi. They had six children: three sons and three daughters. Samson was a member of the Fremantle Town Trust and a nominee in the Western Australian Legislative Council in 1849-56 and 1859-68.
Lionel Samson & Son's interests include wholesale liquor distribution, vineyards and wine making, woven bulk bags for industrial use and industrial packaging. It also owns Sadleirs Transport, a national transport and freight forwarding company.
Lionel Samson Building, in Cliff Street, Fremantle, is on the Heritage Council of Western Australia’s Places Database.
Samson’s grandson Frederick Samson was mayor of Fremantle from 1951 to 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20754310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754310" title="USRC Gallatin">
USRC Gallatin

USRC "Gallatin" was the name of more than one ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service:

</doc>
<doc id="20754313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754313" title="Maqbara">
Maqbara

The Arabic word Maqbara ("mausoleum"; "plural": Maqâbir) is derived from the word Qabr, which means grave. Though maqbara refers to the graves of all Muslims, it refers especially to the graves (Raula or Rauza) of religious figures or Waliyullahs who dedicated their life to Islam, striving to be true Muslims and training others to follow Islam as preached by the Islamic prophet, Muhammad.
In Asian countries, maqbara also refers to the Dargah of Waliyullahs, Sufis, Sheikhs, Imams, Qutbs and Ghouses. There are a large number of Dargahs of Waliyullahs all over India, and their maqbaras are found therein.
Madurai Maqbara.
In Madurai, South Tamil Nadu, the term Maqbara generally refers to the Dargahs of three saints: Meer Ahmad Ibrahim Waliyullah Al Kabir, Meer Amjad Ibrahim Waliyullah As Saghir, and Syed Abdus Salaam Ibrahim Saalim Waliyullah.The graves of all three sheikhs are located in the Kazimar big mosque (Periya Pallivasal) in the heart of Madurai city, which is the cultural capital of Tamil Nadu in South India.

</doc>
<doc id="20754331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754331" title="Water supply and sanitation in Senegal">
Water supply and sanitation in Senegal

"This article was created in February 2010. Please feel free to update it if need be.
Water supply and sanitation in Senegal is characterized by a relatively high level of access compared to the average of Sub-Saharan Africa. One of the interesting features is a public-private partnership (PPP) that has been operating in Senegal since 1996, with Senegalaise des Eaux (SDE), a subsidiary of Saur International, as the private partner. It does not own the water system but manages it on a 10-year lease contract with the Senegalese government. Between 1996 and 2003, water production has increased by 18 percent with 81,000 new household connections and 400 standpipes. According to the World Bank, "the Senegal case is regarded as a model of public-private partnership in sub-Saharan Africa". Another interesting feature is the existence of a national sanitation company in charge of sewerage, wastewater treatment and stormwater drainage, which has been modeled on the example of the national sanitation company of Tunisia and is unique in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Access.
In 2004 76% of the population of Senegal had access to an improved water source (compared to an average of 56% for Sub-Saharan Africa) and 57% had access to adequate sanitation (compared to an average of 37% for Sub-Saharan Africa). Concerning water supply, there is a significant gap between urban areas (92%) access) and rural areas (60%). For sanitation, access rates display an even starker gap between urban (79%) and rural (34%) areas. In urban areas, 75% have access to water connections in their house or yard and another 17% rely on water kiosks and standpipes. Concerning sanitation, only 19% of the urban population are connected to sewers while another 60% are served by septic tanks or improved household-level latrines.
Source: Joint Monitoring Program for Water and Sanitation of WHO and UNICEF
A key data sources for these access figures is the Senegalese survey as part of the WHO's World Health Survey of 2003. The figure for access to an improved source of water in urban areas reported in the survey (92%) is somewhat lower than the figure reported by the utility SDE and subsequently quoted, among others, by the World Bank (98%).
Service quality.
Water supply in most cities in Dakar and most other cities in Senegal is continuous. In 1994, service was still provided 16 hours per day on average. Faced with an increasing demand from newly connected users and constraints on water resources, the private operator initially only distributed the supply interruptions more equitably among neighborhoods in Dakar. However, the average hours of supply per day were increased to 19 hours in 2001 and continuous water supply was achieved in 2006. This was facilitated by the expansion of a water pipeline from Lac de Guiers in 1999.
Concerning drinking water quality, in 2004 97.7% of water samples were in conformity with microbiological water norms, up from 96% in 1996.
Water resources.
Senegal's climate is tropical with well-defined dry and humid seasons. Dakar's annual rainfall of about 600 mm occurs between June and October. The mean annual precipitation ranges from 270 mm/yr in the North to 1793 mm/yr in the South. Interior temperatures are much higher than along the coast.
The largest water resource in the country is the Senegal River in the North, shared with Mauritania, Mali and Guinea. Its average flow is 37 billion cubic meters per year. The Lac de Guiers is an important water reservoir in the Upper Delta of the Senegal River on its left bank with a storage volume of almost 500 million cubic meters. It is a chief source of fresh water for the city of Dakar, hundreds of kilometers to the south-west, through underground pipes. While the water of the Senegal River is abundant, water in most of the rest of the country is scarce. Other major surface water bodies include the Casamance River, the Gambia River, the Saloum River, the Geba River, the Falémé River and the Tamna lagoon near Thiès.
Senegal has about 3 billion cubic meters per year of renewable groundwater resources, excluding those groundwater resources that overlap with surface water. Total water withdrawals in 1987 were 1.4 billion cubic meter, of which 92% is for agriculture, 3% for industry and 5% for domestic uses. Groundwater reserves include shallow aquifers which are 0–20 m deep in the Casamance and deep in Kaolack and Tamba, as well as crop-outs in the area of Dakar and Thiès. They also include deep aquifers at a depth of . Groundwater stocks are estimated at 7 billion cubic meters.
Groundwater overexploitation is a serious problem in parts of Senegal. For example, Mont Rolland, 70 kilometers from Dakar, used to be famous for its mineral springs. Today, villagers need to drill as deep as 80 meters to pump water. The village's groundwater was seriously depleted by over-extraction by the mineral water company, which closed its doors recently. Almost 80 percent of Senegalese horticulturalists are located around Mont Rolland.
Dakar is supplied primarily with water drawn from fossil aquifers that run the risk of being over-exploited and contaminated by salt water intrusion. Some water is being brought in from the Ngnith water treatment plant on the Lake Guiers through a pipeline whose capacity was increased in 1999. Because of growing demand and the need to close contaminated boreholes, even more surface water will have to be brought from the Senegal River over a distance of about 240 km, which entails high investment costs to further expand the capacity of the existing pipeline. The additional volume of water that would be abstracted from the Senegal River is expected to gradually increase from 0.5 m³/s to about 6.0 m³/s in 2030. The required needs are well within Senegal's water rights under the agreements with neighboring countries. However, abstraction of such large quantities of water would have a significant environmental impact on the Lake Guiers and the Senegal River Delta. Furthermore, future low-flow situations of the Senegal River are difficult to predict in the light of climate change and uncertainties about the operations of the Manantali Dam.
Most of the wastewater of Dakar is discharged without treatment into the Atlantic Ocean. Cambérène wastewater treatment plant, the largest facility in operation in the country, treats about 15 percent of the wastewater generated in Dakar. Since 2007 the station is being operated and expanded by the French company SAUR. Some of the treated wastewater is being reused. As of 2007, reuse was being practiced for a golf course and was envisaged for the irrigation of trees, green spaces and vegetable gardens after tertiary treatment.
Infrastructure.
Sanitation In 2005 ONAS operated a sewer network of 773 km, 57 sewage pumping stations, 7 wastewater treatment plants, and had 70,931 subscribers in Dakar, Saint-Louis, Rufisque, Louga, Thiès, Saly and Kaolack. It also operated 113 km of stormwater drains and 7 stormwater pumping stations in Dakar and 4 towns.
Responsibility for water supply and sanitation.
Policy.
The "Ministère de l'Urbanisme, de l'Habitat, de l'Hydraulique urbaine, de l'Hygiène publique et de l'Assainissement" is in charge of policy setting for urban water supply and sanitation.
The "Ministère de l'Hydraulique rurale et du Réseau hydrographique national" is in charge of rural water supply. These responsibilities were previously under the Ministry of Agriculture.
The "Ministère de l'Environnement, de la Protection de la Nature, des Bassins de rétention et des Lacs artificiels" is in charge of certain aspects of water resources management.
The government has launched a Water and Sanitation Program for the Millennium (PEPAM) to reach the Millennium Development Goals for water supply and sanitation. The program is not a project, but provides a framework for all stakeholders in the sector. The objectives until 2015 are as follows:
In rural areas:
In urban areas:
Service provision.
Responsibility for urban water supply is shared between the Senegalese national water company ("Société Nationale des Eaux du Senegal" (SONES)), a holding company, and "Sénégalaise des Eaux" (SDE), a private operating company. Initially, the French water company SAUR owned a 51% share in SDE, the remaining 49% being divided between the Senegalese state (5%), private Senegalese individuals (39%) and the employees (5%). As of 2011, SAUR was not listed any more as a shareholder on the website of SDE. Instead its shares are held by the West African infrastructure holding company Finagestion, which in turn is majority-owned by the US-based, Africa-focused private equity fund Emerging Capital Partners.
The "Office National de l’Assainissement du Sénégal" (ONAS) is in charge of sanitation.
In rural areas, user associations called "Associations d’usagers de forages ruraux" (ASUFOR) manage water systems supplied by tubewells. The state obliges them to sign maintenance contracts with private companies, in order to ensure the sustainability of the systems. In addition, they can also delegate operation of their systems to private operators.
Innovative approaches.
Among various innovative approaches introduced in the Senegalese water sector over the past decade, the country-wide lease (affermage) contract, the Public-Private-NGO-Community Partnership for standpipes in Dakar, and the use of small enterprises to maintain rural and small town water systems with the support of micro-credits stand out particularly.
Affermage for urban water supply.
One of the best-known and successful innovative approaches in water supply in Senegal is the lease (affermage) contract signed in 1996. According to the Senegalese government, the number of clients of SDE increased from 241,671 in 1996 to 454,712 in 2007. Out of the more than 210,000 new connections, 120,000 were social connections serving the poorest population, primarily on the outskirts of Dakar.
According to the World Bank, the government was successful at reaching the poor through the establishment of a national fund to allow the private operator to subsidize Social Connections. It aimed at providing improved services to the poor for a lower price. Social connections were free, while a connection fee was charged for ordinary connections aimed at wealthier households. SDE and SONES worked through a large NGO to identify the need for social connections. In addition, the private operator set up a decentralized and computerized network of payment booths. This made payments by domestic clients easier, and improved customer services. The operator’s remuneration was based on the amount of water produced and sold, creating an incentive to serve as many customers as possible while reducing water losses.
A 2006 study by the Boston Institute for Developing Economies (BIDE) estimated the total net benefits of the lease contract at a staggering US$457 million, of which the bulk accrued to customers who received better access to higher volumes of water, and to the government, with only small benefits accruing to the public and private owners of the water company (US$ 6 million). Losers included foreign lenders (US$ 14 million) and employees (US$ 10 million) through lower increases in wages and benefits compared to the period prior to the reform and through a small reduction in employment.
Selection of the private operator The private operator was selected competitively in a two-stage bidding process. Four bidders, all of them French, participated in the first stage: Générale des Eaux (now Vivendi Environnement), Lyonnaise des Eaux (now SUEZ), the Société d'Aménagement Urbain et Rural (SAUR), and CISE (which has since merged with SAUR). 
The two-stage process entailed inviting pre-qualified bidders to submit a first-stage technical proposal that is evaluated, after which each bidder was invited to a meeting to discuss the shortcomings of their technical proposal. A potentially difficult situation arose when SAUR was invited to bid, as SAUR already had a long-standing relationship with SONEES. SAUR had been working as an advisor to SONEES since 1980. The government considered eliminating them from the bidding, but the World Bank did not agree. Instead, SONEES was instructed to finish up all contracts, end all contact, and provide SAUR with no access to their operation four months before the bidding took place. Finally, all four bidders were invited to submit revised technical proposals, accompanied by financial bids. All four bidders responded. Lyonnaise des Eaux was eliminated as the submission was non-compliant. After further discussions, the bid from Générale des Eaux was also eliminated, as they refused to entirely endorse some of the requirements of the contract. The two remaining bidders, CISE and SAUR, were then invited to present second-stage bids. When these were opened on October 25, 1995, SAUR was announced the winner, based on price. SAUR had bid a water supply rate of 236 FCFA per cubic meter, which at the time was 62 percent of the average tariff.
Criticism According to critics, such as the Dakar-based regional NGO Aide Transparence, the number of connections has increased from a much lower base of 203,902 in 1996 to only 264,161 in 2002. This contrasts with SDE figures which state that the number of connections was 338,398 in 2002. According to the report by Aide Transparence, "consumers often complain about a reduction in water quality" and that "the use of mineral water has never before been so widespread in Senegal", without providing any specific figures. It also says that "in certain areas or at certain points in the year" there is no tap water for a whole day or even for several days.
Community partnership for standpipes in Dakar.
Another innovative approach is the community partnership with SONES, SdE and an international NGO with local roots, Enda Tiers-Monde, to select the location for standpipes, build and to operate them. The program installs metered standposts to serve poor households who previously used polluted well water. The program is demand-responsive rather than relying on supply-side targeting of the poor. Community involvement is strong—they are heavily involved in planning, construction and maintenance, leading to strong ownership and near 100 per cent cost recovery. All standposts are metered—the households pay the standpost operator whilst the operator pays the utility for bulk water. The community itself chooses the operator (or a group of rotating operators) who may work for the community for a salary or occasionally for themselves for a share. There are two types of standpipe schemes—in one SONES fully finances the cost of the infrastructure, in the other ENDA finances the infrastructure. This latter scheme, known as the ‘Eau Populaire’ program, began in 1995. The SONES scheme has installed roughly 250 standposts, the ENDA scheme roughly 130. In 2001, an estimated 200,000 people had received access to potable water thanks to the ‘Eau Populaire’ project. The project has led to a significant drop in waterborne illnesses in children. It has also led to the creation of several hundred jobs (standpost operators who receive between 30,000 and 80,000 CFA per month), as well as funding other local projects via standpost receipts.
Rural water supply.
In rural areas, the government supported the introduction of more sustainable management models for piped water systems using boreholes since 1999 through the pilot project REGEFOR in Central Senegal. Among the innovative features of the project are the use of metering and volumetric pricing, mandatory maintenance contracts with private sector companies and support through micro-credit. The first pilot project covered 80 boreholes. In 2009 a private maintenance company is to be contracted for 621 boreholes in the central area of Senegal, and until January 2010 all the country's 1,400 boreholes are to be under private maintenance contracts.
History and recent developments.
First public-private partnership (1960-71).
1960-71: The "Compagnie Générale des Eaux du Sénégal", a subsidiary of the Compagnie Générale des Eaux of France is in charge of urban water supply in Senegal under a lease (affermage) contract.
Public management (1971–mid-1990s).
1971: Under President Léopold Senghor, an advocate of African socialism, the state nationalizes the water company and creates the national public water company "Société Nationale d'Exploitation des Eaux du Sénégal" (SONEES). At least in rural areas water is provided for free.
1983: Under President Abdou Diouf (1981-2000), SONEES signs a concession contract with the government. In rural areas, water tariffs are being introduced using flat fees per household in the absence of metering.
1994: The government embarks on a year-long process to design sector reforms, including a series of workshops and advice from the World Bank and an assessment of reforms in other countries.
Second public-private partnership (since mid-1990s).
1995: The government decides to delegate urban water service provision to the private sector under a lease contract in its first letter of development policy.
1996: SONEES is dissolved and three new companies are created: Société Nationale des Eaux du Sénégal (SONES), the state asset holding company, Sénégalaise des Eaux (SDE), the private operating company, and the Office National de l’Assainissement du Sénégal (ONAS), the public sanitation company. SONES owns the assets, is in charge of investments in infrastructure, and regulation of SDE. SDE is responsible for operation, regular maintenance, some investment for system expansion, as well as billing and collection. According to the World Bank, good relationships were helped by the fact that no major layoffs were necessary during the reforms, as the utility was not very overstaffed to begin with.
1998: SONES and SDE successfully renegotiate several unattainable targets in the contract without resorting to arbitration or litigation.
1998: A "Conseil Supérieur de l’Eau", presided by the Prime Minister, is created to set policies for water resources management and water supply.
1999: The pilot project REGEFOR is initiated in Central Senegal with the support of the French Development Agency AFD with the objective to develop new management principles based on the disengagement of the State in favor of users and the private sector: metering, volumetric pricing, trained managers and technicians and clear relationships between the different actors. This required a “cultural revolution” among villagers and within the administration, whose responsibility to maintain the equipment was transferred to the private sector.
2000: Change of government after Presidential elections that are won by the opposition leader Abdoulaye Wade.
2001: Second letter of development policy and effectiveness of the World Bank-supported Long-Term Water Sector Project. Water and sanitation policies are pursued without major changes.
2002: Sénégalaise Des Eaux is certified according to the ISO 9001 norm, version 2000, by the French association for quality assurance AFAQ. SdE is the first Senegalese company that has received an ISO certification and the first African company certified according to the ISO 9001 norm based on customer satisfaction management.
2005: Third letter of development policy. The Water and Sanitation Program for the Millennium (PEPAM) is created. In rural areas, the pilot project REGEFOR is completed successfully and its approach is now being introduced at a national level.
2006: The lease contract with SDE is extended by five more years. A performance contract is signed with SONES.
2008: The government signs a performance contract with ONAS.
Financial aspects and efficiency.
The financial policy of the sector, as defined in 1994, is based on the following key principles:
Tariffs and cost recovery.
Urban water tariffs SDE applies an increasing-block tariff, which includes three blocks:
In Dakar water is also sold in buckets at standpipes for 30 CFA (US$ 0.06) per 25 litre bucket, equivalent to US$ 2.40/m³. Guardians of standpipes are small entrepreneurs who buy water from the utility and sell it to their customers.
The NGO Public Citizen has criticized the tariff structure in Senegal, because the poorest who tend to rely on standpipes pay the highest tariffs, "which amounts to 350 percent of the social tariff". In addition, families in low-income areas may share one connection and consequently consume at the "dissuasive" rate. According to Public Citizen, this leads to a situation in which the poorest families subsidize the water of rich families who use normal amounts of water and qualify for the "social" tariff.
A World Bank study acknowledges that standpipe users pay more for water, noting that the government sees them as a temporary solution and intends to reach all the poor with private connections. However, still according to the same World Bank study, this policy suffers from a "major flaw": the very criteria that make a household eligible for the subsidy more or less guarantee that it is not poor. Social connection programs are intended for stable neighborhoods where the residents have
established themselves. In order to obtain a social connection, an applicant must have title to the
land, and an existing house must be located on it. A household that can afford this, and can afford to build a permanent house, is not among the poorest of the poor.
Price increases have been limited to no more than 3 percent per annum in nominal terms under the performance targets, the same as the rate of inflation, thus keeping tariffs constant in real terms. The average water tariff increased from 350 FCFA/m³ in 1995 (US$ 0.72/m³ at the exchange rate of 489 CFA/US$) to 496 FCFA/m³ (US$1.09/m³ at the exchange rate of 456 CFA/m³) in 2007.
Cost recovery for urban water All the financial costs for water supply are entirely recovered, which is highly unusual for a water utility in Sub-Saharan Africa. Interest-free long-term loans provided by international financial institutions to the Senegalese government are on-lent to the asset holding company and are recovered from users through the bills issued and collected by SDE.
Tariffs and cost recovery for sewerage A sanitation surcharge of US$0.05/m³ is levied by SDE on behalf of ONAS on water customers in all cities with a sewer network. The surcharge represents six percent of the water bill for households using 50 m³ per month of water. Revenues generated by this surcharge are insufficient to finance ONAS operations and maintain sewerage and drainage networks. Achieving financial sustainability of ONAS and finding means to devote resources for on-site sanitation promotion and development remains a major challenge for the sub-sector.
While municipalities are not responsible for sanitary or stormwater drainage, they are nevertheless supposed to transfer a portion of the property tax (amounting to US$0.5 million) to ONAS, through the equipment fund for municipalities, to finance operation and maintenance of drainage facilities. However, at least until 2001, these resources were not made available to ONAS.
Collection efficiency in urban areas Tariff collection by SDE reached a rate of 98 percent, up from less than 80 percent before the project according to one World Bank source. According to SDE and another World Bank source the tariff collection rate indeed averaged 98% in 2001-2006, but it was only slightly lower at 96% in 1996. The lease contract was signed in April 1996.
Tariffs and financing policy in rural areas In rural areas beneficiary communities contribute 20% to initial investments and 80% is financed by the government. Operation, maintenance and replacement costs are to be recovered through tariff revenues.
Investments and financing.
Investment According to the Senegalese government, financing equivalent to 260 billion FCFA (about US$ 500 million using the 2008 exchange rate) has been mobilized between 1996 and 2006 through the "Projet Sectoriel Eau" (PSE) and the "Projet Eau à Long Terme" (PELT). According to other reports, US $300 million were invested in Senegal's water partnership. According to the World Bank, total project cost for Senegal Water Project (including sanitation) was US$290 million for which IDA provided US$100 million. IDA provided another US$125 million equivalent under the follow-up Long Term Water Sector Project.
The budget of the PEPAM for the period 2005-2015 is 515 billion FCFA (about US$1 billion), including 274 billion FCFA for rural areas and 241 billion FCFA for urban areas.
Financing Most of the investments in the sector are being financed by donors through zero-interest loans from the World Bank's International Development Association and the African Development Bank or grants from other donors, complemented by government counterpart funds. Investments of US$20 million were financed by the private operator over the first ten years of the lease. In 1996, Citibank and the "Compagnie Bancaire de l'Afrique Occidentale" (CBAO) provided a maximum line of credit of 21.4 million US dollars (11 billion F CFA) over six years to assist the asset-holding company SONES with its cash flow.
Efficiency.
Water losses, mostly from leakages, dropped to less than 20 percent in 2006, from 32 percent in 1996. The decline translates to a savings equal to the water needs of 930,000 people.
External cooperation.
The World Bank, The United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the African Development Bank, the European Investment Bank, the French Development Agency (AFD), Germany and the West African Development Bank (BOAD) are among the largest donors in the Senegalese water sector.
In 1995, the World Bank provided a US$100 million IDA credit to the government of Senegal to implement its reform plans. It was followed by a US$ 125 million Long-Term Water Sector Project which became effective in June 2001. In 2006 it also approved a US$ 7.7 million Output-based aid project to support access to on-site sanitation services in Dakar, implemented by ONAS, the public works agency AGETIP and an NGO.
The European Investment Bank (EIB) has granted two loans (EUR 15 million in 1995 and EUR 16 million in 2001) to the Senegalese Government under the Long-Term Water Project to finance water supply services in Dakar. In November 2007 the EIB signed two additional financing agreements with SONES, in support of Senegal’s National Drinking Water and Sewerage Programme for the Millennium (PEPAM). A European Development Fund (EDF) subsidy of CFAF 5.7 billion (EUR 8.6 million) and an EIB loan of CFAF 9.8 billion (EUR 15 million) complete the financing of SONES’s total investment programme of CFAF 38 billion (EUR 58 million). Under the project, more than 60 urban centres, including Dakar, will benefit from schemes to rehabilitate, upgrade and extend the drinking water supply network, reaching more than 500,000 people over four years. The planned works comprise the creation of 25 new boreholes, construction of a water treatment plant, extension of the supply network by more than 500 km and installation of 50,000 subsidized connections and 360 standpipes. The four finance providers involved have undertaken to harmonise their procedures, implementing the commitments made under the Paris Declaration on the harmonisation of development aid.

</doc>
<doc id="20754349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754349" title="MRS-1706">
MRS-1706

MRS-1706 is a selective inverse agonist for the adenosine A2B receptor. It inhibits release of interleukins and has an antiinflammatory effect.

</doc>
<doc id="20754357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754357" title="USCGC Gallatin">
USCGC Gallatin

USCGC Gallatin has been the name of more than one ship of the United States Coast Guard:

</doc>
<doc id="20754363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754363" title="Sherril Huff">
Sherril Huff

Sherril Huff is the current Director of Elections of King County, Washington. In 1984, Huff ran in the 23rd Legislative race against Ellen Craswell, and got 46% of the vote.
Career.
Originally from Kitsap County Huff spent two years as Assistant Director of the elections department at King County, Washington. Before that she worked for eight years as the municipal services coordinator for Bremerton and was an Assistant Director of the state lottery and Deputy Mayor and City Council member for Bremerton.
Huff managed the change to countywide voting by mail, enabling King County to become the largest jurisdiction in the United States where elections are conducted entirely through the mail service. Vote-by-mail was then used to select the position of Director of County Elections, which she won.
Interests.
Sherill Huff has been a chair and team leader for the YMCA "Partners with Youth" Campaign and co-chair at the Naval Undersea Museum. Huff also works as a voluntary mentor at an Elementary school and is a board member of the Admiral Foundation and a number of community organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20754365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754365" title="Charles James Freeborn">
Charles James Freeborn

Charles James Freeborn was a graduate of Yale University in 1899, where he was a member of the St. Elmo Society. He was one of the earliest Yale men to volunteer for active service in World War I. He was a Captain in the United States Army, and a recipient of the Croix de Guerre from the French for his service. After the War ended, four years of active service left him too weak to recover from influenza, and, as a result, pneumonia ensued. On February 13, 1919, three weeks after his demobilization, Freeborn died in his home in Paris. He is buried in Oakland, California at Mountain View Cemetery

</doc>
<doc id="20754376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754376" title="Riad Hammadou">
Riad Hammadou

Riad Hammadou (born December 5, 1976 in Algiers) is a former Algerian footballer. He played the majority of his career for the French club Lille OSC.
Club career.
Hammadou played for Lille and AS Beauvais Oise in the Ligue 1 and Ligue 2. He also had a spell in the Greek Super League with PAS Giannina F.C. during the 2002-03 season. He suffered a serious knee injury during a match against Panathinaikos in March 2003, and his career ended after just four matches with the club.
Honours.
Lille OSC

</doc>
<doc id="20754405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754405" title="Bangladesh Shipping Corporation">
Bangladesh Shipping Corporation

Bangladesh Shipping Corporation is a state-owned, autonomous corporation in Bangladesh. It owns a number of ships and oil tankers, and also charters sea-going vessels from other operators. The vessels are used to carry ready-made garments and other export items, and also to import crude oil from Banglapedia.
History.
The Shipping corporation was founded on 5 February 1972, under presidential order number 10, right after the independence of Bangladesh. It purchased its first ship in 1974. The ship was named "Banglar Doot" (Ambassador of Bengal). As of 2001, the corporation owned 13 ships, two of which are oil tankers.
Headquarters.
The main headquarter of the is in the port city of Chittagong. There are branch offices in both Dhaka and Khulna. Although it is a semi-autonomous body, the minister of shipping of the Government of Bangladesh acts as the chairman of the corporation. The corporation operates dockyards in Khulna and Chittagong.

</doc>
<doc id="20754413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754413" title="Gajdusek">
Gajdusek

Gajdusek is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20754415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754415" title="John P. McCormick">
John P. McCormick

John Patrick McCormick (born March 5, 1950), known professionally as John P. McCormick, is a former correspondent for Newsweek and the current deputy editorial page editor for the "Chicago Tribune". Before joining the "Tribune", he was "Newsweek's" Midwest correspondent for 18 years. He was the recipient of the American Society of Newspaper Editors' 2002 Distinguished Writing Award for Editorial Writing, for his editorials on the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the Afghanistan War, the "Renaissance of Black Chicago", and efforts to sell naming rights for the Soldier Field. In December 2008, he also drew considerable attention for his role in the Rod Blagojevich scandal.
Early life and education.
A native of Manchester, Iowa, McCormick earned a bachelor's degree in 1972 from Northwestern University, majoring in political science and journalism.
Professional career.
During college, McCormick worked as a night copy boy for the "Chicago Daily News". He has joked that his "most noble responsibility at the Daily News was to fetch cheeseburgers for columnist Mike Royko." He began his career as a reporter and columnist at the Dubuque, Iowa "Telegraph Herald". 
Work at Newsweek.
Around 1982, McCormick joined "Newsweek" as its Midwest correspondent, where he would work for the next 18 years. 
For his final 13 years at Newsweek, McCormick served as the newsweekly's Chicago bureau chief. While at Newsweek, McCormick covered a variety of Midwest and national stories, including Chicago's Gangster Disciples street gang, the Tribune Company's purchase of Times Mirror Corporation, a hazing incident at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and public housing in Chicago.
Career at the Chicago Tribune.
In 2000, McCormick joined the Chicago Tribune.
McCormick is not to be confused with another "Chicago Tribune" editorial employee, reporter John D. McCormick, who covered the campaign of Barack Obama.
Awards for Editorial Writing.
McCormick received the American Society of Newspaper Editors 2002 Distinguished Writing Award for Editorial Writing, for his editorials on the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the Afghanistan War, the "Renaissance of Black Chicago", and plans for a new football stadium in Chicago. And in 2003, he received the Scripps Howard Foundation's Walker Stone Award for a series entitled "Homicide: The Chicago Crime' Also in 2003, McCormick was also featured by Poynter Online in its series on "Best Newspaper Writing".
Rod Blagojevich scandal.
In tape-recorded conversations in November and December 2008, Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, allegedly discussed threats to withhold $100 million or more in state money for renovations to the Chicago Cubs' Wrigley Field baseball stadium, which is owned by Chicago Tribune parent Tribune Company, unless McCormick was fired by the "Chicago Tribune". 
In a first-person essay titled "Life on Blago's enemies list", McCormick expressed his bafflement at being singled out by Blagojevich. He wrote, "If somebody did try for more than a month to extort or otherwise muscle the Chicago Tribune—a newspaper I sold as a child—it did not work. I did not know about it. My boss did not know about it. His boss did not know about it. I hope you fathom how gratifying that is." McCormick also noted that he "never had a personal tiff" with Blagojevich, who had always been cordial when he visited the "Tribune" for editorial board meetings. McCormick further said that he did write many editorials strongly critical of Blagovich, who he described as "the governor who cannot govern."
Personal.
McCormick and his wife, Dawn, have two sons, Michael and Conor, and live in La Grange Park, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20754461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754461" title="Information Rules">
Information Rules

Information Rules is a 1999 book by Carl Shapiro and Hal Varian applying traditional economic theories to modern information-based technologies. The book examines commercial strategies appropriate to companies that deal in information, given the high "first copy" and low "subsequent copy" costs of information commodities, such as music CDs or original texts.
Content.
The book examines competing standards, and how a company might influence widespread consumer acceptance of one over another, such as VHS versus Betamax, or HD DVD versus Blu-ray. The book mentions possible business strategies of such publishers as Encyclopædia Britannica who have to confront how to stay viable as technology changes the value and availability of information.

</doc>
<doc id="20754464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754464" title="Filament Games">
Filament Games

Filament Games is a Madison, Wisconsin based educational video game developer founded in 2005 by partners Daniel White, Daniel Norton, and Alexander Stone. They are a design and production studio specializing in the creation of authentic gameplay mechanics that are also accurate representations of educational content. By actively embedding learning objectives within game activities, Filament's games help players transform their play experience into real world knowledge.
Filament’s design philosophy is closely based on the scholarship of Kurt Squire, Constance Steinkuehler, and James Paul Gee, who pioneered much of the research about the value of games as teaching tools. Filament is also a close affiliate of the annual Games Learning and Society Conference.
The company received national recognition for their series of civics games launched by Sandra Day O'Connor for iCivics, her civics-education initiative. These games include "Do I Have a Right?", "Executive Command", and "Liberty Belle's Immigration Nation". Filament has also developed games for the JASON Project at National Geographic, and is currently working with MIT’s Education Arcade to build an MMO to help high school students learn STEM subjects. In spring of 2011, Filament’s game "You Make Me Sick!", in which the player acts as a virus and tries infect a host, won the developer prize in the National STEM Award Video Game Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="20754504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754504" title="Anaphyllopsis">
Anaphyllopsis

Anaphyllopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The genus was created in 1988 by Hay in order to account for the differences of "Cyrtosperma americanum" from other "Cyrtosperma" species. The decision was to create a genus named "Anaphyllopsis" and rename "Cyrtosperma americanum" as "Anaphyllopsis americanum". Two other species from the Amazon were subsequently added, "Anaphyllopsis pinnata" and "Anaphyllopsis cururuana". The leaves of "Anaphyllopsis" are characteristic of being pinnate. "Anaphyllopsis" is quite similar in appearance to the genus "Anaphyllum".

</doc>
<doc id="20754512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754512" title="Open Security Foundation">
Open Security Foundation

The Open Security Foundation (OSF) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit public organization "founded and operated by information security enthusiasts". The OSF manages several projects including the Open Source Vulnerability Database (OSVDB), Data Loss Database (DatalossDB), and Cloutage.
The OSF was established in 2005 to function as a support organization for open source security projects. It was originally conceived and founded to support the OSVDB project, but its scope evolved to provide support for numerous other projects.
The foundation allows organizations and individuals to provide charitable contributions to support open source security projects that provide value to the global community. The foundation also provides guidance, legal, administrative, policy guidelines, and other support to numerous projects.
The Open Security Foundation was conceived by Chris Sullo, Brian Martin, and Jake Kouns in early 2004, and obtained official US 501(c)3 non-profit status in April, 2005.
In 2011, OSF partnered with Risk Based Security to receive commercial support for their projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20754547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754547" title="2009 Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito season">
2009 Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito season

Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito's 2009 season was the club's 56th year in professional football, and the 48th in the top level of professional football in Ecuador. The club participated in their 14th Copa Libertadores, where they unsuccessfully defended their 2008 title. The club also participate in, and won, their first Recopa Sudamericana. They also won their first Copa Sudamericana title.
This season marked the second coaching tenure of Uruguayan Jorge Fossati. He previously led the team between 2003 and 2004, and led the team to their 7th national championship in 2003.
Club.
Personnel
Kits<br>
Squad information.
Note: Caps and goals are of the national league and are current as of the beginning of the season.
Competitions.
Pre-season.
LDU Quito played two preseason friendlies prior to the start of the Serie A season
"La Noche Blanca" is the club's official presentation for the season. They hosted Colombian club Santa Fe.
Serie A.
2009 is the club's 48th season in the top-level of professional football in Ecuador. The first game of the season began on January 31, with LDU Quito's first game on February 1.
First Stage.
The First Stage was a double round-robin tournament. LDU Quito finished 2nd and qualified to the Third Stage with 2 bonus points.
Second Stage.
Liga was placed into Group 1 with Barcelona, Deportivo Cuenca, El Nacional, LDU Portoviejo, and Macará. They will also play Deportivo Quito in a ""clásico"". They finished first in their group and earned an extra bonus point toward the Third Stage.
Third Stage.
LDU Quito has qualified to the Third Stage twice, and has earned 3 bonus points for this stage. They are placed into Group 1 with Deportivo Quito, Macará, and Manta. This stage is scheduled to begin on October 18 and end on November 22.
Fourth Stage.
Liga qualified to the Third-place Playoff of the Fourth Stage. They competed against Emelec for third-place and a berth in the 2010 Copa Libertadores First Stage.
Copa Libertadores.
As the defending champion, LDU Quito automatically earned a berth in this year's tournament. This was the 14th time the club participated in the continent's premier club tournament. They were drawn into the Group 1 along with 2008 Copa do Brasil winner Sport Recife, the Chilean 2008 Clausura champion Colo-Colo, and the winner of the 5th preliminary match Palmeiras. The Group Stage began on February 11, with LDU Quito's first game on February 17. 
LDU Quito started their title defense on a high note with a 3–2 home win against Palmeiras. This win was followed by two successive shut-out away losses in Recife and Santiago. A close home draw followed against Colo-Colo. Their last two matches were losses away and at home. They were eliminated from the competition on April 22 when Colo-Colo lost to Sport Recife.
Recopa Sudamericana.
As the 2008 Copa Libertadores champion, LDU Quito qualified for this year's Recopa Sudamericana. They played against the 2008 Copa Sudamericana winner Sport Club Internacional in a two-legged match-up. This is LDU Quito's first Recopa Sudamericana. Internacional previously won the competition in 2007. The first leg was played at Internacional's stadium, Beira-Rio in Porto Alegre. Argentine Claudio Bieler provided the lone goal of the game for Liga. The second leg, played back in Quito at La Casa Blanca, was won decisively by the home team 3 goals to none. Carlos Espínola, Claudio Bieler, and recently signed Enrique Vera provided the scores for Liga. The Recopa title is LDU Quito's second international title.
Copa Sudamericana.
LDU Quito qualified for the 2009 Copa Sudamericana on July 5. By finishing 2nd in the First Stage of the Serie A, Liga earned the "Ecuador 2" berth and started in the First Stage of the competition. Liga's opponent in the First Stage is Paraguayan club Libertad. The first leg was played at home at La Casa Blanca. Néicer Reasco scored the only goal of the match in stoppage time of the first half. The second leg, played in Asunción on August 25, ended in a draw. Javier González put the home team ahead in the first half. Édison Méndez scored a second half goal to keep LDU Quito the overall advantage. Liga's Round of 16 tie against Lanús opened at home. Argentine striker Claudio Bieler scored a hat-trick in the first half before Édison Méndez scored the final goal at the end of regulation time to give Liga a four goal advantage going into the second leg. In second leg, Lanús came out strong, but were unable to get one past goalkeeper Alexander Domínguez. Claudio Bieler finally broke the tie in the 71st minute with a long-range free-kick from outside the box. Santiago Salcedo tied it for the home team before the end of regulation. LDU Quito advanced to the Quarterfinals 4–1 on points. In the Quarterfinals, Liga played Vélez Sársfield, also from Argentina. In both games, Liga came from behind to get favorable results. In the first leg in Buenos Aires, Hernán Rodrigo López scored first for the locals to give them the lead. A brilliant play by Neicer Reasco led to a pass to Claudio Bieler who scored the equalizer, from the floor after being tripped, to give Liga an away goal and the tie. The second leg in Quito started the same after Hernán Rodrigo López scored first for Vélez to give them the overall advantage. But Enrique Vera and Carlos Espínola scored in the second half to give Liga the win and a place in the semifinals. In the Semifinals, Liga played River Plate from Montevideo, Uruguay. The first leg of the semifinal was played at the famed Estadio Centenario. River took the first leg 2–1 when Jorge Córdoba scored the winner in the second half of the match. Liga avenged their first loss in the tournament with a lopsided 7–0 win at home. Claudio Bieler scored another hat-trick in the tournament, in addition to goals from Carlos Espínola, Ulises de la Cruz, Miller Bolaños, and Édison Méndez. The win at home is officially the most lopsided win in the history of the tournament. Liga will play Brazilian club Fluminense in the Finals. This is a repeat of the 2008 Copa Libertadores Final. The first leg was played at home. Marquinho scored within the first minute of the game for Fluminense to put them ahead early. However, Liga persisted and answered back with a hat-trick by Méndez in the 21', 44, and 60'. Franklin Salas and Ulises de la Cruz added two more in the 78' and 87' to give Liga a huge 5–1 win and a four goal advantage going into the second leg. The second leg at Maracanã ended the same way it did in 2008: a Fluminense win. This time, Fluminense won 3–0 and was unable to overcome the four-goal difference. Liga won the Copa Sudamericana and become the Ecuadorian club to win CONMEBOL's three major tournaments.
Peace Cup.
LDU Quito were invited to participate in the 2009 Peace Cup, a friendly international club tournament organized by Sunmoon Peace Football Foundation, in Spain. For the Group Stage, they were drawn into Group B with Saudi Al-Ittihad and Spanish giants Real Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20754566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754566" title="Alípio">
Alípio

Alípio Duarte Brandão (born 7 June 1992), simply known as Alípio, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for AC Omonia in the Cypriot First Division, as a forward.
Early years.
Born in Brasília, Brazilian Federal District, Alípio left Brazil at the age of 14. An orphan, he moved to Portugal with his legal guardian Helber Damião, co-owner of the football school "Dois Toques". 
His first footballing rights were split between Damião, his original club in his homeland, Sport Club Internacional, and the team to where he moved, Rio Ave FC.
Club career.
In November 2008 Alípio joined Real Madrid for roughly €1.4million, without having made one single first-team appearance with Rio Ave. He scored two goals on his debut for the C-team which operated in Tercera División, and played his second game against CF Rayo Majadahonda in a 2–0 home win, as the team eventually finished in eighth position; he played most of his first two years, however, with the "Juvenil" side. 
After scoring in a training match against the Real Madrid first team on 11 February 2009, Alípio made his official debut for Real Madrid Castilla four days later, against Águilas CF, as an 87th-minute substitute for Miguel Palanca; thus, he became the youngest player to appear for the B-side in its history. During the ten minutes he played, he impressed spectators and his coaches alike with his ball skills.
In the 2010–11 season, aged 18, Alípio returned to Portugal, being sold to S.L. Benfica and signing a five-year contract with the top division powerhouse. In his first year in Lisbon he played for the under-19 side but, late into it, was loaned to Série C team América Futebol Clube (RN). 
Alípio returned to Benfica shortly after due to burocratic problems and was again loaned, now to Al Sharjah SC in the UAE Pro-League. After two years away from professional football he went on trial with AC Omonia, who later signed him to a permanent deal; he made his debut for his new club on 23 October, against Nikos & Sokratis Erimis for the season's Cypriot Cup. Three days later he first appeared in the First Division, coming from the bench to provide two assists in the 6–0 away routing of Doxa Katokopias FC.
Personal.
Alípio idolized Ronaldo while he was growing up. His compatriot also played professionally for Real Madrid, winning the 2002 FIFA World Cup with Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20754622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754622" title="Cement bond log">
Cement bond log

A cement bond log documents an evaluation of the integrity of cement work performed on an oil well. In the process of drilling and completing a well, cement is injected through the wellbore and rises up the annulus between the steel casing and the formation.
A sonic tool is typically run on wireline by a service company that detects the bond of the cement to the casing and formation via a principle based on resonance. Casing that is not bound has a higher resonant vibration than that which is bound, causing the imparted energy from the sonic signal to be transferred to the formation. In this sense, the amplitude of the waveform received is the basic measurement that is evaluated.
The data is collected by the tool and recorded on a log which is used by the oil producing company as an indicator of zonal isolation in the well. There are production reasons and legal reasons (governed by a petroleum regulatory body in each individual state) that dictate the well must have specific areas of isolation.

</doc>
<doc id="20754639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754639" title="Ange Leccia">
Ange Leccia

Ange Leccia (born 19 April 1952) is a contemporary French painter, photographer and film-maker. He works in Paris primarily with photography and video.
Leccia was born in Minerbio, Barrettali commune, in Corsica, and studied the fine arts. Initially he was engaged in both painting and photography, but as time passed he devoted himself more to photography and video as his chosen media.
Leccia is a lecturer at the École nationale supérieure d'arts de Cergy-Pontoise (ENSAPC). He also directs research for young artists at the Palais de Tokyo in Paris.
Leccia's first film was the short, "Stridura", in 1980. In December 2004, his film "Azé", made in 1999, was released. Like his earlier work, such as the shorts "Île de beauté" ("Island of Beauty") (1996) and "Gold" (2000), both co-produced with Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster, in "Azé" Ange Leccia continued to stress the light and sound effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20754650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754650" title="Vermont Route 215">
Vermont Route 215

Vermont Route 215 is a state highway in northern Vermont, United States. It runs from an intersection with U.S. Route 2 in Marshfield northeast to an intersection with Vermont Route 15 in Walden. Its main function is to serve the town of Cabot, home of the famous Cabot Creamery. Cabot is a rather isolated town, and Route 215 is the only major road to pass within a few miles of the town. The entirety of VT 215 is town-maintained.
Route 215's numbering is (perhaps coincidentally) appropriate, as it is a connection between US 2 and Route 15.
Route description.
Route 215 begins at an intersection with US 2 in the town of Marshfield. The road runs northeast through a very isolated area of northeastern Washington County as it enters the Lower Cabot area. As it continues northeast, it enters Cabot and directly serves the downtown area near the creamery. Route 215 continues to the northeast through more isolated area in the extreme northeast of the county, before crossing into the town of Walden in Caledonia County, ending at Route 15 shortly thereafter. Route 215 does not intersect any numbered routes between its two endpoints.

</doc>
<doc id="20754676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754676" title="Agni-V">
Agni-V

Agni-V is an intercontinental ballistic missile developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) of India. It is part of the Agni series of missiles, one of the missile systems under the original Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme. According to DRDO chief, the exact range of Agni V is "classified" but afterwards he described Agni V as a missile with a range of 5,500–5,800 km.
Development.
Senior defence scientist M. Natrajan disclosed in 2007 that DRDO was working on an upgraded version of the Agni III, known as the Agni-V (Earlier known as Agni-III* and Agni-IV), and that it would be ready in 4 years. The missile was to have a range of more than .
The Agni-V is expected to be operational by 2014 to 2015 after four to five repeatable tests by the DRDO. Indian authorities believe that the solid-fuelled Agni-V is more than adequate to meet current threat perceptions and security concerns. The missile will allow India to strike targets across Asia and into Europe. The missile was designed to be easy to transport by road through the utilization of a canister-launch missile system which is distinct from those of the earlier Agni missiles. Agni-V would also carry MIRV (multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles) payloads being concurrently developed. A single MIRV equipped missile can deliver multiple warheads at different targets.
With a "launch mass" of around and a development cost of over , Agni-V will incorporate advanced technologies involving ring laser gyroscope and accelerometer for navigation and guidance. It takes its first stage from Agni-III, with a modified second stage and a miniaturised third stage to ensure it can fly to distances of . With a canister-launch system to impart higher road mobility, the missile will give the armed forces much greater operational flexibility than the earlier-generation of Agni missiles. According to a source, the accuracy levels of Agni-V and the Agni-IV (first tested in November 2011), with their better guidance and navigation systems, are far higher than Agni-I (), Agni-II () and Agni-III (). According to the Project Director of Agni V, Tessy Thomas, the missile achieved single-digit accuracy in its second test.
Testing.
Preparation for testing.
The Indian defence minister A. K. Antony, addressing the annual DRDO awards ceremony, asked defence scientists to demonstrate the missile's capability at the earliest opportunity. DRDO chief V. K. Saraswat told Times of India in mid-2011 that DRDO had tested the three solid-propellant composite rocket motor stages of Agni-V independently and all ground tests had been completed. In September 2011, Saraswat confirmed that the first test flight would be conducted in 2012 from Wheeler Island off the Orissa coast.
In February 2012, a source revealed that DRDO was almost ready for the test, but there were scheduling and logistical issues since the missile was to traverse halfway across the Indian Ocean. Countries like Indonesia and Australia as well as international air and maritime traffic in the test zone had to be alerted 7– 10 days before the test. Moreover, Indian Navy warships, with DRDO scientists and tracking and monitoring systems, were to be positioned midway and near the impact point in the southern Indian Ocean.
First test launch.
On 19 April 2012 at 08.05 am, the Agni V was successfully test-fired by DRDO from Wheeler Island off the coast of Orissa. The test launch was made from the Launch Complex 4 of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler Island using a rail mobile launcher. The flight time lasted 20 minutes and the third stage fired the re-entry vehicle into the atmosphere at an altitude of . The missile re-entry vehicle subsequently impacted the pre-designated target point more than away in the Indian Ocean. The director of the test range, S.P. Das, informed BBC that all test parameters were met. According to news reports the Agni-V was able to hit the target nearly at pin-point accuracy, within a few metres of the designated target point.
Chinese experts say that the missile has the potential to reach targets 8000 km away and that the Indian government had deliberately downplayed the missile's capability in order to avoid causing concern to other countries. The exact range of Agni-V is classified.
Second test launch.
On September 15, 2013 India conducted a second test flight of Agni-V from the Wheeler Island off Odisha coast. The missile was test-fired from a mobile launcher from Launch Complex 4 of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at about 8:50 am. The flight duration was little over 20 minutes and hit the pre-designed target in the Indian Ocean with an accuracy of a few metres.
Description.
Propulsion.
The Agni-V is a three stage solid fuelled missile with composite motor casing in the second and third stage. In many aspects, the Agni-5 carries forward the Agni-3 pedigree. With composites used extensively to reduce weight, and a third stage added on (the Agni-3 was a two-stage missile), the Agni-5 can fly significantly more to inter-continental range.
Total flight duration for the first flight test of Agni-V on 20 April 2012 was for 1130 seconds. The first stage ignited for 90 seconds.
Mobility.
"The Agni-5 is specially tailored for road-mobility," explained Avinash Chander, Director, ASL. "With the canister having been successfully developed, all India's future land-based strategic missiles will be canisterised as well." The missile will utilise a canister and will be launched from it. Made of maraging steel, a canister must provide a hermetically sealed atmosphere that preserves the missile for years. During firing, the canister must absorb enormous stresses when a thrust of is generated to eject the missile.
MIRVs.
In future, Agni-V is expected to feature Multiple Independent Re-entry Vehicles (MIRVs) with each missile being capable of carrying 2–10 separate nuclear warheads. Each warhead can be assigned to a different target, separated by hundreds of kilometres; alternatively, two or more warheads can be assigned to one target. MIRVs ensure a credible second strike capability even with few missiles.
Reactions to testing.
Domestic.
In India, the success of the launch was received with much acclaim and widespread media coverage. Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh congratulated the DRDO by issuing a statement: "I congratulate all the scientific and technical personnel of the DRDO and other organisations who have worked tirelessly in our endeavour to strengthen the defence and security of our country. Today's successful Agni-V test launch represents another milestone in our quest to add to the credibility of our security and preparedness and to continuously explore the frontiers of science. The nation stands together in honouring the scientific community who have done the country proud." Missile program director Avinash Chander commented that the launch signified "giant strides taken by India in its integrated missile development programme." The Defence Minister A.K. Antony also congratulated the DRDO chief Dr. V.K. Saraswat and DRDO team including its Programme director Dr. Avinash Chander and said that "The immaculate success of the Agni-5 is a major milestone in the country's missile research and development programme." Kanwal Sibal, former foreign secretary of India wrote, "In reality, while self-restraint and attachment to peace do mark our policies, we choose soft options also because we are conscious of our weakness and lack of military preparedness. [..] China, in any case, possesses missiles with even longer range. Earlier it was India that was vulnerable to Chinese missiles and now the reverse will be true, creating a better balance in deterrence."
See also.
Related people

</doc>
<doc id="20754678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754678" title="Operator space">
Operator space

In functional analysis, a discipline within mathematics, an operator space is a Banach space "given together with an isometric embedding into the space "B(H)" of all bounded operators on a Hilbert space "H".". Equivalently, an operator space is a closed subspace of a C*-algebra. The appropriate morphisms between operator spaces are completely bounded maps.
The category of operator spaces includes operator systems and operator algebras. For operator systems, in addition to an induced matrix norm of an operator space, one also has an induced matrix order. For operator algebras, there is still the additional ring structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20754679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754679" title="Anaphyllum">
Anaphyllum

Anaphyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It consists of two species that are both endemic to southern India. They are found in marshes, have leaves with some pinnation, and have a twisted spathe. The two species in this genus are similar in appearance to those in the genus "Anaphyllopsis".

</doc>
<doc id="20754680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754680" title="Russell (surname)">
Russell (surname)

Russell also Rossell is an English name derived from the Anglo-Norman nickname "rus(Modern Norman patronymic "Roussel"). The nickname was a diminutive of the Anglo-Norman "rus" (Old French "ros"), meaning 'red' (only hair and skin colour) The nickname, with the diminutive suffix "-el" added, likely originated to denote "the reddish skinned or haired one" 
The name may also refer to Clan Russell, a Scottish armigerous clan.

</doc>
<doc id="20754695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754695" title="Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game">
Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game

The Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game () is an exhibition ice hockey game that marks the midway point of the Kontinental Hockey League's regular season, with many of the league's star players playing against each other. The starting lineup for the two teams, including the starting goaltender, is voted on by fans, while the secondary lines and goaltenders are voted upon by the media.

</doc>
<doc id="20754704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754704" title="A-Love">
A-Love

A-Love is a female Australian-based MC from Melbourne. Her debut album, "Ace of Hearts" was nominated 'Best Urban Release' in the ARIA Music Awards of 2008.
Biography.
A-Love was born Antonella Formosa in Rome, Italy on 21 March 1983. Formosa's father, Ric Formosa, a composer/arranger and an original member (lead guitarist) with the Australian band Little River Band and her mother, Vicki Formosa, was an R&B singer.
She attended Hawthorn Secondary College, graduating in 1999. Whilst her first experiences of playing music were with an all-girl band, which never made any public performances, she also discovered hip hop in high school and soon found herself waxing lyrical over beats.
In January 2000, Formosa met Draino from the Puah Hedz. He was keen to check out her writing and despite her reluctance, he made her feature on a track. The second track that she had ever recorded was with Muphin, which later became "Some People" which featured on the album "Despite the Odds". She has since appeared numerous times on Triple J's ‘The Hip Hop Show’, PBS' ‘The Formula’ (now ‘Hittin Switches’) and ‘Auscultation’, RRR's ‘Wordburner’ and RMIT University's SRA FM. She was progressing towards a Bachelor of Arts degree in Anthropology from La Trobe University and for two years she was the co-host of a hip hop radio show at La Trobe University.
May 2002 marked A-Love's official solo introduction to the Australian hip hop and media circles, with her song "Petty" from the album, "Culture of Kings Volume 2" (the first ever Australian hip hop feature album on Triple J). "Petty" was put on medium rotation on Triple J.
Formosa was a winner of the Nescafe Big Break competition in 2002, earning $20,000 with which to start up an independent record label and distribution company, Duality Records. As time progressed, she juggled the twin responsibilities of building a label and working on her own debut as an artist.
Formosa released her debut album, "Ace of Hearts" on November 24, 2007, on Crookneck Records. The album was produced by BVA (Mnemonic Ascent) with additional beats from Suffa (Hilltop Hoods) and Jase. Guests include Yungun (UK), Raph (Mnemonic Ascent), Spikey Tee (UK) and emerging indigenous MC Jim Blah. It was Triple J's 'Album of the Week' just three days after its release and was nominated for the 2008 ARIA Awards in the category of 'Best Urban Release'.
She was also nominated for two at the Jägermeister AIR (Australian Independent Record Labels Association) Awards in 2008, in the categories of 'Best New Independent Artist' and 'Best Independent Hip Hop Artist'.
Formosa has performed with Mystik Journeymen (US), Anticon, Hilltop Hoods, Pegz, MC Layla, Kowhai, Bliss n Eso, Scarz on 45, MC Que, TZU, Bias B and DJ Brand (Canada).

</doc>
<doc id="20754709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754709" title="Derrick Niederman">
Derrick Niederman

Derrick Corson Niederman is an author, mathematician, game designer, and national squash champion. His most recent game, 36 Cube, has been described by Reuters as "a wolf in sheep's clothing" because its simple design belies the sophisticated mathematical intuition required for the solution. He received a B.A. in mathematics from Yale and a Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT. Dr. Niederman is a math professor at the College of Charleston.
Published games.
"The New York Times Magazine" Sunday Crosswords 
Niederman has created a number of crossword puzzles and cryptic puzzles for "The New York Times Magazine" since the early 1980s. His October 5, 1997 crossword puzzle "Baseball by the Numbers" is often included in crossword puzzle anthologies. 
Puzzle and Game Books
Dr. Niederman has also published other game and puzzle books.
36 Cube
The 36 Cube is a puzzle that requires the arrangement of "towers" in a 6x6 square block so that each color appears only once in each row and column, all the same height. The completed puzzle will then be a cube. Jerry Slocum, a puzzle historian and one of the world's top puzzle collectors, finds 36 Cube one of the most engaging puzzles in his extensive collection. "My first impression was that it was quite a beautiful puzzle. Its three-dimensional character and colors are very striking. Out of the 30,000 puzzles I own, it's quite distinctive and unique." Dr. Niederman came up with the idea while writing a book on whole numbers, after unearthing a mathematical supposition from the 18th century. "It struck me as the basis for a potentially great 3-D puzzle, and what eventually became 36 Cube."

</doc>
<doc id="20754714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754714" title="Barry Armitage">
Barry Armitage

Barry Peter Armitage (born 11 May 1979 in Durban) is a South African baseball pitcher. Armitage was the first South African-born baseball player ever to make an appearance in any Major League Baseball game when he threw an inning for Kansas City Royals against the Houston Astros in a 2005 exhibition game.
Career.
Armitage signed with the Royals following a try-out in front of then assistant general manager Allard Baird in 2000. He made his professional debut later that year with the Gulf Coast Royals of the Gulf Coast League in the United States. Armitage left the Royals farm system following two seasons with the Wichita Wranglers of the AA Texas League. Armitage played in 2007 in the Atlantic League with the Newark Bears and Lancaster Barnstormers. Armitage did not play professionally in 2008.
International career.
Armitage has played with the South Africa national baseball team in various tournaments throughout his career. He played in the World Baseball Classic in 2006 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20754715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754715" title="Vote for Love">
Vote for Love

Vote for Love is a 1996 album by Kenny Rogers released exclusively for sale on QVC.

</doc>
<doc id="20754735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754735" title="TalkBank">
TalkBank

TalkBank is a multilingual corpus established in 2002 and currently directed and maintained by Brian MacWhinney. The goal of TalkBank is to foster fundamental research in the study of human and animal communication. It contains sample databases from within several subfields of communication, including first language acquisition, second language acquisition, conversation analysis, classroom discourse, and aphasic language. It uses these databases to advance the development of standards and tools for creating, sharing, searching, and commenting upon primary linguistic materials via networked computers.
TalkBank contains CHILDES (Child Language Data Exchange System), a corpus of first language acquisition data.

</doc>
<doc id="20754738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754738" title="Berkemer v. McCarty">
Berkemer v. McCarty

Berkemer v. McCarty, , was a decision of the United States Supreme Court which ruled that, in the case of a person stopped for a misdemeanor traffic offense, once they are "in custody", the protections of the Fifth Amendment apply to them pursuant to the decision in "Miranda v. Arizona" 384 U.S. 436 (1966). Previously, some courts had been applying Miranda only to more serious offenses. The court however, stated that
Background.
An officer observed the defendant’s car weaving in and out of its traffic lane. The officer stopped defendant and asked him to get out of his car. The officer noticed that the defendant was having difficulty standing. The defendant’s speech was slurred and difficult to understand. Defendant could not perform a “balancing test” without falling. 
The officer then asked the defendant if he had consumed any intoxicants. Defendant said that he drank two beers and smoked several joints of marijuana shortly before being stopped. The officer then arrested the defendant and took him to the county jail where the defendant took an intoxilyzer test. The test results were negative for the presence of alcohol. 
The officer then resumed questioning the defendant. The defendant responded affirmatively when asked if had been drinking. When asked if he was under the influence of alcohol said "I guess, barely." At no time was the defendant advised of his Miranda rights.
The trial court denied the defendant’s motion to suppress his pre and post arrest statements. After exhausting his state appeals, the defendant filed a motion for writ of habeas corpus. The federal district court denied the motion. The court of appeals reversed holding that “Miranda warnings must be given to all individuals prior to custodial interrogation, whether the offense investigated is a felony or a misdemeanor traffic offense, and that respondent's post-arrest statements, at least, were inadmissible.” The Supreme Court granted certorari to consider two issues - whether the Miranda rule applies to defendants charged with a misdemeanor and whether an investigative detention is equivalent to Miranda custodial interrogation.
Opinion of Court.
The Miranda rule prohibits the use of testimonial evidence in criminal proceedings that is the product of custodial police interrogation unless the police properly advised the defendant of his Fifth Amendment rights and the defendant knowingly, intelligently and voluntarily waived those rights and agreed to talk to the police. The circumstances triggering the Miranda safeguards are "custody" and "interrogation." Custody means formal arrest or the deprivation of freedom to an extent associated with formal arrest. Interrogation means explicit questioning or actions that are reasonably likely to elicit an incriminating response. Unquestionably the defendant in Berkemer was interrogated. In fact, he was interrogated twice - prearrest roadside questioning and post arrest questioning at the jail. In neither case had the officer advised the defendant of his Miranda rights. As for post arrest interrogation, the defendant was in custody since he had been arrested. The issue for the court was whether to create an exception to Miranda for custodial interrogations that related to minor offenses. 
The Supreme Court declined to carve out such an exception because to do so would sacrifice the certainty and clarity of the Miranda rule. The pre arrest interrogation raised the issue of whether detention was equivalent to custody for purposes of the Miranda rule. 
The court found that there were two significant differences between interrogation of person taken into custody and detainees. First was the length of the detention. Investigative detentions were brief and usually culminated in the issuance of a citation and release of the defendant. Second, the circumstances attendant to roadside detention were substantially less coercive and compulsive than those typically surrounding custodial interrogation. Specifically the Court noted that during most traffic stops the actions of the officer were "exposed" to public view and that stops typically involved only one or two officers.

</doc>
<doc id="20754754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754754" title="True Norwegian Black Metal">
True Norwegian Black Metal

True Norwegian Black Metal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20754756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754756" title="Obstacle-free zone">
Obstacle-free zone

The obstacle-free zone (OFZ) is a 3D volume of airspace below , above the established airport elevation which protects for the transition of aircraft to and from the runway. The Obstacle Free Zone (OFZ) clearing standard precludes taxiing and parked airplanes and object penetrations, except for frangible navigation aid (NAVAID) locations that are fixed by function. It is centered above the runway and the extended runway centerline and is intended to provide clearance protection for aircraft landing or taking off from the runway and for missed approaches. The OFZ is subdivided into:

</doc>
<doc id="20754760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754760" title="Kublai Khan">
Kublai Khan

Kublai Khan (; , "Xubilaĭ xaan"; , "King Qubilai"; September 23, 1215 – February 18, 1294), born Kublai (, "Xubilaĭ"; ; ; also spelled Khubilai) and also known by the temple name Shizu (), was the fifth Khagan (Great Khan) of the "Ikh Mongol Uls" (Mongol Empire), reigning from 1260 to 1294, and the founder of the Yuan Dynasty, a division of the Mongol Empire.
Kublai was the fourth son of Tolui, and his second son with Sorghaghtani Beki, and a grandson of Genghis Khan. He succeeded his older brother Möngke as Khagan in 1260, but had to defeat his younger brother Ariq Böke in a succession war lasting until 1264. This episode marked the beginning of disunity in the empire. Kublai's real power was limited to China and Mongolia, though as Khagan he still had influence in the Ilkhanate and, to a far lesser degree, in the Golden Horde. If one counts the Mongol Empire at that time as a whole, his realm reached from the Pacific to the Black Sea, from Siberia to modern day Afghanistan – one fifth of the world's inhabited land area.
In 1271, Kublai established the Yuan Dynasty, which ruled over present-day Mongolia, China, Korea, and some adjacent areas, and assumed the role of Emperor of China. By 1279, the Yuan forces had overcome the last resistance of the Southern Song Dynasty, and Kublai became the first non-Chinese Emperor to conquer all of China. He was also the only Mongol khan after 1260 to win new conquests.
The summer garden of Kublai Khan at Xanadu is the subject of Samuel Taylor Coleridge's 1797 poem "Kubla Khan". This poem and Marco Polo's earlier book brought Kublai and his achievements to the attention of a wider audience, and today Kublai is a well-known historical figure.
Early years.
Kublai was the fourth son of Tolui, and his second son with Sorghaghtani Beki. As his grandfather Genghis Khan advised, Sorghaghtani chose a Buddhist Tangut woman as her son's nurse, whom Kublai later honored highly. On his way home after the conquest of the Khwarizmian Empire, Genghis Khan performed a ceremony on his grandsons Möngke and Kublai after their first hunt in 1224 near the Ili River. Kublai was nine years old and with his eldest brother killed a rabbit and an antelope. His grandfather smeared fat from killed animals onto Kublai's middle finger in accordance with a Mongol tradition.
After the Mongol–Jin War, in 1236, Ögedei gave Hebei Province (attached with 80,000 households) to the family of Tolui, who died in 1232. Kublai received an estate of his own, which included 10,000 households. Because he was inexperienced, Kublai allowed local officials free rein. Corruption amongst his officials and aggressive taxation caused large numbers of Chinese peasants to flee, which led to a decline in tax revenues. Kublai quickly came to his appanage in Hebei and ordered reforms. Sorghaghtani sent new officials to help him and tax laws were revised. Thanks to those efforts, many of the people who fled returned.
The most prominent, and arguably the most influential component of Kublai Khan's early life was his study and strong attraction to contemporary Chinese culture. Kublai invited Haiyun, the leading Buddhist monk in North China, to his ordo in Mongolia. When he met Haiyun in Karakorum in 1242, Kublai asked him about the philosophy of Buddhism. Haiyun named Kublai's son, who was born in 1243, Zhenjin ("True Gold" in English). Haiyun also introduced Kublai to the former Taoist and now Buddhist monk, Liu Bingzhong. Liu was a painter, calligrapher, poet and mathematician, and became Kublai's advisor when Haiyun returned to his temple in modern Beijing. Kublai soon added the Shanxi scholar Zhao Bi to his entourage. Kublai employed people of other nationalities as well, for he was keen to balance local and imperial interests, Mongol and Turk.
Kublai's victory in North China.
In 1251, Kublai's eldest brother Möngke became Khan of the Mongol Empire, and Khwarizmian Mahmud Yalavach and Kublai were sent to China. Kublai received the viceroyalty over North China and moved his ordo to central Inner Mongolia. During his years as viceroy, Kublai managed his territory well, boosted the agricultural output of Henan and increased social welfare spendings after receiving Xi'an. These acts received great acclaim from the Chinese warlords and were essential to the building of the Yuan Dynasty. In 1252 Kublai criticized Mahmud Yalavach, who was never highly valued by his Chinese associates, over his cavalier execution of suspects during a judicial review and Zhao Bi attacked him for his presumptuous attitude toward the throne. Möngke dismissed Mahmud Yalavach, which met with resistance from Chinese Confucian-trained officials.
In 1253, Kublai was ordered to attack Yunnan, and he asked the Kingdom of Dali to submit. The ruling Gao family resisted and killed Mongol envoys. The Mongols divided their forces into three. One wing rode eastward into the Sichuan basin. The second column under Subutai's son Uryankhadai took a difficult route into the mountains of western Sichuan. Kublai went south over the grasslands and met up with the first column. While Uryankhadai travelled along the lakeside from the north, Kublai took the capital city of Dali and spared the residents despite the slaying of his ambassadors. Duan Xingzhi, the last king of Dali, was appointed by Möngke Khan as the first local ruler; Duan accepted the stationing of a pacification commissioner there. After Kublai's departure, unrest broke out among certain factions. In 1255
and 1256, Duan Xingzhi was presented at court, where he offered Mengu, the Yuan Emperor Xienzhong, maps of Yunnan and counsels about the vanquishing of the tribes who had not yet surrendered. Duan then led a considerable army to serve as guides and vanguards for the Mongolian army. By the end of 1256, Uryankhadai had completely pacified Yunnan.
Kublai was attracted by the abilities of Tibetan monks as healers. In 1253 he made Drogön Chögyal Phagpa, of the Sakya order, a member of his entourage. Phagpa bestowed on Kublai and his wife, Chabi (Chabui), a Tantric Buddhist initiation. Kublai appointed Uyghur Lian Xixian (1231–1280) the head his pacification commission in 1254. Some officials, who were jealous of Kublai's success, said that he was getting above himself and dreaming of having his own empire by competing with Möngke's capital Karakorum (Хархорум). The Great Khan Möngke sent two tax inspectors, Alamdar (Ariq Böke's close friend and governor in North China) and Liu Taiping, to audit Kublai's officials in 1257. They found fault, listed 142 breaches of regulations, accused Chinese officials and executed some of them, and Kublai's new pacification commission was abolished. Kublai sent a two-man embassy with his wives and then appealed in person to Möngke, who publicly forgave his younger brother and reconciled with him.
The Taoists had obtained their wealth and status by seizing Buddhist temples. Möngke repeatedly demanded that the Taoists cease their denigration of Buddhism and ordered Kublai to end the clerical strife between the Taoists and Buddhists in his territory. Kublai called a conference of Taoist and Buddhist leaders in early 1258. At the conference, the Taoist claim was officially refuted and Kublai forcibly converted 237 Taoist temples to Buddhism and destroyed all copies of the Taoist texts. Kublai Khan and the Yuan dynasty clearly favored Buddhism, while his counterparts in the Chagatai Khanate, the Golden Horde and the Ilkhanate later converted to Islam at various times in history - Berke of the Golden Horde being the only Moslem during Kublai's era (his successor remained a pagan).
In 1258, Möngke put Kublai in command of the Eastern Army and summoned him to assist with an attack on Sichuan. As he was suffering from gout, Kublai was allowed to stay home, but he moved to assist Möngke anyway. Before Kublai arrived in 1259, word reached him that Möngke had died. Kublai decided to keep the death of his brother secret and continued the attack on Wuhan, near the Yangtze River. While Kublai's force besieged Wuchang, Uryankhadai joined him.
The Song Dynasty minister Jia Sidao secretly approached Kublai to propose terms. He offered an annual tribute of 200,000 taels of silver and 200,000 bolts of silk, in exchange for Mongol agreement to the Yangtze River as the frontier between the states. Kublai at first declined, but later reached a peace agreement with Jia Sidao.
Enthronement and civil war.
Kublai received a message from his wife that his younger brother Ariq Böke had been raising troops, and returned north to the Mongolian plains. Before he reached Mongolia, he learned that Ariq Böke had held a "kurultai" (Mongol great council), at the capital Karakorum, which had named him Great Khan with the support of most of Genghis Khan's descendants. Kublai and the fourth brother, the Il-Khan Hulagu opposed this. Kublai's Chinese staff encouraged Kublai to ascend the throne, and almost all of the senior princes in North China and Manchuria supported his candidacy. Upon returning to his own territories, Kublai summoned his own kurultai. Few members of the royal family supported Kublai's claims to the title, though the small number of attendees included representatives of all the Borjigin lines except that of Jochi. This kurultai proclaimed Kublai Great Khan, on April 15, 1260, despite Ariq Böke's apparently legal claim.
This led to warfare between Kublai and Ariq Böke, which resulted in the destruction of the Mongolian capital at Karakorum. In Shaanxi and Sichuan, Möngke's army supported Ariq Böke. Kublai dispatched Lian Xixian to Shaanxi and Sichuan, where they executed Ariq Böke's civil administrator Liu Taiping and won over several wavering generals. To secure the southern front, Kublai attempted a diplomatic resolution and sent envoys to Hangzhou, but Jia broke his promise and arrested them. Kublai sent Abishqa as new khan to the Chagatai Khanate. Ariq Böke captured Abishqa, two other princes and 100 men and had his own man, Alghu, crowned khan of Chagatai's territory. In the first armed clash between Ariq Böke and Kublai, Ariq Böke lost and his commander Alamdar was killed at the battle. In revenge, Ariq Böke had Abishqa executed. Kublai cut off supplies of food to Karakorum with the support of his cousin Kadan, son of Ögedei Khan. Karakorum quickly fell to Kublai's large army, but following Kublai's departure it was temporarily re-taken by Ariq Böke in 1261. Yizhou governor Li Tan revolted against Mongol rule in February 1262 and Kublai ordered his Chancellor Shi Tianze and Shi Shu to attack Li Tan. The two armies crushed Li Tan's revolt in just a few months and Li Tan was executed. These armies also executed Wang Wentong, Li Tan's father-in-law, who had been appointed the Chief Administrator of the "Zhongshusheng" ("Department of Central Governing") early in Kublai's reign and became one of Kublai's most trusted Han Chinese officials. The incident instilled in Kublai a distrust of ethnic Hans. After becoming emperor, Kublai banned granting the titles of and tithes to Han Chinese warlords.
Chagatayid Khan Alghu, who had been appointed by Ariq Böke, declared his allegiance to Kublai and defeated a punitive expedition sent by Ariq Böke in 1262. The Ilkhan Hulagu also sided with Kublai and criticized Ariq Böke. Ariq Böke surrendered to Kublai at Xanadu on August 21, 1264. The rulers of the western khanates acknowledged Kublai's victory and rule in Mongolia. When Kublai summoned them to a new "kurultai", Alghu Khan demanded recognition of his illegal position from Kublai in return. Despite tensions between them, both Hulagu and Berke, khan of the Golden Horde, at first accepted Kublai's invitation. However, they soon declined to attend the "kurultai". Kublai pardoned Ariq Böke, although he executed Ariq Böke's chief supporters.
Reign.
Great Khan of the Mongols.
The suspicious deaths of three Jochid princes in Hulagu's service, the Siege of Baghdad and unequal distribution of war spoils strained the Ilkhanate's relations with the Golden Horde. In 1262, Hulagu's complete purge of the Jochid troops and support for Kublai in his conflict with Ariq Böke brought open war with the Golden Horde. Kublai reinforced Hulagu with 30,000 young Mongols in order to stabilize the political crises in the western regions of the Mongol Empire. When Hulagu died on February 8, 1264, Berke marched to cross near Tiflis to conquer the Ilkhanate but died on the way. Within a few months of these deaths, Alghu Khan of the Chagatai Khanate also died. In the new official version of his family's history, Kublai refused to write Berke's name as the khan of the Golden Horde because of Berke's support for Ariq Böke and wars with Hulagu; however, Jochi's family was fully recognized as legitimate family members.
Kublai Khan named Abaqa as the new Ilkhan (obedient khan) and nominated Batu's grandson Möngke Temür for the throne of Sarai, the capital of the Golden Horde. The Kublaids in the east retained suzerainty over the Ilkhans until the end of their regime. Kublai also sent his protege Baraq to overthrow the court of Oirat Orghana, the empress of the Chagatai Khanate, who put her young son Mubarak Shah on the throne in 1265, without Kublai's permission after her husband's death. Ögedeid prince Kaidu declined to personally attend the court of Kublai. Kublai instigated Baraq to attack Kaidu. Baraq began to expand his realm northward; he seized power in 1266 and fought Kaidu and the Golden Horde. He also pushed out Great Khan's overseer from the Tarim Basin. When Kaidu and Möngke Timur together defeated Kublai, Baraq joined an alliance with the House of Ögedei and the Golden Horde against Kublai in the east and Abagha in the west. Meanwhile, Möngke Temür avoided any direct military expedition against Kublai's realm. The Golden Horde promised Kublai their assistance to defeat Kaidu whom Möngke Temür called the rebel. This was apparently due to the conflict between Kaidu and Möngke Temür over the agreement they made at the Talas kurultai. The armies of Mongol Persia defeated Baraq's invading forces in 1269. When Baraq died the next year, Kaidu took control of the Chagatai Khanate and recovered his alliance with Möngke Temür.
Meanwhile, Kublai tried to stabilize his control over Korea by mobilizing another Mongol invasion after he appointed Wonjong (r. 1260–1274) as the new Goryeo king in 1259 in Kanghwa. Kublai forced two rulers of the Golden Horde and the Ilkhanate to call a truce with each other in 1270 despite the Golden Horde's interests in the Middle East and Caucasia. Kublai called two Iraqi siege engineers from the Ilkhanate in order to destroy the fortresses of Song China. After the fall of Xiangyang in 1273, Kublai's commanders, Aju and Liu Zheng, proposed a final campaign against the Song Dynasty, and Kublai made Bayan the supreme commander. Kublai ordered Möngke Temür to revise the second census of the Golden Horde to provide resources and men for his conquest of China. The census took place in all parts of the Golden Horde, including Smolensk and Vitebsk in 1274–75. The Khans also sent Nogai to the Balkans to strengthen Mongol influence there.
Kublai renamed the Mongol regime in China Dai Yuan in 1271, and sought to sinicize his image as Emperor of China in order to win control of millions of Chinese people. When he moved his headquarters to Khanbaliq, also called Dadu, at modern-day Beijing, there was an uprising in the old capital Karakorum that he barely contained. Kublai's actions were condemned by traditionalists and his critics still accused him of being too closely tied to Chinese culture. They sent a message to him: "The old customs of our Empire are not those of the Chinese laws... What will happen to the old customs?" Kaidu attracted the other elites of Mongol Khanates, declaring himself to be a legitimate heir to the throne instead of Kublai, who had turned away from the ways of Genghis Khan. Defections from Kublai's Dynasty swelled the Ögedeids' forces.
The Song imperial family surrendered to the Yuan in 1276, making the Mongols the first non-Chinese people to conquer all of China. Three years later, Yuan marines crushed the last of the Song loyalists. The Song Empress Dowager and her grandson, Zhao Xian, were then settled in Khanbalic where they were given tax-free property, and Kublai's wife Chabi took a personal interest in their well-being. However, Kublai later had Zhao sent away to become a monk to Zhangye. Kublai succeeded in building a powerful Empire, created an academy, offices, trade ports and canals and sponsored science and the arts. The record of the Mongols lists 20,166 public schools created during Kublai's reign. Having achieved real or nominal dominion over much of Eurasia, and having successfully conquered China, Kublai was in a position to look beyond China. However, Kublai's costly invasions of Burma, Annam, Sakhalin and Champa secured only the vassal status of those countries. The Mongol invasions of Japan (1274 and 1280) and Java (1293) failed. At the same time, Kublai's nephew Ilkhan Abagha tried to form a grand alliance of the Mongols and the Western European powers to defeat the Mamluks in Syria and North Africa that constantly invaded the Mongol dominions. Abagha and Kublai focused mostly on foreign alliances, and opened trade routes. Khagan Kublai dined with a large court every day, and met with many ambassadors, foreign merchants.
Kublai's son Nomukhan and his generals occupied Almaliq from 1266 to 1276. In 1277, a group of Genghisid princes under Möngke's son Shiregi rebelled, kidnapped Kublai's two sons and his general Antong and handed them over to Kaidu and Möngke Temür. The latter was still allied with Kaidu who fashioned an alliance with him in 1269, although Möngke Temür had promised Kublai his military support to protect Kublai from the Ögedeids. Kublai's armies suppressed the rebellion and strengthened the Yuan garrisons in Mongolia and the Ili River basin. However, Kaidu took control over Almaliq.
In 1279–80, Kublai decreed death for those who performed Islamic-Jewish slaughtering of cattle, which offended Mongolian custom. When the Ahmad Teguder seized the throne of the Ilkhanate in 1282, attempting to make peace with the Mamluks, Abaqa's old Mongols under prince Arghun appealed to Kublai. After the execution of Ahmad, Kublai confirmed Arghun's coronation and awarded his commander in chief Buqa the title of chingsang.
Kublai's niece, Kelmish, who married a Khunggirat general of the Golden Horde, was powerful enough to have Kublai's sons Nomuqan and Kokhchu returned. Three leaders of the Jochids, Töde Möngke, Konchi, and Nogai, agreed to release two princes. The court of the Golden Horde returned the princes as a peace overture to the Yuan Dynasty in 1282 and induced Kaidu to release Kublai's general. Konchi, khan of White Horde, established friendly relations with the Yuan and the Ilkhanate, and as a reward received luxury gifts and grain from Kublai. Despite political disagreement between contending branches of the family over the office of Khagan, the economic and commercial system continued.
Emperor of the Yuan Dynasty.
Kublai Khan considered China as his main base; he realized within a decade of his enthronement as Great Khan that he needed to concentrate on governing China. From the beginning of his reign, he adopted Chinese political and cultural models and worked to minimize the influences of regional lords, who had held immense power before and during the Song Dynasty. Kublai heavily relied on his Chinese advisers until about 1276. He had many Han Chinese advisers, such as Liu Bingzhong and Xu Heng, and employed many Uyghur Turks, some of whom were resident commissioners running Chinese districts.
Kublai also appointed Phagspa Lama his state preceptor ("Guoshi"), giving him power over all of the empire's Buddhist monks. In 1270, after Phagspa created the Square script, he was promoted to imperial preceptor. Kublai established the Supreme Control Commission under Phagspa to administer affairs of Tibetan and Chinese monks. During Phagspa's absence in Tibet, the Tibetan monk Sangha rose to high office and had the office renamed the Commission for Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs. In 1286, Tibetan Sangha became the dynasty's chief fiscal officer. However, their corruption later embittered Kublai, after which Kublai relied wholly on younger Mongol aristocrats. Antong of the Jalayir, and Bayan of the Baarin served as grand councillors from 1265, and Oz-temur of the Arulad headed the censorate. Borokhula's descendant, Ochicher, headed a kheshig (Mongolian imperial guard) and the palace provision commission.
In the eighth year of Zhiyuan (1271), Kublai officially created the Yuan Dynasty, and proclaimed the capital to be at Dadu (, lit. "Great Capital", known as Daidu to the Mongols, at modern-day Beijing) the following year. His summer capital was in Shangdu (, "Upper Capital", also called Xanadu, near what today is Dolonnur). To unify China, Kublai began a massive offensive against the remnants of the Southern Song Dynasty in the 11th year of Zhiyuan (1274), and finally destroyed the Song Dynasty in the 16th year of Zhiyuan (1279), unifying the country at last.
Most of the Yuan domains were administered as provinces, also translated as the "branch Secretariat", during his reign, each with a governor and vice-governor. This included China proper, Manchuria, Mongolia and a special Zhendong branch Secretariat that would extend into the Korean Peninsula. The Central Region () was separate from the rest, consisted of much of present-day North China, was considered the most important region of the dynasty and was directly governed by the Zhongshusheng (Chinese: 中書省, "Department of Central Governing") at Dadu. Tibet was governed by another top-level administrative department called the Xuanzheng Yuan ().
Kublai promoted economic growth with the rebuilding of the Grand Canal, repaired public buildings, and extended highways. However, his domestic policy included some aspects of the old Mongol living traditions, and as his reign continued, these traditions would clash increasingly frequently with traditional Chinese economic and social culture. Kublai decreed that partner merchants of the Mongols should be subject to taxes in 1263 and set up the Office of Market Taxes to supervise them in 1268. After the Mongol conquest of the Song, the merchants expanded their operations to the South China Sea and the Indian Ocean. In 1286, maritime trade was put under the Office of Market Taxes. The main source of revenue of the government was the monopoly of salt production.
The Mongol administration had issued paper currencies from 1227 on. In August 1260, Kublai created the first unified paper currency called Chao; bills were circulated throughout the Yuan domain with no expiration date. To guard against devaluation, the currency was convertible with silver and gold, and the government accepted tax payments in paper currency. In 1273, he issued a new series of state sponsored bills to finance his conquest of the Song, although eventually a lack of fiscal discipline and inflation turned this move into an economic disaster. It was required to pay only in the form of paper money. To ensure its use in circles, Kublai's government confiscated gold and silver from private citizens and foreign merchants. But traders received government-issued notes in exchange. Kublai Khan is considered to be the first of fiat money makers. The paper bills made collecting taxes and administering the empire much easier and reduced the cost of transporting coins. In 1287, Kublai's minister Sangha created a new currency, Zhiyuan Chao, to deal with a budget shortfall. It was non-convertible and denominated in copper cash. Later Gaykhatu of the Ilkhanate attempted to adopt the system in Persia and the Middle East, which was a complete failure, and shortly afterwards he was assassinated.
Kublai encouraged Asian arts and demonstrated religious tolerance. Despite his anti-Taoist edicts, Kublai respected the Taoist master and appointed Zhang Liushan as the patriarch of the Taoist Xuanjiao order. Under Zhang's advice, Taoist temples were put under the Academy of Scholarly Worthies. The empire was visited by several Europeans, notably Marco Polo in the 1270s who may have seen the summer capital Shangdu.
Relations with Muslims.
Within the court of Kublai Khan served 30 Muslim high officials. Out of the Yuan dynasty's 12 administrative districts, eight had Muslim governors appointed by Kublai Khan.
Muslim scientists were welcomed and astronomers contributed to the construction of the observatory in Shaanxi.
Kublai Khan patronized Muslim scholars, Muslim astronomers such as Jamal ad-Din, introduced new instruments and concepts that allowed the correction of the Chinese calendar, Muslim cartographers made accurate maps, and Muslim physicians organized hospitals.
Among Kublai Khan's Muslim governors was Sayyid Ajjal Shams al-Din Omar, who became administrator of Yunnan, he was a well learned man in the Confucian and Taoist traditions. He is also believed to have propagated Islam in China. Another such administrators was Nasr al-Din (Yunnan).
Kublai Khan brought siege engineers, Ismail and Al al-Din to China, together they invented the "Muslim trebuchet" (Hui-Hui Pao), which was utilized by Kublai Khan during the Battle of Xiangyang.
Warfare and foreign relations.
Despite that Kublai restricted the functions of the kheshig, he created a new imperial bodyguard, at first entirely Chinese in composition but later strengthened with Kipchak, Alan (Asud), and Russian units. Once his own kheshig was organized in 1263, Kublai put three of the original kheshig's four shifts under the charges the descendants of Genghis Khan's four assistants, Borokhula, Boorchu and Muqali. Kublai began the practice of having the four great aristocrats in his kheshig sign all jarliqs (decree), a practice that spread to all other Mongol khanates. Mongol and Chinese units were organized using the same decimal organization that Genghis Khan used. The Mongols eagerly adopted new artillery and technologies. Kublai and his generals adopted an elaborate, moderate style of military campaigns in South China. Effective assimilation of Chinese naval techniques allowed the Yuan army to quickly conquer the Song.
Kublai's foreign policy was similar to those of his predecessors, whose foreign policy might be considered as imperialistic. He invaded Goryeo (Korea) and made it a tributary vassal state in 1260. After another Mongol intervention in 1273, Goryeo came under even tighter control of the Yuan. Goryeo became a Mongol military base and several myriarchy commands were established there. The court of the Goryeo supplied Korean troops and ocean-going naval force for the Mongol campaigns. Despite the opposition of some of his Confucian-trained advisers, Kublai decided to invade Japan, Burma, Vietnam and Java, following the suggestions of some of his Mongol officials. The attempts of subjugation also included peripheral lands such as Sakhalin, where its indigenous people eventually submitted to the Mongols by 1308, after Kublai's death. These costly conquests and the introduction of paper currency caused inflation. From 1273 to 1276, war against the Song Dynasty and Japan made the issue of paper currency expand from 110,000 ding to 1,420,000 ding.
Invasions of Japan.
Kublai Khan twice attempted to invade Japan. It is believed that both attempts were thwarted by bad weather or a flaw in the design of ships that were based on river boats without keels, and his fleets were destroyed. The first attempt took place in 1274, with a fleet of 900 ships. After the first Mongol attack on Japan, Japanese pirates known as Wokou raided Korea, but Mongol-Korean forces pushed them back, and the Wokou pirates decreased their activity due to the increased military preparedness of the Goryeo and the Kamakura. In 1293 the Yuan navy captured 100 Japanese people from Okinawa.
The second invasion occurred in 1281 when Mongols sent two separate forces; 900 ships containing 40,000 Korean, Chinese, and Mongol troops were sent from Masan, while a force of 100,000 sailed from southern China in 3,500 ships, each close to long. The fleet was hastily assembled and ill-equipped to cope with maritime conditions. In November, they sailed into the treacherous waters that separated Korea and Japan by 110 miles. The Mongols easily took over Tsushima Island about halfway across the strait and then Ika Island closer to Kyushu. The Korean fleet reached Hakata Bay on June 23, 1281 and landed its troops and animals, but the ships from China were nowhere to be seen.
The samurai warriors, following their custom, rode out against the Mongol forces for individual combat but the Mongols held their formation. The Mongols fought as a united force, not as individuals, and bombarded the samurai with exploding missiles and showered them with arrows. Eventually, the remaining Japanese withdrew from the coastal zone inland to a fortress. The Mongol forces did not chase the fleeing Japanese into an area about which they lacked reliable intelligence.
Marine archaeologist Kenzo Hayashida led the investigation that discovered the wreckage of the second invasion fleet off the western coast of Takashima. His team's findings strongly indicate that Kublai rushed to invade Japan and attempted to construct his enormous fleet in one year, a task that should have taken up to five years. This forced the Chinese to use any available ships, including river boats. Most importantly, the Chinese, under Kublai's control, built many ships quickly in order to contribute to the fleets in both of the invasions. Hayashida theorizes that, had Kublai used standard, well-constructed ocean-going ships with curved keels to prevent capsizing, his navy might have survived the journey to and from Japan and might have conquered it as intended. In October 2011, a wreck, possibly one of Kublai's invasion craft, was found off the coast of Nagasaki. David Nicolle wrote in "The Mongol Warlords", "Huge losses had also been suffered in terms of casualties and sheer expense, while the myth of Mongol invincibility had been shattered throughout eastern Asia." He also wrote that Kublai was determined to mount a third invasion, despite the horrendous cost to the economy and to his and Mongol prestige of the first two defeats, and only his death and the unanimous agreement of his advisers not to invade prevented a third attempt.
Invasions of Vietnam.
Kublai Khan also invaded Đại Việt (Vietnam) three times. The first incursion was in 1257, but the Trần Dynasty was able to repel the invasion and ultimately re-established the peace treaty among Yuan Mongol and Đại Việt in the 12th lunar month of 1257. When Kublai became the Great Khan in 1260, the Vietnamese Trần Dynasty sent tribute every three years and received a darughachi. However, their kings soon declined to attend the Mongol court in person after the Great Khan sent his envoys ordering the Trần king to open his land to allow the Yuan army to pass through in order to invade the kingdom of Champa. The Đại Việt court refused to open the path to the Mongol (Yuan) army. Kublai Khan sent another envoy to the Đại Việt for Trần king to surrender his land and his kingship. The Trần king assembled all his citizens allowing all to vote on whether to surrender to the Yuan, or stand and fight for their homeland. The vote was a unanimous decision to stand and fight the invaders.
The second Mongol invasion of Đại Việt began in the 12th lunar month of 1284 when the Mongols under the command of Toghan, the prince of Kublai Khan, crossed the border and quickly occupied Thăng Long (now Hanoi) in January 1285 after the victorious battle of Omar in Vạn Kiếp (north east of Hanoi). At the same time Sogetu, second in command of the Yuan's army, from Champa moved northward and rapidly marched to Nghe An in the north central region of Vietnam where the army of the Trần Dynasty under general Trần Kien was defeated and surrendered to him. However, the Trần king and the commander-in-chief Trần Hưng Đạo changed their tactics from defence to attack and struck against the Mongols. In April, General Trần Quang Khải defeated Sogetu in Chuong Duong and the Trần king won a battle in Tây Kết where Sogetu died. Soon after, general Trần Nhật Duật also won a battle in Hàm Tử (now Hưng Yên) and Toghan was defeated by General Trần Hưng Đạo thus Kublai failed in his first attempt to invade Đại Việt. Toghan hid himself inside a bronze pipe to avoid being killed by the Đại Việt archers; this act brought humiliation upon the Mongol Empire and Toghan himself.
After his first failure, Kublai wanted to install Nhân Tông's brother Trần Ích Tắc – who had defected to the Mongols – as king of Annam, but hardship in the Yuan's supply base in Hunan, and Kaidu's invasion forced Kublai to abandon his plans. In 1285 the Brigung sect rebelled, attacking monasteries of Paghspa's sect in Tibet. The Chagatayid Khan, Duwa, helped the rebels, laying siege to Kara-Kocho and defeating Kublai's garrisons in the Tarim basin. Kaidu destroyed an army at Beshbalik and occupied the city the following year. Many Uyghurs abandoned Kashgar for safer bases back in the eastern Yuan. After Kublai's grandson Buqa-Temür crushed the resistance of the Brigung sect, killing 10,000 Tibetans in 1291, Tibet was fully pacified.
The third Mongol invasion began in 1287. It was better organized than the previous effort; a large fleet and plentiful stocks of food were used. The Mongols, under the command of Toghan, moved to Vạn Kiếp from the north west and met the infantry and cavalry of Kublai's Kipchak commander Omar (coming by another way along the Red River) and quickly won the battle. The naval fleet rapidly attained victory in Vân Đồn near Ha Long Bay. However, the Đại Việt General Trần Khánh Dư managed to intercept and captured the heavy, fully stocked cargo ships, filled with food and supplies for Toghan's army. As a result, the Mongolian army in Thăng Long (modern-day Hanoi) suffered an acute shortage of food. With no news about the supply fleet, Toghan ordered his army to retreat to Vạn Kiếp. The Đại Việt army began their general offensive and recaptured a number of locations occupied by the Mongols. Groups of Đại Việt infantry were ordered to attack the Mongols in Vạn Kiếp. Toghan had to split his army into two and retreated in 1288.
In early April 1288 the naval fleet, led by Omar and escorted by infantry, fled home along the Bạch Đằng river. As bridges and roads were destroyed and attacks were launched by Đại Việt troops, the Mongols reached Bạch Đằng without an infantry escort. Đại Việt's small flotilla engaged in battle and pretended to retreat. The Mongols eagerly pursued the Đại Việt troops only to fall into their pre-arranged battlefield. Thousands of small Đại Việt boats quickly appeared from both banks, launched a fierce attack that broke the Mongol's combat formation. The Mongols, meeting such a sudden and strong attack, in panic tried to withdraw to the sea. The Mongols' boats were halted, and many were damaged and sank. At that time, a number of fire rafts quickly rushed toward the Mongols, who were frightened and jumped down to reach the banks where they were dealt a heavy blow by an army led by the Trần king and Trần Hưng Đạo.
The Mongol naval fleet was totally destroyed and Omar was captured. At the same time, Đại Việt's army continuously attacked and smashed to pieces Toghan's army on its withdrawal through Lạng Sơn. Toghan risked his life to take a shortcut through thick forest in order to flee home. The crown prince was banished to Yangzhou for life by his father, Kublai Khan. Nevertheless, Trần king accepted Kublai Khan's supremancy as the Great Khan in order to avoid more conflicts. In 1292, Temür Khan, Kublai Khan's successor, returned all detained envoys and settled for a tributary relationship with Trần king, which continues to the end of the Yuan Dynasty.
Southeast Asia and South Seas.
Three expeditions against Burma, in 1277, 1283 and 1287, brought the Mongol forces to the Irrawaddy Delta, whereupon they captured Bagan, the capital of the Pagan Kingdom in Burma, and established their government. Kublai had to be content with establishing a formal suzerainty but Burma finally became a tributary state, sending tributes to the Yuan court until the Mongols were expelled from China in the 1360s. The Khmer kingdom of Cambodia and small states of Malaya and South India submitted to Kublai's rule between 1278 and 1294. Mongol interests in these areas were commercial and tributary relationships.
During the last years of his reign, Kublai launched a naval punitive expedition of 20–30,000 men against the Javanese kingdom of Singhasari (1293), but the invading Mongol forces were forced to withdraw by the Majapahit Dynasty after considerable losses of more than 3,000 troops. Nevertheless, by 1294, the year that Kublai died, two Thai kingdoms of Sukhotai and Chiangmai had become vassal states of the Yuan Dynasty.
Europe.
Under Kublai, direct contact between East Asia and the West was established, made possible by the Mongol control of the central Asian trade routes and facilitated by the presence of efficient postal services. In the beginning of the 13th century, large numbers of Europeans and Central Asians – merchants, travelers, and missionaries of different orders – made their way to China. The presence of the Mongol power allowed large numbers of Chinese, intent on warfare or trade, to travel to other parts of the Mongol Empire, all the way to Russia, Persia, and Mesopotamia.
Marco Polo, Niccolo Polo's son, accompanied his father and his uncle Maffeo Polo on their second trip to China starting in 1271. Marco Polo was probably the best-known foreign visitor to China and Mongolia. After reaching China in 1275, he spent the next 17 years (1275–1292) under the administration and patronage of Kublai, including official service in the salt administration and trips through the provinces of Yunnan and Fukien.
The capital city of the Emperor.
After Kublai Khan was proclaimed Khagan at his residence in Shangdu on May 5, 1260, he began to organize the country. Zhang Wenqian, a central government official and a friend of Guo, was sent by Kublai in 1260 to Daming where unrest had been reported in the local population. Guo accompanied Zhang on his mission. Guo was interested in engineering, was an expert astronomer, a skilled instrument maker and understood that good astronomical observations depended on expertly made instruments. Guo began to construct astronomical instruments, including water clocks for accurate timing and armillary spheres which represented the celestial globe. Turkestani architect Ikhtiyar al-Din (also known as Igder) designed the buildings of the city of Khagan or Khanbalic. Kublai also employed foreign artists to build his new capital; one of them, a Nepalese named Arniko, built the White Stupa which was the largest structure in Khanbalic/Dadu.
Zhang advised Kublai that Guo was a leading expert in hydraulic engineering. Kublai knew the importance of water management for irrigation, transport of grain and flood control, and he asked Guo to look at these aspects in the area between Dadu (now Beijing) and the Yellow River. To provide Dadu with a new supply of water, Guo found the Baifu spring in Mount Shen and had a channel built to move the water to Dadu. He proposed connecting the water supply across different river basins, built new canals with sluices to control the water level and achieved great success with the improvements which he was able to make. This pleased Kublai and Guo was asked to undertake similar projects in other parts of the country. In 1264 he was asked to go to Gansu province to repair the damage that had been caused to the irrigation systems by the years of war during the Mongol advance through the region. Guo travelled extensively along with his friend Zhang taking notes of the work which needed to be done to unblock damaged parts of the system and to make improvements to its efficiency. He sent his report directly to Kublai Khan.
Nayan's rebellion.
During the conquest of the Jin, Genghis Khan's younger brothers received large appanages in Manchuria. Their descendants strongly supported Kublai's coronation in 1260, but the younger generation desired more independence. Kublai enforced Ögedei Khan's regulations that the Mongol noblemen could appoint overseers and the Great Khan's special officials, in their appanages, but otherwise respected appanage rights. Kublai's son Manggala established direct control over Singan and Shansi in 1272. In 1274, Kublai appointed Lian Xixian to investigate abuses of power by Mongol appanage holders in Manchuria. The region called Lia-tung was immediately brought under the Khagan's control, in 1284, eliminating autonomy of the Mongol nobles there.
Threatened by the advance of Kublai's bureaucratization, Belgutei's fourth generation descendant, Nayan (not confused with Temüge's descendant Nayan), instigated a revolt in 1287. Nayan tried to join forces with Kublai's competitor Kaidu in Central Asia. Manchuria's native Jurchens and Water Tatars, who had suffered a famine, supported Nayan. Virtually all of the fraternal lines under Hadaan, a descendant of Hachiun, and Shihtur, a grandson of Hasar, joined Nayan's rebellion, and because Nayan was a popular prince, Ebugen, a grandson of Genghis Khan's son Khulgen, and the family of Khuden, a younger brother of Güyük Khan, contributed troops for this rebellion.
The rebellion was crippled by early detection and timid leadership. Kublai sent Bayan to keep Nayan and Kaidu apart by occupying Karakorum, while Kublai led another army against the rebels in Manchuria. Kublai's commander Oz Temür's Mongol force attacked Nayan's 60,000 inexperienced soldiers on June 14, while Chinese and Alan guards under Li Ting protected Kublai. The army of Chungnyeol of Goryeo assisted Kublai in battle. After a hard fight, Nayan's troops withdrew behind their carts and Li Ting began bombardment and attacked Nayan's camp that night. Kublai's force pursued Nayan, who was eventually captured and executed without bloodshed, a traditional way of executing princes. Meanwhile, the rebel prince Shikqtur invaded the Chinese district of Liaoning but was defeated within a month. Kaidu withdrew westward to avoid a battle. However, Kaidu defeated a major Yuan army in Khangai and briefly occupied Karakorum in 1289. Kaidu had ridden away before Kublai could mobilize a larger army.
Widespread but uncoordinated uprisings of Nayan's supporters continued until 1289; these were ruthlessly repressed. The rebel princes' troops were taken from them and redistributed among the imperial family. Kublai harshly punished the darughachis appointed by the rebels in Mongolia and Manchuria. This rebellion forced Kublai to approve the creation of the Liaoyang Branch Secretariat on December 4, 1287, while rewarding loyal fraternal princes.
Later years.
Kublai Khan dispatched his grandson Gammala to Burkhan Khaldun in 1291. Because Kublai wanted to ensure that he laid claim to the sacred place (Ikh Khorig), Burkhan Khaldun, where Genghis was buried, Mongolia was strongly protected by the Kublaids. Bayan was in control of Karakorum and was re-establishing control over surrounding areas in 1293, so Kublai's rival Kaidu did not attempt any large-scale military action for the next three years. From 1293 on, Kublai's army cleared Kaidu's forces from the Central Siberian Plateau.
After his wife Chabi died in 1281, Kublai began to withdraw from direct contact with his advisers, and issued instructions through one of his other queens, Nambui. Only two of Kublai's daughters are known by name; he may have had others. Unlike the formidable women of his grandfather's day, Kublai's wives and daughters were an almost invisible presence, possibly because Chinese court etiquette demoted females to inferior status.
Kublai's original choice of successor was his son Zhenjin, who became the head of Zhongshusheng ("Department of Central Governing"), and actively administrated the dynasty according to Confucian fashion. Nomukhan, after he returned from captivity in the Golden Horde, expressed resentment that Zhenjin had been made heir apparent but was banished to the north. An official proposed that Kublai should abdicate in favor of Zhenjin in 1285, a suggestion which angered Kublai, who refused to see Zhenjin. Zhenjin died soon afterwards in 1286, eight years before his father. Kublai regretted this and remained very close to his wife, Bairam (also known as Kokejin).
Kublai became increasingly despondent after the deaths of his favorite wife and his chosen heir Zhenjin. The failure of the military campaigns in Vietnam and Japan also haunted him. Kublai turned to food and drink for comfort, became grossly overweight and suffered gout and diabetes. The emperor overindulged in alcohol and the traditional meat-rich Mongol diet, which may have contributed to his gout. Kublai sank into depression because of the loss of family, his poor health and advancing age. Kublai tried every medical treatment available, from Korean shamans to Vietnamese doctors, and remedies and medicines, but to no avail. At the end of 1293, the emperor refused to participate in the traditional New Years' ceremony. Before his death, Kublai passed the seal of Crown Prince to Zhenjin's son Temür, who would become the next Khagan of the Mongol Empire and the second ruler of the Yuan Dynasty. Seeking an old companion to comfort him in his final illness, the palace staff could choose only Bayan, more than 30 years his junior. Kublai weakened steadily, and on February 18, 1294 he died at the age of 78. Two days later, the funeral cortège took his body to the burial place of the khans in Mongolia.
Poetry.
Kublai was well versed in Chinese poetry but most of his works have not survived. Only one Chinese poem written by him is included in the "Selection of Yuan Poetry" (元詩選). It is titled 'Inspiration recorded while enjoying the ascent to Spring Mountain'. It was translated into Mongolian by the Inner Mongolian scholar B.Buyan in the same style as classical Mongolian poetry and transcribed into Cyrillic by Ya.Ganbaatar. It is said that once in spring Kublai Khan went to worship at a Buddhist temple at the Yiheyuan Garden in western Dadu (Beijing) and on his way back ascended the Wanshou Shan (萬寿山 - Longevity Hill, "Tumen Nast Uul" in Mongolian) where he was filled with inspiration and wrote this poem.
This is translated:
Family.
Kublai first married Tegulen but she died very early. Then he married Chabi Khatun of the Khunggirat, who was his most beloved empress. After Chabi's death in 1281, Kublai married Chabi's young cousin, Nambui, presumably in accordance with Chabi's wish.
Kublai and his wives' children included:
Legacy.
Kublai's seizure of power in 1260 pushed the Mongol Empire into a new direction. Despite his controversial election, which accelerated the disunity of the Mongols, Kublai's willingness to formalize the Mongol realm's symbiotic relation with China brought the Mongol Empire to international attention. Kublai and his predecessors' conquests were largely responsible for re-creating a unified, militarily powerful China. The Mongol rule of Tibet, Xinjiang, and Mongolia proper from a capital at modern Beijing were the precedents for the Qing Dynasty's Inner Asian Empire.
Notes.
General note: Dates given here are in the Julian calendar. They are not in the proleptic Gregorian calendar.
Weatherford, Jack 'Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World' pg.210–211

</doc>
<doc id="20754763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754763" title="Johann Heinrich Loewe">
Johann Heinrich Loewe

Johann Heinrich Loewe (December 12, 1808 - January 15, 1892) was an Austrian philosopher born in Prague.
From 1839 to 1851 he was a professor of philosophy in Salzburg, and in 1851 was appointed professor of theoretical and moral philosophy at the University of Prague. He was a prominent supporter of philosopher Anton Günther, and author of a biography on minister Johann Emanuel Veith ("Johann Emanuel Veith. Eine Biographie", 1879). Other noted works by Loewe include:

</doc>
<doc id="20754773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754773" title="Cyrtosperma">
Cyrtosperma

Cyrtosperma is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that consists of approximately 12 species. The genus had gone through considerable taxonomic changes in the 1980s, and as a result is now considered to be endemic to only Asia and some Pacific islands. Previously, the genus was believed to be widespread from Asia to Africa and South America, but the African and South American species were subsequently found to be members of separate genera. "Cyrtosperma" is now known to be most prominent in New Guinea. The genus "Cyrtosperma" is unique in this regards because it is the only known big genus in Araceae that is known to be found east of Wallace's line.
"Cyrtosperma merkusii", or pulaka, is grown as a root crop in Oceania.

</doc>
<doc id="20754781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754781" title="It Was">
It Was

"It Was" is the title of a song written by Mark Wright and Gary Burr, and recorded by American country music artist Chely Wright. It was released in September 1999 as the second single from her album "Single White Female". The song reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in April 2000.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price of "Billboard" gave the song a favorable review, saying that it "has a hauntingly beautiful melody and affecting lyric about the mercurial nature of love" and that "Wright possesses a strong voice, full of emotional depth and presence."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions and premiered in August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20754797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754797" title="Bon Voyage (band)">
Bon Voyage (band)

Bon Voyage is a musical group consisting of the duo Jason Martin, of Starflyer 59, and his wife, Julie.
History.
The duo first appeared in 1995 when they released Issue 1, a 7" recording on Jeff Cloud's record label Velvet Blue Music. They appeared again in 1996 when they released a follow up 7", Issue 2.
By 1998, Bon Voyage had signed on to BEC Records to release their first CD, entitled Bon Voyage.
The group dropped off until 2002 when Tooth & Nail released The Right Amount. The group worked with Tooth & Nail again to release their 2008 album Lies.

</doc>
<doc id="20754800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754800" title="Kristyn Getty">
Kristyn Getty

Kristyn Elizabeth Rebekah Getty (née Lennox, born 22 May 1980, in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish recording artist and worship leader. With her husband, she co-writes many new songs and hymns.
An acclaimed soloist in her own right, Kristyn began singing as a teenager in her family's church in Northern Ireland. She studied English Literature at Queen's University of Belfast (1998–2001).
She has also written a children's musical for the African Children's Choir and a volume of children's songs, Songs That Jesus Said.
Personal life.
She is the daughter of Gilbert Lennox, an elder of Glenabbey Church, Glengormley, and the niece of the mathematician John Lennox.
On 16 June 2004 in Armagh, Northern Ireland she married Keith Getty.
In March 2011, the Gettys welcomed their first child, a daughter, Eliza Joy. In January 2014, the Gettys welcomed their second child, also a daughter, Charlotte Juliana.
Compositions.
For a list of songs written in collaboration with Keith Getty, see "Songs by Keith Getty".

</doc>
<doc id="20754801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754801" title="Børge Jessen">
Børge Jessen

Børge Christian Jessen (19 June 1907 – 20 March 1993) was a Danish mathematician best known for his work in analysis, specifically on the Riemann zeta function, and in geometry, specifically on Hilbert's third problem.
Early years.
Jessen was born on 19 June 1907 in Copenhagen to Hans Jessen and Christine Jessen (née Larsen). He attended Skt. Jørgens Gymnasium, where he was taught by the Hungarian mathematician Julius Pal during his first year. In 1925, Jessen graduated from the gymnasium and enrolled at the University of Copenhagen. During his time at the university he got to know Harald Bohr, then a leading figure in Danish mathematics. In 1928, Bohr established a collaboration with Jessen, which would last until Bohr's death in 1951.
After receiving his master's degree in the spring of 1929, Jessen embarked on a stay abroad. Supported by the Carlsberg Foundation, he spent the fall of 1929 at the University of Szeged, where he met Frigyes Riesz, Alfréd Haar, and Lipót Fejér. He then spent the winter semester of 1929–30 at the University of Göttingen, where he attended lectures by David Hilbert and Edmund Landau while working on his PhD thesis. On 1 May 1930 Jessen defended his thesis in Copenhagen. He later elaborated the thesis into an article that was published in "Acta Mathematica" in 1934.
In 1931, Jessen married Ellen Pedersen (1903–1979), cand. mag. in mathematics and the daughter of Peder Oluf Pedersen. Jessen continued to travel frequently in the early 1930s, visiting Paris, Cambridge, England, the Institute for Advanced Study, Yale and Harvard University in America.
Career.
Jessen was a professor of descriptive geometry at the Technical University of Denmark from 1935 till 1942, when he moved back to the University of Copenhagen where he was professor from 1942-1977 when he retired. He was the president of the Carlsberg Foundation in 1955-1963 and one of the founders of the Hans Christian Ørsted Institute. He was the Secretary of the Interim Executive Committee of the International Mathematical Union (1950–1952), and in September 1951 he officially declared the founding of the Union, with its first domicile in Copenhagen. He was also active in the Danish Mathematical Society. After his death, the society named an award in his honor (Børge Jessen Diploma Award).

</doc>
<doc id="20754804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754804" title="RV Wecoma">
RV Wecoma

RV "Wecoma" is a research vessel owned by the National Science Foundation and operated by the College of Oceanic & Atmospheric Sciences at Oregon State University (OSU) as a member of the University-National Oceanographic Laboratory System (UNOLS) fleet. Its is based in Newport in the U.S. state of Oregon near OSU's Hatfield Marine Science Center. Launched in 1975, it has a maximum displacement of . 
The ship is equipped with of laboratory space to support up to 18 scientists at sea. It has a variety of equipment permanently installed, and optional additional equipment available on request, to measure and analyze navigational data; surface atmospheric conditions; sea surface temperature, salinity, fluorescence; bottom depth; dissolved oxygen titration; solar radiation; GPS time; bioacoustics; and geological sampling. The range of depths of submerged equipment varies from . The vessel can support diving operations, radioactive isotope materials, and explosive materials.
"Wecoma" made her last operational cruise November 2011 and is scheduled to be retired with the interim replacement ship being the former Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution operated R/V "Oceanus".

</doc>
<doc id="20754807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754807" title="Dracontioides">
Dracontioides

Dracontioides is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that makes up the genus is Dracontioides desciscens, which is native to swamps in eastern Brazil. This species was originally classified by Heinrich Wilhelm Schott as belonging to Urospatha, but it was subsequently reassigned to its own genus "Dracontioides" by Adolf Engler. The genus is closely related to both "Urospatha" and "Dracontium". The most notable feature of the species its glossy extremely sagittate leaves with oval fenestrations. The leaves are attached to 2 meter long stalks that are intern attached to a spongy rhizome. Additionally, the inflorescence produced has a smell of rotting meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20754811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754811" title="Femoral acetabular impingement">
Femoral acetabular impingement

Femoroacetabular Impingement (FAI) or hip impingement syndrome is a condition affecting the hip joint in young and middle-aged adults. Impingement occurs when the ball shaped femoral head rubs abnormally or does not have full range of motion in the acetabular socket. Damage in the hip joint can occur to the articular cartilage or the labral cartilage (soft tissue bumper of the socket). Treatment options vary from conservative treatment to arthroscopic and open surgery.
Overview.
FAI is regarded as a cause of premature hip osteoarthritis. The condition is characterized by abnormal contact between the proximal femur and rim of the acetabulum (hip socket). In most cases, patients present with a deformity in the femoral head or acetabulum, a poorly positioned femoral-acetabular junction, or may present with both. It is believed that a combination of certain factors may lead to some form of FAI. Predominantly, a marginal developmental hip abnormality together with environmental factors such as the partaking in activities involving recurrent motion of the legs within a supraphysiologic range. 
Three types of FAI are recognized. The first involves an excess of bone along the upper surface of the femoral head: this is known as a Cam deformity, the name is short for camshaft as the form of the femoral head and neck resembles a camshaft. The second is due to an excess of growth of the upper lip of the acetabular cup and is known as the Pincer deformity. The third is a mixture of the preceding two forms. The result of any of these deformities is increased friction between the acetabular cup and femoral head which may result in pain and loss or reduction of hip function. 
Individuals with FAI tend to have an active lifestyle prior to diagnosis. However, FAI-related pain may occur within a normal range of motion during actions not normally associated with a need for physical demand such as the motions of sitting down and standing up.
Diagnosis.
FAI-related pain is often felt in the groin, but may also be experienced in the lower back or around the hip. The diagnosis of FAI typically involves a physical examination in which the range of motion of the leg in relation to the hip is tested. Positive limited flexibility would lead to further examination with x-ray, for a two-dimensional view of the hip joints. Subsequent imaging techniques such as a CT or MRI scan may then be used in order to produce a three-dimensional image showing the condition of hip cartilage, signs of osteoarthritis, or angles of the hip socket (e.g. the alpha-angle as described by Nötzli in 2-D and Siebenrock in 3-D). It is possible to perform a dynamic simulation of hip motion using CT or MRI data. Dynamic simulations may be useful to establish whether, where and to what extent hip impingement is occurring in a hip joint.
Treatment.
The treatments for FAI vary considerably. Conservative treatments for FAI may include reducing levels of physical activity and having pain medication and physiotherapy sessions. Physical Therapy intervention may help to optimize alignment and mobility of the hip joint, therefore, decreasing excessive forces on irritable or weakened tissues. Physical Therapy can also help to identify specific movement patterns that may be injuring the involved hip. 
Due to the condition being diagnosed frequently in adolescents and young adults, various surgical techniques have been developed in order to preserve the hip joint. Surgery may be arthroscopic or open. Periacetabular or rotational osteotomies are two common open surgery techniques that may be performed if investigations have shown there to be an abnormal angle of the hip joint. These primarily aim to alter the angle of the hip socket in such a way that contact between the acetabulum and femoral head are greatly reduced, allowing a greater range of movement. Femoral sculpting may be performed simultaneously, if required for a better overall shape of the hip joint. It is unclear whether or not these interventions effectively delay or prevent the onset of arthritis. Well designed, long term studies evaluating the efficacy of these treatments have not been done.
In a 2011 study designed to analyze the current surgical methods for management of symptomatic femoral acetabular impingement (FAI), Dr. Carl Wierks, a fellowship trained orthopedic surgeon at the Bone and Joint Center in Holland, Michigan, determined that arthroscopic method had surgical outcomes equal to or better than the other methods with a lower rate of major complications when performed by experienced surgeons.
Trivia.
Notable persons who suffered hip impingements:

</doc>
<doc id="20754815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754815" title="Rod Machado">
Rod Machado

Rod Machado is a pilot and author of aviation flight training materials. He is ATP rated, and a member of the Aviation Speakers Bureau.
Biography.
Rod Machado was born in the San Francisco Bay Area in 1953. He began flying at 16 after selling his motorcycle, and did his first solo flight at 17. He subsequently became a flight instructor, and earned all the ratings up to ATP, including private pilot certificate, instrument rating, and Commercial Pilot Certificate, as well as several type ratings. Machado currently flies a Cessna 150. 
Machado is also devoted to taking care of his body and mind by being an eager runner as well as holding black belts in both the disciplines of Tae Kwon Do and Hapkido as also having trained over a decade in the Brazilian based Gracie Jujitsu. Due in part to his martial arts interest and speaking experience, he was featured as an analyst at the first Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in Denver, Colorado in 1993.
Bibliography.
Machado's books include:
In computer software.
Rod Machado is the flight-instructor voice that narrates user-interactive lesson modules in "Microsoft Flight Simulator 2002", "" and "Microsoft Flight Simulator X".

</doc>
<doc id="20754828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754828" title="Vermont Route 225">
Vermont Route 225

Vermont Route 225 is a short state highway in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States. It runs from U.S. Route 2 north of Alburgh and runs due north to the Canadian border, where it becomes Quebec Route 225, from which it derives its own number. The route is entirely within Alburgh in Grand Isle County. The entirety of VT 225 is maintained by the town of Alburgh.
Route 225 most practically serves as part of a connection between Vermont and the city of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu in Quebec, located about southeast of Montreal.
Route description.
Vermont Route 225 is essentially a northern spur of U.S. Route 2, which approaches running northward through the town of Alburgh. US 2 turns westward towards its final approach to New York, and VT 225 begins to the north. The route only intersects two through roads: a short former alignment of US 2 literally mere yards long, and Blair Road, a secondary road which parallels Route 225 northward to the border. Both of these intersections occur within a quarter mile of VT 225's southern terminus. Route 225, appropriately named Border Road, runs almost directly north to the Canadian border at the Alburgh-Noyan Border Crossing, only passing a few isolated homes along the way. Upon crossing the border into Quebec, the road becomes Quebec Route 225. 
History.
The length of VT 225 was designated as part of VT 104, a highway extending from VT 15 in Cambridge north to the Canadian border near Alburgh, by 1938. VT 104 was truncated on its northern end to St. Albans in the mid-to-late 1950s, at which time the former routing of VT 104 between Alburgh and the Canadian border was redesignated VT 68. It was renumbered to VT 225 between 1976 and 1985 to match the designation of the highway it connected to (Quebec Route 225) in Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20754829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754829" title="Stellwagen">
Stellwagen

Stellwagen is German surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="20754838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754838" title="PsyScope">
PsyScope

PsyScope is a graphical user interface (GUI) software program that allows researchers to design and run psychological experiments. It runs on Apple Macintosh computers and was originally designed for use with the Mac OS 9 platform. PsyScope was originally developed by an interdisciplinary team of researchers at Carnegie Mellon University, including Jonathan Cohen, Matthew Flatt, Brian MacWhinney, and Jefferson Provost. It has been ported to Mac OS X by a group of researchers and programmers coordinated by researchers at SISSA, Italy and the Pompeu Fabra University, Spain. It is still under active development. The program and its code are open source and freely available (see external link). It currently runs under Mac OS X Snow Leopard. With respect to its Mac OS 9 incarnation, PsyScope X has a much more complete control of movies and sounds, can interact with the underlying Unix environment, and allows researchers to design programs that use several external devices, such as response devices to record participants' responses, or Evoked potential and eye tracking recording devices. 
It is difficult to estimate exactly how many researchers use the program. Currently, no support exist for the Mac OS 9 version. However, many researchers in several well respected universities around the world use PsyScope X to generate and run psychology and neuropsychology experiments. Users of PsyScope X can share experiments, tips, and ideas via message boards dedicated to the software (see external link).

</doc>
<doc id="20754839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754839" title="Bill Ewing">
Bill Ewing

William R. 'Bill' Ewing is an American director, producer, screenwriter and president of Every Tribe Entertainment and Bearing Fruit Entertainment.
Career.
Ewing began his career as an actor then joined Sony Pictures in 1986 and was named director of production services in 1987. He was promoted to Vice President in 1988 and later to Senior Vice President after Sony's acquisition of Columbia pictures. He supervised production of over 100 films, including "A League of Their Own", "My Girl", "Groundhog Day", "In the Line of Fire", "Little Women", "Air Force One", "Men in Black", "", "Charlie's Angels", etc. He served as Senior Vice President of Production and Administration for 15 years, with his final productions including "Spider-Man", "Adaptation", "Stuart Little 2", and "Men in Black II". In 2001 he left Sony to found Every Tribe Entertainment and the non-profit Bearing Fruit Entertainment as organizations to brings the message of the Bible to life through media including films, documentaries, television commercials, radio and print advertisements, books and video.
Personal life.
Bill Ewing lives in Los Angeles with his wife Susan McIver, and is the father of actor Blake McIver Ewing.

</doc>
<doc id="20754842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754842" title="North Carolina Highway 108">
North Carolina Highway 108

North Carolina Highway 108 is a long, two lane highway in North Carolina, USA. It connects U.S. 176 in Tryon to Rutherfordton and passes through both Polk County and Rutherford County. It is a rural country road through eastern Polk County and western Rutherford County, and moderately developed from Tryon through Columbus and in Rutherfordton. It is also known as Lynn Road between Tryon and Columbus, Mills Street through Columbus, and Tryon Road in Rutherford County.
Route description.
N.C. 108 begins at U.S. 176 in Tryon and travels east through the unincorporated town of Lynn, where it crosses the
Pacolet River. N.C. 108 has an interchange with I-26 and U.S. 74 in Columbus, and another interchange with U.S. 74 east of Columbus. N.C. 108 passes through the center of Columbus, the seat of Polk County, which is the most developed portion of the route in Polk County. Three miles east of the second U.S. 74 interchange, N.C. 108 intersects North Carolina Highway 9 at the unincorporated town of Mill Spring. The section from Tryon to Mill Spring closely follows the front range of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It passes over the Green River in Polk County and the Broad River in Rutherford County. N.C. 108 ends 6.5 miles past the Polk County and Rutherford County line at Washington Street in Rutherfordton.
N.C. 108 is unique for having two roundabouts at the I-26/U.S. 74 interchange. These were constructed between 2004 and 2007 to improve the level of service at the interchange.
Future.
Widening of N.C. 108 to four lanes with a median and limited turn lanes near I-26 in Columbus is included as part of North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) State Transportation Improvement Program (STIP) project I-4729. This project includes making the I-26/U.S. 74 interchange a full interchange with access ramps from I-26 westbound to U.S. 74 eastbound and U.S. 74 westbound to I-26 eastbound. Currently, the partial interchange between the two freeways requires traffic to use N.C. 108 for access from I-26 west to U.S. 74 east and U.S. 74 west to I-26 east. The construction of the roundabouts was meant as a temporary fix to alleviate congestion at the interchange until funding for this project is available. It is currently unfunded in the 2009-2015 TIP, and is not included in the Draft 2012-2018 STIP. It is scheduled for reprioritization in 2012, and will be considered for the 2018-2022 developmental STIP. The project was not included in the Draft 2012-2018 STIP because NCDOT Division 14's funding allocation has been assigned to other projects. Funding allocations may change before the Final 2012-2018 STIP is approved in 2011. The estimated project cost is $20.3 million.
The Comprehensive Transportation Plan Study Report for Polk County, completed in October 2008 by the Transportation Planning Branch of the NCDOT, recommends upgrading N.C. 108 in the future to a four-lane, divided facility from its western terminus at U.S. 176 in Tryon to the U.S. 74 interchange east of Columbus.

</doc>
<doc id="20754846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754846" title="Hotel Gansevoort">
Hotel Gansevoort

The Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC Hotel or Hotel Gansevoort is a luxury hotel located at 18 Ninth Avenue between Little West 12th Street and 13th Street in the Meatpacking District neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The building, which was completed in 2004, was designed by Stephen B. Jacobs and has interiors by Andi Pepper. It has 187 rooms and 23 suites and features a rooftop pool and bar, among other amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="20754861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754861" title="Infernus (band)">
Infernus (band)

Infernus was a Kyrgyz death metal band from Bishkek that was active from 1995-2000. They were one of the first bands to play extreme metal in Central Asia, and were known for imagery with dead bodies spread on local media, brutality propaganda and promotion of cannabis as 'the best national product'.
History.
Early Years (1995-1998).
Infernus started as a university project under the name Family Rape Later the name was replaced with Infanticide, and later evolved to Infernus inspired by one of My Dying Bride tracks.
The band musical style was heavily influenced by Death Metal. The band appeared in some local newspapers in photographs with dead bodies. During these days the band only recorded one live demo tape, which later partly appeared on the internet.
Late phase(1999-2004).
Later the band converted into more metalcore sound under the influence of the band singer Bo. And recorded full-length album released in form of mp3 at one of the netlabels.
2000s.
In 2000 the band suffered from numerous changes in its members. The final record "One of the many nameless" was recorded with new guitarist, Andrew "Corpse", who later left the band to play in more experimental projects. At Koma Studio. Later, in 2003 Studio Koma organized a massive (for Central Asia scale) extreme music festival labeled "Koma 1", where Infernus hit the stage together with other local teams. Later Koma-1 disk was released featuring Infernus' "Defeating the Daemons". In the same year the band was nominated in 3 categories of "Zhivoe Elektrichestvo".

</doc>
<doc id="20754911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754911" title="Lasia">
Lasia

Lasia is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The genus contains only two species both of which are native to Asia, "Lasia spinosa" and "Lasia concinna". "Lasia" was believed to be a monotypic genus until 1997 when a wild population of "Lasia concinna" was discovered in a farmer's paddy field in West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The farmer had been growing them for their edible young leaves. This species of "Lasia" had been known of previously only from a single specimen at the Bogor Botanic Gardens. At the time specimen was believed to have been a hybrid between "Lasia spinosa" and "Cyrtosperma merkusii". The subsequent discovery by Hambali and Sizemore led to the realization that it was in fact a new species.

</doc>
<doc id="20754916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754916" title="Pocket (Sam Sparro song)">
Pocket (Sam Sparro song)

"Pocket" is the 3rd single from Sam Sparro's eponymous debut album, released in 2008.
Release Information.
"Pocket" was first played on Australian radio in November of 2008. It was released onto the Australian iTunes Store on December 13 of the same year. The download consists of the song "Pocket" and the B-Side, "Gypsy Woman (She's Homeless)", a cover of Crystal Waters 1991 hit. "Pocket" was originally intended to be released as an international single, but it's release was haulted abruptly after only having been released in Australia.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Sam Sparro".
Charts.
The single has peaked at #33 on the Australia Airplay Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20754928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754928" title="Brickerville, Oregon">
Brickerville, Oregon

Brickerville is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States.
It is located on the north bank of the Siuslaw River approximately three miles east of Mapleton, on Oregon Route 36. Route 36 used to be the main road from Florence on the Oregon Coast to Eugene in the Willamette Valley, but Oregon Route 126 now serves as the main route.

</doc>
<doc id="20754930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754930" title="BaKardi Slang">
BaKardi Slang

"BaKardi Slang" is a hip-hop song by Kardinal Offishall. Produced by Solitair, it was the first single from his second album "". The single was released in Canada in 2000, before being re-released in the U.S. the following year. It became his first single to appear on a "Billboard" chart, as well as his first Top 40 hit as a solo artist in Canada.
Background.
"BaKardi Slang" was the last song recorded for the "Quest for Fire" album. According to Kardinal, the song "almost never happened." He was about to drive to a casino with Solitair, and as he backed out of his driveway, Solitair put his beat tape in the system. After Kardinal heard the first beat on the tape (the song's eventual beat), he drove back home and recorded the song.
The anthemic song's lyrics depict the vibe in Toronto. Kardinal breaks down the city's slang in each verse, similar to Big L's song "Ebonics". In the chorus, he refers to himself as "Kardi", which is his nickname. The song popularized Toronto's nickname "T-dot", and became an instant hit in the city.
After the single became popular in Jamaica, dancehall artist Bounty Killer recorded a remix of the song with Kardinal, known as "BaKardi Slang Refix". The song appeared on Bounty Killer's 2002 album "Ghetto Dictionary: The Mystery".
Music video.
The music video, directed by Kevin De Freitas, begins with Kardinal rapping in the streets of Toronto, before going into a club. Later on, he drives a Hummer through various Toronto neighbourhoods, including Regent Park, Oakwood-Vaughan, and Jane and Finch.
Track listing.
12" single.
A-side
B-side

</doc>
<doc id="20754931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754931" title="Walter Richard Cassels">
Walter Richard Cassels

Walter Richard Cassels (London 4 September 1826 - 10 June 1907) is the speculated author of the anonymous work "Supernatural Religion".
Biography.
Born in London to a British consular official, Walter spent most of his early life in India. In partnership with two of his brothers he later set up a business in Bombay. After serving in the legislative council of Bombay from 1863 to 1865, he returned to England.
Supernatural Religion.
Supernatural Religion... excited much interest by the outspoken criticism pervading it. The learned work furnishes efficient aid to rational inquiry, and deserves to be studied by all lovers of free investigation. The assaults which were made upon minor details leave its main positions unharmed."
Cassels is renowned as the author of the anonymous work that appeared in 1874 under the title "Supernatural Religion: An Inquiry into the Reality of Divine Revelation". The work at once attracted attention, and it resulted in much speculation about the real author. But no one ever admitted openly of its writing. In a reply to this book many articles and books were written. The most famous were essays written by Bishop J. B. Lightfoot, and printed later as a book. As a result a third volume was added to "Supernatural Religion", and a revised edition was published in 1879. Replies to Bishop Lightfoot and other critics were made anonymously, appearing in magazine articles and as footnotes or prefaces to later editions of "Supernatural Religion". These replies were also printed as a book.
Speculation that Cassels is the author surfaced in 1895 after his publication of a series of theological articles. Cassels however never publicly acknowledged his authorship of "Supernatural Religion". Not much is known about his private life or how he became an early Christianity expert. He wrote poetry and was an art collector. Never married, he died in London on 10 June 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20754955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754955" title="Gastón Parra Luzardo">
Gastón Parra Luzardo

Gastón Luis Parra Luzardo (December 9, 1933 – December 14, 2008) was a Venezuelan academic, who up until his death was president of the Central Bank of Venezuela. He was appointed to the position in 2005. In 2002 he was briefly chairman of the state-owned oil giant Petróleos de Venezuela S.A.. Parra died on December 14, 2008, at the age of 75, at the Caracas hospital after a long time of illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20754965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754965" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clackamas County, Oregon">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clackamas County, Oregon


</doc>
<doc id="20754968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754968" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Oregon">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Oregon


</doc>
<doc id="20754972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754972" title="List of proposed state mergers">
List of proposed state mergers

This is a list of proposed state mergers, including both current and historical proposals. The entities listed below differ from separatist movements in that they would form as a merger or union of two or more existing states, territories, colonies, or other regions, becoming either a federation, confederation, or other type of unified sovereign state.

</doc>
<doc id="20754980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754980" title="United States presidential election in Kansas, 2008">
United States presidential election in Kansas, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 6 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Kansas was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 14.9% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. He won all but three counties and one congressional district in the state.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every pre-election poll. Since March 16, McCain won each poll with a double digit margin and at least 47% of the vote.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,219,074 in the state. Barack Obama raised $1,548,322.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $62,108. McCain and his interest groups spent $13,693. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
Kansas has always been a Republican stronghold at the presidential level, voting for GOP nominees in all but seven elections since statehood. The last Democratic presidential nominee to carry the Sunflower State was Lyndon B. Johnson in his landslide election in 1964. A combination of rural counties embedded with deep pockets of evangelical Christianity/socially conservative residents and suburban, fiscally conservative residents in Johnson County and Sedgwick County, Kansas nearly always votes Republican. Although the state did receive attention from Barack Obama, whose mother was born in Kansas, it wasn't enough to overcome the deeply planted GOP roots in the state. John McCain carried Kansas by a comfortable 15-percent margin of victory. McCain's margin of victory in Kansas, however, was less than that of George W. Bush who carried the state in 2004 with 62% of the vote over John Kerry's 36.62% showing in the state - a 10-point swing to the Democrats in 2008.
Obama only won three counties - Crawford (home to Pittsburg), Douglas (home to Lawrence), and Wyandotte (home to Kansas City). The first two were home to large college populations, while Wyandotte had a significant African-American population. He did, however, succeed in winning 41 percent of the state's popular vote. Only two other Democrats have cracked the 40 percent barrier in the state since Johnson's 1964 landslide (Jimmy Carter in 1976 and Michael Dukakis in 1988).
To highlight its status as a reliably red state, former State Treasurer Lynn Jenkins, a Republican, ousted incumbent Democratic U.S. Representative Nancy Boyda to win back Kansas's 2nd Congressional District seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Jenkins received 50.80% of the vote to Boyda's 45.97%. At the same time, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Pat Roberts was reelected with 60.06% of the vote over former Democratic U.S. Representative Jim Slattery. Republicans also made gains in the Kansas Senate, picking up one seat.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried three of the state’s four congressional districts, all held by Republicans.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Kansas cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Kansas is allocated 6 electors because it has 4 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 6 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 6 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 6 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20754983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754983" title="Danielle Byrnes">
Danielle Byrnes

Danielle Byrnes (born 29 March 1987) is an Australian model and actress. She was the winner of Miss International Australia with the world final to be held in Japan. She represented Australia in China and Hong Kong in November and December 2007 for the Miss Model of the World Finals. She placed 6th out of 65 worldwide contestants. Not long after, she won Miss Global Beauty in Australia and claimed 7th place in the World Final in Shanghai, China. Danielle claimed the title of Miss Bikini World Australia in Manly. She has been modelling since 2005.
Personal life.
Danielle grew up in Sydney but after living in Japan, Thailand, and China, she is now based on the Gold Coast, in Queensland, Australia, where she is a full-time model.
Modelling.
Danielle does photographic, catwalk, and brand ambassador work. She specialises in fashion, bikini, lingerie, portrait, and fitness photography. She is the face of Underwear of Sweden, Stepanka Swimwear, Dinaela Brazillan Bikinis, and All Bets.

</doc>
<doc id="20754984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754984" title="Jpspan">
Jpspan

JPSPAN is an Ajax framework. it uses PHP as server side language and Ajax in client side (browser). This is a great framework for PHP programmers interested in Ajax. 
JPSPAN provides tools to "hook up" PHP and Javascript, for the purpose of fetching data from PHP into a web page which has already loaded, without reloading the entire page.

</doc>
<doc id="20755004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755004" title="Delnice, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Delnice, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Delnice () is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755044" title="Conservation Council of South Australia">
Conservation Council of South Australia

The Conservation Council of South Australia is an environmental organisation that aims to develop the green movement’s blueprint for environmental action in South Australia, by focusing on water, planning, waste, biodiversity, coast and marine, and energy. The organisation serves as a peak body, representing approximately 50 member groups. Combined, these groups represent over 90,000 South Australians with the common goals being the conservation and protection of the environment.
The Council is an independent, non-profit and strictly non-party political organisation.
The organisation to 'give a voice to the growing environmental challenges that face us and the emerging solutions showing the way to the future.' Significant efforts of the organisation are place on education and engagement.
The Conservation Council of South Australia informs the public and government on key environmental issues and participates in government and community processes that seek to restore and protect the natural environment. The Council liaises with industry, government departments, unions, community organisations and all political parties. By nominating individuals to sit on government committees, the Council provides the community with opportunities for direct input into government decision making.

</doc>
<doc id="20755047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755047" title="Dobje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Dobje, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Dobje () is a small village in the Poljane Sora Valley in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755052" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in North Portland, Oregon">
National Register of Historic Places listings in North Portland, Oregon

The following list attempts to comprehensively present the full set of National Register of Historic Places listings in North Portland, Oregon, and offers brief descriptive information about each of them. The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) recognizes buildings, structures, objects, sites, and districts of national, state, or local historic significance across the United States. Out of over 80,000 NRHP sites nationwide, Oregon is home to approximately 1,900, and over one-fourth of those are found in Portland. While these sites are heavily concentrated in the Downtown, Northwest District, and Southwest Hills neighborhoods, a significant portion are widely spread across all five of Portland's quadrants.
Only NRHP sites within the municipal boundaries of Portland are shown in this list and its companion lists for the other four quadrants. Some sites beyond city limits will appear in other lists showing "Portland" as a general locality, but are excluded here. Although Portland's legal boundaries extend into Clackamas and Washington counties, all of the city's NRHP sites lie within Multnomah County.

</doc>
<doc id="20755073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755073" title="Dobravšce">
Dobravšce

Dobravšce is a small dispersed settlement, south of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755083" title="Ronald E. McNair High School">
Ronald E. McNair High School

Ronald E. McNair High School is a high school located in Northern California, specifically in Stockton, California. It is part of Lodi Unified School District (LUSD). Current enrollment is to be around 2,500 students. Ronald E. McNair High School opened in 2006 and is currently the newest high school in LUSD. The high school first opened in 2006 and is known to be the second high school to be built in Stockton from the Lodi District. Jim Davis is the current principal for Ronald E. McNair High School while Martha Dent is the current vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="20755085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755085" title="Daphnia barbata">
Daphnia barbata

Daphnia barbata is a species of water flea within the family Daphniidae. It occurs in several places within Africa including Lake Chad in northwest Africa and in the Makgadikgadi Pan in Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="20755087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755087" title="Yissachar Dov Rokeach">
Yissachar Dov Rokeach

Yissachar Dov Rokeach could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20755125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755125" title="Instituto Moreira Salles">
Instituto Moreira Salles

The Instituto Moreira Salles is a non-profit organization founded by Walter Moreira Salles (1912–2001) in 1990 and managed by the Moreira Salles family. Its goal is to promote the development of cultural projects mainly in five areas: photography, literature, libraries, visual arts and Brazilian music.
Part of its photographic, literary, and musical database is available through its website [http://ims.com.br]. It has cultural centers around Brazil (Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Poços de Caldas and Belo Horizonte), and four galleries (São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Curitiba e Porto Alegre).
Also known as the IMS, it is distinguished from other private cultural institutions in Brazil and abroad. One reason for that is its intervention practices; it basically focuses on initiatives that the institution already executes and provides. Another reason is the fact that it conducts short and long term projects, going away from short-sighted events as well as developing regular projects that educate and inform the public. 
Another important feature of this institution is the fact that it's located in three different states in Brazil, building a network of integrated cultural centers that work in different geographical and cultural areas with a unified goal.
It often works together with the Unibanco Cinemas|Espaços Unibanco de Cinema/Unibanco Arteplex, being the biggest private conglomerate dedicated to cultural activities in Brazil.
Administration
São Paulo - SP | Avenida Paulista, 1294 - 14º andar - São Paulo | Cep: 01310-915 | Fone: (11) 3371-4459 | Fax: (11) 3371-4464
Cultural Centers
São Paulo - SP | Rua Piauí, 844 - 1º andar - Higienópolis | Cep: 01241-000 | Fone: (11) 3825-2560 | Fax: (11) 3661-0984
Rio de Janeiro - RJ | Rua Marquês de São Vicente, 476 - Gávea | Cep: 22451-040 | Fone: (21) 3284-7400 | Fax: (21) 2239-5559
Belo Horizonte - MG | Av. Afonso Pena, 737 - Centro | Cep: 30130-001 | Fone: (31) 3213-7900 | Fax: (31) 3213-7906
Poços de Caldas - MG | Rua Teresópolis, 90 - Jardim dos Estados | Cep: 37701-058 | Fone: (35) 3722-2776
Organizational Structure - Instituto Moreira Salles
Board of Directors 
João Moreira Salles – Presidente 
Gabriel Jorge Ferreira – Vice-Presidente
Francisco Eduardo de Almeida Pinto – Diretor Tesoureiro
Raul Manuel Alves – Diretor Executivo 
Administrative Council 
João Moreira Salles – Presidente
Fernando Roberto Moreira Salles – Vice-Presidente
Advisors Gabriel Jorge Ferreira; Pedro Moreira Salles; Roberto Konder Bornhausen e Walther Moreira Salles Junior
Executive Council 
João Moreira Salles – Presidente
Advisors Augusto Carlos da Silva Telles; Lygia Fagundes Telles e Pérsio Arida
Casa da Cultura in Poços de Caldas
Consulting Council 
João Moreira Salles – Presidente
Antonio Candido de Mello e Souza – Conselheiro
Administration
Flávio Aurélio da Silveira Pinheiro – Superintendente Executivo
Samuel Titan Jr – Coordenador Executivo
Manuel Gomes Pereira – Coordenador Executivo
Odette Jerônimo Cabral Vieira – Coordenadora Executiva de Apoio
Cultural Coordinators
Sergio Burgi – Coordenador da área de fotografia
Beatriz Paes Leme – Coordenadora da área de música
Rodrigo Lacerda – Coordenador editorial
Heloisa Espada – Coordenadora de Artes
Liliana Giusti Serra – Coordenadora de bibliotecas
Michel Laub – Coordenador de Internet 
Moacir José da Rocha Simplicio – Coordenador da ação educativa
Coordinators at the Cultural Centers
Odette Jerônimo Cabral Vieira
Elizabeth Pessoa Teixeira
Vera Regina Magalhães Castellano
Roselene Pinto Machado

</doc>
<doc id="20755200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755200" title="East Asia Law Review">
East Asia Law Review

The East Asia Law Review is an academic journal focusing on legal issues concerning East Asia, published by an organization of J.D. and LL.M. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. One or two issues are published in each volume, with an occasional additional issue reprinting papers from a symposium held by the East Asia Law Review. In its 2010-2011 cycle, it will publish its sixth volume.
Mission statement.
The East Asia Law Review has the following mission statement:
The East Asia Law Review is committed to addressing current cutting-edge legal developments in Asia. Recognizing an existing gap in the literature exclusively dedicated to the region, we seek to provide a forum where scholars and students may contribute to the development of legal affairs within the region. To this end we seek to publish a journal and to host a variety of events within the Penn legal community in an effort to inform our peers and colleagues about recent developments in the regional jurisprudence.
History.
The journal was founded as the "Chinese Law & Policy Review", and published its first two volumes (for a total of three issues) under that title. It originally published articles both in English and in Mandarin Chinese. In 2008, it adopted its current name, reflecting its intention to expand its focus from China to the greater East Asia region and it simultaneously became an English language only publication. The journal held its first symposium in 2009, titled "Repeating History? Lessons from the 1997 East Asia Financial Crisis and What they Mean Today."
Editor selection.
The journal is managed by a board selected by its previous executives, and selects promising candidates from amongst the law school's students as associate editors.

</doc>
<doc id="20755216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755216" title="2009 Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game">
2009 Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game

The 2009 Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game was the All-Star game for the inaugural 2008–09 Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) season. It took place on January 10, 2009, at Red Square in Moscow, Russia. The World team won 7–6 over the Russian team.
Nominations.
Each team consisted of 9 forwards, 6 defensemen, and 2 goaltenders. The starting rosters were voted upon on the KHL.ru website. Both team captains were entitled to opt in 2 alternate captains of their choosing. The secondary lines and goaltenders were voted upon by the media and announced December 26, 2008, with the remaining players and reserves announced by January 8.
Events.
Game.
The format for the game was "Team Yashin" (Russia) vs. "Team Jágr" (World). The teams were named after players who are highly recognized in the sport and synonymous with their respective countries. Both players also captained their teams for the event. The format was voted on by the fans, with the alternative being the standard interconference matchup. This is reminiscent of the format introduced for the 48th NHL All-Star Game and will be used as a device to promote the game outside of Russia, as well as to promote the diversity of the league itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20755223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755223" title="Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited">
Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited

Mahavitaran (महावितरण) or MahaDiscom (Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited or MSEDCL) is a public sector undertaking (PSU) controlled by the Government of Maharashtra. It is the second largest electricity distribution utility in the world after State Grid Corporation of China. MahaDiscom distributes electricity to the entire state except Mumbai city and most parts of its suburban region, where BEST Undertaking, Tata Power and Reliance Energy are distributors.
history.
The erstwhile Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) was looking after Generation, Transmission & Distribution of Electricity in the State of Maharashtra barring Mumbai. But with enactment of Electricity Act 2003 of the Government of India, MSEB was unbundled into 4 Companies on 6 th June 2005 viz.
Of these, MahaDiscom is responsible for distribution of electricity throughout the state by buying power from either MahaGenco, Captive Power Plants or from other State Electricity Boards and Private sector power generation companies. The 'MSEB Holding Company' was created to hold all the stakes in these three companies.
kale
Consumer Base.
MSEDCL supplies electricity to a staggering 2.21 crore consumers across the categories all over Maharashtra excluding the island city of Mumbai. There are about 1.34 crore residential, 30 lakh agricultural, 13.46 lakh commercial and 2.5 lakh industrial consumers in MSEDCL area which fetch an annual revenue of about Rs. 45,000 crore.
Sources of power.
MSEDCL’s sources of power include thermal, hydro, gas and non conventional sources like solar, wind, bagasse etc. apart from hydro power of the Koyna Hydroelectric Project. Thermal power constitutes the major share which it gets from Mahagenco projects, Central Sector projects and RGPPL.
Infrastructure.
In terms of infrastructure, MSEDCL operates a vast far flung network
comprising 33 KV, 22 KV & 11 KV lines, sub-stations and distribution
transformers spread over 3.08 km2 geographical area of Maharashtra covering 41,015 villages and 457 towns. It has 1947 sub-stations (33 kV) with 49,000 MVA of transformation capacity, 10,334 HV feeders, and several thousand circuit km of HT and LT lines.
Human Resource Development.
MSEDCL has a workforce of about 76,000 employees. This force is the real
asset of the company . The welfare and well being of this asset has been
given top priority by the company. As such it has enhanced the scope of
training facilities to a great extent. In addition to the existing 4
training centers, MSEDCL has recently established well equipped 25 training
centers at Circle offices which impart necessary training to line staff.
Every year about 20000 employees are put through refresher/professional/HR
trainings. Safety is given special importance and safety training is
imparted to line staff on regular basis. Engineers are also deputed to
various other well reputed training centers outside Maharashtra for training under MDP module and also deputed for training under DRUM Project of USAID on regular basis.HR Department.Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company LTD.
Social Responsibility.
In last 2 years about 2000 wards of deceased employees have been provided with jobs. Two ITIs at Vaijapur (Dist. Aurangabad) and Kalyan have been adopted to improve facilities there to help the local population.
Empowering Women Employees.
Ever increasing number of female engineers in the workforce of MSEDCL necessitated the thought of their empowerment. A novel idea of formation of all women’s squads popularly known as Damini Pathaks is being implemented. A Damini Pathak, headed by a local female engineer and assisted by 2-3 outsourced female employees, equipped with digital camera, a security
guard in uniform and a vehicle has been established at each of the Circle
offices under the leadership of respective Superintending Engineers. The
task assigned to these squads is to undertake surprise checks of the photo
meter readings in their area. The aim of the exercise is to address the
consumer complaints regarding photo meter reading. The members of the squad
visit the households between 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. when generally housewives
are present at homes. The squads are working satisfactorily and results are
encouraging.
Mahila Bachat Gat.
We do come across the instances of women’s self-help groups like Mahila
Bachat Gats helping poor and needy women earn their livelihood through
production and marketing of home products. MSEDCL thought to exploit the
vast woman power by offering them some good opportunities on bigger scale.
It offered the Mahila Bachat Gats across the state to come forward and
undertake the work of distribution of energy bills. This is indeed a great
initiative towards empowering women. Accordingly, some of the Mahila Bachat
Gats have already taken up the said works at various places in the State
and an overall response is quite encouraging. It is hoped that the women
engaged in this would experience significant rise in their daily earnings.
Important projects.
To overcome the power crisis and improve consumer services MSEDCL made
in-depth study involving sub- division wise research of distribution network
and planned ambitious projects. They include :
Infra- Plan :
MSEDCL’s existing network handles a load of about 10,000 to 11,000 MW.
By 2012, there will be an addition of another 10,000 MW in the system. With
a view to cater future load, provide quality, reliable energy supply and
reduce losses MSEDCL formulated a Rs. 11000 crore infrastructure plan. The
plan envisages erection and commissioning of 586 sub-stations, 52351 circuit
kilometers of HT lines, 58,629 distribution transformers besides
augmentation of existing network. MSEB had erected 1846 sub-stations during
its lifetime, whereas MSEDCL aims to construct 586 sub stations in just 2
years. A leap forward in the direction of infrastructure development. The
project is being implemented on total turn-key basis and through 119 DPRs.
Orders of about Rs. 9189 crore have already been placed on various agencies.
Earlier capital investment for infrastructure development was a paltry
sum of Rs. 200 to 300 crore per year. The new infrastructure with
augmentation and renovation of the distribution network will revolutionize
the quality and reliability of supply.
Load Management :
MSEDCL has been implementing long term Load Management schemes to reduce
load shedding. Feeder separation is one such long term scheme in which
agriculture feeders are carved out. This not only helps load management but
also strengthens the infrastructure and reduces technical losses. MSEDCL has
also implemented Single Phasing Scheme in some parts of Maharashtra.
Currently rural areas face 8.30 to 11 hours of load shedding a day which
is decided by MERC. However, the load shedding hours have been almost halved
in about 24,461 villages that have been covered so far under these schemes.
The load shedding duration of these villages has come down to 2.00 to 5.45
hours which is on par with urban areas. The project cost of these schemes is
Rs. 3233 crore.
Rajiv Gandhi Gramin Vidhutikarn Yojana (RGGVY) :
This is a flagship scheme of Govt. of India. There are 4,709 villages and
13,44,087 identified BPL households targeted to be electrified under this
scheme. MSEDCL had prepared proposals for 34 schemes costing Rs. 829 crore
for 33 districts of Maharashtra. Maharashtra has been implementing the
scheme and has spent Rs. 443 crore so for. Connections to 905541 BPL
households have been released and 4243 villages electrified under the
scheme. BPL families are provided with 1.5 point power connections at a
nominal charge of Rs.15/- each and the villages are electrified as per new
definition under this scheme.
Restructured – Accelerated Power Development & Reforms Programme (R-APDRP):
R-APDRP is a flagship scheme sponsored by Govt. of India and financed by
Power Finance Corporation of India (PFC). There are 134 towns having
population more than 30,000 as per 2001 census selected in Maharashtra under
this scheme. The scheme is
being implemented in two phases – Part-A and Part-B. Creation of IT
infrastructure and allied works are included in Part-A for which a turn key
contract for 95 towns has been awarded to M/s.Larsen and Tubro
Ltd. while M/s Spanco Ltd has been awarded the Part 'A' contract for remaining 35 towns.
On completion of Part-A, the works under Part-B which include
renovation and modernization of distribution network, load bifurcation,load
balancing, arial bunched conductoring, HVDS, capacitor bank etc. will be
taken up. Distribution loss in R-APDRP towns is targeted to be reduced to
15%.
Major Achievements Post Restructuring.
Energisation of Agricultural Pumps : Maharastra has a record number,
highest as compared to any state, of agricultural pumps energized so far.
The number is about 30 lakhs. Earlier, there used to be a long list of
pending applications and the farmers used to wait for years together for
supply. The issue was addressed in a proper perspective by MSEDCL. Nowadays about 1 lakh agricultural pumps are energized every year. MSEDCL, in a
year or two, would be in a position to grant agricultural connections on
demand on par with other categories of consumers.
Loss Reduction.
In just 5 years, MSEDCL reduced distribution losses from 35% to 20% through various drives such as :
Anti theft drive :
This is being implemented on regular basis. MSEDCL has established 43
flying squads and 6 dedicated police stations functioning under vigilance
department to detect and handle power theft cases quickly.
Meter shifting :
For many consumers, meters were installed in hard-to-access places,
making theft easy to conceal. MSEDCL, therefore, decided to shift all meters
to the front of buildings to make them as conspicuous as possible. This
project is currently in progress on a large scale.
Mass Meter Replacement Project :
MSEDCL has decided to replace all the meters which have been in service
for last 10 years and more under mass meter replacement programme. It is
planned to replace all the electro mechanical meters with static ones. A
process has already been initiated for purchasing about 30 lakh meters for
the purpose. This is a huge project which will definitely lead to increase
in metered sale.
Energy Accounting :
MSEDCL has undertaken accurate energy accounting through various methods such as :
Feeder Metering :'
MSEDCL plans to install high quality meters at all necessary system
points, including interconnecting points. Feeder metering of all 10,240
feeders in complete and again, photo reading of these feeder meters are
taken.
DTC Metering :
There are in all 2,84,633 Distribution Transformer Centers(DTCs) in
operation, out of which about 1.51 Lakh DTCs have already been metered.
Distribution Franchisee :
Bhiwandi, a powerloom city, also known as the Manchester of India, had
typical problems like rampant theft and non-payment. MSEDCL opted for a
input based franchisee model for electricity distribution. It has handed
over Bhiwandi Circle to M/S Torrent Power on 26 January 2007. This
experiment proved to be very successful and a trend setter in power
distribution sector of the Country.
Recently the Company has appointed Distribution Franchisees for
Aurangabad Urban I & II Divisions of Aurangabad Urban Circle and Gandhibag,
Civil Lines and Mahal Divisions of Nagpur Urban Circle.
Zero Load Shedding Model.
Zero Load Shedding Model is being implemented at certain places with the active participation of local citizens through consumer groups and peoples representatives. The mechanism is extremely transparent and is prior approved by the Regulator. In this model, a costly power to the extent of shortfall is arranged for which a reliability charge is levied upon the local consumers. Beginning in Pune, the model was implemented in Navi Mumbai, Thane, Pen and Baramati. Of late MSEDCL itself filed a petition before the MERC for implementing Zero Load Shedding Model at all the Headquarters of Revenue Divisions - Nagpur, Amravati, Navi Mumbai, Pune and Aurangabad. The MERC approved the proposal and the model was implemented at these headquarters from December 2009. MSEDCL has planned to extend it further to district headquarters, taluka headquarters and so on.
It is of course, an entirely different thing that the Model is unsuccessful so far due to the heavy load shedding implemented in areas like Kalyan, Bhiwandi, Pune, Thane and other areas. It is further hampered by "Line Problems" due to which city specific areas experience power cuts of as long as 7 to 10 hours. A number of complaints registered by the users have gone unanswered. The company has paid no heed to many complaints and many consumer forums are abuzz with anger against the irregular and erratic load shedding timing. Incidentally Mumbai is excluded from Load Shedding for the major part.
Improvement In Consumer Services.
Online bill payment facility has been made available for all LT consumers across the state by commissioning own Payment Gateway on MSEDCL website www.mahadiscom.in. Earlier the facility was available to People in Pune, Bhandup, Kalyan, Thane, Vashi, Kolhapur, Nashik, Aurangabad and Nagpur only. A Consumer Facilitation Center (CFC) consists of a single window system with a help desk for customers. The CFCs accept consumer complaints, application forms for new connections, meter change requests and name or address change forms etc. Six state of the art CFCs have been opened at Rastapeth Pune, GaneshKhind Pune, Nagpur, Amravati, Nanded and Baramati. More are being planned. Small CFCs at 32 Circle headquarters have been established and more being established. Fifteen call centers have been established at the Municipal Corporations of kalyan, Bhandup, Pune, Nashik, Aurangabad, Nagpur, Kolhapur, Sangli, Akola, Solapur, Nanded, Dhule, Jalgaon, Ahmednagar and Amravati.
Customers can receive their monthly bills via email by registering on MSEDCL’s website.
Internal Complaints Redressal Units at all 40 Circles established. Consumers approach this platform for redress of their complaints before going in appeal before Zonal Consumer Grievances Redressal Forums which are there at every Zonal Headquarters.
Power to all by 2012.
In keeping with the national agenda of power to all by 2012, Maharashtra
has already planned a massive capacity addition programme and also initiated
process to tie up power from other sources. By December 2012 Maharashtra
ill be a power surplus State.Also give bill details on SMS service. By Mobile service we pay current Bill of consumer.

</doc>
<doc id="20755241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755241" title="Luyang District">
Luyang District

Administrative divisions.
Luyang administers the rural township of Sanshigang, the town of Dayang and the 12 streets of Xinghuacun, Sanpailou, Guangming, Xianqiao, Bozhoulu, Shouchunlu, Shuanggang, Yimin, Anqinglu, Xiaoyaojin, Gulou, and the newly created Haitang Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20755277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755277" title="Friction stud welding">
Friction stud welding

Friction stud welding is a solid phase welding technique involving a stud or appurtenance being rotated at high speed while being forced against a substrate, generating heat by friction. The metal surfaces reach a temperature at which they flow plastically under pressure, surface impurities are expelled and a forged weld is formed. This technique is rather more costly than arc stud welding and is therefore used for special applications where arc welding may present problems, such as: 
Portable equipment for friction stud welding is available for use on construction work sites, offshore, underwater and in workshops. These portable units are much lighter and smaller than the large static friction welding machines which are used, for example, in factories to weld engine components such as drive shafts. 
Principle of operation.
A portable friction stud welding tool consists of a motor to rotate the stud at high speed and a piston to apply the necessary 
force to the stud. The equipment may be air or hydraulically powered. A clamping system is also required to hold the tool 
onto the work piece and to provide reaction to the force on the stud. The clamps used are typically magnetic or vacuum clamps 
for flat surfaces, chain or claw clamps for pipes and various mechanical clamps for welding onto I beams or other 
shapes.
The weld is made by rotating the stud at high speed and forcing it onto the substrate causing friction which heats the stud 
tip and substrate surface. Metal at the interface between the stud and the substrate flows plastically under pressure, 
removing impurities from the metal surfaces, and a solid phase weld is formed. The rotation of the stud is then stopped 
but the force on the stud is maintained for a few seconds. The maximum temperatures reached during welding are much lower 
than the melting point of the metals.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Some notable advantages of the process are:
In the “as welded” condition the residual stresses are compressive which tend to result in good 
fatigue life. Studs can also be welded through epoxy paint or rubber coatings.
The main disadvantages of this process are:
Applications.
For the type of applications listed here it is especially important that the welding and operating procedures are fully tested and certified for both weld integrity and operational safety prior to use in production. Operators must be thoroughly trained and systems must be in place to ensure that the procedures are properly applied and risks 
properly assessed. 
Welding underwater.
When this process is used underwater, a shroud is fitted around the stud which prevents the weld from being cooled too rapidly by the surrounding water. The air powered systems can operate underwater to a depth of approximately 20m and are relatively 
simple for divers to use. The hydraulically powered systems can also be used by divers and have welded to depths in excess 
of 300m from a Remotely Operated Vehicle (ROV). Current friction stud welding systems are designed to operate to a depth of approximately 1000m.
Welding on live subsea pipelines to attach anodes.
Friction stud welding has been used to retrofit sacrificial anodes to subsea pipelines while the pipeline is “live” 
(that is, it continues to transport hydrocarbons at pressure). In some cases the anodes are placed on the sea bed next to the pipeline and a lug on a cable from the anode is connected to the stud welded on the pipeline. Another option is a "tripartite weld" where the lug on the anode cable is made of steel with a tapered hole in it. The tapered end of the 
stud welds through the hole onto the pipeline, welding to both the lug and the pipe and providing a fully welded connection 
between the anode cable and pipeline. The advantage of this method is that there is no significant increase in the electrical resistance of the connection due to corrosion during the lifetime of the pipeline. Many subsea pipelines have concrete weight coating on them and a small area of this can be removed with a water jet to permit welding.
Welding in explosive environments and zoned areas.
Friction stud welding has been used to attach "grating" to offshore oil platforms in areas where arc welding is not permitted because of the risk of causing a fire or explosion. A shroud similar to the one used for welding underwater acts as a barrier between the weld and the surrounding atmosphere. A water screen can also be used as an additional barrier. 
Welding materials that are difficult to join by fusion welding processes.
Friction stud welding is a solid phase welding process where the metals do not liquefy. This permits metal combinations such as welding aluminium studs to steel which would be problematic with arc welding because of the formation of brittle inter-metallic compounds. 
Friction plug welding.
In "friction plug welding" a tapered shaped plug is friction welded into a tapered hole in the substrate. This welding method can be used to repair defects in castings. It has also been used to fill the holes that occur on completion of a friction stir welding pass when the stirring probe is withdrawn from the weld.
Specific recent applications of friction stud welding include:

</doc>
<doc id="20755301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755301" title="Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area">
Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area

The Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area consisting of islands within the Potomac River in Maryland, USA along its border with the state of Virginia. It is administered by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources. 
Islands of the Potomac WMA provides of protected wildlife habitat situated in the river and stretching through Allegany (80 acres), Washington (6 acres), Frederick (223 acres) and Montgomery (515 acres) Counties. The river islands of the WMA are accessible only by boat. Within the WMA is established the Islands of the Potomac Wildland (see Maryland Wildland), consisting of about 82% (676 acres) of the total area.
The former Heater's Island WMA has been subsumed into the larger entity.

</doc>
<doc id="20755315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755315" title="Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company">
Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company

Mahapareshan (महापारेषण) or Mahatransco (Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company Limited - MSETCL) is the major electricity transmission company in the state of Maharashtra, India.
History.
On June 4, 2005, in accordance with Electricity Act, 2003 of Government of India, the old state owned company MSEB Maharashtra State Electricity Board was split into three companies: Mahanirmiti (महानिर्मिती) or Mahagenco (Maharashtra State Electricity Generation Company); Mahapaareshan or Mahatransco (Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company); and Mahavitaran (Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd). 
Mahavitaran is responsible for distribution of electricity throughout the state by buying power from either Mahanirmiti, Captive Power Plants or from other State Electricity Boards and Private sector power generation companies. 
Mahatransco transmits power from Power generation companies to the distribution network of Mahavitaran. An holding entity 'MSEB Holding Company' was created, holds all the stake in these three companies.
At present, Mahatransco is facilitating as State Transmission Utility ( STU ) also as per IE act 2003.
Company Profile.
Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company limited, a wholly owned corporate entity under the Maharashtra Government, was incorporated under the Companies Act, in June, 2005 after restructuring the erstwhile Maharashtra State Electricity Board to transmit electricity from its point of Generation to its point of Distribution.
It owns and operates most of Maharashtra’s Electric Power Transmission System. MSETCL operates a transmission network of 39871 Circuit KM of transmission lines and 559 EHV Substations with 89178 MVA transformation capacity. This infrastructure constitutes most of the inter regional as well as intra regional electric power transmission system in the State. Today, MSETCL is the largest state transmission utility in the country.
The company also has the distinction of being the only power utility in the state sector to own HVDC lines. The Company operates a 752 km long, 1500 MW, 500 KV bi-polar HVDC line from Chandrapur to Padghe. This has been marked as a major success as electric power is generated in east Maharashtra, due to easy availability of coal, whereas the bulk use of power is in the western part of Maharashtra in and around cities such as Mumbai, Pune and Nashik. The power losses are very low in the HVDC line. As a result, the power received at Padghe is practically the same as what is injected at Chandrapur.
The load dispatch center is the nerve centre for the operation, monitoring and control of the power system. The SLDC Kalwa near Mumbai is fully computerized and has ultra modern facilities. Mahatransco also has a Load Dispatch center at Ambazari near Nagpur. To keep up with the increase in Power generation in the next 5 years, Mahatransco also has planned to establish a robust transmission network. It is implementing an ambitious expansion plan over the period 2011-12 to 2015-16, to meet the evacuation and grid strengthening needs of the future. The adoption of predictive maintenance practices has helped the company to reduce interruptions and improve the network’s availability to 99.70%.
At MSETCL, thrust is given on innovation for value creation and cost optimization. It has installed ABT metering at 530 Sub-stations for energy accounting purposes and implementation of FBSM. The ERP system is fully integrated and being put into use, where functions of key departments are on line. To set up a comprehensive communication network by utilizing existing infrastructure, an Optic Fibre communication system of about 2801 km is being installed. It has also experimented with unmanned remotely controlled substations at two locations and GIS substations at Bhandup and Hinjewadi. To raise funds from the market for equity capital/ capex schemes and to reduce its interest burden, MSETCL is readying itself for the launch of an IPO. It has undertaken an ambitious task of establishment of a 765 KV substation at Aurangabad. The State Load Dispatch Centre (SLDC) at Kalwa and Ambazari are being renovated and modernized with 140 Nos. of SCADA – RTU.
Besides continual technical up-gradation, the company lays emphasis on imbibing required skills in its people and therefore it has invested in creating training infrastructure. The Company has adopted the National Training Policy and has established fully equipped Training Centres at 7 different locations which are attached to respective Zonal offices. These centres impart training on Technical, Safety and Soft skills which are guided and monitored by the HR/Training Department. It has recently established a Technical Training Centre - the Power System Learning Centre - at Aurangabad where employees are trained on various power system protection and equipment testing. Recently the Company has bagged “Special Commendation National Award 2011” for Innovative Training Practices from the Indian Society for Training and Development, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="20755317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755317" title="Ludwig Köchle">
Ludwig Köchle

Ludwig Köchle (also known as "Bunkerknacker") was an Oberscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Ludwig Köchle was born on the 28 February 1921 in Nofels, Austria.
He volunteered to join the SS in 1938 and took part in the occupation of the Sudetenland. During 1941 he was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in July and the 1st class award in November.
His award of the Knight's Cross was on the 28 February 1942, when an Oberscharführer, in the 1st Company, 1st SS Infantry Regiment, SS"Totenkopf". Which was part of Army Group North on the Eastern Front.
Köchle was killed in action on the 9 June 1942 near Polizo southwest of Lake Ilmen when he received a direct hit from an artillery shell.

</doc>
<doc id="20755356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755356" title="Panos Constantinou">
Panos Constantinou

Panos Constantinou (; born November 1, 1985) is a Cypriot goalkeeper who currently plays for Aris Limassol in Cypriot First Division.
Career.
AEL Limassol.
Panos is a product of AEL's youth academies. He became a regular member of AEL in the 2007-2008 season and performed well. In the 2008-2009 season it looked like he was going to be second choice goalkeeper, after the signing of highly cited goalkeeper Pierre Ebede. However, after some very poor performances by Ebede, Constantinou was handed the starting position. So, he had established himself as the first-choice goalkeeper for AEL Limassol, despite his young age. He made some great saves and since he was in a very good form, it was expected by the media and fans to receive a national call-up, but this never happened. His exceptional form during the 2008-2009 season earned him a new 1-year contract with AEL Limassol which he signed on the 24th of March 2008, and stayed to the club until the summer of 2010. 
APOEL.
On May 29, 2010 he signed a one-year contract with APOEL. With APOEL he won the 2010–11 Cypriot First Division (appearing in only one match) and became a champion for the first time in his career. Two years later, he became champion again with APOEL, after winning the 2012–13 Cypriot First Division, although he didn't appeared in any single match that season.

</doc>
<doc id="20755361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755361" title="Ebru Aydın">
Ebru Aydın

Ebru Aydın (born June 3, 1973) is a Turkish Pop, Rock and Jazz singer and songwriter. She is known to the Turkish music industry as "The signer who made the first cover in Turkey". She is also known with her appearance with the Turkish Megastar Tarkan and Zerrin Özer. She is widely known with her powerful voice and the cover songs she has recorded in 1993 . In 2008, Ebru Aydın released her last album called "Müsaadenizle".
Biography.
Ebru Aydın was born in Istanbul, to Neşe Aydın, a Jazz Singer of 70's in Turkey. Ebru's father is Güven Aydın, He is also a well-known piano player and Jazz artist in Turkey. Ebru started her music studies at the very young age singing musicals and jazz at home with her parents.
Her very first performance was in 1990 in Istanbul. She was performing standard Jazz songs. After a while the Turkish Megastar Tarkan offered her to be in his band as a back vocal. She had been touring with Tarkan for several years and they have performed the biggest stadium concerts in Turkey and also they have performed in Germany, New York, London and all over the world. Ebru Aydın also took part in the recording sessions of Tarkan's Aacayipsin.
When Tarkan decided to move to USA, Ebru started to work with Zerrin Özer. After a while Ebru started to work on her solo album and released it in 1998. She did the First Cover Song in Turkey and started a new era in Turkish Pop Scene.
Ebru moved to TRNC in 2002 and lived there for 6 years while preparing her new record Müsaadenizle.
Ebru Aydın is currently lives in Istanbul and married with contemporary classical music producer Eren Yağmuroğlu. The couple married in Las Vegas in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20755388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755388" title="Privatized foreign currency risk">
Privatized foreign currency risk

Privatization of foreign currency risk, also known as foreign currency risk privatization, is a financial system established under the Bretton Woods system in which foreign exchange risk was borne by the public sector, but when it collapsed, risk was privatized, as exchange rates are able to fluctuate freely.
In the scheme, exchange rates cannot be held constant by central banks. To reduce risk, those firms trading in foreign markets needed to be able to change their mix of currencies and assets held in the present and future in line with the changing perception of foreign exchange risk (Ee). The new international financial system is highly liquid, volatile, contagion prone, has huge volumes, and is ever expanding.

</doc>
<doc id="20755406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755406" title="Amy Applebaum">
Amy Applebaum

Amy Applebaum is an American self-help writer, professional speaker, and life coach. She founded the company "Bootcamp For Your Mind" in 2002 which provides life-coaching to its clients. Her work has been featured television programs including ABC News specials as well as TLC Resolutionaries. Applebaum has also been a regular commentator on the CNN program Showbiz Tonight. Her radio guest appearances include the shows Martha Stewart Living and Leeza At Night. She has contributed to several publications including the book "Wake Up Women" and is planning on releasing her own new book in 2009 based on her life coaching program.
Biography.
Personal life.
Applebaum was born and raised in San Jose, California. Her parents divorced when she was seven years old. Despite her parents' divorce, she cites both her mother and father as important influences in her life. After taking on a larger sense of responsibility growing up as the eldest sibling in her family, she worked three jobs to afford her way through college. She cites an incident in which she lost her job waiting tables as the opportunity which ultimately led to her career as a life coach.
Career and ideas.
Applebaum began her career as a life coach in 2002 after gaining experience as an entrepreneur with her first company which she had sold off. As a life coach, she has helped clients with her "Break Through" method to deal with problems which range from issues of health to careers. Her background includes certifications in life-coaching, neuro-linguistic programming, and hypnotherapy. Applebaum's "Bootcamp For Your Mind" differs from other life coaching programs due to its focus on tackling issues which confront clients quicker. Her program, which includes three phases to be completed within twelve weeks, is known for being rigorous although effective. As her program adheres more to finding solutions rather than spending more time to define the problems, she states, "If you focus on the negative or the problems in your life, your life will be 'the problem'. But if you focus on solutions and what you want, your life will be 'the solution'."

</doc>
<doc id="20755410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755410" title="List of Oklahoma Sooners football championships">
List of Oklahoma Sooners football championships

This is a list of championships garnered by the Oklahoma Sooners college football program.
The team has captured 44 conference titles, including 14 in a row between 1946–59, and seven claimed national championships: 1950, 1955, 1956, 1974,1975, 1985, 2000. In addition to the seven claimed national titles the NCAA also recognizes ten others: 1915, 1949, 1953, 1957, 1967, 1973, 1978, 1980, 1986, and 2003.
National championships (17).
The following list of national titles accounts for the seven that are officially claimed by the University of Oklahoma (in bold) and the additional titles awarded by other sources that are recognized by the NCAA:
Division championships (8).
The Sooners have been a member of only one division, the Big 12 South, in their entire history. They were members from 1996 until 2010, after which the Big 12 ceased divisional play.
† Denotes a shared title.

</doc>
<doc id="20755423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755423" title="Khuddam ul-Islam">
Khuddam ul-Islam

Khuddam ul-Islam is an Islamist militant group. It is considered to be a splinter group of the extremist group Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM). They have been banned from the United Kingdom and said to be politically aligned with Maulana Fazal-ur-Rehman's faction of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam. Some sources believe that Khuddam ul-Islam is simply a restructuring of JeM and that the group is under the command of Mufti Abdul Rauf Asghar, the younger brother of JeM's founder, Maulana Masood Azhar.
Khuddam ul-Islam, previously referred to as Jaish-e-Mohammad, has allegedly helped the Pakistani Intelligence community and the Taliban of Afghanistan. This organization has been aided by a variety of radical Islamic military institutions in the Middle East. Khuddam ul-Islam had also actively engaged in violent terrorist activities in Kashmir, in effort to rid the area of Indian Military. They have been active since 2000, working alongside several other Sunni extremist organizations in Pakistan. Osama Bin Laden has also been confirmed as a benefactor to this organization. There means of generating income come mainly from many legitimate business fronts. Khuddam ul-Islam has claimed responsibility for over a dozen violent attacks, mostly aimed at Indian forces. But, Khuddam ul-Islam has actively denounced US occupation in any Islamic country and has vowed to engage US forces and allies. There is no information on the exact size of Khuddam ul-Islam but it is rumored that membership may be in the hundreds.

</doc>
<doc id="20755425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755425" title="List of schools in Malacca">
List of schools in Malacca

This is a list of schools in Malacca, Malaysia. It is categorized according to the variants of schools in Malaysia, and is arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="20755430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755430" title="Lasva Parish">
Lasva Parish

Lasva Parish () is a rural municipality in southeastern Estonia. It is a part of Võru County. The municipality has a population of 1,811 (as of 1 October 2007) and covers an area of 172.14 km², giving it a population density of 10.52 inhabitants/km².
Settlements.
Andsumäe - Hellekunnu - Husari - Kääpa - Kaku - Kannu - Kõrgessaare - Kühmamäe - Lasva - Lauga - Lehemetsa - Listaku - Madala - Mäessaare - Mõrgi - Nõnova - Noodasküla - Oleski - Otsa - Paidra - Pässä - Peraküla - Pikakannu - Pikasilla - Pille - Pindi - Puusepa - Rusima - Saaremaa - Sooküla - Tammsaare - Tiri - Tohkri - Tsolgo - Tüütsmäe - Villa - Voki-Tamme

</doc>
<doc id="20755438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755438" title="List of College Basketball on CBS personalities">
List of College Basketball on CBS personalities


</doc>
<doc id="20755447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755447" title="Craig Slike">
Craig Slike

Craig Slike is an American actor and graphic artist. He acted in the film Skid Marks, and played the role of "The Mole" in the fifth season of ABC's summer reality TV series. Craig is passionate about helping places devastated by natural disasters. Two places in which he has helped are with tsunami relief in Thailand and Earthquake relief in Turkey. .

</doc>
<doc id="20755448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755448" title="Offences against the Person Act 1828">
Offences against the Person Act 1828

The Offences against the Person Act 1828 (9 Geo.4 c.31) (also known as Lord Lansdowne's Act) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It consolidated provisions related to offences against the person (an expression which, in particular, includes offences of violence) from a number of earlier statutes into a single Act. It was one of a number of criminal law consolidation Acts known as Peel's Acts passed with the object of simplifying the law. Among the laws it replaced was clause XXVI of the Magna Carta, the first time any part of the Magna Carta was repealed. It also abolished the crime of petty treason.
It only applied to England and Wales (then described as England). A similar statute was passed for Ireland the following year (10 Geo.4 c.34).
A number of its provisions were repealed and replaced by the Offences against the Person Act 1837. The death penalty for shooting, stabbing, cutting or wounding with intent (s.12) and for post-quickening abortions (s.13) under this Act was abolished by repeal of those sections by section 1 of that Act (replaced by ss.4 and 6 of that Act respectively). 
The death penalty for rape (s.16) and carnal knowledge of a girl under ten (s.17) was abolished by amendment of those sections by section 3 of the Substitution of Punishments of Death Act 1841.
Section 18 made provision in relation to proof of carnal knowledge.
The Act was wholly replaced by the Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Under the Offences Against the Person Act of 1828 (9 Geo. IV, C. 31), several acts pertained to the crime of rape. The penalty for being convicted of rape was still death, and remained that way until 1841. The Act also made it a felony punishable by death to carnally know a girl under the age of ten. Carnally knowing a girl over the age of ten and under the age of twelve was a misdemeanor punishable with imprisonment with the option of hard labor for a term to be determined by the court. The Act also changed the definition of carnal knowledge; before the 1828 statute, victims of rape had to prove that the assailant ejaculated. According to Anna Clark, the use of ejaculation was considered by medical experts who used it as a sign of rape that they could codify and use as actually physical evidence, thus reducing the need for a victim’s testimony. Clark also contends that another reason for requiring proof of ejaculation allowed judges and magistrates to ask victims humiliating and explicit questions. By changing the definition of carnal knowledge from ejaculation to proof of penetration, the 1828 act made it a little easier for victims to prosecute their rapists. According the records from the proceedings from the Old Bailey from April 1828 to 1841 there were 63 cases of rape tried at the Old Bailey. Of those 63 cases 16 were found guilty and 12 rapists were sentenced to death. Three had their sentenced reduced to imprisonment, and one had his judgment respited altogether.
External links.
The Offences against the Person Act 1828, as originally enacted, The Statutes at Large, 1828 (from Google Book Search).

</doc>
<doc id="20755449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755449" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Northeast Portland, Oregon">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northeast Portland, Oregon

The following list attempts to comprehensively present the full set of National Register of Historic Places listings in Northeast Portland, Oregon, and offers brief descriptive information about each of them. The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) recognizes buildings, structures, objects, sites, and districts of national, state, or local historic significance across the United States. Out of over 80,000 NRHP sites nationwide, Oregon is home to approximately 1,900, and over one-fourth of those are found in Portland. While these sites are heavily concentrated in the Downtown, Northwest District, and Southwest Hills neighborhoods, a significant portion are widely spread across all five of Portland's quadrants.
Only NRHP sites within the municipal boundaries of Portland are shown in this list and its companion lists for the other four quadrants. Some sites beyond city limits will appear in other lists showing "Portland" as a general locality, but are excluded here. Although Portland's legal boundaries extend into Clackamas and Washington counties, all of the city's NRHP sites lie within Multnomah County.

</doc>
<doc id="20755453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755453" title="Dolenčice">
Dolenčice

Dolenčice () is a small dispersed settlement north of Poljane in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dolenčice include:

</doc>
<doc id="20755472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755472" title="Dolenja Dobrava, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Dolenja Dobrava, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Dolenja Dobrava () is a small village on the right bank of the Poljane Sora River in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755473" title="Attack of the Mutant Artificial Christmas Trees">
Attack of the Mutant Artificial Christmas Trees

"Attack of the Mutant Artificial Christmas Trees" is a free online video game developed as part of a marketing campaign by the National Christmas Tree Association in 2004. The game was meant to support the natural Christmas tree industry and received criticism from artificial tree producers.
Game.
"Attack of the Mutant Artificial Christmas Trees" has been described as similar to a "whack-a-mole" themed game. Players are called upon to pelt mutant artificial Christmas trees with snowballs, while avoiding the elves interspersed between the garishly colored mutant trees. Mutant trees emerge from boxes that are marked "100% Fake" or "Made in China". The trees, as the game says, have "mutated and are sucking the spirit out of Christmas". The game features an "Xmas Spirit Meter" light which dims for every mutant tree missed or elf hit by mistake. Between rounds the game provides "facts" about Christmas trees, or, depending on your point of view, "didactic little warnings about the evils of fake trees". 
Development.
The game was developed by a Dallas-based Internet marketing firm, Kewlbox; Kewlbox is a launching platform for games created by Blockdot. The National Christmas Tree Association, a trade group representing the Christmas tree farming industry, commissioned "Attack" to press their message that natural trees are the way to celebrate Christmas. The game was released for free download or online play in November 2004.
Reaction.
Salon writer Andrew Leonard said of "Attack of the Mutant Artificial Christmas Trees", "(the game is) diverting for about three nanoseconds — less, if you give in to the urge to pelt the annoying elf, for which you are unfairly punished". Despite Leonard's assessment, the game was played by 75,000 people in the first week of its release. While the game was meant as light-hearted, some artificial tree producers were not amused. The CEO of Balsam Hill Company, a U.S. artificial tree manufacturer, said he was surprised at the negativity of the tree growers ad campaign, adding that it was not exactly "warm and fuzzy".

</doc>
<doc id="20755475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755475" title="St. Thomas, Berlin">
St. Thomas, Berlin

The church St. Thomas (German: Thomaskirche) is a Protestant church in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin. Friedrich Adler designed and built the church between 1865 and 1869. Prior to the construction of the Berliner Dom, it was the largest church in Berlin, and the congregation was one of the largest in Western Christendom.
It is located directly between the Luisenstädtischer Kanal and Mariannenplatz, once a central location.

</doc>
<doc id="20755482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755482" title="Neocladia">
Neocladia

Neocladia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20755489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755489" title="Clane RFC">
Clane RFC

Clane RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Clane, County Kildare. They play in Division Two of the Leinster League. The club colours are black and red.

</doc>
<doc id="20755490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755490" title="Clive Wilmer">
Clive Wilmer

Clive Wilmer (born 10 February 1945) is a British poet, who has published eight volumes of poetry. Wilmer was born in Harrogate, Yorkshire and attended Emanuel School and King's College, Cambridge. Wilmer argues that religion is fundamental to what he writes, yet he does not associate himself with a parochial view of the spiritual. He is the brother of writer and photographer Val Wilmer.
He is currently resident in Cambridge, where he is a Fellow of Sidney Sussex College, a Bye-Fellow of Fitzwilliam College, and an Affiliated Lecturer in the Faculty of English, University of Cambridge. He is also an Honorary Fellow and a Research Fellow at Anglia Ruskin University.
Clive Wilmer was the prime mover of the Ezra Pound centenary exhibition "Pound's Artists: Ezra Pound and the Visual Arts in London, Paris and Italy", held at Kettle's Yard and the Tate Gallery in 1985. From 1986 to 1990 he was one of the four founding editors of the magazine "Numbers".
He is an enthusiastic advocate for the work of the Victorian critic, thinker and social reformer John Ruskin
. Since 2004, he has been a director of the Guild of St George, the charity founded by Ruskin, and became Master of the Guild in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20755494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755494" title="2894 (novel)">
2894 (novel)

"2894, or The Fossil Man (A Midwinter Night's Dream)" is an 1894 utopian novel written by Walter Browne. It is one entrant in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the final decades of the nineteenth century.
The book deals with a reversal of the traditional gender roles, and describes a society of "dominant women and submissive men." It is one of a group of speculative fiction works in its generation that took a position, pro or con, on feminism and gender roles.
"2894" is one of the rarest works in the English language.

</doc>
<doc id="20755502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755502" title="Dolenja Ravan">
Dolenja Ravan

Dolenja Ravan (locally also "Dolenje Ravni") is a small settlement in the hills above Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Locally, Dolenja Ravan is known as "Dolenje Ravni". The name "Dolenja Ravan" literally means 'lower flatland, lower plateau' (in contrast to neighboring "Gorenja Ravan"; literally, 'upper flatland, upper plateau'). The common noun "ravan" 'flatland, plateau' is relatively common in Slovene toponyms.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dolenja Ravan include:

</doc>
<doc id="20755514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755514" title="Democracy in India">
Democracy in India

India is the seventh largest (by area) and the second most populous country in the world, with roughly one-sixth of its population, of about a billion and a quarter. It is the world's largest democracy. It is one of the world's oldest civilizations yet, a very young nation. Elections to its Parliament are held once every 5 years. Currently, Prime minister Dr. Manmohan Singh is the head of the government, enjoying a majority in the Parliament, while President Pranab Mukherjee, is the head of state. India is a constitutional republic governed under the world's longest written constitution, federally consisting of 28 states and seven centrally administered union territories, with New Delhi as the nation's capital. The country has six main national parties: the Indian National Congress (INC), Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP), Communist Party of India (CPI) and the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)), Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). The Indian National Congress has governed the country for 3/4th's of the time since independence from Britain in 1947, under the de facto one party system and now, under the Dominant-party system. At the level of its states, many regional parties stand for elections to state legislatures, every five years.In rajya sabha elections will be held for every 6 years.
Factors affecting democracy.
The success of democracy in India defies many prevailing theories that stipulate preconditions. Indian democracy is best understood by focusing on how power is distributed. The earliest forms of Republics and Kingdoms in India were called Janapada and Mahajanapada.
Religion.
Religion as a major cultural influence plays an important role in politics. Political party support depends greatly on differentiating the electorate along religious lines. The major religious communities are those of the Hindus (although not a homogeneous block), the Muslims (again they too are differentiated as Shias and Sunnis) and the Sikhs; and many political parties are identified by the religion of their supporters. Many national religious issues are the key points of the success in elections.
Even some of the political leaders use religion for their own sake and as a medium for their political stability.
Caste.
The caste system crosses religious boundaries to affect both Hindus people. Hindus have four main castes and hundreds of sub-castes. Many political parties draw supporters form specific castes or sub-castes. The four main castes are Brahmins, kshatriyas, vaishyas and shudras. Brahmins, historically, were the upper caste and presided over religious rituals. Kshatriyas were rulers and warriors. Vaishyas were merchants, businessmen etc. Shudras were the most oppressed and mostly worked for other castes and were involved in the so-called 'impure' professions like cleaning and handling of corpses.
Population.
India is a second most populated country in the world, next only to China. The over a billion population poses a challenge to the state's ability to provide everyone with jobs, health-care, education and other public services. Slowing down the rate of population growth has been a major issue for governments, over time. India being a democratic country the ever increasing population can only be checked by voluntary means, with the informed consent of the people. With the current growth rate, India is set to leave China behind by 2020.
Development.
India is still an emerging economy, setting the pace and shape of development. India began as an explicitly socialist nation and continues with a large public-sector and many constraints on private enterprise, although recent governments have reduced some of these restrictions. Their reward has been faster economic growth, particularly through the growth of trade-oriented industry. Some recent governments were voted out due to a sluggish economy.
Regions.
India is very densely populated. Some advocate splitting some twenty nine states and seven union territories. It is the 2nd most populated country of the world.
Other factors.
Factors such as education, corruption, women's issues, student politics, criminalization of politics, leadership strategies and the design of political institutions affect national and local politics.
Some other factors such as the caste issue, environment policy, new long-term investment in the economy by foreigners etc., also have a bearing.
Other factors.
Factors such as education, corruption, women's issues, student politics, criminalization of politics, leadership strategies and the design of political institutions affect national and local politics.
Some other factors such as the caste issue, environment policy, new long-term investment in the economy by foreigners etc., also have a bearing.===Other factors===
Factors such as education, corruption, women's issues, student politics, criminalization of politics, leadership strategies and the design of political institutions affect national and local politics.
Some other factors such as the caste issue, environment policy, new long-term investment in the economy by foreigners etc., also have a bearing.

</doc>
<doc id="20755517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755517" title="Keith Chan Siu-Kei">
Keith Chan Siu-Kei

Keith Chan Siu Kei is a renowned Chinese pop song lyricist and record producer. Since 1984, he has written over 3000 Cantonese and Mandarin songs, and won numerous awards from various electronic medias in Hong Kong and Mainland China, including Best Chinese Lyrics Awards and Best Chinese Song Awards. His work can be found in albums released by many Hong Kong musicians, including Tat Ming Pair, Leslie Cheung, Anita Mui, Alan Tam, Shirley Kwan, Jacky Cheung, Priscilla Chan, Sandy Lam, Hacken Lee, Andy Lau, Aaron Kwok, Leon Lai, Sammi Cheng, Kelly Chen, Gigi Leung, to Twins, Stephy Tang, and Stephanie Cheng.
He wrote the lyrics to "We Are Ready", the theme song for the 2008 Summer Olympics which were held in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20755519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755519" title="Dolenja Žetina">
Dolenja Žetina

Dolenja Žetina (in older sources also "Dolenja Šetina", ) is a dispersed settlement below Mount Blegoš in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is a clustered village on a low terrace in the foothills of Mount Koprivnik. There are many springs in the area and there are abandoned mills in the two ravines below the settlement.
Name.
The name "Dolenja Žetina" literally means 'lower Žetina', distinguishing the settlement from neighboring "Gorenja Žetina" 'upper Žetina'. The settlement was known as "Doleinaschettina" in 19th-century German.
History.
In the past, the economy of the village was based on farming and forestry. The farms in Dolenja Žetina produced grain, and the villagers used the pastures on Mount Blegoš for pasturing their cattle and sheep, which they raised for sale. They also sold wood from the surrounding forests and practiced lace-making.

</doc>
<doc id="20755530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755530" title="Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoy">
Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoy

Count Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoy (), also known as the "American" (Американец) (17 February 1782 – 5 November 1846) was a Russian nobleman from the well-known Tolstoy family. Possessed of an unusual temper, he became famous for his gambling, his passion for duels, and his voyage to North America, where he earned his nickname. He was acquainted with many famous authors of his period and served as a prototype for some of the characters in their works.
Life.
Childhood and Youth.
Tolstoy was one of seven children of Count Ivan Andreyevich Tolstoy (1747–1811) and his wife Anna Fyodorovna, who came from the Maikov family. Fyodor Tolstoy's place of birth is not known for certain; most likely he was born on the ancestral estate of the Tolstoys near Kologriv.
Despite their high rank, the Tolstoys were at that time relatively poor, the result of a conflict with the authorities in the eighteenth century in which several members of the family were exiled or deprived of property. In order to ensure worthy careers for their sons, it was common in the Tolstoy family to send them to military schools. Thus, Fyodor Tolstoy, along with both his brothers, were educated at the Naval Cadet Corps in Saint Petersburg.
While still a boy Tolstoy possessed, according to the memoirs of his contemporaries, an uncommon physical strength, endurance, and dexterity, which fulfilled the necessary prerequisites for a successful military career. At the same time, he already had an unpredictable, even cruel personality. In the cadet corps he mastered shooting and fencing, which made him an extremely dangerous opponent in duels. Upon finishing school Tolstoy went into service not in the navy, but in the elite Preobrazhensky regiment, perhaps owing to the assistance of influential relatives.
His comrades at that time, among others, the future literary critic Faddei Bulgarin, described Tolstoy as an excellent shooter and a brave fighter. According to their memoirs, he had an energetic and passionate personality, but while fighting he was cool and resolute. His "wild" character, along with his taste for women and card games, gave him frequent cause for arguments with his comrades and higher officers that often ended in a violation of discipline. Moreover, Tolstoy was very rancorous and vengeful towards those who happened to anger him.
Among the nobility of early nineteenth-century Russia, excessive bravery and a deliberate search for dangerous adventures was widespread and highly valued, not only on the front, but also in daily life. As a result, duels remained very popular during this period and often arose out of the smallest arguments. This societal influence, as well as the individual traits of Tolstoy's character, explains his enthusiasm for duels. In 1799, at the age of 17, he fought his first duel with an officer who had reprimanded him for a violation of discipline. The details of this duel are unknown. There are also no reliable witnesses as to Tolstoy's punishment; several memoirs allege that he was demoted to the rank of a soldier, but other sources contradict this information.
World tour.
In 1803 Tolstoy went on a circumnavigation of the world as a member of the sloop "Nadezhda" ("Hope"), captained by Adam Johann von Krusenstern. This was the first circumnavigation of the world made by a ship under a Russian flag. How Tolstoy, who did not serve in the navy, came to be aboard the ship is unknown. Marya Kamenskaya, the daughter of his cousin, the subsequently famous artist Fyodor Petrovich Tolstoy, writes in her memoirs that Tolstoy in this way cleverly avoided punishment in the Preobrazhensky regiment. According to Kamenskaya, he posed as his cousin and namesake, who was on the crew of the ship but who did not wish to sail because he suffered from seasickness.
The ship "Nadezhda", as well as the accompanying sloop "Neva" under the command of Yuri Lisyansky, set sail in August 1803 from Kronstadt. In addition to its exploratory goals, the expedition was also meant to help establish diplomatic and economic relations between Russia and Japan, for which the party included a large diplomatic delegation headed by Nikolai Rezanov. The "Nadezhda" took a route across the Baltic Sea and the Atlantic Ocean, past the Canary Islands and Brazil, after which the ship rounded Cape Horn and set across the Pacific Ocean towards Japan, making stops at the Marquesas and the Sandwich (Hawaiian) Islands, and also at Kamchatka. After visiting Japan, the "Nadezhda" and the "Neva" set off towards Sitka, Alaska, sailed past China and Macao on the Indian Ocean, then rounded Africa and came back across the Baltic Sea to Kronstadt. The voyage lasted a total of more than three years, from August 7, 1803, to August 19, 1806.
Tolstoy's behavior on board, where he was unencumbered by official duties, was very unpredictable. He often provoked quarrels with other members of the team, including the captain himself. In addition, Tolstoy permitted himself some japes when addressing members of the crew that he did not like: for example, once he intoxicated the priest accompanying the "Neva", and when the latter lay dead drunk on the floor, Tolstoy stuck his beard to the deck boards with sealing wax. When the priest came to, he was obliged to cut off his beard to free himself. On another occasion, when Krusenstern was gone from his cabin, Tolstoy sneaked into his cabin with a ship's pet, an orangutan that Tolstoy had bought while the ship was moored on an island in the Pacific Ocean. He took Krusenstern's logbook, put a blank sheet of paper on top and began to show the ape how to cover the paper with ink. Then he left the orangutan alone in the cabin, who went on drawing on the notebook. When Krusenstern returned, all his records had already been destroyed.
Similar behavior more than once caused Tolstoy to be put under arrest. Finally, Krusenstern lost patience and abandoned the passenger during a stop at Kamchatka. Further details of Tolstoy's travels are known only through his own not always credible accounts. From Kamchatka Tolstoy managed to get to one of the Aleutian islands or to Sitka island, where he spent several months among Alaskan natives of the Tlingit tribe. It is possible that he got from Kamchatka to Sitka on the ship "Neva", after he was dropped off by the "Nadezhda". During his sojourn on Sitka (or according to other sources, during the earlier stop of the "Nadezhda" stop in the Marquesas), he acquired multiple tattoos, which he later displayed with pride to curious acquaintances. The afore-mentioned orangutan, which was left on land with Tolstoy and whose later fate is unknown, gave rise to a great deal of gossip in aristocratic circles. According to one of the rumors, during his stay in Kamchatka, Tolstoy lived together with the ape; according to others, he ate it.
At any rate, Tolstoy's return to European Russia via the Far East, Siberia, the Urals and the Volga Region, was probably full of adventures, the details of which only Tolstoy knew. According to his accounts, a merchant ship picked him up in Alask and dropped him off at Petropavlosk, from where Tolstoy wound his way overland to Petersburg on carts, on sleighs, and partly on foot. One of the few written testimonies of this odyssey is found in the "Notes" of the writer Philip Vigel, which only resurfaced in 1892. Vigel, who traveled around Russia at the beginning of the nineteenth century to study Russian daily life, met Tolstoy in Udmurtia and described this episode in the following way: "At one of the stations we were surprised to see an officer approach us in a uniform of the Preobrazhensky Corps. This was Count F. I. Tolstoy . . . . He was traveling around the world with Krusentstern and Rezanov, quarreled with all, drove all to quarrel, and as a dangerous person was put ashore at Kamchatka and made his way across land back to Petersburg. What hasn't been said about him . . . ."
Tolstoy's voyage concluded with his arrival in Petersburg at the beginning of August 1805. Thanks to his adventures, which gave rise to much gossip in high society, the count acquired an almost legendary celebrity, as well as the lifelong nickname "the American", referring his stay in Russian America.
War.
Immediately upon Tolstoy's arrival in Petersburg, he was greeted with new problems: he was arrested at the city gates and sent to the guardhouse. Moreover, a special ukase from Alexander I forbad him from entering the capital.
Tolstoy's scandalous past also disrupted his military career. He was demoted from the elite Preobrazhensky regiment to a post in the little-known Neishlott fortress, where he served from 1805 to 1808. Philippe Vigel wrote regarding this onerous period for Tolstoy: "the punishment was severe for the brave man, who had never seen battle, especially during a time when all Europe, from west to east, had broken out in war."
Only Tolstoy's friendship with the commander Mikhail Dolgorukov helped the count in the end to get a post as an aide-de-camp on the front during the recently begun Finnish War. There Tolstoy was in his element: he actively participated in the battles, including the battle of Idensalmi, in which Dolgorukov died. A while after, Tolstoy, risking his life, headed a reconnaissance detachment during an operation of the shores of the Gulf of Bothnia, thanks to which the corps under the command of General Michael Barclay de Tolly managed to cross the ice of the gulf and occupy the city of Umeå without casualties. These feats, which facilitated Russia's rapid victory, rehabilitated Tolstoy in the eyes of the command, and from 31 October 1808 he was allowed to serve in the Preobrazhensky Regiment as a lieutenant.
A few months later, however, Tolstoy fought two more duels. In the first of these he mortally wounded his comrade and captain, whom he himself had provoked by spreading sordid rumors about his sister. A few days later there followed a duel with the young ensign Naryshkin, who had asserted that Tolstoy had cheated him in a card game; Naryshkin challenged Tolstoy to a duel and was also killed. After this, Tolstoy was for several months confined to a guardhouse in the Vyborg fortress, and on 2 October 1811 he was dismissed from the army.
Less than a year afterwards, Tolstoy returned to the war, this time as a volunteer in the defense of Moscow during the French invasion of Russia. During the Battle of Borodino, he was severely wounded in the knee. On the recommendation of General Nikolai Rayevsky, who in a letter to Field Marshal Mikhail Kutuzov mentioned Tolstoy's bravery, Tolstoy received the Cross of St. George, fourth rank. Moreover, Tolstoy was once again rehabilitated and received the rank of colonel. At the end of the war he finally left the army and settled down in Moscow.
In Moscow.
From 1812 until his death Tolstoy lived most of his life in Moscow, in a house on Sivtsev Vrazhek lane. His notorious, almost heroic past earned him fame in the Moscow aristocratic circles, and Tolstoy took advantage of his celebrity. He regularly took part in noble gatherings and balls, and he himself organized several festive soirées and had a reputation as a refined gastronome. Owing to the erudition that he had gained in military school, he easily conversed with representatives of the creative intelligentsia, and became friends with many of them. Among his friends were the writers Evgeny Baratynsky, Vasily Zhukovsky, Aleksandr Griboyedov, Konstantin Batyushkov, Pyotr Vyazemsky, Denis Davydov, Nikolai Gogol, and Aleksandr Pushkin.
Card games and duels.
Tolstoy loved gambling and became particularly famous for this during his years in Moscow. He did not hide the fact that he sometimes cheated. According to the memoirs of his contemporaries, Tolstoy did not like to rely on luck during a game, preferring, by way of cardsharping, to "play for certain", since "only fools rely on luck", as he himself liked to say. A. N. Vulf recounts that once when Pushkin met Tolstoy playing cards, he remarked upon his cheating, to which Tolstoy replied, "Yes, I know that myself, but I do not like to be reminded of it." Partly owing to his cheating, Tolstoy often won large sums of money, which he in general spent rapidly and capriciously on society life. At other times Tolstoy became the victim of other cardsharps and suffered great losses.
Even more famous was Tolstoy's participation in a number of duels, the reasons for which were often found in card games. It is unknown how many duels Tolstoy fought in his life, but some accounts state that he killed eleven men altogether in duels. For Tolstoy, duels were evidently not only a way of vindicating his honor—as was accepted in officers' circles in Russia—but also an ordinary pastime. Once Tolstoy had to serve as a second in the duel of one of his closest friends. Fearing for the life of his friend, Tolstoy decided to intervene to prevent the worst: before the duel was held, he himself challenged his friend's opponent and killed him. Leo Tolstoy, the first cousin once removed of Fyodor, whom he knew from his early childhood, used to recount this event.
Personal life.
In his early years in Moscow, Tolstoy's love affairs provided copious material for rumor and gossip in society. He married the gypsy dancer Avdotya Tugayeva on January 10, 1821, but only after having lived with her for several years. Marya Kamenskaya's memoirs explain the reason for this marriage:
This marriage lasted until Tolstoy's death. Tugayeva gave birth to twelve children, however, only one reached the age of maturity: their daughter Praskovya Fyodorovna, who lived till 1887. Tolstoy and Tugayeva's eldest daughter, Sarra, possessed of a poetic gift, but very unhealthy both physically and mentally, died at the age of 17 of consumption. All the other children were born dead or died in infancy.
Relationship with Pushkin.
One of the best-known aspects of Count Tolstoy's life in Moscow was his not always friendly relationship with the poet Aleksandr Pushkin. Pushkin and Tolstoy met for the first time in the spring of 1819.
A notorious quarrel between them began in 1820 after Pushkin fell into disgrace because of his poems and was exiled to Ekaterinoslav, then to the Caucasus, Crimea and Bessarabia. During this time Tolstoy spread a rumor in Moscow, intentionally or unintentionally, that Pushkin was flogged by the police before his departure into exile. Hearing about this false rumor, the temperamental and sensitive Pushkin was so offended that he swore to challenge Tolstoy to a duel upon his return from exile. Moreover, the poet answered Tolstoy with the epigram "В жизни мрачной и презренной…" ("In a gloomy and despicable life...") and harsh verses in a message "To Chaadayev": "Or a philosopher, who in his early years / Amazed the world with his depravity, / But, becoming enlightened, made amends for his disgrace: / He quit drinking wine and became a cardsharp?" It is curious that when, during the publication of the poem, the words "or a philosopher" (или философа) were changed to "a fool-philosopher" (глупца-философа), Pushkin strongly objected: "'A fool-philosopher' is printed; why a fool? The poem refers to the American Tolstoy, who is not a fool at all".
While in exile, Pushkin assiduously prepared himself for the duel, practicing his shooting on a regular basis. On September 8, 1826, almost immediately after returning to Moscow, he sent Tolstoy his challenge. The duel was prevented then only by Tolstoy's accidental absence from Moscow.
A while later the known bibliographer and friend of Pushkin Sergei Sobolevsky managed to reconcile Pushkin with Tolstoy. Tolstoy was possibly also interested in reconciliation, as he knew that killing Pushkin would probably cut off his relations with many famous poets whose friendship he valued. In subsequent years Tolstoy and Pushkin even became friends. Thus in 1829, Pushkin entrusted Tolstoy with the delivery of a letter to Tolstoy's acquaintance and Pushkin's future mother-in-law, Natalya Nikolayevna Goncharova, in which he declared himself a suitor for the hand of her 17-year-old daughter Natalya. Although the elder Goncharova could not give Pushkin a definite answer, Pushkin eventually succeeded in his suit, and in 1831, he and Natalya were married.
Final years.
Tolstoy suffered greatly from the death of his children, especially when his eldest daughter, Sarra, died at the age of seventeen. Some of Tolstoy's friends recounted later that by the end of his life grew devout and considered the death of his eleven children to be God's punishment for his killing of eleven men in duels.
During this time, Tolstoy no longer fought duels and played cards only seldom. Instead, he prayed more and more, attempting to atone for the sins of his youth. Sometimes he went abroad to take the waters, spending time in various European countries.
One of Tolstoy's best-known acquaintances during these years was Aleksandr Herzen, who reminisced about Tolstoy a decade later in his book, "My Past and Thoughts" (Былое и думы):
Tolstoy died on November 5, 1846, after a short illness, in his Moscow home in the presence of his wife and only surviving daughter Praskovya. According to the recollections of his close friends, before his death he summoned a priest and confessed to him for several hours. Tolstoy was buried in the Vagankavo Cemetery. His widow Avdotya outlived him by fifteen years and died a violent death: she was stabbed by her own cook in 1861. The Tolstoy's house on Sivtsev Vrazhek near the old Arbat was not preserved: it was destroyed in the 1950s to make way for the "Kremlin" clinic.
Fyodor Tolstoy in literature.
Pushkin.
Owing to his notorious past and to his close acquaintance with many authors, Tolstoy became the prototype for some of the characters in their books, the most famous of whom was Aleksandr Pushkin. In his novel in verse "Eugene Onegin" (1823–1831) Tolstoy appears as the duellist Zaretsky, Lensky's second in his duel with the main character, Onegin. Pushkin depicts Zaretsky/Tolstoy in the following way:
<poem>
</poem>
These lines show that Tolstoy had made peace with Tolstoy: Pushkin refers to him as an "honorable man", who has transformed from an "arch-rake" into a ""paterfamilias"", with, however, the label "unwed"—an allusion to his long-lasting ménage with the gypsy Tugayeva. Further on in the story, Pushkin displays his friendship with Tolstoy:
<poem>
</poem>
Yuri Lotman agrees that fundamentally Zaretsky was based on Tolstoy, but concludes that Pushkin subjected this real prototype to a significant reworking. In particular, unlike Zaretsky, who fell off his "Kalmyk horse" and was captured, Tolstoy was an infantry officer, who was never in captivity.
Griboyedov.
The other famous poet who used Tolstoy as a model was Aleksandr Griboyedov. In his comedy "Woe from Wit" the character Repetilov refers to Tolstoy in a monologue, calling him a "nighttime robber and duellist" with "unclean hands", who was "exiled to Kamchatka and came back as an Aleutian". Tolstoy himself wrote corrections into one of the manuscripts. He modified the phrase "he was exiled to Kamchatka" to "the devil took him to Kamchatka", noting that he was never exiled, and limited the line about "unclean hands" to include "at cards", remarking that "for a true likeness these corrections are necessary, so that people will not think, that character steals snuffboxes from tables". Tolstoy also accused Griboyedov of implying that he was a bribetaker. When Griboyedov objected, saying "but you do play unfairly, after all", Tolstoy responded, "Only that? Well you should have written it that way."
Tolstoy loved to dwell on this line, bringing it up on many occasions. At one of the first performances of "Woe from Wit", Tolstoy, who was seated in the audience, stood up after Repetilov's speech and shouted, "I never took bribes, because I never served the government!", a quip that was greeted with applause.
Notes and references.
Tolstoy was also most likely used as a model for the cruel and bloodthirsty duellist Dolokhov, who fights Pierre Bezukhov in War and Peace.

</doc>
<doc id="20755531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755531" title="List of compositions by Simon Mayr">
List of compositions by Simon Mayr

Operas.
See List of operas by Mayr
Other secular vocal music.
Cantatas.
Additionally, there were five other cantatas for several soloists, plus 31 cantatas for a single voice.

</doc>
<doc id="20755535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755535" title="Dolenje Brdo">
Dolenje Brdo

Dolenje Brdo () is a small settlement in the hills west of Poljane in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755541" title="Konovalyuk Commission">
Konovalyuk Commission

The Konovalyuk Commission, officially, the "Temporary Commission of the Parliament of Ukraine on Clarifying the Circumstances and Investigating the Facts of Supplies of Ukrainian Military Equipment to Georgia in Violation of Ukrainian Legislation and International Law" (), was an ad hoc commission formed in the Ukrainian parliament to investigate the legality of arms exports from Ukraine to Georgia and Ukraine's involvement in the 2008 South Ossetia War. The commission, headed by Valeriy Konovalyuk of the Party of Regions, was formed on September 2, 2008. In December 2008, the commission released a report, accusing the Ukrainian leadership of arming Georgia in violation of Ukrainian and international law. On December 19, 2008, the parliament heard the report and decided to consider it and to forward it to the President and the Prime Minister of Ukraine, while the office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine is requested to evaluate its findings. The Prosecutor General is further asked to give a legal evaluation of the measures taken by Ukraine's security services and the Ministry of Defence that, according to the commission, were aimed at interfering with its investigation. At the same time, the parliament refused to extend the commission's mandate until June 2009 and to suspend the weapons exports to Georgia, as suggested by the commission.
Background.
On August 7, 2008, a war broke out between Georgia on one side and its secessionist territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, supported by Russia, on another. Shortly after, Russia accused Ukraine of illegally supplying the Georgian Army with weapons and claimed that the Ukrainian mercenaries participated in the conflict on the Georgian side. Ukraine denies illegal export of its weapons and involvement of its nationals in the conflict. A commission was thus created in the Ukrainian parliament to investigate the Russian claims.
Members of the commission.
The commission was composed of 6 people's deputies representing every political party or bloc in the parliament, except for the pro-presidential Our Ukraine–People's Self-Defense Bloc.
Investigation and findings.
The commission summarized its findings in a report, issued in December 2008. It concluded that Ukraine exported a variety of offensive weapons, such as tanks, BMP infantry fighting vehicles, BTR armoured personnel carriers, 2S7 Pion self-propelled artillery units, Grad multiple rocket launcher units, and Mil Mi-24 attack helicopters just prior to the onset of the South Ossetian war. The report also claims that some weapons exports were conducted in a manner detrimental to Ukraine's defence: a number of Buk missile system units sold to Georgia were taken off active duty, thus diminishing Ukraine's air defence capabilities. Furthermore, the report alleges widespread financial machinations involving weapons being sold for prices 3–5 times lower than the market value and payments not reaching Ukraine's budget. Additionally, the commission released a list of Ukrainian military specialists, thought to had been present in Georgia during the onset of the war.
Reaction.
All the parties implicated by the commission have strongly denied any wrongdoing, accusing the commission of using its position as a tool in the ongoing political struggle for power.

</doc>
<doc id="20755545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755545" title="Dolge Njive, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Dolge Njive, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Dolge Njive is a small settlement next to Lučine in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755560" title="Lukman Alade Fakeye">
Lukman Alade Fakeye

Lukman Alade Fakeye (born June 25, 1983, in Ibadan) is a Yoruba Nigerian sculptor and woodcarver. He is the youngest in the Fakeye family of carvers. He is a nephew of Lamidi Fakeye, who carved the doors of the African Room at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D. C. He began working with his father, Akin Fakeye, at the age of nine.
Lukman Alade Fakeye studied art and design at Ibadan Polytechnic, where he was elected Best Student in Sculpture twice. Fakeye's works can be seen in public and private collections in Nigeria, the United States, and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20755567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755567" title="Paul Gustav Eduard Speiser">
Paul Gustav Eduard Speiser

Paul Gustav Eduard Speiser (1877–1945) was a German entomologist who specialised in Diptera.
He was first a physician then a Medizinalrat, a medical adviser to a district.He worked on world Diptera, especially
Nycteribiidae and was an eminent medical entomologist.
Works.
Partial list

</doc>
<doc id="20755568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755568" title="HTC Touch Viva">
HTC Touch Viva

The HTC Touch Viva is a windows mobile smartphone developed by the High Tech Computer Corporation of Taiwan. Part of the HTC Touch Family, it incorporates quad band GSM, as well as the proprietary TouchFLO 3D user interface developed by HTC.
Specifications.
The following specifications are those found on the HTC website.

</doc>
<doc id="20755574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755574" title="Venezuelan of European descent">
Venezuelan of European descent

White Venezuelan is an unofficial term to describe the Venezuelan citizen of European origin.According to the 2011 National Population and Housing Census, 42.2% of the population self recognized as white. At least 60,6% of Venezuelans are from European ancestry.
The ancestry of White Venezuelans comes primarily from Spaniards. Other European people that have contributed include: Italian, Portuguese, Germans, French and English.
History.
Spaniards settled Venezuela during the colonial period. Most of them were from Andalusia, Galicia, Basque Country and from the Canary Islands. Until the last years of World War II, a large part of the European immigrants to Venezuela came from the Canary Islands, and its cultural impact was significant, influencing the development of Castilian in the country, its gastronomy and customs.
With the beginning of oil operations during the first decades of the 20th century, citizens and companies from the United States, United Kingdom and Netherlands established themselves in Venezuela. Later, in the middle of the century, there was a new wave of originating immigrants from Spain (mainly from Galicia, Andalucia and the Basque Country), Italy (mainly from southern Italy and Veneto) and Portugal (from Madeira) and new immigrants from Germany, France, England, Croatia, Netherlands, the Middle East and other European countries, among others, animated simultaneously by the program of immigration and colonization implanted by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="20755581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755581" title="Seven-layer salad">
Seven-layer salad

Seven-layer salad is an American dish that includes a colorful combination of seven layers of ingredients: iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, sweet peas, hard boiled eggs, sharp cheddar cheese, and bacon pieces. The salad is topped with a mayonnaise-based dressing and sometimes sour cream is added. It is served in a glass bowl or large pan so the layers can be observed. The dish is often associated with potlucks, picnics, and barbecues, where a large gathering of people takes place and many people need to be fed. There are many variants on the seven-layer salad and it can be made with additional (or sometimes fewer) layers, making it (for example) an eight-layer salad instead.
History.
Although there are many variations, the traditional seven-layer salad has remained the same for decades. The dish may have originated in the South and was called the "seven-layer pea salad" for its main layers of peas. The traditional seven-layer salad is covered with a coating of mayonnaise (and sometimes sour cream) and includes eggs and bacon. It has been said to have "helped give salads of the 1950s a bad name... when it came to health."
Variations.
Popular variations on the home-made salad's ingredients include ham, mushrooms, celery, carrots, and bell peppers. The dish remains a party staple, and its impressive height and layered architecture have been adapted by some restaurant chefs, though "our mothers were stacking long before many of today's chefs were even born." Cooks modifying the salad include those at Aura restaurant on Lincoln Road in Florida who include sliced mozzarella, red tomatoes and basil layered for red, green and white color, and others using fruit, cutting back on high-fat ingredients, substituting low-fat yogurt or a vinaigrette dressing for the mayonnaise/sour cream, and modifying the ingredients with ethnic and gourmet foods such as tomatillos, chickpeas, black beans and pepperoni. Another chef who serves items with "a sense of humor" offers "an updated seven-layer salad in a tortilla, where the ground beef of the 70's is exchanged for grilled shrimp."

</doc>
<doc id="20755596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755596" title="Fužine, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Fužine, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Fužine () is a small settlement in the upper valley of the Poljane Sora River in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Since 1924 a small hydroelectric power plant has been operating on the river in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20755619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755619" title="Coagulation screen">
Coagulation screen

A coagulation screen is a combination of screening laboratory tests, designed to provide rapid non-specific information, which allows an initial broad categorization of haemostatic problems.
The basic screen consists of:
Two other tests are regularly performed at the same time:
These tests may miss mild abnormalities but they will detect major disorders. The results of these screening tests, in conjunction with the clinical history (especially bleeding history), will then direct the selection of further, more detailed and specific coagulation tests, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="20755627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755627" title="Happy Ever After (TV series)">
Happy Ever After (TV series)

Happy Ever After (Traditional Chinese: 金玉滿堂) is a 1999 Hong Kong grand-production television period drama. A TVB production, the drama was produced by Chong Wai-kin, written by Chan Ching-yee and Choi Ting-ting, and stars an ensemble cast. The drama is set during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor of Late Imperial China's Qing dynasty. The drama tells of a story regarding the struggles of a poor chef and his best friend earning an opportunity to serve the Qianlong Emperor, also befriending the emperor along the way. The drama also places an emphasis on Chinese cuisine with documentations concerning the Manchu Han Imperial Feast.
"Happy Ever After" acclaimed positive reviews from critics and was TVB's third highest-rating drama of 1999, peaking to 40 points (over 3 million viewers). "Happy Ever After" was re-broadcast on the same channel in 2007 between January and March.

</doc>
<doc id="20755638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755638" title="Louie Sakoda">
Louie Sakoda

Louie Sakoda (born October 28, 1986) is a professional Canadian football player who is kicker and punter in the Canadian Football League (CFL). He played college football for the University of Utah, and earned All-American honors. Sakoda has played professionally for the CFL's Saskatchewan Roughriders. He is currently a free agent.
Early years.
Sakoda was born in San Jose, California. He attended Branham High School in San Jose, and played high school football for the Branham Bruins.
Professional career.
Sakoda was signed as a free agent with the San Diego Chargers, but was released before the 2009 season. On October 14, 2009, he signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. Sakoda was released by the Roughriders on August 2, 2010 after struggling at the start of the season. Sakoda was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on August 10, 2010. He was injured before playing a single game and was released by the Bombers on September 22, 2010. He was later signed by the Edmonton Eskimos on March 21, 2011 after the team traded away Justin Medlock that same day. On June 26, 2011, Sakoda was released from the Eskimos.

</doc>
<doc id="20755683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755683" title="Bahnzeit">
Bahnzeit

Bahnzeit (German, literally "railway time") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20755694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755694" title="List of ESPN College Basketball personalities">
List of ESPN College Basketball personalities

The following is a list of ESPN College Basketball personalities, as appearing in games broadcast on ABC, ESPN, ESPN2, and ESPNU. Keep in mind these are only weekly regular season pairings for college basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="20755696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755696" title="Bak file">
Bak file

In computing, ".bak" is a filename extension commonly used to signify a backup copy of a file.
When a program is about to overwrite an existing file (for example, when the user saves the document he or she is working on), the program may first make a copy of the existing file, with .bak appended to the filename. This common .bak naming scheme makes it possible to retrieve the original contents of the file. In a similar manner, a user may also manually make a copy of the file before the change and append .bak to the filename.
Other naming schemes are also in widespread use: file~, file.orig, file.old, and so on.
Database Applications like FoxPro and SQL Server use .bak files to back up their databases and other applications, like XML shell, create .bak files in their Autosave process. They don't get automatically deleted, so they need to be manually deleted after the process using it is stopped.

</doc>
<doc id="20755722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755722" title="Wild Seed">
Wild Seed

Wild Seed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20755761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755761" title="Goli Vrh, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Goli Vrh, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Goli Vrh is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20755764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755764" title="Hedwig and the Angry Inch (soundtrack)">
Hedwig and the Angry Inch (soundtrack)

"Hedwig and the Angry Inch" is a 1999 musical about a fictional rock and roll band fronted by an East German transsexual singer. The text is by John Cameron Mitchell, and the music and lyrics are by Stephen Trask. The musical has gathered a devoted cult following, and the musical has been adapted into the 2001 American musical film "of the same name".
The cast recording was released in 1999, featuring the original cast performing all the tracks written for the stage musical. Hedwig's songs were recorded by John Cameron Mitchell (lead vocals), Stephen Trask, Miriam Shor, Bob Mould (of Hüsker Dü), Ted Liscinski, Perry L. James, Alexis Fleisig, and Eli Janney. Tommy Gnosis' songs were recorded by Stephen Trask (lead vocals), Miriam Shor, Bob Mould, Ted Liscinski, Perry L. James, Scott McCloud, Eli Janney, Alexis Fleisig, and Johnny Temple.
Songs.
Most of these songs were covered by major artist in the charity album "Wig in a Box".
Tear Me Down.
Tear Me Down is a song from the off-Broadway musical "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and subsequent film. It was composed by Stephen Trask, and performed by the characters Hedwig (John Cameron Mitchell) and Yitzhak (Miriam Shor). It is the show's opening number. It contains a spoken section alluding to the construction of the Berlin Wall on August 12, 1961 and its fall on November 9, 1989.
Meaning.
"Tear Me Down" introduces Hedwig as a person who has been, just like her home town of Berlin, ""split in two"". Most obviously she is part-male and part-female, but as the song progresses, we see that she is also a cross between conqueror and victim (""Enemies and adversaries, they try and tear me down""); spirituality and repugnance (""I rose ... like Lazarus"" and ""decorate me with blood, graffiti and spit""); accessibility and imprisonment (""Ain't much of a difference between a bridge and a wall"").
Notably, Hedwig is compared to the divide between Communist East Germany and democratic West Germany. Her personal crisis stems from the disparity between these two states and her inability to reconcile them, much as she cannot reconcile her new body (""I rose from off the doctor's slab"").
Sugar Daddy.
"Sugar Daddy" is a song from the off-Broadway musical "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and subsequent film. It was composed by Stephen Trask, and is performed in the musical by the characters Hedwig (John Cameron Mitchell) and Sgt. Luther Robinson (Maurice Dean Wint in the film).
The divide between Communist East Germany and the democratic Western World is illustrated in the numerous cultural references included in the song's lyrics; they underline the idea that Hedwig is living in the Communist world where dictators and violence are the norm, while across the wall, Luther (and the American food products, fashion items and technological advancements) represents the American Dream.
Angry Inch.
The Angry Inch is a song from the off-Broadway musical, "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and its subsequent film adaptation. It was composed by Stephen Trask and performed by John Cameron Mitchell. The song details the botched sex-change operation that Hedwig got in order to marry an American soldier and move to the United States. The eponymous "angry inch" is what remains of Hedwig's penis - "six inches forward and five inches back".
The song was covered by Type O Negative on the album "Life is Killing Me". Sleater-Kinney and Fred Schneider also covered the song for "Wig in a Box", a benefit album for the Hetrick-Martin Institute. Production of the album was documented in the 2006 film "".
In the film, the song was performed at the fictional Bilgewater's and the song started a fight.
Wig in a Box.
Wig in a Box is a song from the off-Broadway musical, "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and its subsequent film adaptation. It was composed by Stephen Trask and is performed in the musical by the character Hedwig (John Cameron Mitchell) and her band The Angry Inch.
The titular wig in the box is the last present that Hedwig's husband Luther bought her, and the song concerns Hedwig enjoying listening to music and trying on wigs, which enable her to be whomever she wants. Because the part of the story in which this song appears is set in 1989, the song contains references to outdated sound recording (and playing) devices.
The Origin of Love.
"The Origin of Love" is a song from the stage show "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and subsequent film. Stephen Trask wrote the song, which is based on a story from Plato's "Symposium".
Origins.
In the "Symposium", a party is being held in which a series of speeches are given paying homage to Eros, the Greek god of love. "The Origin of Love" is taken from the speech given by the playwright Aristophanes.
According to the speech, long ago, humans were composed of two people stuck back-to-back, with two faces and eight limbs. Male-male humans came from the Sun, female-female humans from the Earth and male-female humans from the Moon. The gods, out of jealousy, split them in half. Now, throughout our lives, we are always trying to find our "other half", and sexual intercourse is the only means we have to put the two halves back together; this desire to be one person again is what we call "love". However, it is impossible to fully rejoin two people because it is our souls and not our bodies that most desire to be reunited.
The song.
Trask says of the song's form: "When I started writing that song, the only way I could think to write it was as a picture book. So I wrote it, all the images in it, and the way the story gets told, as the language of, like, a Dr. Seuss picture book. If you read the lyrics out loud, they read like a picture book."
While taken from the story within the story in the Symposium, the song deliberately jumbles deities of different cultures (such as Zeus, Osiris, and Thor.) It puts forward Hedwig's idea that humans have pre-destined soul mates, and that she is seeking hers. At the end of the film Tommy addresses this idea in the reprise of the song Wicked Little Town, arguing that no cosmic force controls our destiny ("And there's no mystical design, no cosmic lover preassigned"), and suggesting that she needs to move on.
According to the Internet Movie Database, and the DVD's commentary track, the vocals for this song as it appears in the film were recorded live.
The animation that accompanies the song in the film version was drawn by Emily Hubley.
Wicked Little Town.
"Wicked Little Town" is a song from the off-Broadway musical, "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and the subsequent film adaptation. Composed by Stephen Trask, the song is a poetic reflection on the doomed love between two of the characters, Hedwig and Tommy Gnosis.
Summary and context.
The original song is basically about a person who falls in love with someone in a wicked town that seems to be impossible to escape. In the story of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", Hedwig sings the tune as a love song to Tommy, while in the film, she is singing sings a version of the song when Tommy comes into a donut shop, and later in the film, a full, Rock ballad reprise version has been created for Tommy to sing to Hedwig. After his relationship with Hedwig was revealed, Tommy sings that he is sorry for how much he has hurt Hedwig, that he never understood she was "more than a woman or a man" and that now he finally sees how much he took from her by stealing her songs. He also tells her that her ideas about soulmates and cosmic destiny are preventing her from moving on ("Maybe there's nothing up in the sky but air...") and then, wishing her well, he slips away into the darkness, leaving Hedwig in tears.
It is notable that a line in the song, "If you've got no other choice, you know you can follow my voice" is literally played out in the story, as Hedwig stalks Tommy around the country from concert to concert, "following his voice." It could also be said that Tommy followed Hedwig's voice, given his hero worship of her, his taking on the Tommy Gnosis persona she devised, and his theft of her songs. When Tommy sings the reprise, he stops singing at "voice" while the song continues to play, and Hedwig smiles in a reaction shot.
The Long Grift.
"The Long Grift" is a song from the off-Broadway musical, "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and its subsequent film adaptation. It was composed and by Stephen Trask.
In the film version, the song was cut (except for the part where Tommy is working on the line ""Look what you've done."" In the stage version, the song is sung by Hedwig's husband Yitzhak, when Hedwig becomes overwhelmed with emotion and is unable to perform the song. The lyrics accuse Hedwig's former lover (Tommy Gnosis) of grifting her, singing: ""I didn't want to know that your cool, seductive serenade // Is a tool of your trade, you gigolo"." Hedwig concludes by deprecating the entirety of their love, singing ""The love that had me in your grip // was just a long, long grift.""
Midnight Radio.
Midnight Radio is a song from the off-Broadway musical, "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and its subsequent film adaptation. It was composed by Stephen Trask and performed by John Cameron Mitchell in both the original off-Broadway play and the 2001 feature film.
The song contains number references to the inspiring woman of rock 'n roll, including Aretha Franklin, Yoko Ono, Nico, Patti Smith, Tina Turner, and Nona Hendryx.

</doc>
<doc id="20755786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755786" title="Justice Allen">
Justice Allen

Justice Allen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20755794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755794" title="Brett Winkelman">
Brett Winkelman

Brett Winkelman (born January 30, 1986) is an American basketball player for the Brazilian team Minas Tênis Clube.
From 2005 to 2009 Winkelman played for the North Dakota State Bison men's basketball team. He earned all-independent honors in 2007 and in 2008 and 2009 he was selected to the First-team All-Summit League. In 2009 Winkelman helped lead the Bison to a Summit League Tournament victory and an automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Tournament. Brett Winkelman holds the NDSU all-time rebound record and sits second to teammate Ben Woodside on the NDSU all-time scoring record list.
In July 2009, he signed with Nuova Pallacanestro Pavia in Italy.
In February 2010 he moved to Poland (Anwil Włocławek).

</doc>
<doc id="20755799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755799" title="Rábasebes">
Rábasebes

Rábasebes is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary along the river Rába.
The Castle Széchenyi was built at the turn of the 20th century by the Széchenyi family.

</doc>
<doc id="20755817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755817" title="Fletcher Covered Bridge">
Fletcher Covered Bridge

The Fletcher Covered Bridge is a Multiple King Post covered bridge located near Marshville in Harrison County, West Virginia. The bridge crosses Tenmile Creek is West Virginia bridge number 48-17-03. Stones for the abutments were quarried at the top of a hill near the bridge site. The original building cost was $1,372. 
Location.
From Wolf Summit, go west on US Route 50. Turn right (north) onto Marshville Road. Continue north on Marshville Road 1.6 miles to the Fletcher Covered Bridge.
Upgrades.
Under a $447,000 contract, Allegheny Restoration and Builders, Inc. of Morgantown restored the Fletcher Covered Bridge, including detouring local traffic while structural timber was replaced and new siding and a metal roof were installed.

</doc>
<doc id="20755852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755852" title="Educational Studies in Mathematics">
Educational Studies in Mathematics

Educational Studies in Mathematics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. Founded by Hans Freudenthal, it first appeared in 1968. Published by Springer, the journal normally appears in 3 annual volumes, each consisting of 3 issues. The journal is paginated by volume.
According to the official description of the journal, it "emphasizes high-level articles that go beyond local or national interest," and a typical article deals with "didactical, methodological and pedagogical subjects, rather than with specific programs for teaching mathematics."
The journal was listed in ISI and received an impact factor (of 0.549) for the first time in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20755869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755869" title="Friedrich Hagedorn">
Friedrich Hagedorn

Friedrich Hagedorn (1814–1889) was a German painter who was active in Brazil. 
After twenty years of residence in the country, he then returned to Germany, his homeland. His production was relatively plentiful and always attentive to the discovery of new landscapes. He was born and died in Germany.
Biography.
After having been a court painter in Lisbon between 1844-1847, he settled in Rio de Janeiro from 1848 to 1853, completing a group of German artists who have documented the landscape and the national customs, traveling to Sao Paulo, Rio, Bahia, Minas Gerais and Pernambuco. He immediately installed his atelier at Rua São José, nr. 12, and started painting. Later he moved to Rua do Teatro, nr. 17. He took part in the Exposição Geral de Belas-Artes in 1859–1860. He remained in Brazil for twenty years, working in Niterói, Petrópolis, Teresópolis, Juiz de Fora, Salvador and Recife. Although he found a good market for his productions, his presence seems to have been little noticed by the official circles and art critics of the time.
He worked specially with watercolor and tempera, and some of his landscapes were disseminated through Chromolithographs. His work is preserved mainly in the Hispanic Society of America, in New York, the National Library of Brazil, the Museu do Estado de Pernambuco, as well as in private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20755877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755877" title="Shiladitya Patranabis">
Shiladitya Patranabis

Shiladitya Patranobis (1967 – 7 November 2008) was prominent Indian TV and Bengali film actor.He began his acting career with the Doordarshan serial "Sonar Sansar" in the early 1990s. He worked in the Zee Bangla serials "Rajpath" and "Rani Kahini". 
He died of renal failure in Calcutta. He was admitted to Kothari Medical Centre and Research Institute on October 14, 2008 with jaundice. His condition kept deteriorating. He was an alcoholic and had been to rehabilitation centres on two occasions. He had one daughter, from his first marriage, who resides in Toronto, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20755892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755892" title="Gorenja Dobrava, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Gorenja Dobrava, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Gorenja Dobrava is a settlement south of Gorenja Vas in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Urban. The oldest part of the church dates to the early 16th century, but it was later extended and the Baroque belfry was added. A fresco of Saint Christopher is preserved on its exterior wall.

</doc>
<doc id="20755896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755896" title="Nevada State Route 795">
Nevada State Route 795

State Route 795 (SR 795) is a short state highway in Humboldt County, Nevada, USA. One of Nevada's newest state routes, SR 795 primarily serves as a connector road north of Winnemucca.
Route description.
SR 795 begins at a junction with U.S. Route 95 (US 95) about north of downtown Winnemucca. From this point, the route heads southeast, crossing the Humboldt River, to its terminus at State Route 289 about northeast of Winnemucca. SR 795, along with SR 289, provides an alternate and more direct connection between northern Humboldt County on US 95 and destinations east on Interstate 80.
History.
Prior to becoming a state route in the late 1990s, SR 795 existed as a dirt road maintained by Humboldt County. The route historically served as a shortcut to Winnemucca and was experiencing increasing traffic volumes. The county worked with the Nevada Department of Transportation to bring the road to state highway standards and include it the state highway system. The newly constructed highway opened in early 1999, and was officially approved as SR 795 on May 1, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20755901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755901" title="Phil Dwyer (musician)">
Phil Dwyer (musician)

Phil Dwyer (born December 17, 1965) is a jazz saxophonist, pianist, composer, producer and teacher who, after 15 years in Toronto, now resides on Vancouver Island. Dwyer has been nominated for Juno Awards five times and won Best Mainstream Jazz Album in 1994 and Contemporary Jazz Album of the Year in 2012 for the recording Changing Seasons.
Dwyer has also appeared on Juno Award winning recordings with Hugh Fraser (1988), Guido Basso (2004), Don Thompson (2006), Joe Sealy (1997), Terry Clarke (2010), and Molly Johnson (2009). 
Dwyer’s first national press exposure came from journalist Mark Miller, who profiled Dwyer in a piece filed for the Globe and Mail in 1982 from the Canadian Stage Band Festival (precursor to MusicFest Canada), held that year in Hamilton, Ontario. Dwyer performed with his high school group Triple Image and took the Gold Medal in the combo category. 
Dwyer joined the American Federation of Musicians, Local 145, in 1983 at age 17 to perform with Fred Stride's West Coast Jazz Orchestra, 'subbing' for well known Vancouver saxophonist/flautist Tom Keenlyside. A recording of his first Vancouver performance as a bandleader led to his receiving a Canada Council grant in 1983 to study in New York with David Liebman, which led in turn to studies with Steve Grossman. Earlier teachers included saxophonists Steve Jones and David Branter, pianist Don Thompson, piano/theory teacher Joan Gosselin and school band director Bill Cave. His high school contemporaries included trumpeter Ingrid Jensen, bassist Pat Collins, and singer/pianist Diana Krall, for whom years later Dwyer would compose the tribute song 'Diana Piana'. 
In 1985 Dwyer returned to Canada to stay, stopping in Edmonton on his way to Vancouver to perform the Hugh Fraser’s VEJI band, and guitarist Oliver Gannon’s Quartet, at the Edmonton Jazz City Festival*. From 1985 through 1988 Dwyer was based in Vancouver, Canada, where he worked as a freelance musician, was a member of VEJI and the Hugh Fraser Quintet and traveled south to work with bassist David Friesen’s Trio (with drummer Alan Jones). Among his earlier recordings were the Juno winning Looking Up (Hugh Fraser Quintet), Classic VEJI, and Friesen’s Other Times, Other Places. Reviewers, including journalist Scott Yanow,highlighted Dwyer’s contributions to Friesen’s recording in particular. 
In 1988 Dwyer relocated to Toronto and established a freelance performing and recording career, as well as joining the music faculty at York University. He was a frequent performer at Toronto jazz clubs such as the Top o'the Senator, Montreal Bistro, George's Spaghetti House, the Pilot Tavern, and the Rex Jazz Bar. He also appeared at concert venues such as Massey Hall, Roy Thompson Hall, the O'Keefe Centre, and others. Among the artists with whom Dwyer appeared are Kenny Wheeler, Aretha Franklin, Rodney Whitaker, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, Esprit Orchestra, Holly Cole, Tom Harrell, Renee Rosnes, and many others. During the time he lived in Toronto he also toured frequently across Canada, in the U.S., South America, Europe, and Asia, appearing at various clubs and festivals with different Canadian based groups and in 1995 with Gino Vannelli. From the early 1990s until 2004 Dwyer was a fixture in the Toronto recording studios, appearing on many albums, radio shows, and commercials.Some of his most frequent collaborators included Doug Riley, Don Thompson, Roberto Occhipinti, Molly Johnson, Guido Basso, John Johnson, Manteca, Tim Tickner, et al. He also wrote commercial music for production companies Rosnick/McKinnon, Einstein Bros., Pirate, and others. 
In 1999/2000 Dwyer studied composition with Michael Colgrass, which led to him writing music by commission for the Amici Ensemble, Patricia O'Callaghan, Art Of Time, Gryphon Trio, Mark Fewer, CBC Orchestra, Kate Alton (choreographer), and several CBC Radio projects. 
In 2004 Dwyer relocated to Qualicum Beach, on his native Vancouver Island. He continued to tour, write and record prolifically, including recordings with Terri Lyne Carrington, Terry Clarke, Joey Defrancesco, Don Thompson, Molly Johnson, Ian McDougall, Phil Dwyer Orchestra, Jon McCaslin, Melinda Whitaker, Norman Foote, David Gogo and the Bridge Quartet. He also founded and operated the Phil Dwyer Academy of Musical and Culinary Arts (PDAMCA). 
As of 2012 Dwyer was a founding partner of Seawind Musical Instruments Inc., manufacturer of the Phil Dwyer Edition line of saxophones as well as other musical instruments and accessories.
In 2013, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada "for his contributions to jazz as a performer, composer and producer, and for increasing access to music education in his community".

</doc>
<doc id="20755912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755912" title="Corey Stuart">
Corey Stuart

Corey Stuart is a fictional character in the long-running television series, "Lassie" (1954–1973). Stuart is a middle aged bachelor and a Ranger with the United States Forest Service. The character was portrayed by Robert Bray. Corey Stuart first appeared in the series as a one-shot character in the tenth season episode, "Disappearance" (1963). He was a hit with the audience and returned full-time the following season as the series' only human lead. His last appearance occurred in the two-part episode of the fifteenth season, "The Holocaust" (1968).
Background.
As the eleventh season of "Lassie" approached in 1964, series star Jon Provost was a fourteen-year-old with his contract up for a three-year renewal. Provost however was not interested in remaining with the show, and did not renew his contract. He later recalled, "I was just tired of being Timmy everywhere I went. I couldn't see myself being Timmy until I was seventeen or eighteen years old...If they had let him grow up a little, maybe I would have wanted to stay on."
A few episodes in the last farm seasons were set in wilderness locations, and proved audience favorites. With Provost leaving the show, producers decided to scrap the farm scenario, and fashioned instead a plot about Lassie teaming up with Forest Ranger Stuart. The groundwork for their pairing was laid in the tenth season five-part episode, "Disappearance". Stuart rescues Lassie from a storm in the first part and reunites her with the Martins in the final-part. In the meantime, Lassie helps Stuart rescue others lost in the storm, stops a poacher on Federal land, survives avalanche and forest fire, and forms a profound bond with Stuart. 
With the new plot good to go, the Martin family was shipped off to Australia to teach agriculture in the eleventh season opener. Lassie remained in the States due to Australia's strict quarantine regulations and found a home with Stuart. The two would share adventure in America's national forests and scenic wonderlands. The show transitioned to color filming in 1965 with the twelfth season, and episodes became mini-travelogues with some locations being seen for the first time on television on color.
Casting.
Several actors tested for the role of Corey Stuart with Bray and a popular Western star competing in the finals. While the Western star was liked by the producer, sponsor, and advertising agency, Bray proved to have a more appealing on-camera relationship with Lassie and was awarded the role.
Cancelation.
With the cancellation of the Martin characters and the farm plot, "Lassie" began a steady decline in ratings.
Robert Bray's emotional problems and alcoholism brought about his departure from the series. According to dialogue coach Lloyd Nelson, "Robert Bray left "Lassie" because of alcoholism. It was a very tragic situation...It was so sad the way he allowed alcohol to take control of him...The reshooting and looping he caused cost a lot of money, but nobody wanted to run him off. We all understood he had personal problems, and for years they gave him every chance to work them out."
Corey Stuart was last seen in "The Holocaust," a two-part episode of the fifteenth season, (1968). There, he suffers serious injuries fighting a forest fire that require extensive treatments. Lassie meanwhile finds a home with two of Corey's co-workers Bob Erickson (Jack De Mave) and Scott Turner (Jed Allan). Both characters remained in the series as duo-human leads another season before disappearing without explanation. Lassie then saw a year alone before settling at a children's home for her final two syndicated seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20755925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755925" title="Kunan Poshpora incident">
Kunan Poshpora incident

The Kunan Poshspora incident occurred on February 23, 1991, when units of the Indian army launched a search and interrogation operation in the village of Kunan Poshpora, located in Kashmir's remote Kupwara District. At least 53 women were allegedly gang raped by soldiers that night. However, Human Rights organizations including Human Rights Watch have reported that the number of raped women could be as high as 100.
Although the Indian government′s investigations into the incident rejected the allegations as "baseless," international human rights organizations have expressed serious doubts about the integrity of these investigations and the manner in which they were conducted, stating that the Indian government launched a "campaign to acquit the army of charges of human rights violations and discredit those who brought the charges."
Investigations.
Following the district magistrate's report, increased publicity about the incident led to strong denials from Indian military officials. On March 17, Mufti Baha-ud-Din Farooqi, Chief Justice of the High Court of Jammu and Kashmir, led a fact-finding mission to Kunan Poshpora. Over the course of his investigation, he interviewed fifty-three women who claimed to have been raped by the soldiers, and tried to determine why a police investigation into the incident had never taken place. According to his report, villagers claimed that a police investigation into the event had never commenced because the officer assigned to the case, Assistant Superintendent Dilbaugh Singh, was on leave. Farooqi later stated that in his 43 years on the bench he "had never seen a case in which normal investigative procedures were ignored as they were in this one." Just a few months later, in July, 1991, Dilbaugh Singh was transferred to another station without ever having started the investigation.
In early 2014, an indian official broke his silence after 23 years. Breaking his silence, then Kupwara deputy commissioner Kupwara S M Yasin said that he had been threatened and offered promotions to change his report on the alleged mass rapes in Konan Poshpora in February 1991.
Yasin was the first government official to visit the villages of Kunan and Poshpora, near Kupwara, and note down the testimonies of the alleged victims. In his report sent to the then divisional commissioner, Kashmir, Wajahat Habibullah, Yasin had written that the Armymen “behaved like beasts” and that he feels “ashamed to put in black and white the kind of atrocities and their magnitude that were brought to my notice”. Within 15 days of filing of the report, he was transferred to the Muslim Auqaf Trust as a special officer.
“An Army major who was stationed in Kupwara and was a good friend of mine approached me and said, ‘You are on the hit list of the Army, please take care’,” Yasin said, speaking on the 24th anniversary of the alleged incident, which is marked as ‘Women’s Resistance Day’. “They tried everything to put pressure on me and alter the findings of the report, but my conscience didn’t allow me,” the former deputy commissioner said. “I was offered every kind of incentive in terms of political offers, promotion from KAS (Kashmir Administrative Service) to IAS, money.”
Calling the Konan Poshpora incident the “biggest blot on the democratic face” of India, Yasin said: “The major also told me that the government through its own investigations had come to know that soldiers of the Army had in fact committed mass rapes.”
At the event to mark the event, Yasin added that the State had used “every tactic and every organ including media” to prove that the Army was innocent and that the women were lying.
“After the mass rape, G C Saxena, who was the governor of J&K, called a meeting. That morning, I heard the news on Radio Kashmir, according to which Wajahat Habibullah in his investigation report had said that the Konan Poshpora mass rape allegations were false. At the meeting, when I asked Habibullah about it, he said, ‘I am yet to file my report. How can they say this?’.”
On March 18, divisional commissioner Wajahat Habibullah visited the village, and filed a confidential report, parts of which were later released to the public. He concluded:
"While the veracity of the complaint is highly doubtful, it still needs to be determined why such complaint was made at all. The people of the village are simple folk and by the Army’s own admission have been generally helpful and even careful of security of the Army’s officers… Unlike Brig. Sharma I found many of the village women genuinely angry … It is recommended that the level of investigation be upgraded to that of a gazetted police officer." 
In response to criticism of the government's handling of the investigation, the army requested the Press Council of India to investigate the incident. The investigative team visited Kunan Poshpora in June, more than three months after the alleged attacks. Upon interviewing a number of the alleged victims, the team claimed that contradictions in their testimony rendered their allegations of rape "baseless." The team interviewed hospital officials who stated that one of the women who had been pregnant at the time of the incident had given birth to a child with a fractured arm just 4 days afterwards. She claimed that she had been kicked during the rapes; a pediatrician who visited the village as part of the Jammu and Kashmir People's Basic Rights Committee, confirmed her story. The Press Council team claimed that the fetus had been injured during delivery. Medical examinations conducted on 32 of the women between March 15 and 21, nearly one month after the incident, confirmed that the women had wounds on their chests and abdomens, and that the hymens of three of the unmarried women had been torn. The team claimed that "such a delayed medical examination proves nothing" and that the medical findings were typical among villagers. Ultimately, the team concluded that the charges against the army were, "well-concocted bundle of fabricated lies" and "a massive hoax orchestrated by militant groups and their sympathizers and mentors in Kashmir and abroad...for reinscribing Kashmir on the international agenda as a human rights issue.
In stark contrast of the purported allegations of abuses, these investigations concluded the allegations themselves are "grossly exaggerated or invented". "The Kunan rape story on close investigation turns out to be a massive hoax orchestrated by militant groups and their sympathizers and mentors in Kashmir and abroad as a part of sustained and cleverly contrived strategy of psychological warfare and as an entry point for reinscribing Kashmir on the International Agenda as a Human rights issue. The loose-ends and the contradictions in the story expose a tissue of lies by many persons at many levels".—Investigation Committee
The Press Council's dismissal of all the Kunan Poshpora allegation, and the manner in which it carried out its investigation were widely criticized. Human Rights Watch wrote:
While the results of the examinations by themselves could not prove the charges of rape, they raised serious questions about the army's actions in Kunan Poshpora. Under the circumstances, the committee's eagerness to dismiss any evidence that might contradict the government's version of events is deeply disturbing. In the end, the committee has revealed itself to be far more concerned about countering domestic and international criticism than about uncovering the truth.
Asia Watch, in its 1991 report, stated: 
"The alacrity with which military and government authorities in Kashmir discredited the allegations of rape and their failure to follow through with procedures that would provide critical evidence for any prosecution – in particular prompt medical examinations of the alleged rape victims — raise serious concerns about the integrity of the investigation...Given evidence of a possible cover-up, both the official and the Press Council investigation fall far short of the measures necessary to establish the facts in the incident and determine culpability."
The United States Department of State, in its 1992 report on international human rights, rejected the Indian government's conclusion, and determined that there was "was credible evidence to support charges that an elite army unit engaged in mass rape in the Kashmiri village of Kunan Poshpora."
Outraged over the government's handling of the situation, divisional commissioner Wajahat Habibullah immediately resigned, and asked for early retirement from the Indian Administrative Service.
Aftermath.
Following the release of the Press Council's report, Indian authorities dismissed all of the allegations of mass rape as groundless. No further investigations were conducted. In October 2011 The State Human Rights Commission asked the government to reinvestigate the mass rape case and compensate the victims. They also called for proceedings to be taken against the then Director Of Prosecutions who had sought closure of the mass rape case and not investigation. Meanwhile, social stigma generated out of this incident has resulted in women of this area facing difficulties in getting married even today.
Social impact.
Education.
The incident has had a devastating impact on the villages. A feature report published in "The Indian Express" on July 21, 2013 showed the victims and their families are being socially ostracised. Only two students have gone to university since the alleged massive rape; most choose to drop out after eight class than bear the "taunts and barbs directed at them when they go to the other villages" of Trehgam and Kupwara to continue their studies. The only government school in the two affected villages teaches up to standard eight.
Marriage.
Families unscathed by the incident even in the affected villages have banned all social contact with the victims' families. Parents say it is difficult to marry off their children. At least one family has confessed to marrying off their 16-year-old daughter to a 50-year-old divorcee and father of three because "none of the young men in the village came forward" and "a search for prospective grooms outside the village was never an option after the incident."
Environment of fear.
The villagers from the two villages formed Kunanposhpora Coordination Committee (KCC) in 2007 to seek justice for the victims. The KCC head, a 70-year-old man Ghulam Ahmad Dar, told "The Indian Express" in July 2013, "If a reporter of a human rights group comes to our village, they are followed by policemen and Intelligence Bureau officials." The newspaper reported the villagers live in a constant wary because of policemen and intelligence officials' visits who often come in plain clothes.

</doc>
<doc id="20755930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755930" title="Prince Ernest Casimir of the Netherlands">
Prince Ernest Casimir of the Netherlands

Prince (William Alexander Frederick) Ernest Casimir of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange-Nassau (Dutch: "Willem Alexander Frederik Ernst Casimir, Prins der Nederlanden, Prins van Oranje-Nassau"; b. Soestdijk Palace, 21 May 1822 - d. Brussels, 22 October 1822) was the fourth son of the Prince of Orange, later King William II of the Netherlands and his wife Grand Duchess Anna Pavlovna of Russia.
He was baptised at 18 June 1822 in the Nieuwe Kerk in Amsterdam. Suffering from hydrocephalus, he died the same year. He was buried in the Protestant Church in Brussels, until his body was transferred to the Royal Crypt in the Nieuwe Kerk (English: New Church) in Delft in 1860. During the ceremony his mother Anna Paulowna, then 65-years old, was present.

</doc>
<doc id="20755954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755954" title="Pesti Napló">
Pesti Napló

Pesti Napló was a Hungarian newspaper published from March 1850 to October 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20755975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755975" title="Yu Shimasaki">
Yu Shimasaki


</doc>
<doc id="20755981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755981" title="Joseph Barsalou (physician)">
Joseph Barsalou (physician)

Joseph Barsalou (1600–1660) was a French apothecary and physician.
Biography.
Joseph Barsalou was born in Agen in the south west of France. He came from a family of apothecaries that was originally from Narbonne. Joseph Barsalou received no formal medical training. His father handed down his knowledge of herbs and minerals. It is through his friendship with the Scaliger family that Joseph Barsalou gained access to the library of Julius Caesar Scaliger and his son Joseph Justus Scaliger. Julius Caesar Scaliger was a physician, philosopher and commentator of Aristotle. His son Josephus Justus Scaliger was a scholar, linguist and historian. Joseph Barsalou built on his traditional knowledge of herbs with an introduction to medicine and philosophy reading Galen, Aristotle and Pythagoras.
Agen in the early 17th century was at the crossroads of the religious debate revolving around the new Protestant faith. The region favoured the Reformation. Nerac its neighbour and rival was the political and intellectual capital of French Protestants. The Edict of Nerac in 1579 had given the French Protestant 14 more protected towns and confirmed the Edict of Poitiers that recognised the religious rights of Protestants in France. Josephus Justus had been seduced by the Reformation and become one of its great scholars. Yet Joseph Barsalou's life took a different direction from his predecessor. Joseph Barsalou gravitated towards Avignon and Rome the centers of Roman Catholic Church.
As a physician Joseph Barsalou treated people in and around the town of Agen. With the many political and religious battles being fought nearby the region was rife with disease: tuberculosis, typhus, scurvy and other fevers. Many physicians actually died from being in contact with the patients they treated. Joseph Barsalou survived. Locally his reputation was built as much on treating others as surviving the contact with so many instances of disease. It testified to his skills as a physician.
Through his travels in the south of France he became acquainted with Philippe Jacques de Maussac, President of the Court of Montpellier. They remained close friends during their lives exchanging a number of letters. It is believed that it is Philippe Jacques de Maussac who introduced Joseph Barsalou to Antonio Barberini and the Italian leg of his journey.
In 1640 Joseph Barsalou was asked to treat Antonio Barberini, nephew of Pope Urban VIII and the Legate of Avignon who suffered from a fever on a visit to Avignon in the south of France. As Antonio Barberini's health was restored, he insisted on keeping Barsalou as his personal physician and took him to Paris and Rome.
During his time with Antonio Barberini, Barsalou was introduced to Charles Bouvard who had been physician of King Louis XIII of France and Superintendent of the Jardin du Roi in Paris the new medicinal garden of the king, now known as the Jardin des Plantes. Barsalou and Bouvard shared a common interest in medicine and herbal remedies. They exchanged ideas on recipes and treatments for a wide variety of conditions: tuberculosis, typhus, cholera and the plague.
Yet Joseph Barsalou's position in Rome was dependent on the power of the Barberini family. In 1644 he was called to assist Urban VIII on his death bed. With the enthronement of the new Pope Innocent X, and the subsequent disgrace of Barberinis for corruption and nepotism Barsalou lost favour and had to leave the papal city.
Between 1644 and 1649 Barsalou practiced in Florence, attending to the Grand Duke Ferdinando II de' Medici. At the time Florence was a hub of modern experimental knowledge. Ferdinando II was a patron of science and a student of Galileo himself, and founded the Academy of Experimentation in 1642 and attracts the brightest minds of the time. Scientists working there at the time include Evangelista Torricelli, Vincenzo Viviani and Giovanni Alfonso Borelli.
In 1650 he returned to Montpellier in France, where he took care of his lifelong friend Philippe Jacques de Maussac, who died that same year. Barsalou then went to Agen permanently and practiced in the region. He died in 1660.
His work.
Barsalou's practice he combined the traditional knowledge and methods of his forefathers that has been enhanced through trial and error over generations and is influenced by Alchemical practice. He knew of the classical Greek medical texts, applying Galen's principles such as bloodletting. Later, he was stimulated to rethink his approach through his contact with the Florentine scientists and their modern experimental practice.
During his years in Florence, Barsalou's ideas developed rapidly. He wrote to his friend Charles Bouvard about the experiments he carried out to create new elixirs. He tried to understand the healing properties of plants, minerals and metals. He perhaps found his inspiration in a broad range of ideas that circulate at the time, from the alchemical texts of Jabir to Fibonacci's work on numbers and Pythagorean principles amongst many others. In his letters he explained how he tried to understand the power of plants through numbers.
Despite this, Joseph Barsalou was not an alchemist: there is no reference in his letters to a quest for the philosopher's stone or the transmutation of metal into gold.
Apart from the letters to Charles Bouvard and de Maussac no compendium of his work survived him. A professional instinct for secrecy, maybe the fear of persecution from the Church or just the fact that many similar writings were perceived as alchemy and therefore often associated with charlatans, might have determined his decision not to write down the recipes of his elixirs, let alone publish his work.

</doc>
<doc id="20755985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755985" title="Kaushik Sen">
Kaushik Sen

Kaushik Sen or Koushik Sen () is Bengali film, television and theatre actor. He won the prestigious BFJA awards for best supporting actor for his performance in the Mrinal Sen directed film "Aamar Bhuvan".
Personal life.
Kaushik Sen was born on 7 August 1968. He is son of actress Chitra Sen and actor Shyamal Sen. He studied at the Julien Day School, and graduated from the historic Scottish Church College, both in Kolkata. 
Sen is married to Reshmi Sen and has a son Riddhi Sen.
Stage performance.
From 1992 he is director of Bengali theatre group Swapnasandhani. The group has staged more than 35 plays and they mainly perform on a regular basis in Sujata Sadan. Kaushik has acted with Soumitra Chatterjee in the play Tiktiki.
In 2010 Sen's group Swapnasandhani staged a play Birpurush which was inspired by Rabindranath Tagore's poem, but it was a political play and dealt with the contemporary context of West Bengal. The play stirred up some controversies.

</doc>
<doc id="20755991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20755991" title="Koya Shimizu">
Koya Shimizu


</doc>
<doc id="20756000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756000" title="Voce (disambiguation)">
Voce (disambiguation)

Voce is a defunct mobile phone company. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20756012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756012" title="Rayleigh wave">
Rayleigh wave

Rayleigh waves are a type of surface acoustic wave that travel on solids. They can be produced in materials in many ways, such as by a localized impact or by piezo-electric transduction, and are frequently used in non-destructive testing for detecting defects. They are part of the seismic waves that are produced on the Earth by earthquakes. When guided in layers they are referred to as Lamb waves, Rayleigh–Lamb waves, or generalized Rayleigh waves.
Characteristics.
Rayleigh waves are a type of surface wave that travel near the surface of solids. Rayleigh waves include both longitudinal and transverse motions that decrease exponentially in amplitude as distance from the surface increases. There is a phase difference between these component motions.
The existence of Rayleigh waves was predicted in 1885 by Lord Rayleigh, after whom they were named. In isotropic solids these waves cause the surface particles to move in ellipses in planes normal to the surface and parallel to the direction of propagation – the major axis of the ellipse is vertical. At the surface and at shallow depths this motion is "retrograde", that is the in-plane motion of a particle is counterclockwise when the wave travels from left to right. At greater depths the particle motion becomes "prograde". In addition, the motion amplitude decays and the eccentricity changes as the depth into the material increases. The depth of significant displacement in the solid is approximately equal to the acoustic wavelength. Rayleigh waves are distinct from other types of acoustic waves such as Love waves or Lamb waves, both being types of guided wave in a layer, or longitudinal and shear waves, that travel in the bulk.
Rayleigh waves have a speed slightly less than shear waves by a factor dependent on the elastic constants of the material. The typical speed is of the order of 2–5 km/s. Since Rayleigh waves are confined near the surface, their in-plane amplitude when generated by a point source decays only as formula_1, where formula_2 is the radial distance. Surface waves therefore decay more slowly with distance than do bulk waves, which spread out in three dimensions from a point source.
In seismology, Rayleigh waves (called "ground roll") are the most important type of surface wave, and can be produced, for example, by ocean waves, by explosions or by a sledgehammer impact.
Rayleigh wave dispersion.
The elastic constant often changes with depth, due to the properties of the material. This means the velocity of a Rayleigh wave is dependent on the wavelength (and therefore frequency), a phenomenon referred to as dispersion. Waves affected by dispersion have a different wave train shape. Rayleigh waves on ideal, homogeneous and flat elastic solids show no dispersion. However, if a solid or structure has a density or sound velocity that varies with depth, Rayleigh waves become dispersive. One example is Rayleigh waves on the Earth's surface: those waves with a higher frequency travel more slowly than those with a lower frequency. This occurs because a Rayleigh wave of lower frequency has a relatively long wavelength. The displacement of long wavelength waves penetrates more deeply into the Earth than short wavelength waves. Since the speed of waves in the Earth increases with increasing depth, the longer wavelength (low frequency) waves can travel faster than the shorter wavelength (high frequency) waves. Rayleigh waves thus often appear spread out on seismograms recorded at distant earthquake recording stations. It is also possible to observe Rayleigh wave dispersion in thin films or multi-layered structures.
Rayleigh waves in non-destructive testing.
Rayleigh waves are widely used for materials characterization, to discover the mechanical and structural properties of the object being testing – like the presence of cracking, and the related shear modulus. This is in common with other types of surface waves. The Rayleigh waves used for this purpose are in the ultrasonic frequency range.
They are used at different length scales because they are easily generated and detected on the free surface of solid objects. Since they are confined in the vicinity of the free surface within a depth (~ the wavelength) linked to the frequency of the wave, different frequencies can be used for characterization at different length scales.
Rayleigh waves in geophysics.
Rayleigh waves from earthquakes.
Since Rayleigh waves are surface waves, the amplitude of such waves generated by an earthquake generally decreases exponentially with the depth of the hypocenter (focus). However, large earthquakes may generate Rayleigh waves that travel around the Earth several times before dissipating.
In seismology longitudinal and shear waves are known as P-waves and S-waves, respectively, and are termed body waves. Rayleigh waves are generated by the interaction of P- and S- waves at the surface of the earth, and travel with a velocity that is lower than the P-, S-, and Love wave velocities. Rayleigh waves emanating outward from the epicenter of an earthquake travel along the surface of the earth at about 10 times the speed of sound (0.340 km/s), in air, that is ~3 km/s.
Due to their higher speed, the P- and S-waves generated by an earthquake arrive before the surface waves. However, the particle motion of surface waves is larger than that of body waves, so the surface waves tend to cause more damage. In the case of Rayleigh waves, the motion is of a rolling nature, similar to an ocean surface wave. The intensity of Rayleigh wave shaking at a particular location is dependent on several factors:
Local geologic structure can serve to focus or defocus Rayleigh waves, leading to significant differences in shaking over short distances.
Rayleigh waves in seismology.
Low frequency Rayleigh waves generated during earthquakes are used in seismology to characterise the Earth's interior.
In intermediate ranges, Rayleigh waves are used in geophysics and geotechnical engineering for the characterisation of oil deposits. These applications are based on the geometric dispersion of Rayleigh waves and on the solution of an inverse problem on the basis of seismic data collected on the ground surface using active sources (falling weights, hammers or small explosions, for example) or by recording microtremors.
Rayleigh ground waves are important also for environmental noise and vibration control since they make a major contribution to traffic-induced ground vibrations and the associated structure-borne noise in buildings.
Other manifestations.
Animals.
Low frequency (< 20 Hz) Rayleigh waves are inaudible, yet they can be detected by many mammals, birds, insects and spiders. Human beings should be able to detect such Rayleigh waves through their Pacinian corpuscles, which are in the joints, although people do not seem to consciously respond to the signals. Some animals seem to use Rayleigh waves to communicate. In particular, some biologists theorize that elephants may use vocalizations to generate Rayleigh waves. Since Rayleigh waves decay slowly, they should be detectable over long distances. Note that these Rayleigh waves have a much higher frequency than Rayleigh waves generated by earthquakes.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake, some people have speculated that Rayleigh waves served as a warning to animals to seek higher ground, allowing them to escape the more slowly traveling tsunami. At this time, evidence for this is mostly anecdotal. Other animal early warning systems may rely on an ability to sense infrasonic waves traveling through the air.

</doc>
<doc id="20756016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756016" title="Toyoki Hasegawa">
Toyoki Hasegawa

Hasegawa previously played for Sagan Tosu in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20756021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756021" title="Clondalkin RFC">
Clondalkin RFC

Clondalkin RFC is an Irish rugby team based in County Dublin. They play in Division One A of the Leinster League. The club colours are amber, dark blue and light blue. 
Celebrating 40TH Season, 2013-14, new members always welcome. 
Winners 2013 Lalor Cup
Winners 2012 Speirs Cup
Winners 2012 Osbourne Cup
Winners 2012 Fox Cup
Winners 2011 Speirs Cup
Winners 2010 Speirs Cup
Winners of 2010 Towns Plate 
Winners of 2010 Lalor Cup 
Winners 2009 Scully Cup
Winners Spencer Cup 2006
2006 Leinster U 18 Champions
2005 lenster U16 Champions
5 Senior Teams, 4 men's and 1 Women's
Under 6s,8s,10s,11s,13,15 17 and 19s.
References.
Winners of 2010 Towns Plate
Winners of 2010 Lalor Cup
Winners 0f 2010. 2011 and 2012 Spiers Cup

</doc>
<doc id="20756027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756027" title="Italian Serenade (Wolf)">
Italian Serenade (Wolf)

The Italian Serenade is a piece of music written by Hugo Wolf in 1887. It was originally written for string quartet and named simply "Serenade in G major". By April 1890, he was referring to it in his letters as "Italian Serenade". In 1892, he arranged it for string orchestra. It is one of his few works other than Lieder.
The work was written between 2 and 4 May 1887. One of its inspirations was his concurrent work on setting various poems by Joseph Eichendorff to music, and the first of them "Der Soldat I" has a theme that is similar to that of the "Serenade". That poem's subject is similar to that of Eichendorff's novella "Aus dem Leben eines Taugenichts" ("From the Life of a Ne'er-Do-Well"), and it may be that Wolf was as much influenced by this work as he was by the poem. The novella includes a section about an Italian serenade played by a small orchestra. The hero of the novella is a young violinist who leaves home to seek his fortune further afield, and this could well have been something that Wolf could relate to.
It was originally planned as part of a work in three movements. However, Wolf later abandoned this plan in favor of a self-contained, one-movement work. His father died only a week after he wrote the "Italian Serenade", and he wrote no more music for the remainder of 1887. 
When Wolf orchestrated the work in 1892, he was intending it as the first movement of a four-movement suite. He did sketch a slow movement in G minor, but never finished it. In his letters, he mentions another movement that he claimed to have completed, but that score has never come to light, only 45 measures of sketches being extant. In 1897, he sketched a few pages of a Tarantella to complete the suite, but he was committed to an insane asylum before he could finish it. In summary, all that remains of the projected suite is the "Italian Serenade". Throughout his time in the asylum, where he remained for the rest of his life, he planned to complete the suite, but this never eventuated. Wolf died in February 1903.
The "Italian Serenade" is quite short, taking only about 7 minutes, and has a lilting and varied theme, played over a pizzicato figure. The main theme is said to have been based on an old Italian melody played on an obsolete form of oboe called the piffero. Its lively and optimistic manner is an evocation of the Italianate spirit, realised through melodic richness. Robert W. Gutman has written that "The essence of the delicious "Italian Serenade" is its antithesis of romantic sentiment and mocking wit".
Its first performance was in Vienna in January 1904, eleven months after Wolf's death. Both the original string quartet version and the orchestral version were played at the premiere.
The "Italian Serenade" has been recorded many times; it is a favourite encore piece for string quartets, and it has been arranged by other hands for combinations of instruments such as a wind quintet and solo viola and orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20756028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756028" title="Sho Shimoji">
Sho Shimoji

Club career stats.
As of 12 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20756040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756040" title="Research Center For DNA Diagnostics">
Research Center For DNA Diagnostics

The Research Centre for DNA Diagnostics (RCDD), Karnatak University, Dharwad, Karnataka, India, the foundation stone laid by Medical Education Minister V.S. Acharya, is being set up with the assistance of Rs. 3 crore sanctioned by the Department of Medical Education.
Objectives.
The primary objective of the centre is to identify hereditary disorders prevalent in north Karnataka and to conduct advanced research.
According to Pramod B. Gai, professor and coordinator, Department of Applied Genetics and Principal Investigator of the centre, studies have revealed the high frequency of consanguineous marriages especially uncle-niece and first cousin marriages south India.
“Marriages between close relatives are high in rural north Karnataka. This increases the frequency of homozygosity of harmful recessive genes in the population and in turn, increases the co-efficiency of inbreeding. As a result compared to other areas, there is a high frequency of hereditary disorders in the region,” he said.
The research conducted at the centre would be at four levels — Single Gene Disorders (for example, Sickle Cell Anaemia, Thallassemia, Haemophilia), Chromosomal Disorders (Down’s Syndrome, Turner’s Syndrome, Klinefelter Syndrome), Biochemical Disorders (Phenyl Ketone Urea, Galactosemia, Alkaptonurea) and Multifactorial/Polygenic Disorders (Diabetes, Cardio Vascular diseases and various types of Cancer).
According to the initial plan, the tests would be conducted on samples taken from patients who approach Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) Hospital, Hubli, for treatment. During the next stage, the facility would be extended to other government and private medical colleges in north Karnataka. 
The facilities would be extended to other parts of the State in phases. B. Vijay Chandra, Head, Department of Anatomy, KIMS, T.A. Shepur, Head, Department of Paediatrics, KIMS, M.L. Kulkarni, Head, Department of Paediatrics, JJM Medical College, Davangere, and K. Thangaraj, Senior Scientist, Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, will be assisting in setting up the centre.
Counselling centres.
As part of the project, genetic counselling centres would be established at KIMS and also at RCDD, through which it had been planned to counsel patients.
At a later stage, RCDD also plans to train medical professionals and other doctors at the grassroots not only in the diagnosis of such hereditary diseases but also in the role of human genetics in medical practice.

</doc>
<doc id="20756044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756044" title="Tomáš Duba">
Tomáš Duba

Tomáš Duba (born July 2, 1981, in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for Krefeld Pinguine in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Whilst with HC Sparta Praha as a youth, Duba was drafted in the seventh round of the NHL, 217th overall, by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
After playing with Ässät of the Finnish SM-liiga, Duba returned on May 1, 2009, back to his native Czech Republic and signed with HC Oceláři Třinec.
On January 20, 2013, Duba left Bolzano HC and signed for the remainder of the 2012–13 season, with Krefeld Pinguine of the German DEL.
International play.
Duba appeared for the Czech national junior team (Under 20) in the 2000 Junior World Championships and 2001 Junior World Championships in Sweden and Moscow respectively. In 2001 Championships he won an award for the best goalie, while playing for SaiPa in Finland's SM-liiga. After this date, he has played for the Czech national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20756045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756045" title="Desh">
Desh

Desh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20756052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756052" title="Yusuke Yada">
Yusuke Yada


</doc>
<doc id="20756055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756055" title="Sierra Vicuña Mackenna">
Sierra Vicuña Mackenna

The Cordillera Vicuña Mackenna is the highest section of the Chilean Coast Range located in northern Chile, west of Pampa del Tamarugal. Its peak reaches over 3000 meters. It runs north-south for approximately 170 km parallel to the Andes. The driest parts of Atacama Desert are located east of the range due to the rain shadow produced by it.
The range is named after historian Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna.

</doc>
<doc id="20756064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756064" title="List of shoe throwing incidents">
List of shoe throwing incidents

Shoe-throwing, or shoeing, showing the sole of one's shoe or using shoes to insult are forms of protest in many parts of the world.
Incidents where shoes were thrown at political figures have taken place in Australia, India, Ireland, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Pakistan, the United Kingdom and most notably, the Arab world.
Posters of George W. Bush's face have long appeared through the Middle East with shoes attached to them, and some people have called former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice "Kundara", meaning "shoe". Shoeing received attention after Muntadhar al-Zaidi threw his shoes at then U.S. President George Bush in a 14 December 2008, press conference in Baghdad, Iraq. Since the al-Zaidi incident, copycat incidents in Europe, North America, India, China, Hong Kong, Iran, Turkey and Australia have been reported.
Context.
Shoes are considered unclean in the Arab World. Matthew Cassel of "The Electronic Intifada" in the context of the "Bush shoeing" incident has expressed the opinion that the Western media overplayed the phenomenon as being "Arab" in particular.
Notable incidents.
On 17 December 2008, Queens resident and Amtrak employee Stephen Millies, a protestor at a meeting of the Metropolitan Transit Authority of New York City (MTA), tried to throw his shoe at the CEO of the MTA with the statement, "This shoe is for you!" Millies managed to shake off his left shoe before being stopped and detained by MTA Police.
On 20 December 2008, protesters in Montreal and Toronto threw shoes at posters of George Bush in front of their respective U.S. consulates to support Muntadhar al-Zaidi, to demand his immediate release, and to celebrate his gesture. The shoe tosses took place in −24 °C weather during protests against the U.S. military occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan, and against Canada's involvement in the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan. At the shoe toss event in Toronto, Ahmed Habib, a refugee from Baghdad, said "We don't think of Muntadhar al-Zaidi as a criminal but, in fact, we think of him as a hero. The only war criminal is George Bush and his buddy Stephen Harper, so shame on the both of them."
On 20 December 2008, Ukrainian reporter Ihor Dmitriv pelted a Ukrainian politician with a shoe when he became angered by the politician's sexist remarks. Speaking in NATO accession, Oleh Soskin, said NATO membership was more favored by the Ukrainian women as they were "the more intelligent" part of the body politic. Dmitriv said his attack was motivated by the Ukrainian leadership's "craziness" and said "a shoe is going to become a leading means (for common people) to influence their leaders."
The anti-war group Code Pink pelted shoes at an effigy of U.S. president George W. Bush outside the White House on 17 December 2008. Protesters presented their shoes at U.S. Embassies around the world to show their support for al-Zaidi.
On 12 January 2009, Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva made fun of the incident and "threatened" to throw his shoes at reporters when visiting Couromoda 2009, a shoes event held in São Paulo.
On 20 January 2009 protesters in the United States shoed an inflatable replica of George W. Bush in replication of al-Zaidi's shoe-throwing incident.
On 2 February 2009, a German protester threw his shoe at Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao as he gave a speech at Cambridge University. The shoe landed on stage a few feet from the premier and the protester was quickly hustled away by security guards.
On 5 February 2009, Israeli Ambassador to Sweden Benny Dagan was hit by a protester's shoe while speaking about the 2009 Gaza War, the shoe throwers reportedly chanted "murderer!" and "intifada!".
On 17 March 2009, Canadian protesters in Calgary used shoes as props during their demonstrations, even going so far as to create a "shoe cannon".
The incident has also inspired several online shoe-throwing games, and on the "Late Show with David Letterman", the "Great Moments in Presidential Speeches" segment included flying shoes aimed at other presidents (via digitally-altered stock footage).
On 7 April 2009, Union Home Minister of India P. Chidambaram was shoed by Jarnail Singh, a Sikh journalist during a press conference in Delhi. Singh, who works at the Hindi daily "Dainik Jagaran" was dissatisfied with Chidamabaram's answer to a question on the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) clean chit to Congress leader Jagdish Tytler on the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
On 16 April 2009, Indian Leader of Opposition and Prime Ministerial candidate of National Democratic Alliance, L K Advani was shoed by his own party member, Pawas Agarwal, a former district vice-president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Katni Town in Madhya Pradesh.
On 8 October 2009, a shoe was hurled at Clifford D. May by a student named Muhammad Hussain who is also the class representative of his class at Karachi University I.R. Dept. Pakistan.
On 23 October 2009, supporters of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threw their shoes at opposition leader Mehdi Karroubi as he visited Tehran during the 2009 Iranian election protests. A fight broke out between supporters of Ahmadinejad and Karroubi and one of the Ahmadinejad supporters threw a shoe at him, which hit him in the face and resulted in his turban falling off.
In December 2009, al-Zaidi was himself ironically shoed by another Iraqi journalist in Paris, who accused him of "working for dictatorship in Iraq". The incident occurred while al-Zaidi was speaking about his experiences during the Bush shoeing and its aftermath.
In February 2010, a 26-year old Kurd with Syrian citizenship tried to shoe Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Sevilla, the shoes however missed Erdogan. While throwing the shoes the man called "long live free Kurdistan".
On 7 August 2010, Shamim Khan Threw a shoe at the President Of Pakistan in his address to Pakistani community in Birmingham UK. Shamim Khan said that he threw the shoe at him because Pakistan is fighting with the worst flood and its aftermath in 80 Years and He (Mr. Zardari) being president of Pakistan has been enjoying a trip in Europe since last week. Mr Shamim Khan is being treated as National Hero in Pakistan due to ongoing hatred against Zardari in Pakistan.
The NBC series "Kings" imitated the shoe throwing incident in the episode "The New King (Part 2)."
On 6 June 2011, an attempt was made by a journalist identified as Sunil Kumar, a scribe from Nav Sanchar Patrika of Rajasthan to hurl a shoe at Indian National Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi after apparently upset with the way Congress handled using tear gas at peaceful demonstrations in Delhi on the night of 4 June 2011 against corruption.
2008.
At George W. Bush.
On 14 December 2008, during a press conference at the Prime Minister's Palace in Baghdad, Iraq, journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. "This is a farewell kiss from the Iraqi people, you dog!", yelled al-Zaidi in Arabic as he threw his first shoe towards the U.S. president. "This is for the widows and orphans and all those killed in Iraq", he shouted as he threw his second shoe. President Bush ducked twice, avoiding being hit by the shoes. Al-Zaidi was then pulled to the floor by another journalist, before being grabbed by Prime Minister Maliki's guards, kicked, and rushed out of the room. White House spokeswoman Dana Perino was hit in the face by a microphone boom sent flying by a presidential bodyguard resulting in a clearly visible black eye.
Some Iraqi reporters present at the scene offered apologies to President Bush. "Thanks for apologizing on behalf of the Iraqi people. It doesn't bother me", Bush joked: "If you want the facts, it's a size 10 shoe that he threw." When asked about the incident by another reporter, Bush said "It's a way for people to draw attention. I don't know what the guy's cause was. I didn't feel the least bit threatened by it." When later asked to reflect on the incident, Bush said "I didn't have much time to reflect on anything, I was ducking and dodging." "I'm not angry with the system. I believe that a free society is emerging, and a free society is necessary for our own security and peace", he added. "I don't think that you can take one guy throwing his shoe as representative of the people of Iraq", argued White House Press Secretary Dana Perino.
The Turkish company that made the shoes thrown at Bush, Ramazan Baydan, experienced a surge in sales. Orders for 300,000 pairs were received in just 1 week.
On 1 December 2009, Muntadhar al-Zaidi, who first shoed Bush, got shoed himself in Paris by an exiled Iraqi journalist . Zaidi later said "He stole my technique."
At Arbab Ghulam Rahim.
On 7 April 2008, Arbab Ghulam Rahim former Chief Minister of Sindh, Pakistan was leaving the Sindh assembly building from back door after taking oath as newly elected member, was hit by shoe on his face by Agha Javed Pathan, a worker from Pakistan Peoples Party
2009.
At Wen Jiabao.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao was in London on 2 February 2009 speaking with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown about economic cooperation and trade relations between China and the United Kingdom. That day Wen was scheduled to give the Rede Lecture at the University of Cambridge entitled, "See China in the Light of Her Development". As Wen came to the end of his lecture, a man, later identified as a 27-year-old German national Martin Jahnke, stood from the audience, blew a whistle and shouted, "How can the university prostitute itself with this dictator here? How can you listen to these lies he's telling?" Jahnke then threw his shoe at Wen, although the shoe landed a few feet away. Fellow members of the audience shouted at Jahnke, "Shame on you", as he was escorted out of the auditorium.
Jahnke was promptly removed from the lecture by university proctors and then arrested by police on suspicion of breach of the peace and attempted assault. After the shoe was thrown, Premier Wen commented, "this despicable behaviour cannot stand in the way of friendship between China and the UK." University Vice-Chancellor Alison Richard commented, "I deeply regret that a single member of the audience this afternoon failed to show the respect for our speaker that is customary at Cambridge. This university is a place for considered argument and debate, not for shoe-throwing."
Premier Wen urged leniency for the German student. "Education is best for a young student, and I hope he will have the opportunity to continue his education. The return of a prodigal is worth more than gold", said the message from Wen, posted on the Foreign Ministry website.
A district judge later concluded there was insufficient evidence to prove that Jahnke's behavior had caused harassment, alarm or distress to the Chinese leader or anyone else in the lecture theater. Human rights campaigners cheered him as he left Cambridge Magistrates' Court.
"I didn't want to hit the premier personally. I thought just placing the shoe on the stage would be universally understood. What it was meant to be was a symbolic protest. I didn't intend to hurt people."
During his trial Jahnke's lawyers alleged that his prosecution was being pushed forward under pressure from the Chinese government, and that there had been political interference in the trial, though this accusation was dismissed by the trial judge due to lack of evidence.
At Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
On 6 March 2009, independent Iranian news sites reported that during a trip to the city of Urmia, someone threw a shoe at the motorcade of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. People had become angry after the president's convoy hit an elderly man but did not stop. A shoe had previously been thrown at Ahmadinejad at Amir Kabir University in 2006.
At Dominique Strauss-Kahn.
A student threw a shoe at the director of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, as he addressed a university in Istanbul, Turkey, on 1 October 2009. The shoe did not hit Strauss-Khan but landed on the stage. The student, Selçuk Özbek, from the left-wing newspaper BirGün, was taken away by security as he shouted "IMF get out!". A female protestor was also escorted from the hall, while others shouted "Go away IMF, you're stealing money."
At executives of Fortis.
In April 2009 some shareholders in Fortis bank threw their shoes at executives in opposition to the decision to sell part of the bank to BNP Paribas.
At Clifford D. May.
In October 2009, a shoe was hurled at Clifford D. May by a student named Muhammad Hussain who is also the class representative of his class at Karachi University I.R. Dept. Pakistan. There were rumors that Muhammad Hussain has committed suicide on Saturday 10 September 2011 by jumping from fifth floor of his apartment.
At Gordana Čomić.
November 2009, a shoe was hurled at Gordana Čomić, Vice-President of the National Assembly of Serbia by a Serbian Radical Party MP Gordana Pop-Lazić.
Election-related shoeings in India.
The sensation surrounding the shoeing of George W. Bush seems to have inspired a number of copycat incidents in India, where a general election was held from 16 April to 13 May 2009. Several Indian politicians of note were targeted during the very heated election season, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
At P. Chidambaram.
India's Home Minister P. Chidambaram was shoed on 7 April 2009 by Jarnail Singh, a Sikh journalist who works at the Hindi daily Dainik Jagaran. Chidamabaram was asked a question by Jarnail Singh on the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) clean chit to Congress leader Jagdish Tytler on the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. He said that CBI was not under the home ministry, and no ministry of the government had put any pressure on the CBI. He said that "It is for the court to accept or reject or ask for further investigation by CBI. Let us wait for the court decision". When Jarnail Singh persisted with his questions, Chidambaram told him "no arguments, you are using this forum...". Following this the journalist lobbed his shoe saying 'I protest'. Thrown underhand with little force, the shoe narrowly missed hitting Chidambaram. (there is a view that it was never intended to hurt him anyways) The action caused a flutter in the hall.
Chidambaram responded to the situation in a composed manner and said that the journalist should be "removed" from the press conference hall gently. Chidambaram appealed to the reporters, "let not the action of one emotional person hijack the entire press conference. I have answered his questions to the best of my ability."
After the incident, Jarnail Singh said that he was sorry for the method of protest he adopted, but issue is right. He added that he felt upset that the government had not done justice in the anti-Sikh riots. Singh also appealed to journalists and others not to repeat his actions. Asked if he could have used some other manner to protest..."For the last 25 years this has been happening. So what other method is left (to protest)", Jarnail Singh said.
Jarnail Singh was let off without any charges on the insistence of Chidambaram. The whole incident set off a major media feeding frenzy with 24x7 TV coverage and snowballed into a major election issue which embarrassed Congress politically. The police said that no complaint was lodged with them, and Chidambaram said that the journalist should be forgiven. A few Sikh bodies came out in Singh's support and even offered rewards. The shoe throwing incident also sparked off widespread protests by Sikhs against the CBI which had given a clean chit to Tytler.
After the shoe throwing incident, Congress calculated politically that all the media controversy created could make it lose many seats especially in Punjab. Fearing further controversy, Congress dropped both Tytler and Sajjan Kumar as congress candidates from Lok Sabha 2009 elections.
At Manmohan Singh.
During an election rally, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh came under a shoe attack in Ahmedabad on 26 April 2009. A 28-year-old man made an attempt to throw a shoe at the Prime Minister while he was addressing the rally. The shoe landed a few meters away from Dr Singh. Soon after the incident took place, the young shoe thrower was taken away by the police. Dr Singh asked the police not to file any charges. The incident was condemned by the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party and was called an "unestablished way of protesting against democracy."
At B. S. Yeddyurappa.
On 28 April 2009, a chappal was hurled at Karnataka Chief Minister B. S. Yeddyurappa at a Bharatiya Janata Party rally for the ongoing elections in the town of Channarayapatna, Hassan district. The slipper landed far from the dais, but the man who tossed it was arrested and charged with assault. The Karnataka State Police report that the man who threw the slipper, a vagabond named Chandrashekar, appeared to be drunk at the time.
At Naveen Jindal.
In April 2009, a schoolteacher hurled a slipper at Indian National Congress Lok Sabha candidate Naveen Jindal.
At Lal Krishna Advani.
In April 2009, BJP worker Pavas Agrawal hurled a slipper at BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani. Agrawal was arrested for interrogation.
2010.
At Hayley Williams.
During a Paramore concert at The O2 in Dublin, Ireland, someone threw a shoe at Paramore's lead singer Hayley Williams.
At Omar al-Bashir.
During a public meeting, a man threw a shoe at Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir in the Friendship Hall in Khartoum, which missed. The man was later detained by security forces, while the President's office denied the incident took place and said the man was arrested as he attempted to pass a letter to al-Bashir. Witnesses described the man, whose reasons for throwing the shoe were unclear, as calm as he was detained.
At Dorit Beinisch.
During a hearing on medical marijuana on 27 January 2010, 52-year-old Pinchas Cohen hurled his sneaker at President of the Supreme Court of Israel Dorit Beinisch. The shoe struck Justice Beinisch between the eyes, breaking her glasses and knocking her off her chair. Cohen, disgruntled over a family court decision four years prior, was arrested for the act. He later apologized to Justice Beinisch.
At Henry Tang.
On 6 March 2010 Henry Tang, Chief Secretary for Administration in Hong Kong, attended a youth summit in Chai Wan organized by the Home Affairs Bureau. A 31 year old jobless man threw a shoe at Tang and it landed on the stage meters away from him. The man was dragged away by police. The man was unemployed after getting fired by a computer company, and the government policies were not helping him. He said he was not a "post-80s" teen, but supported the highspeed rail protest connecting HK to Guangdong. Before the summit, about 30 people from several youth groups gathered outside the building to wave banners and said the forum was a fake consultation and that young people's opinions were neglected. As soon as Tang left the building, protesters tried to block his passage and demanded to speak to him. One protester laid on the road in front of Tang's car, and had to be forcibly removed by the police. A protester said that the topics discussed in the summit are not those that any young person would be interested in.
At Asif Ali Zardari.
On 7 August 2010 Pakistan's president Asif Ali Zardari was targeted by a man (Sardar Shamim Khan) who hurled a pair of shoes at him during his visit to Birmingham, England. The 50-year-old man was wrestled down by security guards after he threw two shoes and shouted ‘killer’ as Zardari spoke during a political rally at the International Convention Centre in the city.
The shoes did not hit the president, who did not respond to the attack. The man who targeted Zardari was believed to be a Pakistani national from Derby who was sitting in the front row at the rally. He was dressed in a traditional Shalwar kameez. Following the incident he was led away by police, questioned and later released without charge.
At Omar Abdullah.
On 15 August 2010 a police officer hurled his brown leather shoe at Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah. The chief minister was about to address a gathering organised on India's 64th Independence Day. The officer, identified as assistant sub-inspector of police, Abdul Ahad Jan later waived black flag shouting pro-freedom slogans against the Indian rule in the disputed territory. Abdullah's security men deported the officer out of the function venue.
At Tony Blair.
On 4 September 2010, former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair had one egg and shoes thrown at him at a signing for his book, "A Journey", outside Eason's in Dublin.
At George Papandreou.
On 11 September 2010, a shoe was tossed against Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou, while he was inaugurating the Thessaloniki International Trade Fair. Stergios Prapavesis, a 50-year old radiologist and militant of the Patriotic Front (PAM), tossed the shoe shouting "You are not a patriot, you are a traitor", referring to the decision of the Greek government under Papandreou to accept IMF, ECB and EU austerity measures. The shoe missed him for inches while Prapavesis, along with his 15-year-old daughter and farmer Stavros Vitalis, who was with the pair at the time, was apprehended. On its website, the group "calls upon the Greek people to express their displeasure by throwing their old shoes along the Prime Minister's journey from the airport to the Thessaloniki International Fair." Prapavesis described the shoe-throwing incident as "a political act against the government's austerity policies" and warned that "many more will follow."
At John Howard.
On 4 November 2009, John Howard, the former Prime Minister of Australia, was delivering a speech about leadership in the new century at Cambridge University when an Australian student called him a racist before taking off his boot and throwing it in his direction.
On 25 October 2010, two shoes were thrown at Howard by an audience member, Peter Gray, live on the ABC Television program "Q&A" while he was defending his decision to commit Australian troops to the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Gray, 30, died of bowel cancer on 30 April 2011.
2011.
At Pervez Musharraf.
On 6 February 2011, a young boy (khurram shahzad) hurled shoe at Pervez Musharraf, the former Military Ruler, Dictator, and President of Pakistan while he was addressing Pakistani origin gathering at Walthamstow, a district of London in Britain. The anonymous man threw shoe to protest against Pakistani citizens detention by USA.
At Hosni Mubarak.
During the 2011 Egyptian revolution, Hosni Mubarak announced on 10 February that he would not be stepping down from his position as President of Egypt. Crowds gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square waved their shoes in protest.
At Saif al-Islam Gaddafi.
When Saif al-Islam Gaddafi (son of Muammar Gaddafi) appeared on Libyan state television on 20 February 2011 protesters threw their shoes at the projection of the broadcast.
At Suresh Kalmadi.
On 26 April 2011, while arrested former chairman of the 2010 Commonwealth Games Organising Committee Suresh Kalmadi was being led into the court premises, an attacker identified as one Kapil Thakur from Madhya Pradesh rushed up to him and hurled a slipper. The footwear, however, missed its mark. Ironically, Mr Kalmadi had started his political career in the late 1970s by throwing slippers on Prime Minister Morarji Desai's car in Pune.
At Fang Binxing.
On 19 May 2011, Fang Binxing, the Principal of Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications (also known as "Father of China's Great Fire Wall".) was hit on the chest by a shoe thrown at him by a Huazhong University of Science and Technology student who calls herself "hanunyi" (Chinese:寒君依, or 小湖北) while Fang was giving a lecture at Wuhan University. According to RFI, the student discussed the planned shoe attack on Twitter, and with the help of other bloggers, was able to locate the exact whereabouts and the time of Fang's lecture. After the shoeing, "Hanunyi" was able to walk out while other students were trying to obstruct school teachers who were going to detain her. "Hanunyi" had since become an instant internet hero of the Chinese blogosphere, with bloggers offering her a large number of presents, such as cash, airline tickets, buffet dinners at Hong Kong five-star hotels, tours of various sex parlors, sight-seeing tours, a virtual private network, iPad2, admission ticket to Hong Kong Disneyland, escorted tour of Singapore, free hotel rooms, free sex with admiring female bloggers, free shoes and designer clothes. An anonymous blogger even promised her a position in his company if ever "Hanunyi" is in trouble with the authorities.
During an interview with CNN, "hanunyi" said:"I'm not happy about what he(Fang) does. His work made me spend unnecessary money to get access to the website that is supposed to be free...He makes my online surfing very inconvenient."
At Janardan Dwivedi.
On 6 June 2011, Congress spokesperson Janardhan Dwivedi was targeted at a press conference by a man who tried to throw a shoe at him. It was reaction after Delhi Police ordered dismantle act against Yoga Teacher Baba Ramdev's Protest against Corruption. The attacker, Sunil Kumar, posed himself as a journalist working with Nav Sanchar Patrika of Rajasthan.
At Arvind Kejriwal.
On 18 October 2011, RTI activist, member of India Against Corruption and leader of Aam Aadmi Party Arvind Kejriwal was targeted in Lucknow, India when one Jitendra Pathak tried to hurl a shoe at him, but it missed. It was just a week after another member of IAC and senior Supreme Court of India Lawyer Prashant Bhushan was assaulted by some people in his chamber at Supreme Court.
At Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
On 12 December 2011, 45-year-old textile worker identified as S. Rashid, hurled his shoes at Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in protest for not having received unemployment benefits. However, he missed, instead striking a banner behind the president. He was once jailed before for throwing eggs and tomatoes at former president Mohammad Khatami.
2012.
German President Christian Wulff.
In January 2012, numerous German protesters in a 450 people strong group, unhappy with President Christian Wulff's behaviour in a private loan scandal, waved the soles of their shoes at his official residence in mimicry of the Arabian-style show of disrespect, calling for him to resign.
Indian National Congress General Secretary Rahul Gandhi.
On 23 January 2012, A shoe was thrown at Congress General Secretary and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi during an election rally in Dehradun, India. One person was detained for throwing the shoe. "If some people think that throwing a shoe will deter me and force me to run away, then they are mistaken. Rahul Gandhi will not run away," he said.
Anders Behring Breivik.
On 11 May 2012 in Oslo, Norway, an Iraqi man threw a shoe at Anders Behring Breivik during Breivik's trial for mass murder. The man shouted in English "You killed my brother! Go to hell!". The man throwing the shoe was the brother of one of Breivik's victims on Utøya. The shoe did not hit Breivik, but hit instead Vibeke Hein Bæra, one of Breivik's lawyers. Some onlookers cheered and applauded the shoe-throwing. The trial was temporarily suspended following the incident.
At Ma Ying-jeou.
On 10 December 2012 in Xindian, New Taipei, Taiwan, some protesters threw various items, including a shoe, toward President Ma Ying-jeou during an activity related to Human Rights Day, but he was not hit by the shoe.
2013.
At Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
On 6 Feb 2013 in Cairo, Egypt, an Egyptian man threw a shoe at Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, but missed.
At Paul Bremer.
An Iraqi man threw shoes at the former US diplomat Paul Bremer who served as civil governor of Iraq following the 2003 US invasion of the country. The incident happened at a meeting in the British Parliament.
At Harry Styles.
A shoe was thrown at Harry Styles of One Direction during the Glasgow leg of their Take Me Home Tour on 26 February 2013. The shoe hit him in the groin and the singer was seen bending over in pain before falling to the ground.
At Pervez Musharraf.
Tajammul Lodhi, a Karachi lawyer, on March 29, 2013, threw his shoe at Pervez Musharraf while he was leaving Sindh High Court after getting extension of his pre-arrest bail in a series of cases. Lodhi, later told in an interview that he had thrown the shoe as he hated Musharraf for trying to destroy democracy in the country. It was the second incident when Musharraf was hit by a shoe, and this time shoe hit him on the nose, before it fell on the ground. Previously, he was thrown a shoe at a Public gathering in London by a young boy Khurram Shahzad on February 6, 2011.
At Liu Cheng-hung.
On September 18, 2013, a shoe was thrown at Liu Cheng-hung, Magistrate of Miaoli County, Taiwan, when he attempted to offer his condolences to the family of a man found dead in a water channel under a bridge at Dapu, Zhunan, Miaoli County. Supporters and relatives of the drowned man blamed Liu responsible for the man's death because the man's pharmacy was one of several structures destroyed by the Miaoli government earlier that July to make way for the construction of a new campus at the Hsinchu Science Park. The shoe, which is previously owned by protester Chen Wei-Ting, hit directly on Liu's head.
At Ma Ying-jeou.
Starting in late 2013, Republic of China (Taiwan) President Ma Ying-jeou had shoes thrown at him during many of his appearances in public. This has become such a problem that various police departments in Taiwan spent NT$482,890 (US$16,000) to purchase 149 anti-shoeing nets.
On 8 September 2013 in Taipei, Taiwan, some protesters gathered in front of the Office of the President and threw shoes toward President Ma Ying-jeou, but he was not hit by these shoes.
On 26 September 2013 in Yunlin County, Taiwan, some protesters threw shoes, toward President Ma Ying-jeou during an activity related to Student Forum in National Yunlin University of Science and Technology, but he was not hit by these shoes.
On 29 September 2013 in Taipei city, Taiwan, some protesters gathered in front of Office of the President and threw shoes, toward President Ma Ying-jeou, but he was not hit by these shoes.
On 10 October 2013 in Taipei city, Taiwan, some protesters gathered in front of Office of the President and threw shoes, toward President Ma Ying-jeou during an activity related to Taiwan National Day, but he was not hit by these shoes.
On 12 October 2013 in Chiayi County, Taiwan, some protesters threw shoes toward President Ma Ying-jeou's convoy during an activity related to Mayoral Forum of Kuomintang. Police department tried to avoid conflict between protesters and the convoy by implementing an one story high Shoes-Catching-Net to avoid shoes hitting on the convoy. Several shoes thrown by protesters were caught by the special net so Ma Ying-jeou was not hit in this incident.
On 19 October 2013 in Keelung, Taiwan, some protesters threw shoes toward President Ma Ying-jeou during an activity related to anniversary of the founding of National Taiwan Ocean University, but he was not hit by these shoes.
On 19 October 2013 in Taipei city, Taiwan, one of the protesters threw shoe, toward President Ma Ying-jeou during an activity related to the Opening Ceremony of 2013 National Game, but he was not hit by the shoe.
On 20 October 2013 in Taipei city, Taiwan, some protesters threw shoes, toward President Ma Ying-jeou during an activity related to Taipei Hakka Yimin Festival, but he was not hit by these shoes.
On 10 November 2013 in Wuqi District, Taichung, Taiwan, protesters threw shoes toward to Ma Ying-Jeou’s convoy when passing by while Ma attend The Kuomintang's (KMT) 19th National Congress meeting. Ma did not get hit by these shoes due to heavy policy security implementation. Containers contain with urine and fireworks firing were also used in this protesting action.

</doc>
<doc id="20756082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756082" title="2003 Intercontinental Cup">
2003 Intercontinental Cup

The 2003 Intercontinental Cup was the 42nd Intercontinental Cup, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's UEFA Champions League and Copa Libertadores competitions. The match was played on 14 December 2003 between Boca Juniors of Argentina, winners of the 2003 Copa Libertadores and Milan of Italy, winners of the 2002–03 UEFA Champions League. The match was played at the neutral venue of the International Stadium Yokohama in Yokohama in front of 70,000 fans. Matías Donnet was named as man of the match. 

</doc>
<doc id="20756089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756089" title="Katie Colclough">
Katie Colclough

Katie Amanda Colclough (born 20 January 1990) is a retired English road and track cyclist from Frieston near Grantham, Lincolnshire, and a former member of British Cycling's Olympic Development Squad.
Colclough began cycling competitively in 2004, the following year she was selected to ride for British Cycling's Talent Team. She joined the Olympic Development Programme in 2006.
In 2008-2009 Colclough rode road races with Team Halfords Bikehut. In 2011, she signed with the professional team (now known as ). Colclough was part of the Specialized-lululemon squad which won the team time trial at the 2013 UCI Road World Championships, where she announced that she would be retiring from the sport after the road race.

</doc>
<doc id="20756107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756107" title="Serge Duigou">
Serge Duigou

Serge Duigou (born 1948, Pont-l'Abbé, in Pays Bigouden in sud-Finistère) is a French historian, specialising in the history of Brittany.

</doc>
<doc id="20756109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756109" title="Yuki Kuriyama">
Yuki Kuriyama

Kuriyama previously played for Sagan Tosu in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20756113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756113" title="Parwich Hall">
Parwich Hall

Parwich Hall is a privately owned 18th-century mansion house at Parwich, near Ashbourne, Derbyshire Dales. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Manor of Parwich was owned by the Cockaynes of Ashbourne until they sold it in about 1603 to Thomas Levinge of Norfolk. His great grandson, Richard Levinge, was Speaker of the House of Commons in Ireland and became the first of the Levinge Baronets. 
His son the second Baronet replaced the old manor house with the present brick and limestone mansion house in 1747. The entrance front has three storeys and five bays, symmetrical around the slightly advanced and pedimented central bay. A three-bayed service wing was added to the west in 1905 and raised to three storeys in 1930.
The Levinge family seat was moved to Westmeath in Ireland and the house was let out and in 1814 was sold to William Evans of Allestree Hall. During part of the time of Evans' ownership the house was occupied by the vicar Rev Carr, a relative of Evans. After the death of Sir Thomas Evans in 1892, another clerical descendant, Rev Claud Lewis, had the use of the house.
The house was sold in 1915 and again in 1931 when it was acquired by the Inglefield (later Crompton-Inglefield) family. John Frederick Crompton-Inglefield was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1938.
It later became the home of the Shields family.

</doc>
<doc id="20756115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756115" title="2004 Intercontinental Cup">
2004 Intercontinental Cup

The 2004 Intercontinental Cup was a football match that took place on 12 December 2004 between Porto of Portugal, winners of 2003–04 UEFA Champions League, and Once Caldas of Colombia, winners of the 2004 Copa Libertadores. The match was played at the neutral venue of the International Stadium Yokohama in Yokohama, Japan, in front of 60,000 fans. The match ended 0–0 after extra time, where Porto eventually won 8–7 at penalties. Maniche of Porto was named as man of the match.
This was the last Intercontinental Cup final as the competition was subsequently expanded from a single game between European and South American champions into the FIFA Club World Cup, also including North American, Asian, African and Oceanian continental champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20756119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756119" title="Kenzo Taniguchi">
Kenzo Taniguchi

Club career stats.
As of 22 July 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20756121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756121" title="Loeiz Herrieu">
Loeiz Herrieu

Loeiz Herrieu or Louis Henrio (1879, Lanester, then in Caudan - 22 May 1953, Auray) was a Breton historian who wrote in his native language of Breton vannetais. The son of a farmer, he was nicknamed Er Barh Labourér ("the peasant bard").

</doc>
<doc id="20756130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756130" title="Solidarity Sweden-Latin America">
Solidarity Sweden-Latin America

Solidarity Sweden-Latin America is a Swedish solidarity organization that works together with popular movements in Latin America to achieve a fair and sustainable society. 
In Swedish the name of the organization is "Latinamerikagrupperna" and in Spanish it is "Solidaridad Suecia-América Latina".

</doc>
<doc id="20756142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756142" title="Hirokazu Hasegawa">
Hirokazu Hasegawa

Club career stats.
As of 28 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20756146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756146" title="Batman Park">
Batman Park

Batman Park is an urban park, located on the northern bank of the Yarra River in central Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. 
Batman Park is a small open grassed space with paths and planted Eucalyptus trees bordered by Spencer Street at the west, Flinders Street Viaduct at the north and King Street to the east. 
The park was established in 1982 through the conversion of a disused freight train rail yard and was named after one of the founders of Melbourne, John Batman with historical associations as a landing place of the Schooner Rebecca and nearby settlement at Batman's Hill.
In 1997 Batman Park was effectively split in half with the section east of King Street was rebranded as Enterprize Park. Much of the land on the new park was reclaimed to recreate a historical 1850s turning basin and timber wharf with sculptures by Bruce Armstrong timber wharf and Geoffrey Bartlett recalling the site's maritime history. Enterprize park also became the site of the Melbourne Aquarium. 
History.
The site was originally part of the Wurundjeri nation's territory prior to European settlement. At this time the site was part of extensive riverside wetlands. After settlement the area was used as a dumping ground for waste and discharge for sewerage and storm water, destroying the wetlands and turning the site from diverse riverside wetlands to smelly muddy swampland. 
Throughout the 19th century the main port of Melbourne, today known as the Turning Basin, directly east of the park, dictated the use of the surrounding land for cargo facilities and rail yards. In the late 19th century more substantial wharfs and docks were constructed in deepened waters downstream, abandoning the cargo facilities and rail yards at the site.
The site remained largely disused throughout much of the mid 20th century until the park was established in 1982. The park was home to Ron Robertson-Swann's "Vault" sculpture, commonly nicknamed the "Yellow Peril", which was relocated several times throughout the 1980s and 90s. The sculpture has resided at the Australian Centre for Contemporary Art since 2002. In 1997 the original turning basin, which had been filled in during the 1950s, was reinstated, and the portion of Batman Park to the east of Kings Bridge was renamed Enterprize Park after the schooner which landed at the site in 1835.
In the 1990s a pigeon loft was built in the north-east corner of the park to encourage pigeons to roost away from the city buildings and streets, their eggs are captured and disposed of to curtail the population. In 1999, the Melbourne Aquarium was built directly east of the park, at the western end of Enterprize Park. The park has survived development while surrounding sites have not, construction of residential apartments has begun on the former Fish Market site to the north of the park opposite the Flinders Street Viaduct, which had formally been proposed as an extension of Batman Park.
Location, Geography and Ecology.
The park is located on the northern bank of the Yarra river between Queens Street and Kings Way. Its northern boundary is bordered by the Flinders Street Viaduct which was constructed around the same time the park was founded, the viaduct separated the park from the former Fish Markets which is currently the site of new apartment buildings.
The park sits on an almost flat section of the riverbank that very occasionally floods. Prior to the construction of the Upper Yarra Dam, the site flooded more regularly, depositing silt and soil, creating swamp and wetlands. Current vegetation in the park consists of sparse maturing eucalypts with no understorey or saplings. The ground is covered by non-native grasses, creating vast lawns which are intersected by a basic network of sealed paths.

</doc>
<doc id="20756153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756153" title="TAPO">
TAPO

TAPO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20756155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756155" title="Edenderry RFC">
Edenderry RFC

Edenderry RFC is an Irish rugby team based in County Offaly. They play in Division Three of the Leinster League. The club colour is royal blue.

</doc>
<doc id="20756157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756157" title="Sébastien Le Balp">
Sébastien Le Balp

Sébastien Le Balp (born 1639, Kergloff, died 1675) was a Breton politician. In 1664 he was royal notary at Carhaix, and he later became one of the leaders of the Revolt of the "Papier Timbré" in the Poher region of Cornouaille in July and August 1675.
When the revolt won over Lower Brittany, Le Balp organised it. At the start of September 1675, he and six hundred "Bonnets Rouges" besieged and pillaged château du Tymeur and burned all its papers and archives.
Le Balp mobilised the peasants and tried to maximize their efforts, but he was killed by a surprise sword thrust from his prisoner Charles Maurice de Percin, marquis de Montgaillard, on the night of 3 September, on the eve of the planned uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="20756162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756162" title="Daniel McNeill Parker">
Daniel McNeill Parker

Daniel McNeill Parker (April 28, 1822 – November 4, 1907) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia. He served in the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia from 1867 to 1901.
He was born in Windsor, Nova Scotia, the son of Francis Parker and Mary Janet McNeill. Parker was educated at King's College and Horton Academy. He studied medicine with William Bruce Almon and then went on to study at the University of Edinburgh. He returned to Nova Scotia in 1845 and set up practice in Halifax. In 1847, he married Eliza Ritchie Johnston, the daughter of James William Johnston. In 1854, he married Fanny Holmes Black after the death of his first wife. His daughter Laura MacNeill Parker was the wife of the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, the Honourable MacCallum Grant. He helped found the Halifax Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association. Parker also served on the board of governors for Acadia College. He helped establish the Medical Society of Nova Scotia and the Canadian Medical Association and served as president for both. Parker also helped create the faculty of medicine at Dalhousie University. In 1871, he studied antiseptic surgery in Edinburgh and Europe and returned to Nova Scotia as a consultant in those techniques. He retired from practice in 1895. Parker died in Halifax at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="20756173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756173" title="Yann Brekilien">
Yann Brekilien

Jean Sicard (born 11 December 1920, Paris - 12 March 2008), known as Yann Brekilien, was a Breton writer. Fighting in the French Resistance from 1941, he founded a secret journal with the Dupouy brothers and the sons of the bâtonnier Arrighi. In 1942, he entered the Ceux de la Résistance (CDLR) and the following year joined the maquis to escape the STO, hiding at Elliant, commanding an FFI section and fighting in the battles of summer 1945. After the war he worked as a magistrate as well as a prolific author, becoming founder and honorary president of the association des écrivains Bretons. 
Brekilien died on March 12, 2009, at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="20756179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756179" title="Annie Oakley House">
Annie Oakley House

Annie Oakley House is a historic home located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland. It is a -story, brick-and-frame, Colonial Revival–influenced bungalow constructed in 1913. Behind the house is a small garage and studio apartment. The house overlooks Hambrooks Bay, a protected body of water off the Choptank River. It was constructed as a retirement home for Annie Oakley and her husband, Frank Butler, and is the only surviving property in the nation that was either owned or occupied by Oakley as her primary and permanent residence. It features built-in shelves originally intended to display shooting trophies.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20756184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756184" title="Cordillera Negra (Chile)">
Cordillera Negra (Chile)

Cordillera Negra is a mountain range in the Andes. It runs perpendicular to the Andes in an east-west direction from Mocho-Choshuenco volcano to Cerros de Quimán. The range has several features of the Quaternary glaciation periods including cirques and arêtes.

</doc>
<doc id="20756191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756191" title="Ian Gorst">
Ian Gorst

Ian Gorst (born 15 December 1969) is the Chief Minister of Jersey and an elected member of States of Jersey since 5 December 2005. He previously worked as an accountant.
Background.
Gorst was born into a farming family in the Lune Valley, Lancashire, England, and left school with A-levels in history and business studies (grade E) and went on to work in insurance before going into banking and accountancy. He was a member of the UK Conservative Party before leaving the United Kingdom. He met his wife Dionne (née A'Court), a Jerseywoman, while she was studying nursing in England, and the couple moved back to Jersey.
Electoral history.
Gorst was elected as one of the Deputies for St Clement in the 2005 elections, coming second with 930 votes. He was re-elected in 2008 when he topped the poll with 1,112 votes. In the 2011 general election he successfully stood for one of the four Senators' seats, coming second out of 13 candidates.
States of Jersey.
He was elected Chief Minister of Jersey in November 2011.
Between 2008 and 2011, Gorst was Minister for Employment and Social Security in the Council of Ministers. During his period of office, a system for redundancy payments was introduced, the income support system was criticized, state pension retirement age was raised from 65 to 67; and a new system for funding care in old age was put in place.
In 2005, Gorst was appointed as an assistant minister in the Chief Minister's Department, with responsibility for decisions about migration and human resources. In July 2007, Gorst became an assistant minister to the Minister for Treasury and Resources, with responsibilities including the review of accounting functions, investment matters, internal audit and procurement.
Gorst has served as chairman of the Jersey Overseas Aid Commission.
Voluntary Work.
Gorst is the Deputy Chair of Governors at Le Rocquier School, a member of Le Squez Youth Club Management Committee, and a member of NSPCC Pathways steering group.

</doc>
<doc id="20756202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756202" title="The House that Ate the Hamptons">
The House that Ate the Hamptons

The House That Ate The Hamptons is a novel based on the controversy surrounding the construction of billionaire Ira Rennert's mansion in Southampton, New York.
The novel's author, James Brady, is a magazine writer with columns in "Parade" magazine and "Advertising Age". He is also a part-time Hamptons resident.

</doc>
<doc id="20756206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756206" title="Rehoboth (Eldorado, Maryland)">
Rehoboth (Eldorado, Maryland)

Rehoboth, also known as Turpin Place or Lee Mansion, is a historic home located at Eldorado, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Flemish bond brick house. A chimney rises flush with the one gable end, and a -story frame kitchen wing is attached to the other end. The interior of the house was gutted by fire in October 1916, and rebuilt. It was the family home of the second elected Governor of Maryland, Thomas Sim Lee.
Rehoboth was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20756214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756214" title="Zineb">
Zineb

Zineb is an organosulfur compound that is used as fungicide. It is a pale yellow solid.
Synthesis and applications.
Zineb and is a polymeric complex of zinc with the ethylene bis(dithiocarbamate) anionic ligand. Its uses include control of downy mildews, rusts and redfire disease. 
It is produced by reacting ethylene bis(dithiocarbamate) sodium salt, "nabam", with zinc sulfate. This procedure can be carried out by mixing nabam and zinc sulfate in the spray tank. 
Its uses include control of downy mildews, rusts and redfire disease. In the US it was once registered as a "General Use Pesticide", however all registrations were voluntarily cancelled following an EPA special review. It continues to be used in many other countries. Zineb has been described to interfere with glucocorticoid metabolism, by inhibiting the activity of the enzyme 11beta-hydroxysteroiddehydrogenase type 2, which converts cortisol to cortisone.

</doc>
<doc id="20756224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756224" title="Ottaviano Riario">
Ottaviano Riario

Ottaviano Riario (September 1479 – 1533) was an Italian condottiero and Lord of Imola and Forlì.
He was a son of Girolamo Riario, a nephew of Pope Sixtus IV who had obtained possession in Italy thanks to the pontiff's patronage, and Caterina Sforza. He was created lord of Imola and Forlì in July 1488 by Pope Innocent VIII, under the regency of his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20756226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756226" title="Om Agarwal">
Om Agarwal

Om B. Agrawal (sometimes referred to as O. B. Agrawal) was an Indian professional snooker player who won the 1984 amateur IBSF World Billiards Championship in Dublin, Ireland, the first Indian to win the event. He received the prestigious Arjuna Award that year, in recognition of this victory for India. He died in 1994 at the age of 37. He was the brother of fellow player Subhash Agarwal, and a protégé of Anglo-Indian champion Wilson Jones. Agrawal's family name is sometimes misspelled "Agarwal".

</doc>
<doc id="20756231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756231" title="Idylease Inn">
Idylease Inn

Idylease ( "idle-ease"), a former resort hotel located in Newfoundland, New Jersey, was erected in 1902 and is an architecturally and historically significant example of early 20th century resort architecture in Northwest, New Jersey. The only surviving example of resort facilities in the region, it recalls the popularity of the region as the vacationland for the middle class in the late nineteenth century. The Inn was built for a group of 11 investors calling themselves The Newfoundland Health Association headed by Dr Edgar Day from Brooklyn, NY. Idylease is situated on the summit of an -hill in the foothills of the Ramapo Mountains and is located 30 miles northwest from New York City.
History.
Work began on Idylease in summer of 1900 and opened its doors on New Year's Day in 1902. Architecturally, Idylease Inn embodies a variety of distinctive characteristics commonly associated with this type of resort architecture in this region at the turn of the century. On the exterior the most salient features associated with this type are the broad veranda and second story balcony which deteriorated and was removed sometime during the 1930s. Expansive porches and open air-balconies were an essential feature of the resort hotel, providing guests with vistas of the surrounding wilderness and pleasant public spaces for social gatherings. Verandas also served as sanitary and therapeutic retreats from which to enjoy the ""healthful and moral atmosphere of nature, reflecting the popularity of resorts not only for pleasure and recreational activity but also for escapes from the crowded, disease ridden and immoral conditions of the suddenly industrialized cities of the northeast.""
The Newfoundland Health Association.
Dr. Day founded The Newfoundland Village Improvement Society in 1902 which was formed to ""protect the interest of the residents and property holders of Newfoundland, New Jersey improve the conditions of the roads, secure better railroad service, and in general do whatever shall tend to increase the beauty and attractiveness of our village and its surroundings."" Dr Day remained president of the society until his death at Idylease in 1906. Dr. Daniel Drake who was the resident physician and general manager of Idylease at the time of Dr. Days death became the principal stock holder of the Newfoundland Health Association which owned Idylease. George A. Day, Dr. Drakes brother was appointed assistant manager.
In 1954 a doctor from Jersey City, NJ purchased Idylease from the Newfoundland, Health Association. Arthur Zampella, MD purchased Idylease Inn from the estate of Dr. Daniel Drake and converted the Inn into the Idylease Nursing Home. Idylease Nursing Home maintained a staff of 11 doctors and employed 65 people. Idylease Nursing home closed in 1972 and subsequently became a congregate living facility. Dr. Zampella died in January 1992 and is buried in the Newfoundland cemetery. Dr. Daniel Drake, is also interred there as well.
Noted guests.
Thomas Edison was a frequent guest of Idylease while working on a magnetic ore extracting device at the Franklin/Odgensberg Mine for the New Jersey Zinc Company . F. Fichter Hoagan, a longtime business manager to previous owner Dr. Daniel Drake often reminisced of the days when "“Mr. Edison would stay overnight at Idylease while traveling to the mine. Newfoundland marked the half way point from Edison’s laboratories in East Orange. He would spend the night at Idylease and have his car serviced at the local garage”." Edison was no stranger to the area. He had filmed scenes from The Great Train Robbery (film) in Echo Lake and was known to fish along the banks of the Pequannock River.
Mary Teresa Norton (March 7, 1875 – August 2, 1959) was an American politician. The sixth woman in the United States Congress, she was the first from an Eastern state (New Jersey), and the first non-Republican (she was a Democrat). She went on to serve an unprecedented 13 consecutive terms in the United States House of Representatives, from 1925 to 1951, and chaired four committees. She was a labor advocate and a supporter of women's rights. During the late 1920s Ms.Norton was a regular guest at Idylease.
Priscilla Smith was a five year resident of Idylease during the latter part of the 1960s. As a young girl, Priscilla was a glamorous model whose fun loving and explosive personality and blazing bohemian beauty befuddled and charmed some of the greatest artists of the postwar world. She spent the final years of her life at Idylease. Priscilla will be best remembered as the favored model of Austrian Artist Karl Bitter, and was the artist's model for the statue atop the Pulitzer Fountain opposite the Plaza Hotel located on southern half of Grand Army Plaza in New York City. Bitter’s bronze sculpture represents Pomona, the Roman goddess of abundance. Smith, the artist’s model was a shy 19 year old girl from Queens, New York when she was personally chosen by Bitter as the model for Pomona because of her striking features and reserved demeanor.
Although familiar with virtually all games in the realm of sports, William B. Hanna (1862–1930) specialized in sports writing in baseball and football. He was brought up in Kansas City and began his newspaper career with the Kansas "Star" but came to New York in 1888, joining the staff of the New York, "Herald." He is widely considered one of the most noted sports writers of the period.
His style was noted for his eschewing of slang such as "swat, pill, horsehide", etc. His choice of words were those less chosen, terse, precise, kind. His style was succinct, his knowledge encyclopedic. He always signed his copy, William B. Hanna, and became upset if anyone changed it.
Miscellaneous.
Battershell—Lavender Moses Video filmed at Idylease for MTV.
The State—Lincoln Logs filmed at Idylease for MTV.
The Station Agent filmed in Newfoundland, NJ.
William B Hanna sports writer for The New York Herald Tribune. Resident at Idylease 1930.
King of The Gypsies filmed in Newfoundland, NJ in 1978 .
Further reading.
West Milford (NJ) (Images of America) (Paperback) Arcadia Publishing 2001
The Day the Earth Shook and the Sky Turned Red, copyright 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20756238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756238" title="Arthur Le Moyne de La Borderie">
Arthur Le Moyne de La Borderie

Arthur Le Moyne de La Borderie, (5 October 1827, Vitré, Ille-et-Vilaine - 17 February 1901, Vitré) was a Breton historian, regarded as a father of Brittany's historiography.
Life.
He came from "La Borderie", which was an estate in the commune of Étrelles.
After studying law, he entered the École des Chartes. He left it in 1852 and from 1853 to 1859 worked in the archives of Loire-Inférieure. He was a founder member of the "Société archéologique et historique d’Ille-et-Vilaine", of which he was president from 1863 to 1890.
Gaining recognition for his innumerable works on the history of Brittany, he enlivened research in many areas and inspired many historians by his influence and example. He was the director of the historic review "Revue de Bretagne et Vendée" (published from 1867 to 1900) that he founded aged 25.
He had been elected conseiller général of Ille-et-Vilaine from 1864 to 1871 then, the same year, député for Vitré, until 1876. In this role he was reporter of the "Commission d’enquête sur les actes du gouvernement de la défense nationale" (Commission of Inquiry into the Acts of the Government of National Defence). In particular he led the investigation into events at Camp Conlie where 50,000 Breton soldiers were held and supposedly mistreated in 1871. His report was overwhelmingly critical of the French army, which demonstrated a total lack of organization.
In the years after the Franco-Prussian War he re-formed the "Association bretonne" which had been dissolved as suspect by the government of Napoléon III. A large part of his library is now in the town library of Rennes, while the huge collection of original documents which he amassed is now housed in the departmental archives of Ille-et-Vilaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20756246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756246" title="Stanley Institute">
Stanley Institute

Stanley Institute, also known as Rock School, is a historic African American school building located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland. It is a rectangular one-story, gable-front frame building with a small entrance vestibule built about 1865. Three original blackboards still occupy their proper locations The building was moved to its present location from a site near Church Creek in 1867. It served as both a church and a school until the erection of the present Rock Methodist Church later in the 19th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20756248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756248" title="Mattis–Bardeen theory">
Mattis–Bardeen theory

The Mattis–Bardeen theory is a possible explanation of a phenomenon observed in superconductors.
Introduction.
The Mattis–Bardeen theory was derived to explain the anomalous skin effect of superconductors. Originally, the anomalous skin effect indicates the non-classical response of metals to high frequency electromagnetic field in low temperature, which was solved by R. G. Chambers.
The response to the electromagnetic wave.
The most clear fact the BCS theory gives is the presence of the pairing of two electrons (Cooper pair). After the transition to superconducting state, the superconducting gap 2Δ arises, and the dispersion relation can be described like semiconductor with band gap 2Δ where the Fermi energy lies. From the Fermi golden rule, the transition probabilities can be written as
where formula_2 is the density of states. And formula_3 is the matrix element of an interaction Hamiltonian formula_4 where
In the superconducting state, each term of the Hamiltonian is dependent, because of the superconducting state consists of a phase-coherent superposition of occupied one-electron states, whereas it is independent in the normal state. Therefore there appear interference terms in the absolute square of the matrix element. The result of the coherence changes the matrix element formula_3 into the matrix element formula_7 of single electron and the coherence factors F(Δ,E,E').
Then, the transition rate is
where the transition rate can be translated to real part of the complex conductivity, formula_10, because the electrodynamic energy absorption is proportional to the formula_11.
In finite temperature condition, the response of electrons due to the incident electromagnetic wave can be regarded as two parts, the “superconducting” and “normal” electrons. The first one corresponds to the superconducting ground state and the next to the thermally excited electrons from the ground state. This picture is the so-called "two-fluid" model. If we consider the “normal” electrons, the ratio of the optical conductivity to the one of the normal state is
The first term of the upper equation is the contribution of "normal" electrons, and the second term is due to the superconducting electrons.
Use in Optical Study.
The calculated optical conductivity breaks the sum rule that the spectral weight should be conserved through the transition. This result implies that the missing area of the spectral weight is concentrated in the zero frequency limit, corresponding to the dirac delta function. Many experimental data supports the prediction. This story on electrondynamics of superconductivity is the starting point of optical study. Because any superconducting "Tc" never exceeds 200K and the superconducting gap value is about the 3.5 "kBT", microwave or far-infrared spectroscopy is suitable technique applying this theory. With the Mattis–Bardeen theory, we can derive fruitful properties of superconducting gap, like gap symmetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20756251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756251" title="Steven Mee">
Steven Mee

Steven Mee (born 6 April 1965) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Nottinghamshire. He was born in Nottingham.
Mee, who played with Nottinghamshire Second XI between 1983 and 1984, made a single first-class appearance for the side, against Cambridge University in 1984. Mee took two wickets in the match but did not bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20756256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756256" title="Gorey RFC">
Gorey RFC

Gorey RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Gorey, County Wexford. They play in Division Two A of the Leinster League. The club colours are green, white and blue with black shorts.

</doc>
<doc id="20756270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756270" title="Glen Oak Hotel">
Glen Oak Hotel

The Glen Oak Hotel is a historic hotel building located at Hurlock, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is a three-story frame building constructed about 1890. A two-story porch with Tuscan columns spans the south facade. The hotel was one of the first buildings constructed in the town, and functioned as a commercial and social center, serving salesmen who traveled by rail.
The Glen Oak Hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20756276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756276" title="Jean Meschinot">
Jean Meschinot

Jean Meschinot (1420, Monnières, near Clisson – September 12, 1491) was a Breton poet who wrote in French at the court of the dukes of Brittany. His birthplace was in the Mortiers domain, around 30km south of Nantes, capital of the duchy, and he came from the minor nobility. A squire of the ducal household under John VI, he was highly favoured under dukes Peter II and Arthur III, composing rondeaus and ballades. Just as he was about to become 'official poet' he came into disfavour with duke Francis II. Historian Johann Huizinga quotes a ballad of his indicting Louis XI for crimes against France: "You have sinned against peace..." 
He was maître d’hôtel to the young Anne of Brittany from 1488 onwards, dying before her marriage and Brittany's merger into France.

</doc>
<doc id="20756284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756284" title="Simon Reich">
Simon Reich

Simon Reich is a professor of global affairs and former Director of the The Division of Global Affairs (DGA) at Rutgers University in Newark, New Jersey. He is the author of the book Fruits of Fascism, as well as numerous journal articles and book chapters.
In 2008 he was named the Director of the Global Affairs Division at Rutgers University.
In 2000-2001 he was the director of research and analysis for the Royal Institute of International Affairs at Chatham House in England. He was president of the International Political Economy Section of the International Studies Association. 
Awards.
Council on Foreign Relations International Affairs Fellowship, as well as fellowships from the Kellogg Foundation, the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies, and numerous other organizations. 

</doc>
<doc id="20756298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756298" title="Hallanvaara">
Hallanvaara

Hallanvaara (Finnish for "Risk of Frost") is the third studio album of Ismo Alanko Säätiö. Ismo Alanko composed the music and asked different people to provide the arrangements for the album. In addition to Säätiö personnel, the album features two string ensembles: Arttu Takalon Jouset (Arttu Takalo's Strings) and Ville Kankaan Jousikvartetti (Ville Kangas' String Quartet).
Kimmo Pohjonen, who had already left the band before the recording of "Hallanvaara", plays accordion on "Peilikuva".
Track listing.
All compositions by Ismo Alanko except "Töiden jälkeen" by Alanko and Arttu Takalo. All lyrics by Alanko.

</doc>
<doc id="20756307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756307" title="Brasserie Lancelot">
Brasserie Lancelot

The brasserie Lancelot is a French brewery founded in 1990 by Bernard Lancelot, located on the site of a gold mine in Roc-Saint-André in Morbihan. It produces seven top-fermented, unfiltered, naturally-produced and unpasteurised beers, named after figures from the history and literature of Brittany.
Beers.
La Duchesse Anne.
This beer is named after Anne of Brittany.
Les Bonnets Rouges.
This beer is named after the revolt of the bonnets rouges.
Telenn Du.
This beer is brewed from barley and buckwheat. Pioneer of buckwheat beers, its name means "black harp" in Breton. It sported a picture of a black harp at its beginnings, but after protests from Guinness, it was replaced by a white triskelion.
XI.I.
This beer is named after Shamain (eleventh month of the year, first day). It's a dark barley wine, very alcoholic for a beer (11.1 ABV) and with a very strong flavour.
Other products.
Lancelot also sells the Breizh Cola, the chouchen Lancelot, and in 2006 began production of the organic Morgane beer, marketed as "100% Breton and 100% organic".

</doc>
<doc id="20756311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756311" title="Hua–Yi distinction">
Hua–Yi distinction

華夷之辨, the distinction between Hua () and Yi (), also known as Sino-barbarian dichotomy, is an ancient Chinese conception that differentiated a culturally defined "China" (called Hua, Huaxia 華夏, or Xia 夏) from cultural or ethnic outsiders (Yi "barbarians"). Although Yi is often translated as "barbarian," there are also other ways of translating this term into English. Some of the examples include “foreigners,”"ordinary others,” “wild tribes,” “uncivilized tribes,” and so forth.
The Hua–Yi distinction was basically cultural, but it could also take ethnic or racist overtones (especially in times of war). In its cultural form, the Hua–Yi distinction assumed Chinese cultural superiority, but also implied that outsiders could become Chinese by adopting Chinese values and customs. When this "cultural universalism" took a more racial guise, however, it could have harmful effects.
Historical context.
Ancient China was a group of states that arose in the Yellow River valley, one of the earliest centers of human civilization. According to historian Li Feng, in the Western Zhou (ca. 1041–771 BCE) the contrast between the "Chinese" Zhou and the "Rong" or "Yi" was "more political than cultural or ethnic." Lothar von Falkenhausen argues that the perceived contrast between "Chinese" and "Barbarians" was accentuated during the Eastern Zhou period (770–256 BCE), when adherence to Zhou rituals was increasingly recognized as a "barometer of civilization." Gideon Shelach also agrees that this distinction, which was "based on shared cultural values", emerged during the Zhou period.
Shelach, however, claims that Chinese texts tended to overstate the distinction and to ignore similarities between the Chinese and their northern neighbors. Nicola di Cosmo also doubts the existence of a strong demarcation between a "Zhou universe and a discrete, 'barbarian,' non-Zhou universe" at the time. He traces this conception to Sima Qian's "assumption (or the pretense of it) that a chasm had always existed between China – the Hua-Hsia people – and the various alien groups inhabiting the north."
At the conclusion of the Warring States period the first unified Chinese state was established by the Qin Dynasty in 221 BCE, the office of the Emperor was set up and the Chinese script was forcibly standardized. The subsequent Han Dynasty (206 BCE – 220 CE) created a Han cultural identity among its populace that would last to the present day.
The Han Chinese civilization has dominant influence on neighboring states such as Korea, Japan, Vietnam and Thailand, plus many other South East Asian countries. Although only sporadically enforced, with military might, the Sinocentric system treated these countries as vassals of "Emperor being the Son of Heaven" (Chinese:天子), who has the Mandate of Heaven (Chinese:天命). Areas outside the Sinocentric influence were considered under this concept to consist of uncivilized lands inhabited by barbarians, or Huawaizhidi.
Throughout history, the frontiers of China was periodically attacked by nomadic tribes from the north and west. In ancient times, these nomadic tribal people were considered to be "barbarians" when compared to the people of the Central Plain (中原), who had begun to build cities and live an urban life based on agriculture. It was consideration of how best to deal with this threat that led Confucius (551 – 479 BCE) to formulate principles for relationships with the barbarians, briefly recorded in two of his Analects.
It was not until the explosion of European trade and colonialism in the 18th and 19th centuries that Chinese civilization become fully exposed to cultural and technological developments that had outstripped China, and was forced to painfully modify its traditional views of its relationship with the "barbarians".
China.
The great Chinese philosopher Confucius lived during a time of warfare between the Chinese states. He regarded peoples who did not respect "li", or ritual propriety, as barbarians since the workings of a state should be founded on ethical conduct rather than imposed by princes. In the Ames and Rosemont translation of Analect 3.5,
Confucius said: "The Yi and Di barbarian tribes with rulers are not as viable as the various Chinese states without them." This is often interpreted as meaning that the Chinese culture is superior to the barbarian culture even in times of anarchy. However, the classic translation by James Legge is ambiguous: ""The rude tribes of the east and north have their princes, and are not like the States of our great land which are without them.""
"The Disposition of Error", a fifth-century tract defending Buddhism, a religion that had originated outside the Sinocentric sphere in India, notes that when Confucius was threatening to take residence among the nine barbarian nations (九黎) he said, "If a gentleman-scholar dwells in their midst, what baseness can there be among them?"' An alternate translation of Analect 9.14 is ""Someone said: 'They are vulgar. What can you do about them?' The Master said: 'A gentleman used to live there. How could they be vulgar?'"" In either translation, there is a clear implication that Hua culture is superior.
Zhou Dynasty.
The "Bamboo Annals" recorded that the founder of Zhou, King Wu of Zhou "led the lords of the western barbarians" to conquer the Shang Dynasty. While the Duke Huan of Qi once called on the various Chinese states to fight against the barbarians and uphold the King of Zhou then amongst themselves (Chinese:尊王攘夷).
Mencius believed that Confucian practices were universal and timeless, and thus followed by both Hua and Yi, "Shun was an Eastern barbarian; he was born in Chu Feng, moved to Fu Hsia, and died in Ming T'iao. King Wen was a Western barbarian; he was born in Ch'i Chou and died in Pi Ying. Their native places were over a thousand "li" apart, and there were a thousand years between them. Yet when they had their way in the Central Kingdoms, their actions matched like the two halves of a tally. The standards of the two sages, one earlier and one later, were identical."
Jin Dynasty.
In order to alleviate the shortages of labor caused by the Three Kingdoms wars, the Jin let millions of non-Chinese people move into Jin territory. However, many officials opposed this decision in the name of the Hua–Yi distinction, claiming that if the barbarians did not identify with the Huaxia, they would conspire to destroy the Chinese empire.
Wu Hu uprising.
During the Wu Hu (五胡) uprising and ravaging of north China that occurred around 310CE, the Jin dynasty and other Chinese used the Hua–Yi distinction to call on the population to resist the Wu Hu. The historians of the southern dynasties, who were all Han Chinese, depicted the Wu Hu as barbaric and different from the Chinese.
Ran Min's order to kill the barbarians.
In either 349 or 350CE, the Han Chinese general Ran Min (冉閔) seized power from the last emperor of the Later Zhao and encouraged Han Chinese to slaughter Jie people, a large number of which were living in the Zhao capital, Ye. In this massacre and the wars that ensued, hundreds of thousands of Jie (羯), Qiang (羌), and Xiongnu (匈奴) men, women, and children were killed. The Wu Hu quickly unified to fight Ran Min, but Ran Min won victory after victory. Despite this military success, however, Ran's regime was toppled in 353 CE. As a result of this turmoil, three of the five main "barbarian" ethnic groups in China disappeared from Chinese history.
Ran Min continues to be a controversial figure. He is considered by some to be a hero, whereas others believe he is an example of the extreme prejudice that can result from the concept of "Hua-Yi distinction".
Northern Wei.
Emperor Shaowu of Northern Wei (a state that controlled the north of China), who was a Xianbei (鮮卑), attempted to eliminate Hua-Yi zhi bian in his state by forcing the Xianbei to sinocize and adopt Han Chinese ways. The Xianbei language was outlawed and Xianbei people began to adopt Chinese surnames ; for example, the Tuobas became the Yuans.
Sui Dynasty.
In 581, the Sui Emperor Yang Jian deposed the Xianbei ruler of Northern Zhou and restored the rule of the Han Chinese over North China. This event marked the end of all power that the Xianbei and other non-Chinese groups had over China, and racial tension subsided.
Tang Dynasty.
Tang Dynasty was regarded as one of the Golden Ages of Chinese history, as well as one of the most cosmopolitan regimes in China's past. The Tang was one of the peaks of the Chinese Empire's military strength, political unity, economic influence, and cultural efflorescence. During Tang's time Tibetans, Southeast Asians, Persians, Arabs, Jews, Japanese, Koreans, Turks and Indians all came to Chang'an and other Tang cities to do business or study. Apart from bringing different cultures of the world into Tang Dynasty, these people brought Buddhism, Islam, Zarathustrian (Xianjiao 祆教), Persian Manichean thought (Monijiao 摩尼教) and Syriac Christianity (Jingjiao 景教), which all began to take root and flourish in China.
This cosmopolitan policy caused some controversy among the literati, who questioned the governor of Kaifeng's recommendation of the Arab Li Yansheng () to take an imperial examination in 847. The Tang intellectual Chen An () wrote an essay defending the decision, "The Heart of Being Hua" (), which is cited as expressing the "classic non-xenophobic" Chinese position on the Hua–Yi distinction. In the essay, Chen writes: "If one speaks in terms of geography, then there are Hua and Yi. But if one speaks in terms of education, then there can be no such difference. For the distinction between Hua and Yi rests in the heart and is determined by their different inclinations."
The prominent Tang Confucian Han Yu wrote in his essay "Yuan Dao" the following: "When Confucius wrote the "Chunqiu", he said that if the feudal lords use Yi ritual, then they should be called Yi; If they use Chinese rituals, then they should be called Chinese." Han Yu went on to lament in the same essay that the Chinese of his time might all become Yi because the Tang court wanted to put Yi laws above the teachings of the former kings. Therefore, Han Yu's essay shows the possibility that the Chinese can lose their culture and become the uncivilized outsiders, and that the uncivilized outsiders have the potential to become Chinese.
Arguments which excoriate the Tang's lax attitude towards foreigners were strengthened after the Yi-led An Lushan Rebellion (755–763), which propelled the Tang into terminal decline. An intellectual movement "to return to the pure... sources of orthodox thought and morality", such as by writing in Guwen, also targeted "foreign" religions, as in Han Yu's diatribe against Buddhism. Emperor Wenzong of Tang passed decrees in line with this zeitgeist, especially restricting Iranian religions and Southeast Asians, but this policy was relaxed by his successors.
Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms.
The "Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms" was a period in which the north of China was ruled by a non-Chinese people, the Shatuo, for three short-lived dynasties and the south ruled by Chinese. Their legitimacy was recognized by the Song Dynasty.
Song Dynasty.
The Chinese Song Dynasty saw both an economic boom and non-Chinese states, such as the Liao, intruding on China's territory. As states such as the Khitan Liao and Tangut Xi Xia took over territories inhabited by large numbers of Chinese, they too asserted that they were Chinese and successors to the Tang Dynasty. The Song also had to deal with legitimacy issues that several of the northern states that the Song state were continued from were ruled by Shatuo, who were non-Chinese.
Song scholars asserted two notions: firstly, they argued that groups like the Shatuo, who largely continued the rule of the Tang, were not "barbarian" but Chinese, so that the Song were descended from dynasties that were "Hua" or Chinese. Secondly, the Song asserted that the Liao (遼) and Xi Xia (西夏), and later the Jin (金), were barbarian states despite their control of large areas of Chinese territory, because they had not inherited any mandate from a legitimate dynasty that was "Hua" and not "Yi."
Yuan Dynasty.
This conflict over the legitimacy of the Song-era states rose up again in the Yuan dynasty, as the rulers were non-Han-Chinese themselves. The Yuan dynasty took a different view than the Song. The Yuan argued that the Song, Liao and Jin were all legitimate; therefore all three dynasties were given their own history, as recognition of their legitimacy.
The Yuan engaged in racial segregation and divided society into four categories:
In addition, the Yuan also divided society into 10 castes, based on "desirability":
Mongol rule, viewed as barbaric and humiliating for the Chinese, did not last long in China (from 1271 to 1368).
On the other hand, according to Fudan University historian Yao Dali, even the supposedly "patriotic" hero Wen Tianxiang of the late Song and early Yuan period did not believe the Mongol rule to be illegitimate. In fact, Wen was willing to live under Mongol rule as long as he was not forced to be a Yuan dynasty official, out of his loyalty to the Song dynasty. Yao explains that Wen chose to die in the end because he was forced to become a Yuan official. So, Wen chose death due to his loyalty to his dynasty, not because he viewed the Yuan court as a non-Chinese, illegitimate regime and therefore refused to live under their rule. Yao also says that many Chinese who were living in the Yuan-Ming transition period also shared Wen's beliefs of identifying with and putting loyalty towards one's dynasty above racial/ethnic differences. Many Han Chinese writers did not celebrate the collapse of the Mongols and the return of the Han Chinese rule in the form of the Ming dynasty government at that time. Many Han Chinese actually chose not to serve in the new Ming court at all due to their loyalty to the Yuan. Some Han Chinese also committed suicide on behalf of the Mongols as a proof of their loyalty. These things show that many times, pre-modern Chinese did view culture (and sometimes politics) rather than race and ethnicity as the dividing line between the Chinese and the non-Chinese. In many cases, the non-Chinese could and did become the Chinese and vice versa, especially when there was a change in culture.
Ming Dynasty.
In 1368, Zhu Yuanzhang proclaimed the Ming Dynasty and issued a long manifesto, in which he accused the Mongols of being barbarians who had usurped the Chinese thrones, and who had committed atrocities such as rape and massacre. He lists incidents where the Mongols massacred men in entire villages and entitled themselves to the women. His Northern expedition was quickly successful; Beijing was captured in the same year and China was again governed by Han Chinese.
Although the Ming referred to the preceding Yuan as "胡元", or barbarian Yuan, they also accepted the Yuan before them as a legitimate dynasty. In fact, in contrast to what was said in the previous paragraph, Zhu Yuanzhang also indicated on another occasion that he was happy to be born in the Yuan period and that the Yuan did legitimately receive the Mandate of Heaven to rule over China. In addition, one of his key advisors, Liu Ji, generally supported the idea that while the Chinese and the non-Chinese are different, they are actually equal. Liu was therefore arguing against the idea that Hua was and is superior to Yi.
During the Miao Rebellions (Ming Dynasty), the Ming dynasty forces engaged in massive slaughter of Miao people and other native ethnic groups to southern China, after castrating Miao boys to use as eunuch slaves, Chinese soldiers took Miao women as wives and colonized the southern provinces.
Towards the end of the Ming dynasty, Ming dynasty loyalists invoked Hua-Yi zhi bian to urge the Chinese to resist the Manchu invaders.
Qing dynasty.
The Qing dynasty took a longer time to unify China, because many Chinese viewed them as barbarian invaders despite their claims to the contrary. The Qing order that all subjects of the Qing shave their forehead and braid the rest of their hair into a queue was viewed as a symbolic gesture of servitude by many Han Chinese, who thought that changing their dress to the same as barbarians would be contrary to the spirit of "Hua-Yi zhi bian."
Scholar Lü Liuliang (1629–1683), who lived through the transition between the Ming and the Manchu-led Qing dynasty, refused to serve the new dynasty because he claimed that upholding the difference between Huaxia and barbarians was more important than respecting the righteous bond between minister (臣) and sovereign (君王). In 1728, a failed examination candidate called Zeng Jing (曾靜), who had been influenced by Lü's works, called for the overthrow of the Manchu regime. The Yongzheng Emperor (r. 1723–1735), whom Zeng had accused of ten major crimes, took this event as an opportunity to educate the Qing's Chinese subjects. In a series of discussions with Zeng Jing that historian Jonathan Spence recounts in "Treason by the Book", the emperor proclaimed that the Chinese were not inherently superior to the barbarians. To justify his statements, he declared that King Wen, the sage king and the founder of the Zhou dynasty, was a person of Western Yi origin, but this did not hurt King Wen's greatness. The Yongzheng Emperor also borrowed from Han Yu, indicating that Yi can become Hua and vice versa. In addition, according to Yongzheng, both Hua and Yi were now a part of the same family under the Qing. One of the goals of the tract "Dayi juemi lu" (大義覺迷錄), which the Yongzheng Emperor published and distributed throughout the empire in 1730, was "to undermine the credibility of the hua/yi distinction." Fearful that this tract would only feed resistance to the Qing, Yongzheng's successor the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1736–1796) recalled the tracts and had them burned.
During the Qing, the Qing destroyed writings that criticized the Liao, Jin and Yuan out of the Hua–Yi distinction.
The leaders of the Taiping rebellion issued a long proclamation based on Zhu Yuanzhang's denuciation of the Mongols and accused the Manchu of similar crimes. A popular slogan for rebellion in the Qing was "Overthrow the Qing, revive the Ming" (反清復明).
Sun Yat-sen also used the Hua–Yi distinction to justify the overthrow of the Qing dynasty.
However, it is also true that during the Qing Dynasty, the rulers of China adopted Confucian philosophy and Han Chinese institutions to show that the Manchu rulers had received the Mandate of Heaven to rule China, while at the same time trying to retain their own indigenous culture. Due to the Manchus' adoption of Han Chinese culture, most Han Chinese (though not all) did accept the Manchus as the legitimate rulers of China.
Republic of China.
Following the overthrow of the Qing, rumors have it that Sun Yat-sen went to the grave of Zhu Yuanzhang and told him that the Huaxia had been restored and the barbarians overthrown. However, after the ROC revolution, Sun also advocated that all ethnic groups in China are now a part of the same ethnic Chinese family.
People's Republic of China.
The PRC did not abide by the concept of "Hua Yi zhi bian" and recognized the Qing and Yuan as legitimate dynasties. Initially, the CPC condemned all Chinese dynasties as "Feudal oppressors".
Hua-Yi zhi bian is only an intellectual issue in academic discussions these days. It also has very little practical and real significance. In fact, both of these things have been true since the founding of the ROC till the present day.
Conceptualization of the Hua-Yi distinction in non-Chinese states.
Japan.
In the second unsuccessful Mongol invasion of Japan in 1281 CE, 20–30,000 prisoners were taken but only 10,000 Southern Song Chinese were spared. The Japanese separated the Song troops who had recently surrendered to the Mongols from the other prisoners, called them "Men of Tang", and enslaved them. On the other hand, the Northern Han Chinese, Khitan, Jur'chens, Koreans, and Mongols who had been living in the Mongol Empire for a century, were executed.
Korea.
After the Manchus conquered Ming Dynasty in 1644 and established the Qing Dynasty, the Joseon Koreans often called themselves "Sojunghwa" which, translates into "Small China". They showed solidarity and thoughtfulness to the citizens of Ming, rather than their now new rulers of the Qing dynasty through this stance. As Korea is often closely linked to previous Han Chinese civilizations and dynasties through writing and other cultural understandings, the concept of the "barbarians" now ruling China was a strong issue. This was especially as the foreign relations between the two countries were extremely close throughout history. These acts of closeness and understanding were shown throughout the Ming Dynasty in various involvements.
As the Ming dynasty came to be overthrown by the Manchus, Korea itself was worried of similar invasions and its own security from threats. This was due to previous instances in which Ming Chinese primarily aided Korea's independence such as in the Imjin Wars.
Long after the establishment of the Qing dynasty, the Joseon ruling elite and even the Joseon government continued to use the Chongzhen era name (Chinese:崇祯年号, :ja:崇禎紀元) of the last Ming emperor. Continually in secret, they referred to the Manchu Emperor as the "barbarian ruler" and Qing ambassadors as "barbarian ambassadors". Korean feelings diplomatically, about the Manchu, could not be expressed as the "Barbarians" essentially held great power over Korea following their successful attacks and invasions in the Manchu campaigns of 1627 and 1637.
Its once great ally within the Ming dynasty was no more and acceptance to the power of Qing and essentially the Barbarians, had to be shown in its governance. In the future, the Qing government would, with its Manchu leadership, assert more power over Korea and influence its policies. This would eventually lead Korea into a Hermit Kingdom. This was to prevent foreign influence in a land the Qing government viewed as close to home and a to assert authority only from China, and not western powers especially during the Opium Wars.
Vietnam.
After the 18th century, after the devastating Tay Son wars, The ruling Nguyen dynasty consolidated its power by adopting a more radical Confucian worldview, With its territory expanded to its largest extend, the country came to clash with the Khmer and Lao kingdoms and various tribes on the Tay Nguyen highlands such as the Jarai and the Ma. In 1805, the Emperor Gia Long referred to Vietnam as "trung quốc", the "middle kingdom". In 1811, Gia Long proposed a law ""Hán di hữu hạn"", which means "making clear the border between the Vietnamese and barbarians", referring to the Vietnamese as Han people. Cambodia was regularly called "Cao Man", the country of "upper barbarians".
External influences.
Christianity.
At the end of the 1813, Robert Morrison's translated Bible was published in Malacca (in what is now Malaysia); it is believed to be the world's first published Bible in the Chinese language. The same version was reputed to have been used by the Taiping Rebellion's leader Hong Xiuquan, who eventually used ideas borrowed from the Chinese Bible and staged a massive anti-Manchu military campaign originating in racial hatred.
Hong Xiuquan studied Christianity under Morrison for two months, but Morrison refused to baptize Hong. Not satisfied by calling Manchus "barbarians" as commonly implied in Hua-Yi zibian debate, Hong went one step further by calling the Manchus "devil", as in the term "anti-Christ" in the Bible, at the same time he made claim that he was the brother of Christ, and so another Son of God.

</doc>
<doc id="20756317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756317" title="ConvaTec">
ConvaTec

ConvaTec is a developer and marketer of medical devices with four business units – Ostomy Care, Wound Therapeutics, Continence and Critical Care and Infusion Devices. ConvaTec is one of the largest companies in its industryThe company has more than 7,000 employees in over 90 countries. In August 2008, ConvaTec, with backing from two private equity firms, Nordic Capital and Avista Capital Partners, created an independent enterprise. 
The name ConvaTec comes from Convalescent Technology.
In LinkedIn there is a closed group (members-only) dedicated to past and present employees of ConvaTec.
History:

</doc>
<doc id="20756318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756318" title="Dorchester County Courthouse and Jail">
Dorchester County Courthouse and Jail

Dorchester County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse building located at Cambridge, the county seat of Dorchester County, Maryland. It is an Italianate influenced, painted brick structure, which was enlarged and extensively remodeled with Georgian Revival decorative detailing in the 1930s. The building entrance is flanked on the north by a three-story tower. It was constructed in 1853, and is the only courthouse designed by Richard Upjohn in Maryland.
The County Jail, which stood to the southeast of the courthouse from about 1882 until its demolition in 1994, was a Queen Anne and Romanesque Revival style granite structure with brick and terra cotta features. The jail was the work of the Baltimore architect, Charles L. Carson.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20756323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756323" title="Francis Hughes-Hallett">
Francis Hughes-Hallett

Francis Charles Hughes-Hallett (1838–1903) was the Royal Artillery officer and Conservative politician who represented Rochester in the British House of Commons. He investigated one of the cases linked to Jack the Ripper murders, and was damaged politically by a personal scandal.
Hughes-Hallet was the son of Charles Madras Hughes-Hallett and his wife Emma Mary Roberts. He became a Colonel in the Royal Artillery. In 1885 he was elected as MP for Rochester. In 1888 he was involved in the investigation of the murder of Martha Tabram in Whitechapel. However a personal scandal led to his being hounded by the press and shunned by his parliamentary colleagues and he stood down from his seat in 1889.
Hughes-Hallett married Catherine Rosalie Greene, the widow of Sir Charles Jasper Selwyn, in 1871 and they had three children. She died in 1875. In 1882, he married Emilie Page von Schaumberg from Philadelphia, the daughter of James von Schaumberg and Caroline Page. She was a brilliant belle, but the marriage ran into difficulties. In 1887 Hughes-Hallet was caught in liaison with his stepdaughter. There was a lengthy divorce battle and Emilie left husband on 1 August 1890, moving to Dinard in France. In 1893 Hughes-Hallet was seeking financial entitlement under his marriage settlement.
Hughes Hallet was represented in a Vanity Fair print of 18 December 1886 by Ape as Statesmen No. 508.

</doc>
<doc id="20756329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756329" title="Boylesports.com Hurdle">
Boylesports.com Hurdle

The Boylesports.com Hurdle is a National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Leopardstown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are eight hurdles to be jumped. It is a handicap race, and it is scheduled to take place each year in January.
The present race has evolved from the Irish Sweeps Hurdle, an event which was first run in 1969. This was one of several races which contributed to the Irish Hospitals' Sweepstake, a scheme to help fund investment in Ireland's health service. Thousands of tickets were sold to the public, and each was allocated with the name of a horse due to run in a particular race. The tickets corresponding to the winning horse could yield a substantial dividend. The Irish Sweeps Hurdle initially took place at Fairyhouse, and it was then transferred to Leopardstown in 1971. In its early years the race took place in December, and prior to becoming a handicap it served as a major trial for the Champion Hurdle.
A second phase of the race's history began in 1987, when it became known as the Ladbroke Hurdle. This event was run at Leopardstown each year in January until 2000, but it was then switched to a different venue, Ascot in Great Britain. Since 2001 this has been the usual venue of the Ladbroke Hurdle, and the race is now scheduled to be run in December. 
The Pierse Hurdle, named after its sponsor Pierse Contracting Ltd, was introduced at Leopardstown in January 2001. It had an identical format to that of the "Ladbroke", and it was in effect a continuation of the same event. The race was sponsored by MCR Group in 2010 and 2011, and Boylesports bookmakers took over the sponsorship from 2012
Winners.
Note: Some sources may not regard the current race (2001–present) as a continuation of the Ladbroke Hurdle (1987–2000).

</doc>
<doc id="20756333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756333" title="Andrew Fenn">
Andrew Fenn

Andrew Fenn (born 1 July 1990) is a British cyclist, who rode for Scotland in the 2010 Commonwealth Games – road and rides for . He now lives in West Malling, Kent.
He is a former member of British Cycling's Olympic Academy. Fenn competed in many sports as a child but concentrated on cycling at 12 when he joined Welwyn Wheelers. In 2008 he won the junior version of Paris-Roubaix.
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games, Fenn – who was qualified to ride for Scotland as his mother was Scottish-born – finished 14th in the men's road time trial.
His first year riding as a professional was in 2011, in which he claimed two victories and the bronze medal in the under-23 Road World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20756344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756344" title="Spensonia">
Spensonia

Spensonia is a fictional Utopian country created by the English author and political reformer Thomas Spence. Spence laid out his ideas about Spensonia in a series of literary works published in the late 18th century:
Spence issued these works in several editions, creating a complex bibliography. Since he also developed and advocated his own scheme of language reform, he released his Spensonian works in both standard spelling texts and in his own Spensonian alphabet.
Spence's utopian writings are significant in that he was the first to apply Enlightenment ideas about democracy and majority rule to the genre, and also the first to attempt a utopian response to the Industrial Revolution. Spence's utopian works "were directed explicitly at the major institutions, economic and political, of the time. In so doing he provided the model of most future utopias."
Plot.
Spence united these utopian writings with a frame story about shipwrecked English mariners. When a ship carrying English merchant brothers is stranded on a remote island, the brothers decide to take the arrangement they had aboard ship, the "Marine Constitution" given to them by their father, and apply it to their life on land; and so they create a commonwealth of collective ownership. The land of the island is the property of the collective, and individuals rent it for their own uses. They organize their own democratic government to manage their new social system.
Their society thrives and flourishes. Men and women are equal. Spensonia maintains cordial relations with other republics, and extends political asylum to refugees from tyranny. There is an official religion, a sort of vague deism, though all other religions are tolerated.
News of the island of Spensonia is brought back to England by a figure named Captain Swallow.

</doc>
<doc id="20756346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756346" title="HTC Touch 3G">
HTC Touch 3G

The HTC Touch 3G is a Windows Mobile smartphone developed by the High Tech Computer Corporation of Taiwan. Part of the HTC Touch Family, it features quad band GSM and dual band UMTS connectivity, as well as the proprietary TouchFLO 3D user interface developed by HTC.
Specifications.
The following specifications are those found on the HTC website.

</doc>
<doc id="20756352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756352" title="Commonwealth Railways NSU class">
Commonwealth Railways NSU class

The NSU class were a class of diesel locomotives built by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company for Commonwealth Railways for use on the Central and North Australia Railways in 1954/55.
History.
By the end of World War II, the Commonwealth Railways were operating a ragged and worn out collection of rollingstock on their Central and North and Trans-Australian lines. Some of the narrow gauge locomotives were fifty or more years old, and the rolling stock not much the younger. Federal Minister for Fuel, Shipping & Transport George McLeay, made recommendations to Cabinet in 1950, to upgrade the Commonwealth Railway's fleet of both narrow and standard gauge locomotives and rollingstock.
In 1950 a tenders was issued for 14 diesel locomotives for the 1067mm narrow gauge lines. In 1951 a contract was awarded to the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company. Initial test runs were conducted over British Railways tracks in Birmingham on 24 February 1954 with the locomotive mounted on one of two sets of standard gauge bogies.
In Service.
The first to arrive was NSU52 on 10 May 1954 at Port Adelaide, it was used for crew training. It was followed by NSU51 on 20 May 1954. Still temporarily mounted on standard gauge bogies, on 12 June 1954 NSU51 was unveiled at Port Augusta with a pair of plates bearing the name of the then Federal Minister for Fuel, Shipping & Transport George McLeay. The locomotive then worked a trip to Bookaloo (68 kilometres) and return for dignitaries and guests.
On 26 June 1954 NSUs 51 and 52 worked the first northbound diesel hauled Ghan into Alice Springs conveniently timed to coincide with a visit of Prime Minister, Robert Menzies. The last of the class was commissioned in August 1955.
Minor faults with voltage regulators and air and oil filtration systems were quickly rectified, and the class went on to earn a reputation as an efficient and robust unit. It was initially planned to the new locomotives would be able to complete a 1,370 kilometre round trip from Oodnadatta to Alice Springs on one tank of fuel. This proved to be impractical and a 91,000 litre fuel tank was installed at Alice Springs.
Though NSU54 did work on the standard gauge for some months between Port Augusta and Port Pirie during 1954, following that period the fleet worked out of Port Augusta on the narrow gauge. Following the conversion of the Central Australia Railway from Port Augusta to Marree to standard gauge in 1957, two were transferred to the North Australia Railway operating out of Darwin. Over the next 17 years locomotives would be periodically swapped between the two lines.
In July 1975 all were included in the transfer of Commonwealth Railways to Australian National. The NSU class remained intact until the replacement of the narrow gauge Central Australian Railway in 1980 with two transferred to Gladstone for use on the Wilmington line and one to Peterborough for use on the Quorn line. A few saw service with contractors removing the closed Central Australian Railway. The last was withdrawn in 1987.
Preservation.
All of the class have survived. However, only two are currently operational, NSU52 and 58.
Livery.
The class spent their entire lives in Commonwealth Railways maroon and silver.

</doc>
<doc id="20756355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756355" title="History of VFX in Indian Films">
History of VFX in Indian Films

The History of VFX in Indian Films dates back to the silent era. At the same time as hollywood films were experimenting and executing VFX, India had also closely followed and caught on. Dada Saheb Phalke's silent movie Kaliamardhan in the year 1919 is one such example with amazing work. Later came movies like Paadhala Bhairavi and Maya Bazaar which took VFX to greater heights. With the advent of Computer Graphics in hollywood in the 1970s Indian films yearned to similar work and in the 1980s India's first Computer graphics facilities came up led by Prasad Video Digital which later gave birth to Prasad EFX who imported the first film scanners and recorders to India and thus pioneered the digital image revolution in India. The recent film "Krrish" had hollywood vfx supervisor Craig Mumma and was completely executed in India by Prasad EFX.
f your jaw dropped on seeing the latest James Bond film Skyfall, the credit doesn't go just to Q, but also to visual effects (VFX) artists from India who ensured that the film's many spectacles had audiences in thrall. Yes , today, many Indian VFX and animation studios are working on Hollywood films turning pixels into phenomenon. Visual effects designer V Srinivas Mohan,Karthik Kotamraju,Anish Khurana and many more men behind the technical wizardry in Endhiran,Maattrraan,Krish,Ra-one , feels that while many VFX companies and Jeremy Lee , subject area lead and senior lecturer in film, visual effects and animation, Sheffield Hallam University, UK, speaks to Tirna Ray on how the world of visual effects is transforming. A recent report indicates that the current size of the animation and special effects industry is US$ 247 million with a per annum growth rate of 20%. A Master's programme in this area is on offer at Sheffield Hallam University, UK, which aims to equip students with skills to work professionally in the global animation...

</doc>
<doc id="20756361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756361" title="Ridgeton Farm">
Ridgeton Farm

Ridgeton Farm is a historic home located at Taylor's Island, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is an Italianate style, two story home built about 1857-1860 by the local architect Fred Ridgeton, who was quite unknown in the region. The house features a hip roof with a center gable, a widow's walk, and two huge interior chimneys. The property also includes a complex of 19th century barn and sheds.
Ridgeton Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20756368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756368" title="2009 ITU Triathlon World Cup">
2009 ITU Triathlon World Cup

The 2009 ITU Triathlon World Cup was a series of triathlon races organised by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) for elite-level triathletes to be held during the 2009 season. For 2009, five races were announced as part of the World Cup series. Each race was held over a distance of 1500 m swim, 40 km cycle, 10 km run (an Olympic-distance triathlon). Alongside a prize purse, points were awarded at each race contributing towards the overall ITU Triathlon World Championships point totals; which was a change in format to the World Cup series of prior years. The number of world cup races in 2009 were reduced as the ITU shifted focus to the Championship Series.

</doc>
<doc id="20756379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756379" title="Logic built-in self-test">
Logic built-in self-test

Logic built-in self-test (or LBIST) is a form of built-in self-test (BIST) in which hardware and/or software is built into integrated circuits allowing them to test their own operation, as opposed to reliance on external automated test equipment.
Advantages.
The main advantage of LBIST is the ability to test internal circuits having no direct connections to external pins, and thus unreachable by external automated test equipment. Another advantage is the ability to trigger the LBIST of an integrated circuit while running a built-in self test or power-on self test of the finished product.
Disadvantages.
LBIST that requires additional circuitry (or read-only memory) increases the cost of the integrated circuit. LBIST that only requires temporary changes to programmable logic or rewritable memory avoids this extra cost, but requires more time to first program in the BIST and then to remove it and program in the final configuration. Another disadvantage of LBIST is the possibility that the on-chip testing hardware itself can fail; external automated test equipment tests the integrated circuit with known-good test circuitry.
Related technologies.
Other, related technologies are MBIST (a BIST optimized for testing internal memory) and ABIST (either a BIST optimized for testing arrays or a BIST that is optimized for testing analog circuitry). The two uses may be distinguished by considering whether the integrated circuit being tested has an internal array or analog functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20756384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756384" title="Visayas State University">
Visayas State University

The Visayas State University is a premier university in the Philippines located at the city Baybay, Leyte, Philippines. It is one of the leading universities in Southeast Asia for research in agriculture. The five-campus VSU system has ten colleges, three institutes and one school. Located in the main campus are the College of Veterinary Medicine, College of Engineering, College of Education, College of Forestry and Natural Resources, College of Arts and Science, College of Nursing, College of Management and Economics, College of Nursing, College of Agriculture, Institute of Strategic Research and Development Studies, and the Graduate School and Special Programs.
Visayas State University is the only university in the Visayas acknowledged by the Philippine Department of Tourism as a tourist destination because of its diverse flora and fauna bounding the mainland and sea from side to side. With Mount Pangasugan and the Camotes Sea as VSU's backdrop, it makes the university distinctive from any other colleges and universities in the region. VSU administration is currently promoting the school as a "Resort University" for it has resorts, seafront suites, cottages, and bungalows catering to visitors and tourists coming over to the university.
The Main Campus has an Open University which takes care of the distance education program. Its external campuses which are located in the different parts of Leyte are the College of Fisheries (VSU-Tolosa Campus), College of Industrial Technology (VSU-Isabel Campus), College of Environmental and Agricultural Technology (VSU-Alangalang Campus), College of Education and Agricultural Technology (VSU-Villaba Campus).
It continues to specialize in agricultural research and education, including work in jatropha propagation for the production of biofuel and development of a dwarf macapuno coconut and root-crops, particularly, sweet potato, cassava and yam. The university also hosts a program on rain forestation, making VSU as the only school in the Visayas to be labeled as a "Dark Green School" by the Environmental Education Network of the Philippines.
Programs are available in Agro-Industry, Information Technology, Hospitality Management, Tropical Ecology, Veterinary Medicine, Forestry, Fishery, and Food Science and Technology.
The 1,099-hectare campus hosts 193 buildings composed of academic departments, research and trainings centers, staff and student housing facilities and other vital structures.
The University is home to faculty and academic staff obtaining most of their local and international recognitions in research and development, 92 of whom are Ph. D. degree holders, 110 MS degree holders and 72 BS degree holders from reputable colleges and universities here and abroad.
VSU and Mount Pangasugan.
VSU is located on one of the last remaining virgin rain forests in the Philippines.
A study by VSU 
found many animal species listed by the World Conservation Union in the Red List of Threatened Animals (IUCN Red List), including the Philippine tarsier, Philippine flying fox, Fischer’s pygmy fruit bat. New records of the microbat (Hypposideros obscurus), with a length of 5.5 centimeters and body weight of 10 grams, a type of skink (Tropidophorus grayh), and two new species of the fish Goblidae (Stiphodon olivaceous and Stiphodon surrufus) were also found by the VSU survey.
VSU’s Natural History Museum collected 43,000 arthropod specimens from 377 families and 500 genera on Mt. Pangasugan. A new species of orchid ("Dendrobium milaniae") and a tiger beetle ("Thopeutica milaniae") were named in honor of the former incumbent VSU president Dr. Paciencia Po-Milan, a renowned ecologist.
Other endemic species include the eagle-owl, Philippine hawk-eagle, Rufous Lord kingfisher, Philippine leafbird and miniature tit-babbler and flying lemur.
The Federal Republic of Germany (through the ViSCA-GTZ Applied Tropical EcologyProgranl, ViSCA, Baybay, Leyte, Philippines International) funded the VSU study to collect, identify, describe and document the existing species of aroids (Araceae) and orchids in Mt. Pangasugan. 25 species of aroids representing 12 genera were documented at
elevations of up to 350 m ASL. Classified as erect ground dwellers or climbers, the most dominant aroid belong
to Pothos and Epipremnum. The orchid species represent 16 genera, with the most dominant belonging to Phalaenopsis.
The Herpetofauna (herps) of Anibong, Jordan, Mt. Pangasugan Range, Leyte is a habitat to endemic species, which is so diverse and slightly distributed. The Mindanao State University - Iligan Institute of Technology identified 17 herpetofaunal species belonging to 6 families (Ranidae, Rhacophoridae, Agamidae, Scincidae, Colubridae, Viperidae), of which eight (47%) are endemics (Endemism). These endemic species include Limnonectes magnus, Platymantis corrugatus, Platymantis dorsalis, Brachymeles samarensis, Draco lineatus, Sphenomorphus jagori, Rhabdophis lineate and Trimeresurus flavomaculatus. Limnonectes magnus is already in the near-threatened category.

</doc>
<doc id="20756386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756386" title="RMK Residential School">
RMK Residential School

RMK Residential School is an international co-educational boarding school situated at Kavaraipettai in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 
The school is 35 kilometers by road from Chennai. It was founded in 2007 by R.S.Munirathinam. The school accepts students from standards (grades) 5-12 and is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). At its establishment, it was announced that it would be the first to offer both Central syllabus CBSE and the International General Certificate of Secondary Education course IGCSE.
In addition to academics, the school offers sports and other activities including Go-karting, horse riding, billiards, swimming,tennis, football, basketball, volleyball, table tennis, cricket, chess, yoga, music and art.
RMK Residential School has an MoU with Bowen Secondary School, Singapore for a School Twinning Program. As per the Program, both schools would have an exchange of students and teachers every year.
The school is headed by principal R Ravichandran.

</doc>
<doc id="20756392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756392" title="K. B. Fletcher Mill">
K. B. Fletcher Mill

K. B. Fletcher Mill is a historic grist mill located at East New Market, Dorchester County, Maryland. It was constructed in the 1850s, originally as a two story, gable-roofed structure. Around 1900 a third floor was added to the main structure and a gable-roofed addition was built. The mill retains a wide variety of milling equipment dating from the 1850s to the early 20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20756394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756394" title="Fred Hochberg">
Fred Hochberg

Fred P. Hochberg is an American businessman who has played leadership roles in government, non-profit and academic organizations. He is currently chairman and president of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, having been appointed in January 2009 and confirmed in May 2009. He was a fundraiser for the campaign of Barack Obama for President and a member of the Obama transition team. He has also contributed opinion pieces and commentaries to a number of news outlets. He previously served as acting administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA) in the Clinton Administration.
Under his leadership in FY 2012, Ex-Im Bank for the fourth straight year set export finance records in a number of key areas. Overall financing for the first time exceeded $35.7 billion in authorizations, including nearly $10 billion in fossil fuel projects. The Bank worked with more than 3,400 U.S. companies, 85 percent of which were small businesses. Ex-Im financing has helped support hundreds of thousands of jobs over the last four years.
During Hochberg's tenure, the Bank has increased its focus on customers, both foreign buyers and U.S. exporters. It is seeking new markets for U.S. goods and services in emerging economies with growing infrastructure needs, including Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Turkey, India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Nigeria and South Africa. Hochberg has also worked to expand the global footprint of key domestic industries in which U.S. exporters have a comparative advantage. These include fossil fuel, construction and farm machinery, medical technology, agriculture, and avionics. Hochberg’s support for record-breaking levels of fossil fuel projects has led to sustained criticism from environmental organizations. In addition, he has streamlined processes, cut transaction times and introduced new financial products.
Education and academic career.
Hochberg received his B.A. from New York University and an MBA from Columbia before attending the executive leadership program of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. He was in December 2003 appointed Dean of the Milano The New School for Management and Urban Policy, a post he left in late 2008.
Business career.
Hochberg began his business career managing his mother's mail order business, the Lillian Vernon Corporation, which he developed over the next 20 years into a publicly traded direct marketing corporation described by Forbes as "one of the great success stories of American entrepreneurship." He is listed as of 2008 as a director of Fusion Telecommunications International, Incorporated,
Hochberg has been dedicated to community service and philanthropic involvement in civil rights, education and the arts. He recently sat on the boards of the Citizens' Budget Commission, FINCA International (an international lending institution) and Seedco, a company that provides financial, technical, and management support to nonprofits and small businesses in disadvantaged communities. He was also, in 2008, a member of the Board of Commissioners of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Political career.
In 1998 Hochberg became deputy administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA), later becoming the organization's acting administrator. He remained in the post at the SBA until January 2001, serving also on US President Bill Clinton's Management Council.
Hochberg was a bundler of contributions for the Obama campaign; some bundlers collected $500,000 for the campaign.
Hochberg was an Agency Review team leader for the SBA on then-President-elect Barack Obama's transition team.
President Obama nominated Hochberg to be Chairman and President of Ex-Im Bank on April 20, 2009. The U.S. Senate confirmed his nomination by unanimous consent on May 14, 2009, for a term ending on January 20, 2013. He was sworn in on May 21, 2009.
Press reports had suggested Hochberg might be chosen as Obama's Secretary of Commerce, becoming the first openly LBGT member of the US Cabinet, but ABC News reported on January 9, 2009 that Hochberg would instead be appointed chair of the Export-Import Bank, which finances the sale of US exports. Today as head of Ex-Im Bank, Hochberg is one of the most senior openly gay members of the Obama Administration.
Personal life.
Hochberg is a native of the greater New York metropolitan area. He has served as chair of the Human Rights Campaign, a prominent lesbian and gay rights group. In the April 2007 issue of "Out Magazine" he was ranked the 15th most powerful gay person in America. He lives with his partner, the writer Tom Healy.
He has also served on the boards of Playwrights Horizon and the Wolfsonian Art Museum, and on the Democratic National Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20756403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756403" title="Gorenja Ravan">
Gorenja Ravan

Gorenja Ravan (in older sources also "Zgornja Ravan", ) is a settlement in the hills north of Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20756411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756411" title="Breath of Life (1991 film)">
Breath of Life (1991 film)

Breath of Life (1991) is a BAFTA Award-nominated British short film directed by Navin Thapar, written by Nasser Memarzia and Kulvinder Ghir, with Amir Korangy and Moshe Ivgy as the lead actors. The film depicts a group of prisoners of conscience that have forged strong emotional bonds and share seemingly trivial aspirations in order to cling on to some semblance of hope, defiance and collective survival.

</doc>
<doc id="20756416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756416" title="Veduga River">
Veduga River

The Veduga River () is a tributary of the Don River, flowing through the northwestern corner of Voronezh Oblast in Russia. It is meandering, narrow (never wider than 15 meters), and shallow (never deeper than 3 meters). There are settlements almost continuously along its banks; the nearest large town is Semiluki.

</doc>
<doc id="20756422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756422" title="Stadionul Viitorul">
Stadionul Viitorul

Viitorul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Scorniceşti. It is the home ground of FC Olt Scorniceşti. It holds 18,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20756427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756427" title="Seibu Tamako Line">
Seibu Tamako Line

The is a 9.2 km single-track railway line in Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway.
The line is part of the Seibu Shinjuku group of railway lines and connects suburban areas of western Tokyo to Seibu and JR East main lines that run to central Tokyo. The line is named after the , a major reservoir supplying water to Tokyo, located close to the terminus of the line at . Since July 2008, recorded announcements on trains have been provided in English in addition to Japanese and, as part of Seibu Railway's ongoing refurbishment programme, signage and maps at stations are also bilingual.
Operation.
All services on this line operate as all-stations services, and this line is run mainly as a shuttle service between and stations. The journey takes 7 minutes and is served by two trains running back and forth every 10 minutes between these stations (although services after 10 p.m. are less frequent). The line is single track and except at , Hagiyama station, and a passing place located between Kokubunji and Hitotsubashi-Gakuen stations. Routinely, the services in operation pass each other at Hitotsubashi-Gakuen station, with the first train waiting for the service in the opposite direction to clear the next section of track .
At peak times, a third train is also used on this track section, which usually operates as a through train to/from Seibu-Yūenchi station. This train will pass other services between Kokubunji and Hitotsubashi-Gakuen stations, and at Hitotsubashi-Gakuen station. These additional trains are stored in sidings to the north of Hagiyama station.
Other trains on the Seibu-Yūenchi to Hagiyama section operate as Seibu Shinjuku Line services, which continue past Hagiyama, terminating at Kodaira Station. These services are timed to connect with Kokubunji-bound trains at Hagiyama. At least one Seibu Tamako Line train per hour in both directions operates the full journey between Kokubunji and Seibu Yūenchi. At peak times, some services from Seibu-Yūenchi are coupled at Hagiyama station to trains from forming Seibu Shinjuku Line express trains to .
Connections.
This line connects the suburban Seibu lines with the JR Chūō line at Kokubunji. At Hagiyama, there is transfer to the Seibu Haijima Line and the Seibu Shinjuku Line. The Seibu Yamaguchi Line, also known as the Leo Liner, connects Seibu Yūenchi Station with Seibu Yūenchi amusement park and the Seibu Dome, home of the Saitama Seibu Lions baseball team. Some passengers alight at Ōmekaidō Station to make the short walk to Shin-Kodaira Station for connecting services on the JR Musashino Line.
The Tamako Line also provides access to the National Center of Neurology and Psychiatry and the International Campus of Hitotsubashi Gakuen University from Ōmekaidō and Hitotsubashi-Gakuen stations respectively.
History.
The former Tamako Railway was absorbed into the Seibu Railway system on 12 March 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20756429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756429" title="2008 Copa Libertadores Second Stage">
2008 Copa Libertadores Second Stage

The Second Stage of the 2008 Copa Santander Libertadores was a group stage. It was played from February 12 to April 23.
Format.
Twenty-six teams qualified directly into this round, plus six that advanced from the First Stage. This brings the total number of teams in the Second Stage to 32. The teams were drawn into eight groups of four. The teams in each group will play each other in a double round-robin format, playing the other teams in the group once at home and once away. Teams will be awarded 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss. The following criteria will be used for breaking ties on points:
The top two teams from each group advance to the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="20756432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756432" title="Duke of Chaulnes">
Duke of Chaulnes

The title of Duke of Chaulnes (), a French peerage, is held by the d'Albert family beginning in 1621.
History.
The Duchy of Chaulnes was established by a letters patent of January 1621, registered on 6 March 1621 at the Parliament of Paris in favour of a younger brother of Charles d'Albert, Duke of Luynes (1578–1621), Honoré d'Albert (1581–1649), Marshal of France in 1619, known as the Marshal de Cadenet. 
On January 14, 1620, he married Charlotte Eugénie d'Ailly who was the heir to a family holding the titles of Count of Chaulnes (created in December 1563), Vidame d'Amiens and Baron de Picquigny. The marriage contract stipulated that their heirs would take the name and arms of Ailly, which indeed happened; their children took the surname of d'Albert d'Ailly. 
The first Duke of Chaulnes had several sons; only one was married, however, and he himself sired only girls. He became the second duke, and when he died in 1653, lacking male progeny, the title passed to a minor who became the third Duke. In 1667, to avoid the title passing into disuse, the third duke, at the request of his mother, Charlotte d'Ailly, named his heir as the Duke of Chevreuse, second son of the Duke of Luynes. This was stipulated in the Duke of Chevreuse's marriage contract which also stipulated that the title would pass to the youngest child of the marriage and, in case the male line subsequently ended, to the youngest of that name who held the arms of the d'Albert family. Thus two distinct houses were created: Luynes, which the Duke of Chevreuse inherited from his father in 1688, and Chaulnes, which remained distinct and separate from the former until the direct line of inheritance came to an end. In that case, the two houses should be reunited until it was possible to separate them again.
Thus, at the time at which the first line of d'Albert d'Ailly ended with the death of the third Duke of Chaulnes in 1698, the Duchy of Chaulnes went to the Duke of Chevreuse, who in the meantime had become the Duke of Luynes. In 1694, he passed the duchy of Luynes to his eldest son Charles Honoré on the occasion of his marriage, and assigned the Duchy of Chaulnes to his younger son Charles Francis, Vidame Amiens, also on the occasion of his marriage in 1710. 
This transmission was confirmed by letters patent in October 1711, registered on 1 December 1711, which established Chaulnes as a duchy for the first time in favour of Charles Francis. Charles Honoré's son was killed in 1704 and it was his grandson Charles Philippe who inherited the duchy of Luynes. 
In 1732, the 4th Duke of Luynes, Charles Philippe, and the 4th Duke of Chaulnes, Louis Auguste, made an agreement whereby the former relinquished his rights over the duchy of Chaulnes, while the latter received confirmation which said that if the Duchy of Chaulnes should return to the house of Luynes, it would pass to the youngest child of that family, and then remain in the direct male line. 
In 1792, the title of Duke of Chaulnes returned to the Dukes of Luynes until 1852, at which time a third branch of the d'Albert d'Ailly family was founded which took the title of Duke of Chaulnes as a courtesy title. This line ended in 1980. 
The title is carried today as a courtesy title by a younger brother of the current Duke of Luynes.

</doc>
<doc id="20756435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756435" title="George Whitman (politician)">
George Whitman (politician)

George Whitman (born 1823) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1863 to 1867.
He was born in Rosette (later Round Hill, Nova Scotia), the son of Elnathan Whitman. In 1851, he married Clements Mary Arabella Boice. Whitman was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1867. He was named to the province's Legislative Council in 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="20756436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756436" title="Thomas Hassell">
Thomas Hassell

Thomas Hassell (born 21 December 1819) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Eynsford.
Hassell made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1847 season, against Sussex. From the tailend, he scored 9* in the first innings, and a single run in the second.
Hassell died in New Zealand on an unknown date.

</doc>
<doc id="20756437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756437" title="Cambridge Historic District, Wards I and III">
Cambridge Historic District, Wards I and III

Cambridge Historic District, Wards I and III is a national historic district in Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland. It is a large residential, commercial, and governmental area in the northwest section of the city. It consists of buildings from the late 18th through the mid 20th century. Residential building styles include Georgian, Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, and American Foursquare. The district includes the Italian Villa style courthouse designed by Richard Upjohn.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20756446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756446" title="Bikini Atoll (band)">
Bikini Atoll (band)

Bikini Atoll was a post-rock band formed in London, though Ché Albrighton is from Jugenheim, Germany, and Bastian Juel is from Denmark. The band was signed to the Bella Union label in 2004. They released two albums, "Moratoria" in 2004 and "Liar's Exit" in 2005.
History.
Joe Gideon (real name Gideon Joel Seifert) is the older brother of Viva Seifert. Viva competed at the Barcelona Olympic Games in 1992 as a rhythmic gymnast, competing in the qualifying rounds. Ché Albrighton is the son of Roye Albrighton, the guitarist and vocalist of 1970s prog rock band Nektar. Bastian Juel moved to the UK in 1998.
Though the band was fully formed in 1999, they didn't do any formal recording until 2002, between August and October, when they recorded the "Moratoria" album. This was mastered between December of that year and January 2003. They were noticed by, former Cocteau Twins member, Simon Raymonde and signed to his record label, Bella Union. The album received a positive review in "The Independent", being described as "...an awesome, soul-searching slice of sprawling Americana." and the Drowned in Sound website described the music as "...beautiful and deadly". The double-A-side release "Desolation Highway/Then Amplify" was runner up in "NME"'s Single of The Week; "Desolation Highway" was also used on the film My Little Eye.
"Liar's Exit" was recorded and mixed by Steve Albini in Chicago, between 7–20 September 2004. It was then released in June 2005, again gaining encouraging reviews in both "NME" and "Q Magazine". The single from this album, "Eve's Rib" was released in May 2005. After the release of this album, the band were invited to perform a session for Xfm.
Bikini Atoll disbanded in October 2006. The Seifert siblings formed Joe Gideon & the Shark. Ché Albrighton has played with Audioporn, Lynch Rider Lulu, and Clock Opera. Bastian Juel toured with Heather Nova.

</doc>
<doc id="20756447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756447" title="Gorenja Žetina">
Gorenja Žetina

Gorenja Žetina is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies at the foot of Mount Blegoš and is a somewhat popular starting point for hikes to its peak.

</doc>
<doc id="20756448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756448" title="Kheireddine Abdul Wahab">
Kheireddine Abdul Wahab

Kheireddine Abdul Wahab (1878–1944) was a Lebanese businessman and mayor of the city of El Mina, who played a pivotal role in the establishment of Lebanon's second largest harbor, at Tripoli, as well as founding the Piloting & Harboring company, which oversees present-day harbor activities.
Biography.
Abdul Wahab was born the son of a sailor in the northern city of El Mina, which was then known as Al-Askaleh, during the Ottoman rule. Wahab received little schooling, and became a foreman on the El Mina docks, where merchant ships used smaller, local boats to onload and offload cargo. This was a lengthy, and labor-intensive process, and Abdul Wahab, with the help of his brother Adel, and enjoying the advantage of having a large family, the Abdul Wahabs, came to dominate the El Mina harbour labour force during the first decade of the 20th century, seeing Kheireddine himself become the owner of the small loading boats, leveraging his labour advantage.
In 1914, with the World War I imminent, the importance of vital harbors became apparent. Kheireddine enjoyed good relations with the Ottomans at the time, and with political backing was the first, and to this day, the only man who leased one of Lebanon's islands, Cows island (today known as Abdul Wahab Island), as his ship construction site. This was the beginning of a long history of shipping, that extended between Cairo and Aleppo, branching out into commercial transport, import and export, in addition to the piloting and harboring business in El Mina.
By the end of the war and the inception of the French Mandate on Lebanon, Abdul Wahab had switched camps, and had helped Allied forces during the war through using his shipping business and in his status as a respected figure in the region. Among other tasks, he served as a proxy to assist the Allies in smuggling arms, ammunition and food behind enemy lines.
With the end of war in 1918, the French mandate modernized many outlets in Lebanon, one of which was the construction of the "Grumpk" key, as well as deepening the waters and the construction of a modern harbor in Tripoli, Lebanon, that still stands today. The project was contracted to a French corporation, which in turn subcontracted it to the local businesses, including Abdul Wahab's. The mandate then issued him the exclusive right of providing piloting, harboring, and fresh water supply services within Tripoli harbor waters.
The French mandate appointed Kheireddine Abdul Wahab as mayor of the newly established city of Al-Askaleh, a position which he held for 20 years until his death. In his later years, and after forming the Kheireddine and Adel Abdul Wahab Holding company, which at one point was a major owner of Al-Askaleh business and real estate, Abdul Wahab retired and took to philanthropy until his death in January 1944.
Legacy.
Khereddine Abdul Wahab was a shipping pioneer in Lebanon, but was also a visionary. His son Afif Abdul Wahab, went on to open up the first hospital in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia, his daughter Fadwa was one of the first female graduates of the American University of Beirut and became the president of the Lebanese Red Cross and his elder son Abdul Ghani, who took over his business, the Kheireddine Abdul Wahab & Sons, was a founding member of the North Lebanon Chamber of Commerce, to which he served on the board for 25 years, as well as serving as mayor of El Mina. His grandsons continued a string of achievements. Ramzi opened the first exhaust pipe industry in Saudi Arabia, Rida was one of the board members to plan the new Tripoli harbor expansion plan in 2004, which – as of late 2008 – is in the process of being implemented and Mounes Abdul Wahab, author and civil rights activist, pioneered the disabled rights movement in North Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="20756450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756450" title="Antti Hackzell">
Antti Hackzell

Antti Verner Hackzell (September 20, 1881 – January 14, 1946) was a Finnish politician from the National Coalition Party and Prime Minister of Finland in 1944.
Career.
Hackzell was the Governor of Viborg Province (1918–1920), the ambassador of Finland to the Soviet Union (1922–1927) and served as the deputy director (1930–1936) and director (1936–1945) of Finnish Employers Association. Hackzell was also the Minister of Foreign Affairs 1932-1936 in the cabinet of Toivo Kivimäki. 
In summer 1944 Hackzell was chosen to form a government with the goal of signing a peace treaty with Soviet Union. Hackzell suffered a stroke while on peace treaty negotiations in Moscow on 14 September, and he never recovered completely. His minister of foreign affairs, Carl Enckell, concluded the negotiations.
Family origins - member of the Bure kinship.
The Hackzell family name derives from the Hacksta family estate, located in Hacksta, Uppland in Sweden. Through Mårten Hackzell, the only child of the Uppland clergyman Andreas Hackzelius, and through Mårten's offspring, the Hackzell family spread to Norrland and Finland. 
Mårten Hackzell married to the culturally important and well-documented Scandinavian Bure kinship (Swedish: Bureätten) in Norrland, making all his future offspring - the present-day Hackzell family members - part of the Bure kinship. Mårten's wife, Anna Nilsdotter Plantin (1663-1741) from Luleå in Sweden, descended from the married couple of Anders Persson Grubb (1468-1543) and Mariet Margareta Jakobsdotter Bure (1473-1529). Mr. Grubb and his wife Mariet were both Bure kinship members and second cousins to each other, both descending from "Olof "Gamle Olof" Hersesson Bure" (1380-1460).

</doc>
<doc id="20756460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756460" title="Fiddlin' Doc Roberts">
Fiddlin' Doc Roberts

Fiddlin' Doc Roberts (April 26, 1897 - August 4, 1978) was an American Kentucky-style old-time fiddler.
Biography.
Dock Philipine Roberts was born and raised on a farm in Madison County, Kentucky and learned to play the fiddle at an early age with some help from his older brother Liebert. Doc's and Liebert's musical mentor was the African-American fiddler Owen Walker. After finishing his studies in Berea Roberts married in 1913. In 1925, a talent scout, Dennis Taylor, recruited Roberts along with Welby Toomey and Edgar Boaz as old time recording artists for Gennett Records. In early 1927, Roberts recorded with the string band, the "Booker Family". Together with Dick Parman and Ted Chestnut, he formed the "Kentucky Thorobreds". They recorded in April 1927 for the Paramount label.
In the fall of 1927, he formed a duo with Asa Martin called Martin & Roberts. They made their recording debut in May 1928 for the Gennett label. Between 1927-1934, the duo performed at fiddler's conventions, in schoolhouses, on vaudeville stages, and on radio (WHAS in Louisville, Kentucky). Martin & Roberts recorded altogether more than 200 sides on 11 different labels. Later on, with the addition of Doc Roberts' son James, the "Fiddlin' Doc Roberts Trio" was formed. In 1928, Roberts was hired, through the agency of Bradley Kincaid, by the National Barn Dance radio show in Chicago. He was paid $50 a week. After only two weeks he quit the show and moved back to Kentucky. The reason was that he was unable to sleep due to the noise of the big city. The Doc Roberts Trio lasted until 1934 when Roberts retired as a recording artist. During the next 4 decades, he continued to make personal appearances and occasional radio works. 
He died at the age of 81 in his hometown of Richmond.
Discography.
78s: 
In various prewar lineups Roberts recorded singles on Gennett and affiliated labels, ARC labels, and Paramount and affiliated labels.
Reissued material also appears on:

</doc>
<doc id="20756464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756464" title="East New Market Historic District">
East New Market Historic District

East New Market Historic District is a national historic district in East New Market, Dorchester County, Maryland. It consists of a village of about 75 buildings that represent a variety of 18th-, 19th-, and 20th-century architectural styles.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20756473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756473" title="Jago Party">
Jago Party

Jago Party is an Indian political party.
History.
Jago Party was founded in August 2007 by a group of non-political Indians and it got registered with Election Commission of India in January 2008. 
The Party was launched by Shri Deepak Mittal, who is the President of Jago Party. He is a businessman based in Hyderabad. Vice-President of the Party is Shri Awadhesh Kumar Singh, an ex-IAS (allied) officer. 
The Party has branches all over the country, but currently it is focused in Rajasthan. 
It is the only "right of the center" party in the political space in India at present.
Vision.
- To make a society based on individual freedom to pursue one's happiness, so long as one does not take away freedom of others by force or fraud 
- To make India a free market economy and protect its freedom-based institutions such as democracy and secularism 
- To restrict role of the government only to maintenance of individual's freedom and management of public property 
- To eliminate all discrimination exercised by government or individuals on the basis of religion, caste, sex, place of birth, income, ethnicity etc 
- To strive for one world government based on democracy, secularism and free market economy with one global policing and justice system 
Details of this vision can be seen at Jago Party web site under Mission
Manifesto.
1. Elimination of all reservations and provision of free education to all 
2. Death sentence for big-scale corruption & rape. Court judgment in three months 
3. Removal of all subsidies. Direct transfer of cash worth Rs 800 p.m. to all voters 
4. Maximum privatization including that of power and railways 
5. No income tax up to Rs. 4 Lakh per annum. Reduction in number and rates of taxes
Membership.
The Party has two categories of membership:
Primary Membership: 
Any person who is a citizen of India, has attained the age of 18, accepts the Constitution and ideology of the Party, and is not a member of any other political organization can become a primary member of Jago Party. There is no membership fee on enrollment as primary member.
Active Membership: 
Every Active Member will have to fulfill the following conditions:
Local organization of Jago Party: 
Primary unit of the Party is the District Executive Committee.
2008 Rajasthan Assembly elections.
Jago Party contested Assembly election in Rajasthan in 2008 on 26 seats, although no candidate won the election Jago Party was ahead of all smaller parties in most of the 26 constituencies it contested, except Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Indian National Congress and SP. Jago Party was ahead of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) in two constituencies and placed at no. 4 there among all political parties. 
Jago Party is going to contest coming elections of Rajasthan Vidhan Sabha in 2013 and Lok Sabha in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20756476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756476" title="Rugby league in the Northern Territory">
Rugby league in the Northern Territory

Rugby league is administered by the Northern Territory Rugby League. Rugby league in the Darwin is played at Richardson Park, whilst Rugby league in Alice Springs is played at Anzac Oval.
History.
The first organised competition was played in Darwin in 1941 when 9 teams, mostly made up of servicemen decided to make one unified competition and compete between and against each other. Some of the teams represented the Royal Australian Air Force, the Royal Australian Navy, and the Australian Army. There were also teams made up of citizens in Darwin, along with a team made up entirely of indigenous Australians living in Darwin.
The competition was cancelled due to the bombing of Darwin and the air raid attacks on the city. Since most of the competition was made from servicemen in Darwin, the competition was severely effected when many of these personal had to go to war and when they were no longer stationed in the Darwin area.
Another competition resumed in 1942 and continued onto 1943 (it was a season which lasted two years) but because of the evacuation of Darwin and then the subsequent shipping out of army and navy personnel from Darwin the competition was completely halted. There appears to be no other competition formed between 1943 and 1949. After 1949, the competition was finally revived.
In 1950, a small group of men, mainly ex-servicemen, joined together to form the Northern Territory Rugby League. The first official season was started in 1950 in Darwin with a number of pre-season trial matches and tournaments. The first official match was played on 14 June 1951.
Cyclone Tracey smashed into Darwin on 24 December 1974 and completely devastated Darwin Although much damaged was done to its surroundings, fortunately however, little damage occurred on Richardson Park, the home of rugby league in Darwin. The cyclone had an effect on the competition itself as players and administrators of the clubs and boards of the competition either left Darwin or were involved in the clean-up in Darwin after the cyclone had subsided.
In recent years however, the league has expanded a little. It has picked up in areas previously dominated by Aussie Rules Football. Some of the areas the league has moved into include the Katherine.
Governing body.
The Northern Territory Rugby League is responsible for administering the game of rugby league in the Northern Territory of Australia. It controls the Darwin Rugby League, Darwin Junior Rugby League and the Centralia Australian Rugby Football League.
Northern Territory is an Affiliated State of the overall Australian governing body the Australian Rugby League.
Central Australian Rugby Football League.
Foundation teams are Wests Dragons and United Magpies.
Current Ground Announcer is Mick Gallagher
Popularity.
Per capita figures show that the Northern Territory along with Queensland are the highest participators per capita of rugby league in Australia.
Representative Fixtures.
The Northern Territory team play in the Affiliated States Championship along with the other three affiliated states (South Australia, Victoria and Western Australia) plus the Australian Police and Australian Defence Force. They won the title in 2004.
The Northern Territory competed in the Amco Cup in 1977, 1978 and 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20756481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756481" title="Charles d'Albert d'Ailly">
Charles d'Albert d'Ailly

Charles d'Albert d'Ailly (1625 – 4 September 1698), third son of Honoré d'Albert, was a French general and diplomat. He was made lieutenant général des armées in 1655, and chevalier des ordres du roi from 1661. He became third Duke of Chaulnes in 1653 on the death of his elder brother Henri Louis d'Albert d'Ailly without issue.
He was lieutenant of the compagnie des chevau-légers de la garde du roi in 1664, French ambassador to Rome for the election of pope Clement IX in 1667, gouvernor of Brittany in 1670. He returned to Rome the same year for the election of pope Clement X. He was sent as French ambassador to Cologne in 1675. King's commander-in-chief in Brittany, he could not stem the tide of the revolt of the papier timbré in 1675 and demanded intervention from the royal armies and punishment of the rebels – his violence towards the rebels alienated him from his Breton noble allies and gained him the public peasant nickname of "fat pig" ("gros cochon"). He remained in command in Brittany until he was made ambassador to Rome a third time in 1689 on the election of pope Alexander VIII. He was dismissed from government of Brittany in 1693 to be replaced by the comte de Toulouse, and was instead made governor of Guyenne, remaining so until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20756486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756486" title="Sophisticated Giant">
Sophisticated Giant

Sophisticated Giant is a 1977 jazz album by Dexter Gordon recorded in 1977 (after the saxophonist's return from Europe) by an eleven-piece band playing tunes arranged by trombone player Slide Hampton.

</doc>
<doc id="20756497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756497" title="List of Toyota platforms">
List of Toyota platforms

The following automotive platforms have been used by the Toyota Motor Corporation.
The letters of the model code is found by combining the letters of the engine code with the platform code. If the engine code and the platform code have two letters each, the middle letter is computed according to this formula:
Platforms.
J.
BJ Platform (Type B engine)
FJ Platform (F, 2F, 3F engine)
BJ Platform (B, 2B, 3B, 13B engine)
HJ Platform (H, 2H, 12H engine)
LJ Platform (2L,5L engine)
HZJ Platform
KZJ Platform (KZ engine)
FZJ Platform
PZJ Platform
HDJ Platform
KDJ Platform (1KD engine)
UZJ Platform (2UZ-FE V8)
URJ Platform (1UR-FE, 3UR-FE V8 engine)
GRJ Platform (1GR-FE/FSE V6)
TRJ Platform (2TR-FE engine)
N.
RN Platform (2R, 3R, 8R, 12R, 18R, 20R, 22R engine)
LN Platform ("L", "2L", "3L", "5L" engine)
YN Platform (1Y, 2Y, 3Y engine)
KZN Platform (1KZ-TE engine)
VZN Platform
GRN Platform (1GR-FE engine)
TRN Platform (2TR-FE engine)
UZN Platform (2UZ-FE engine)
S.
RS Platform (R,3R,5M engine)
GS Platform (1G engine)
MS Platform (3M,4M,5M,7M engine)
GRS Platform (2GR,3GR,4GR V6 engines)
JZS Platform (1JZ,2JZ engine)
UZS Platform (1UZ, 3UZ engines)
URS Platform (1UR-FE, 1UR-FSE)
GWS Platform (2GR-FSE)
Z.
MZ Platform (5M,6M,7M engine)
GZ Platform (1G engine)
JZZ Platform (1JZ,2JZ engine)
UZZ Platform (1UZ,3UZ engine)
AL.
GGL (2GR-FE engine)
GYL (2GR-FXE engine)
XA.
SXA platform (S engine)
ACA platform (2AZ engine)
GSA platform (2GR engine)
XE.
JCE Platform (2JZ equipped )
GXE Platform (1G equipped)
SXE Platform (3S equipped)
GSE Platform (2GR/3GR/4GR equipped)
USE Platform (2UR-FSE equipped)
XF.
UCF Platform (1UZ,3UZ-FE,FSE,FXE engines)
USF Platform (1UR-FSE engine)
UVF Platform (2UR-FSE engine)
XG.
JCG platform (1JZ, 2JZ engine)
XH.
KCH platform (1KZ engine)
KLH platform (2KD engine)
LXH platform (2L engine)
RCH platform (2RZ engine)
VCH platform (5VZ engine)
XM.
ACM platform (2AZ engine)
SXM platform (3S engine)
XP.
NCP Platform (1NZ, 2NZ engines)
NLP Platform (1ND engines)
ZSP Platform (2ZR engine)
XR.
TCR Platform (2TZ engine)
ACR Platform (2AZ engine)
CLR Platform (1CD engine)
GSR Platform (2GR engine)
MCR Platform (1MZ engine)
XS.
YXS (3Y engine)
LXS (2L engine)
XU.
ACU Platform (2AZ engine)
ASU Platform (1AR engine)
GSU Platform (2GR engine)
MCU Platform (MZ V6 engine)
MHU Platform (HYBRID)
XV.
ACV Platform (2AZ-FE engine)
ASV Platform (1AR engine)
GSV 2006–Present (2GR,3GR,4GR-FE V6)
MCV (1MZ,2MZ,3MZ V6 engine)
SXVplatform (5S-FE,3S-FE engine)
VCV ( 3VZ-FE 3.0 V6,4VZ-FE 2.5 V6)
XW.
NHW (1NZ engine)
ZVW (2ZR engine)
XX.
MCX (1MZ V6)
GSX 2006–Present (2GR V6)
XY.
EXY (5E engine)
XZ.
EXZ (5E engine)
NCZ (1NZ engine)
Generic platforms.
The above codes specify variants on a particular model (e.g. MA70 Supra or JZA70 Supra sharing the 'A' code) or a set of very closely related models (e.g. Corolla and Sprinter sharing the 'E' code). But there are also some generic designs that are shared among many other specific platforms. These typically last for only a couple of generations.
MC platform.
MC is a midsize car platform from Toyota Motor Company. It is a versatile platform used in a number of compact and mid-size applications.
NBC multi-platform.
The NBC platform is used for many of the smaller Toyotas.

</doc>
<doc id="20756514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756514" title="Waldomore">
Waldomore

Waldomore, also known as The Waldomore, is a two-story Neo-Classical brick mansion located in uptown Clarksburg, West Virginia, United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 4, 1978.
History.
The Waldomore was constructed in late 1839 for Waldo P. Goff on part of a tract that extended from Pike Street to Elk Creek. The structure's name was coined by combining the names of the original owners Waldo Goff and his wife Harriet L. Moore. The Waldomore was added to The National Register of Historical Places in 1978. This classical revival structure was the home of Waldo Goff and his family. The Waldomore was donated to the City of Clarksburg by May Goff Lowndes (Mrs. Richard T. Lowndes) in 1930 on the condition that it was to be used as a public library or museum and for no other purpose. It served as the Clarksburg Public Library from 1931 to 1976 when the new library was constructed next door on the same property. The building is now the repository for materials relating to the state's culture and history as well as the books and papers of renowned UFO writer Gray Barker. It also has a collection of resources for genealogical research.
Goff Family.
The home was constructed in 1839 for Waldo P. Goff. Goff was born in 1796, the fifth son of Job and Zerviah Goff who moved to Harrison County in 1804 from New York. Of the eight children born to this family, four sons eventually served in the Virginia State Legislators of Virginia and West Virginia. Waldo Goff was a member of the Virginia State Senate from 1833 to 1837, and thereafter held numerous local minor offices including that of sheriff of Harrison County in 1851. The most famous of Waldo Goff's children was Nathan Goff born at the Waldomore February 9, 1843. Nathan served as Secretary of the Navy appointed by president Rutherford B. Hayes. In 1876, Nathan Goff ran for governor and was defeated by Henry Mathews. Nathan Goff was a United States Congressman from 1883 to 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="20756517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756517" title="Šeštokai">
Šeštokai

Šeštokai is a small town in southern Lithuania. It is a railway junction with break-of-gauge (1435 mm/1520 mm), and is also a transshipment hub.

</doc>
<doc id="20756530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756530" title="LSWR 395 class">
LSWR 395 class

On the LSWR 1881-1923.
The LSWR 395 class was a class of goods 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams as part of his modernisation programme. All 70 were constructed by Neilson and Company between 1881 and 1886. The last 34 locomotives differed in being slightly longer and heavier. 
Early members of the class were numbered in a continuous series of new numbers 395-406. Some later batches re-used numbers of withdrawn or duplicated locomotives. The 395 was a long-lived class, with several lasting for 70 years. Between 1908 and 1924, 54 locomotives were renumbered to the duplicate list by prefixing their existing number with a "0".
Outside the UK 1916-1945.
Between 1916 and 1918 fifty locomotives were sold to the British Government for use by the Railway Operating Division of the Royal Engineers. These included all 16 not in the duplicate list. The ROD transferred 36 of the class to its Palestine Military Railway and nine for service in the Mesopotamian campaign. In 1918 seven of those delivered to Palestine were transferred to Mesopotamia.
In 1919 military-controlled railways and equipment in Mesopotamia were transferred to the civilian Mesopotamian Railways, including all 16 class 395's which the new company renumbered 423-438. In 1920 the civilian Palestine Railways was formed and took over the remaining PMR lines and stock, including all 29 class 395's remaining in Palestine. In 1928 PR withdrew 22 of the class and sold them for scrap. The remaining seven (0166, 0395, 0398, 0405, 0444, 503 and 508) remained in PR service until 1936 and were not scrapped until 1944-45.
In the UK 1923-1959.
After the First World War twenty class 395's remained in Great Britain in L&SWR service: 029, 083, 0101, 0153–0155, 0163, 0167, 0397, 0400, 0433, 0436, 0439–0442, 0496, 0506, 0509, 0515. In the grouping in 1923 these passed to the Southern Railway. In 1933 the SR withdrew 0153 and 0515. In 1948 under the nationalisation of Britain's Railways the remaining 18 locomotives entered British Railways stock and were renumbered in a continuous series 30564–30581. Withdrawals resumed in 1953, with the last one, 30567 ("né" 154) being withdrawn in September 1959 after 76 years of service. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20756533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756533" title="Urho Castrén">
Urho Castrén

Urho Jonas Castrén (30 December 1886, Jyväskylä – 8 March 1965) was a Finnish politician from the National Coalition Party and Prime Minister of Finland in 1944. 
Castrén formed coalition government after Hackzell became incapacitated. The main task of his government was enforcing Moscow Armistice.

</doc>
<doc id="20756536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756536" title="Honoré d'Albert (1581–1649)">
Honoré d'Albert (1581–1649)

Honoré d'Albert (1581 – 1649) was the first duke of Chaulnes (from 1621) and a marshal of France. He was brother to Charles de Luynes (Louis XIII's favourite) and father of Charles d'Albert d'Ailly.

</doc>
<doc id="20756538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756538" title="Gorenje Brdo">
Gorenje Brdo

Gorenje Brdo is a settlement in the hills north of the Poljane Sora Valley in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20756557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756557" title="Charles Honoré d'Albert, duc de Luynes">
Charles Honoré d'Albert, duc de Luynes

Charles Honoré d'Albert de Luynes (7 October 1646 – 5 November 1712) was a French nobleman and Duke of Luynes. He is best known as the "Duke of Chevreuse" till his father's death in 1690. He was also the Duke of Chaulnes. He was a high-ranking French official under King Louis XIV.
Biography.
The Duke of Chevreuse was the grandson of the Marie de Rohan, the infamous "duchesse de Chevreuse" and one of the leading members of the Fronde, and the son-in-law of Colbert. His wife was Jeanne Marie Colbert, with whom he had three children. He married Jeanne Marie in Paris on 3 February 1667. 
His younger half sister was Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, the mistress of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia. 
The duc de Chevreuse was a private advisor of Louis XIV, and a sort of unofficial minister without portfolio. From 1698 until 1712 he was the non-residing governor of the province of Guienne (from the time of Louis XIV onwards the governorship of French provinces was essentially an honorific title and governors were not allowed to reside or even penetrate in their provinces). 
Friend of the Duke of Beauvilliers and of the famous archbishop Fénelon, he maintained a steady exchange of correspondence with the latter. It is at the Duke of Chevreuse's estate in Chaulnes (Somme "département") that Fénelon wrote his "Tables de Chaulnes" (1711).
Along with his friends, Chevreuse was a reformist in the circle of the Duke of Burgundy, "petit dauphin", grandson of Louis XIV and heir to the throne, advocating a less centralised and absolute monarchy relying more on the aristocracy. His ideas were briefly applied after 1715 (see polysynody), although he did not live long enough to see it.
He died in Paris in 1712.

</doc>
<doc id="20756559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756559" title="Krauncha Giri">
Krauncha Giri

Krauncha Giri is believed to be the first abode of Subramanya in south India. It is located 10 km from Sandur in Bellary District of Karnataka.
Unique feature of the mountain is its elliptical shape with a diametric narrow pass. According to legend, this gap is made when Kartikeya pierced the mountain in the battle with the demon Tharaka, with his sphere weapon "vel" to kill the demons who were hidden inside mountain. This legend is held in high esteem in Hindu mythologies including Mahabharata (salya parva.46), Skanda Purana(asura kandam). Krauncha Giri is also associated with legends of the sages Agastya and Parasuram.
Kalidasa in the work "Megha Sandesa" describes the gap in the mountain. This place is connected with legends of Sri Sailam jyotirlinga in Andhra Pradesh.
The name 'Krauncha Giri' is very familiar to many, but few know the location of this legendary mountain. For many, it's just a mythical one like Mount Meru.
Kumaraswami temple complex.
Kumaraswami Temple is located on south-west corner and is connected to Sandur by road. The complex houses temples of Parvati and Kumaraswami. The Ganesha idol in the temple is interestingly more popular, these days than the main deity Kartikeya.
According to one account, the Parvati temple (which was originally called Kumaraswamy temple) was built by the Badami Chalukyas (7th -8th century) and has the image of Parvati as the main deity. The temple currently called the Kumaraswamy temple (originally had Shanmukha as the main deity) was constructed during the rule of the Rashtrakutas (8th-10th century). Both monuments are now a protected monuments. It was discovered by the local rulers, the Ghorpades, in the thickly-wooded Swamimale hill in the 15th century.
Women were earlier strictly not allowed to enter the shrine. Murarirao Yeshwantrao Ghorpade lifted the ban on women in October 1996. After the ban was lifted, nearly 3,000 women have worshipped at the temple.
The Ghorpades, well loved and respected by the locals, had declared the temple open to Harijans as early as the 1930s. After learning of this on his visit to Sandur in 1934, Mahatma Gandhi said, "A small state in south India has opened the temple to the Harijans, the heavens have not fallen."
Swamimale forest range.
This centuries old temple complex in located inside Swamimalai forest range and is said to be infested with venomous snakes like russell viper and spectacled cobras. Peacocks are also a very common sight here. The forest range is also a very good habitat of leopards.
According to geologists, this peculiar mountain is made of volcanic eruptions and is very rich in mineral deposits. The soil and lake here is red marshy that owes to presence of rich ferrous deposits. Nowadays due to mindless mining in this area is resulting in habitat destruction.
Karnataka State highway No.40 pass through the above said gap in mountain, connecting Sandur to rest of the State. Temple is approachable by road from Sandur. Nearest Rail Heads are Hospet& Bellary on Guntakal-Hubli line.

</doc>
<doc id="20756586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756586" title="Sri Radha Shyamasundar Mandir">
Sri Radha Shyamasundar Mandir

Sri Radha Shyamasundar Mandir is a Hindu temple located in central Seoul, South Korea. The temple opens each morning and evening at specific darshan times. Special programs are also held on Sundays, such as free children's balvikas classes (which includes Indian scriptures taught through videos, Hindi language, Indian music, etc.), yoga classes, a special Sunday feast program with Bhagavad Gita lectures.
The temple holds festivals like Diwali and Sri Krishna Janmastami, which have attracted more than 500 devotees. Ceremonies such as weddings, Namkaran naming ceremonies and Shnathi Puja are held in Vedic style by traditional Brahmins. The temple also is a meeting point for Hindus from India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Pakistan, as well as ISKCON devotees from various parts of the world.
The temple also provides vegetarian groceries, Puja items, Upawas and satwik foods (purely vegetarian, without garlic or onion) on special request for vegetarian devotees in suffering due to language difficulties and dietary restrictions.
Vedic Cultural Center (Sri Sri RadhaShyamSundar Mandir) Seoul, South Korea.
Description
Vedic Cultural Center (Sri Sri RadhaShyamSundar Mandir) is Very important place in city. It serves as spiritual university and spiritual hospital and place for peace and tranquility. Introducing in Korea about an oldest Scripture Sanskrit, Vedic Knowledge and (Hindu) Sanatana Dharma.
Modernization of lifestyle has resulted into stress; mental disorder, relationship problem, and temple serve as the hospital for these entire problem. Here our ever best friend lord Shri Krishna and Sri Radharani are always ready to extend that strong feeling of friendship to all without any expectation from anyone. 
People in general are confused with why bad things happening to good people, what is purpose of life, where can I find true happiness in life that can fulfill the innermost longing of life? Temple serve as the educational institute for all fundamental and most important problem of life from teachers who follows what they speak, sincere practitioner in temple.
It is place of tranquility and peace mid of all chaos in the world, as the purest and tranquil, presence of lord and his name is always surcharging this place.
It is place where you come and solve your spiritual problem and develop your unconditional devotion life, Celebrating all our festivals, Attend Mangal Arati and Sandhya Aarati, Sing Bhajan, Dancing, Group Japa Meditation, Srimad Bhagavatam and Srimad Bhagavat Geeta everyday class, spiritual discourse, Every Sunday Special program and eat divine Prasadam, meet your best friend and ever well-wisher and get surcharged with positive energy to face life as Lord Krishna is source of all enjoyment and positivity that exist.
On 2008 some sincere devotees of Lord Krishna inspired by teaching of great spiritual revolutionary His Divine Grace A. C. Bhaktivedant Swami Srila Prabhupad, who spread this gift of ancient Sanatana (Hindu) Dharma to whole world and it is right within your access at your city close to you, please take advantage of it. There is no cost to it, only cost is your sincere desire to come here and associate with your best friend, ever well-wishers, source of happiness, joy and positivity Lord Sri Krishna.

</doc>
<doc id="20756587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756587" title="Bromus ciliatus">
Bromus ciliatus

Bromus ciliatus is a species of brome grass known by the common name fringed brome. 
It is native to most of North America, including most of Canada, most of the United States except for some portions of the South, and northern Mexico. It is a plant of many habitats, including temperate coniferous forest. It is a perennial grass growing in tufts up to 1.2 meters tall, and occasionally taller in the Great Plains. The leaves often have sparse long hairs. The open inflorescence bears many spikelets on stalks, the upper ones ascending and the lower nodding or drooping. The spikelets are flattened and made up of layered rounded fruits.

</doc>
<doc id="20756595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756595" title="Mazandaran University of Science and Technology">
Mazandaran University of Science and Technology

Mazandaran University of Science and Technology (MUST) is a private university in Babol, Iran.
Mazandaran University of Science & Technology is a research university located in the city of Babol in the province of Mazandaran (North of Iran) 15 km away from Caspian Sea. 
MUST was established in 1992 as the first private university under the accreditation of the Ministry of Science, Research and Technology (Iran) by members of its founder committee;
It offers degrees in Industrial Engineering, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Electrical Engineering, Civil Engineering and other subjects, as well as MBA. 
Industrial Engineering at MUST.
Mazandaran University of Science & Technology is known for offering Industrial Engineering programs including Bachelor degree, Masters degree and PhD degree in the nation.
Cooperation.
Masters degree and PhD courses are taught in English. The university has established cooperation with the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) of India in offering MBAs and PhDs in industrial engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="20756605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756605" title="Trujillanos">
Trujillanos

Trujillanos is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,408 (2007) and an area of 20.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20756617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756617" title="Robin Sharman">
Robin Sharman

Robin Sharman (born 8 December 1979) is an English road racing cyclist from Repton, Derbyshire. He represented England at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, competing in the road event but did not finish the race.

</doc>
<doc id="20756619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756619" title="Kelvin Stevenson Memorial Church">
Kelvin Stevenson Memorial Church

Kelvin Stevenson Memorial Church is a Church of Scotland parish church, serving part of the North Kelvinside area of Glasgow, Scotland. The church is within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Glasgow.
Building.
This distinctive church was designed by the architect J. J. Stevenson and built 1898-1902. Red sandstone is used, as in many buildings in Glasgow. It was built by the Free Church of Scotland as the "Nathanial Stevenson Memorial Free Church", becoming part of the United Free Church of Scotland in 1900, which in turn united with the Church of Scotland in 1929.
The church has a "crown tower", similar to St. Giles Cathedral in Edinburgh and the Chapel of King's College, Aberdeen. The church is located adjacent to the River Kelvin in Belmont Street at Belmont Bridge.
History.
The current congregation has been created by a union of several churches in the area, including the former East Park Church, Kelvinside Old Church and Wilton Church.
Ministry.
The current minister (since 2003) is the Reverend Gordon Kirkwood.

</doc>
<doc id="20756627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756627" title="Bernard Considine">
Bernard Considine

Bernard 'Bernie' Considine (8 April 1925 – 4 June 1989) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Tasmania as well as Australian rules football with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Considine, an Old Paradian, played regularly for Hawthorn from Round 7 in the 1952 VFL season. He managed just three senior appearances the next season and ended his league career with 16 games and seven goals. He then moved to Tasmania to coach the Cooee Football Club in the 1954 North West Football Union season.
As a right arm fast bowler, Considine took 25 wickets at 29.44 from eight first-class matches. His best bowling performance was figures of 6/85 which were taken when he represented Victoria against Western Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in a Sheffield Shield match. The Ararat born paceman played one match for Tasmania, in 1954/55, against the Marylebone Cricket Club and his three top order wickets were Denis Compton, Len Hutton and Reg Simpson.
His younger brothers, Maurie and Frank also played football for Hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="20756628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756628" title="Tom Chambers">
Tom Chambers

Tom Chambers may refer to:
, Scottish minister

</doc>
<doc id="20756631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756631" title="Hlavče Njive">
Hlavče Njive

Hlavče Njive is a small settlement in the hills above the Poljane Sora Valley in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20756633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756633" title="Bromus grandis">
Bromus grandis

Bromus grandis is a species of brome grass known by the common name tall brome. 
It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in many types of habitat from forest to coastal scrub. It is a perennial grass growing up to 1.5 meters tall. It has hairy leaves and open inflorescences of fuzzy flat spikelets. It is related to "Bromus orcuttianus", which shares its range.

</doc>
<doc id="20756653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20756653" title="Alagur">
Alagur


</doc>
