<doc id="20635815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635815" title="Xiaoming Wang">
Xiaoming Wang

Xiaoming Wang is a noted vertebrate paleontologist and geologist born in People's Republic of China and living in the United States.
Areas of expertise.
Dr. Wang specializes in the fossil evolution, systematics, and phylogeny of mammals of the Cenozoic. He has researched the biostratigraphy of Inner Mongolia and Asia as a whole, the geochronology of Asia, paleoenvironments of the Tibetan Plateau, and mammalian migrations between Eurasia and North America. Wang has also investigated the systematics and phylogeny of canids (dogs and their kin) as well as Late Eocene through Pleistocene fossil mammals of Southern California and Mexico. "(see Natural History Museum of LA)".
Professional life.
Wang is a curator in the Department of Vertebrate Paleontology at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County and Natural History Museum. Wang is also a contributing researcher of the Paleobiology Database created by John Alroy, Ph.D.
Grants.
U.S. National Science Foundation, National Natural Science Foundation of China, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the U.S. National Geographic Society.
Publications.
Wang is also co-author, with American Museum of Natural History paleontologist, Richard H. Tedford of a popular book "Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History", based upon their research on fossils of the Canidae.
References.
Wang, Xiaoming; and Tedford, Richard H. Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History. New York: Columbia University Press, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20635855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635855" title="IEEE Micro">
IEEE Micro

IEEE Micro is a broad-based practitioner-oriented magazine of the IEEE Computer Society targeting small system and semiconductor chip professionals, including electronic engineers, designers, architects, developers, process improvement experts, testers, quality engineers, and project managers. It features peer-reviewed articles, special focus sections, regular columns by prominent authors, technology news, experience reports, and opinion pieces. The topics it covers include integrated circuit processes and practices, project management, development tools and infrastructure, as well as chip design and architecture, empirical evaluations of small system and IC technologies and techniques, human and social aspects of system development. In addition, "IEEE Micro" regularly contains columns devoted to legal developments relating to software and electronic systems ("Micro Law"), to standardization ("Micro Standards"), and to economics issues affecting the electronics industry ("Micro Economics").
The editors in chief of "IEEE Micro", since its inception, have been:

</doc>
<doc id="20635875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635875" title="John Berry (administrator)">
John Berry (administrator)

Morrell John Berry (born February 10, 1959) is the United States Ambassador to Australia. He previously was director of the United States Office of Personnel Management.
Berry was born in Montgomery County, Maryland, to parents who worked for the federal government. He completed degrees at the University of Maryland, College Park and Syracuse University and worked in local government and as a legislative aide in state government from 1982 to 1985. From 1985 to 1994, he worked as legislative director for U.S. Representative Steny Hoyer. He held posts in the U.S. Treasury Department, the Smithsonian Institution, and the U.S. Department of the Interior until 2000, and worked as director of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation and the National Zoological Park until 2009, when he was nominated by President Barack Obama as director of the United States Office of Personnel Management. Berry took office after being confirmed by the United States Senate in April 2009.
In June 2013, President Obama nominated Berry to replace Jeff Bleich as US ambassador to Australia. He was confirmed by unanimous consent of the US Senate in August 2013.
Early life and education.
Berry was born February 10, 1959, in Rockville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. His father served in the U.S. Marine Corps, his mother worked for the U.S. Census Bureau, and he has a brother and a sister. Berry graduated from high school in 1977 and finished a Bachelor of Arts in government and politics from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1980. In 1981, Berry graduated from Syracuse University with a Master of Public Administration.
Career.
Berry served in management for the Montgomery County government from 1982 to 1984 and as staff director of the Maryland Senate Finance Committee from 1984 to 1985. From 1985 to 1994, he was legislative director for U.S. Representative Steny Hoyer, and associate staffer on the House Appropriations Committee. Berry assisted Hoyer on employment issues of the federal government, and played a leading role in negotiations that led to the Federal Employees Pay Comparability Act of 1990, which established the locality pay system. From 1994 to 1995, Berry served as Deputy Assistant Secretary and acting Assistant Secretary for Law Enforcement in the U.S. Treasury Department. From 1995 to 1997, Berry worked as director of government relations and as senior policy advisor at the Smithsonian Institution.
Department of the Interior.
Berry was appointed Assistant Secretary for Policy, Management and Budget at the U.S. Department of the Interior during the Clinton administration, serving from 1997 to 2001. At the Interior Department, Berry improved credit union and continuing education options, oversaw the expansion of department programs to improve employees' work-life balance, and held town hall meetings with Interior employees and used their suggestions to upgrade a cafeteria and health center. These changes were partly funded through partnerships with federal employees, unions and other agencies to reduce costs for the department. Berry worked to create a complaint procedure for employees who experience discrimination because of their sexual orientation, to expand relocation benefits and counseling services to domestic partners of employees, to establish a liaison to gay and lesbian workers, and to eliminate discriminatory provisions of the National Park Service's law enforcement standards. He helped establish an office supply store for Interior employees, which he staffed with disabled workers. Berry oversaw one of the largest budgetary increases in the department's history.
In 2000, Berry became director of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, where he worked with Interior Inspector General Earl Devaney to reconcile twenty years of financial records, improve management, and conserve wildlife habitat through public-private partnerships. Berry was appointed from October 1, 2005, to serve as director of the National Zoo, which had been found to have shortcomings in record keeping and maintenance. Berry created a strategic planning and modernization process for the zoo. This included a twenty-year capital plan, securing $35 million in funding to provide for fire protection, and beginning renovations to animal houses.
The Berry Bastion, an Antarctic mountain, was named in his honor.
Office of Personnel Management.
In 2008, Berry was mentioned as a possible nominee for U.S. Secretary of the Interior, a position obtained by Ken Salazar. President Barack Obama announced his intention to nominate Berry as director of the Office of Personnel Management on March 3, 2009, and did so on March 4. The nomination hearing before the Senate Homeland Security Committee on March 26, 2009, led to expectation of easy confirmation for Berry, despite opposition from conservative activists based on Berry's homosexuality. In the hearing Berry stated he supported any effective employee compensation system, but that the federal government had the obligation to give employees with comparable job performances similar pay and treatment. He pledged to preserve veterans preference and supplement it with training programs to prepare veterans for federal jobs, and promised reviews of proposals to improve the security clearance and hiring processes. Berry emphasized the importance for agencies to use all recruitment tools, citing relocation benefits that could keep agencies competitive with the private sector, and stated he would create a strategic plan and set performance goals for the Office of Personnel Management. Berry had previously stated support for benefits for same-sex partners of federal employees and a repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act.
The Senate confirmed Berry on April 3, 2009, and he was sworn in April 13 as the first agency director in the Obama administration with all senior staff in place. The ceremonial swearing in on April 23 was attended by First Lady Michelle Obama. Berry has been, according to the Human Rights Campaign, the highest-ranking openly gay official to serve in the executive branch in any U.S. administration.
U.S. Ambassador to Australia.
In June 2013, President Obama nominated Berry to be the US ambassador to Australia, the first openly gay U.S. ambassador to a G-20 nation. On August 1, 2013, the United States Senate confirmed Berry by unanimous consent. Australian media coverage of Berry's appointment has been overwhelmingly positive with a video he posted to the US Embassy website being described as the "friendliest introduction video in diplomatic history" while Berry himself was described as "modest", with an "impressive record". Federal News Radio, in the US, reported that, "more than 200 people had posted responses" to the video, "most of which were warm and cordial".
Personal life.
Before being appointed as ambassador to Australia Berry lived in Washington, D.C. On August 10, 2013, he married Curtis Yee, his partner for 17 years, at St Margaret's Episcopal Church in Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20635893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635893" title="Carol Beaumont">
Carol Beaumont

Carol Ann Beaumont (born 6 October 1960) is a politician from New Zealand, first elected to represent the Labour Party through the party list vote in the . Beaumont stood in the electorate, finishing second in both 2008 and 2011. In the she initially missed joining the current Parliament, her list ranking (22) sitting just above the cut-off due to Labour's reduced party vote. But in March 2013 Charles Chauvel's resignation saw her back into Parliament.
Professional life.
In May 2003 Beaumont was elected Secretary of the New Zealand Council of Trade Unions. This followed 20 years involvement in the union movement
Member of Parliament.
Beaumont stood for Labour in the Maungakiekie seat at the 2008 general election, finishing second to National's Sam Lotu-Iiga. The seat had previously been held by Labour's Mark Gosche. She was ranked 28th on Labour's party list and was elected to Parliament as a List MP.
In the 49th Parliament Beaumont was appointed Labour's spokesperson for Consumer Affairs, and associate spokesperson for Labour by Labour leader Phil Goff. In early 2010 she took over responsibility for Charles Chauvel's Credit Reforms (Responsible Lending) Bill, which had been drawn from the ballot in August 2009. The bill was defeated at its first reading in July 2010.
At the 2011 general election Beaumont again contested Maungakiekie finishing second to incumbent Sam Lotu-Iiga. She was ranked 22 on Labour's party list but this was not high enough to be reelected.
Following the resignation of list MP Charles Chauvel, Beaumont was declared elected to parliament on the 12 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20635905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635905" title="Terramelar">
Terramelar

Terramelar is a neighborhood that belongs to the township of Paterna, in the land of Valencia(Spain). It's composed of 29 buildings, 15 house blocks and 12 slums. Before being urbanised, almond trees were cultivated in this area, hence the origin of the name (Valencian: "Terra d'ametlers", land of almond trees). 
It is bordered on the north by the neighborhood of Valterna and La Coma, south to Valencia fair, east to the town of Burjasot and west to the military barracks of Paterna.
The population is about 2652 persons. (INE 2006).
The neighborhood has an important school named " El Armelar", a pharmacy, a civic center, an outpatients' department, a "casal fallero", a paper shop, a supermarket, two estate companies, two hairdresser's, the circles, the "hueco", four restaurants and a sports center with big pool, kids' pool, two tennis court, a pharmacy, three paddle court and a football 7 court, a supermarket' and a take-away food shop, also planning to open a ' perfect fry chicken ' shop around Paterna Town.
Terramelar became known on the news because was placed of the focus of the Rumanian organized crime with its headquarters in the "Bar Plaza" (currently known as "The Paquito") when, after an investigation carried out by the Europol, the Spanish national police force arrested the bigwig of the mafia and his wife after her popular quote "No entender, no entender" ("I don't understand"). Among the main operations of the band, it's remarkable the credit card fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="20635926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635926" title="Koide Station">
Koide Station


</doc>
<doc id="20635932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635932" title="Encants (Barcelona Metro)">
Encants (Barcelona Metro)

Encants is a Barcelona Metro station in the Eixample district of Barcelona, served by L2. It opened in 1997. It's located under carrer de València between carrer del Dos de Maig and carrer de la Independència, and it's accessible from both sides of the intersection of carrer de València and Dos de de Maig.
The station is named after the nearby Encants Vells and Encants Nous, two markets.

</doc>
<doc id="20635941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635941" title="The Sleeping Cardinal">
The Sleeping Cardinal

The Sleeping Cardinal is a 1931 British mystery film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Arthur Wontner and Ian Fleming. The film is an adaptation of the Sherlock Holmes stories by Arthur Conan Doyle, though it is not based on any one particular story it draws inspiration from "The Empty House" and "The Final Problem". It is unrelated to the Basil Rathbone series of Holmes films which also began in the 1930s.
The film is also known as "Sherlock Holmes' Fatal Hour" in the USA.
Plot summary.
Opening with a silent sequence in silhouette within the Bank of England, we’re whisked to a London home where Foreign Office bureaucrat Ronnie Adair (Leslie Perrins) is once again winning handsomely whilst gambling at bridge. Adair is called to a meeting with The Sleeping Cardinal, a picture disguising the identity of Professor Moriarty (Norman McKinnel), and blackmailed into taking counterfeit money to Paris in his diplomatic pouch. Adair’s concerned sister calls for the assistance of Sherlock Holmes (Arthur Wontner) and Dr. Watson (Ian Fleming) to investigate the reasons for her brothers gambling excesses and depressed moods. After Adair succumbs to an apparent suicide; Holmes derives from a trail of clues Moriarty's involvement.

</doc>
<doc id="20635989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635989" title="Barry Strange">
Barry Strange

Barry Strange was an Australian rules footballer who played for New Town, later Glenorchy, in the Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL). He is a member of the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame after being inducted in 2005 and is a centre half back in Glenorchy's official 'Team of the Century'.
It was at centre half back that Strange played most of his football and he began his career at New Town in 1952. A dual Best and fairest winner, he was a member of New Town's 1953, 1955 and 1956 premiership sides before crossing to Penguin as captain-coach in 1958. Strange spent three seasons at the NWFU club then returned to New Town, who had been renamed Glenorchy, and played in another premiership in 1965, his final season.
Strange represented Tasmania in 10 interstate matches and was an All-Australian for his efforts at the 1956 Perth Carnival. He also participated in Tasmania's famous upset victory over the VFL at Launceston in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20636018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636018" title="Phil Twyford">
Phil Twyford

Philip Stoner Twyford (born 4 May 1963), known as Phil Twyford, is a politician from New Zealand and a member of the Labour Party. He has been a member of parliament since 2008. He is the Labour Party MP for Te Atatū.
Early years.
Twyford was born in 1963. His middle name, Stoner, is the maiden name of his mother. He is the founder director of Oxfam New Zealand.
Member of Parliament.
Twyford stood for election in the North Shore electorate at the 2005 and 2008 elections. He placed second both times but in 2008 he was elected as a list MP.
Twyford was appointed Labour's spokesperson for Disarmament and Arms Control, Auckland Issues, and associate spokesperson for Foreign Affairs - Development Assistance by Labour leader Phil Goff.
In 2009, Twyford's Local Government (Protection of Auckland Assets) Amendment Bill was drawn from the member's ballot, but failed to pass its first reading. Twyford promoted the bill because of concerns that the reorganisation of Auckland's local governance by National and Act into a "Supercity" unity was partially to allow the sell-off of public assets, a claim his opponents claimed was "scaremongering". Twyford continues to be involved in the matter of Auckland's local government reorganisation, and is a Labour representative on the select committee on the associated Auckland Law Reform bill.
In September 2010, his Depleted Uranium (Prohibition) Bill, which would ban depleted uranium weapons and armour from New Zealand, was drawn from the member's ballot. It was debated in June 2012, and failed to advance on a tied vote.
Twyford is currently Labour Spokesperson for Housing and Auckland Issues, and Associate Spokesperson for the Environment. He is also a member of the Transport and Industrial Relations Committee.
Political views.
In his maiden speech to Parliament, Twyford expressed support for a New Zealand republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20636021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636021" title="Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library">
Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library

Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library is located in Terre Haute, Indiana. It was built in 1906 by the Modern Construction Company of Terre Haute. The building is in the Beaux Arts architectural style. 
The Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library played an important role in Coca-Cola history. In June 1915, Earl R. Dean and T. Clyde Edwards were dispatched to the Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library to research the ingredients of Coca-Cola. In the Encyclopædia Britannica, Dean came across a picture of a gourd-shaped cocoa pod. Inspiration from this cocoa pod lead Dean to his design of the iconic contour Coca-Cola bottle.
In 1979, the library was acquired by the Indiana State University and would be converted into an art building five years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20636063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636063" title="Ernst Friedrich Kärcher">
Ernst Friedrich Kärcher

Ernst Friedrich Kärcher (4 August 1789 – 12 April 1855) was a German educator and philologist born in Ichenheim, a village in Baden-Württemberg. He is remembered as an author of numerous Latin dictionaries.
He studied theology and classical languages at the University of Heidelberg, and subsequently worked for several years as a tutor. In 1815 he became a teacher at the Pädagogium in Durlach, and in 1820 was an instructor at the Lyceum Karlsruhe, where he taught classes until his death in 1855. In 1836 he was given the title of "Oberstudienrath".
Kärcherstraße, a street in the Mühlburg district of Karlsruhe is named in his honor. 
Selected works.
Among his better known publications are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20636091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636091" title="Jason Hart">
Jason Hart

Jason Hart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20636163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636163" title="The Counterfeit Plan">
The Counterfeit Plan

The Counterfeit Plan is a 1957 British crime film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Zachary Scott, Peggie Castle, Mervyn Johns and David Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="20636200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636200" title="Arnold Shultz">
Arnold Shultz

Arnold Shultz (1886–1931) was an influential African-American fiddler and guitarist who is noted as a major influence in the development of the "thumb-style", or "Travis picking" method of playing guitar.
Biography.
Shultz, the son of a former slave, was born into a family of touring musicians in Ohio County, Kentucky, in 1886. In 1900, Shultz began studying guitar under his uncle, developing a jazzy "thumb-style" method of playing guitar that eventually evolved into the Kentucky style for which such musicians as Chet Atkins and Merle Travis would be known. Professionally, Shultz was a laborer, traveling from Kentucky through Mississippi and New Orleans, working with coal or as a deck hand. 
In the early 1920s he played fiddle in the otherwise white hillbilly and Dixieland band of Forest "Boots" Faught. To the occasional complaints such as "You've got a colored fiddle. We don't want that."; Faught would reply, "I've got the man because he's a good musician" He also played with Charlie Monroe and gave Bill Monroe his opportunity to play his first paid gig, joining Shultz at square dances with Shultz on fiddle and Monroe on guitar.
Influence.
Though he was not recorded, his blues playing made a powerful influence. Bill Monroe, who was formative in the development of bluegrass music, has openly cited Shultz as an influence on his playing, and Shultz taught his guitar methods to Kennedy Jones, who disseminated the "thumb-style" methods further. His methods were passed down further to Merle Travis and Ike Everly.
Schultz died in 1931 of a heart problem, a mitral lesion, though legends have persisted that he died as a result of poisoning by a white musician who was jealous of him. Less colorful reports indicate that he suffered a stroke while boarding a bus. Arnold Schultz died in Butler County, Kentucky, near the small city of Morgantown. He is buried in the town's only African American cemetery at the end of Bell Street.
External links.
Photo of Arnold Schultz (left) and Clarence Wilson (right).

</doc>
<doc id="20636202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636202" title="Billets (film)">
Billets (film)

Billets is a 1925 silent-era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod.

</doc>
<doc id="20636222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636222" title="Barton Williams">
Barton Williams

Barton Williams (born 20 September 1956 in Mare Island, California-) is a former American hurdler. He attended California Polytechnic State University (Cal Poly-San Luis Obispo) from 1975–1979. Williams is one of Cal Poly's all-time greatest track and field athletes.
Barton Williams is a member of the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association NCAA Division II Track & Field Athlete Hall of Fame. 
Bart Williams represented the U.S. in 10 international competitions, held several CAL POLY School record, including One NCAA Division II 400IH records.
Barton Williams also recipient of the 2005 Distinguished alumnus Cal Poly Track & Field Award and California State Assembly Resolution Award For Outstanding Athlete 1979.
Bart Williams was the cross country running coach at Vallejo High School in Vallejo, California for nine years. He has coached track at Contra Costa College in Richmond, CA for over twenty years. In 1979, Bart was one of few athletes to be All American in both NCAA Division I & II track and field events.In 1980, Barton Williams was the first athlete from Vallejo, CA to participate on an Olympic Team. President Jimmy Carter decided to boycott the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow, U.S.S.R. because the Soviet Union had invaded Afghanistan in December 1979. Barton Williams was an assistant coach for the U.S. World University Games team in China, in 2001. He coached the men's hurdles and the horizontal jumps.

</doc>
<doc id="20636265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636265" title="Rajen Prasad">
Rajen Prasad

Dr Rajen Prasad, QSO, is a politician from New Zealand. He was elected to represent the Labour Party on the party list at the 2008 general election. He was given an exceptionally high list placing, 12, far in advance of many sitting cabinet ministers.
Prasad is of Fijian descent.
Professional life.
Prasad led Massey University at Albany during its establishment in 1993 and was Race Relations Conciliator between 1996 and 2001. In June 2004 Prasad was appointed as the first Chief Commissioner of the newly established Families Commission, serving until 2008.
He is currently on the board of the Bank of Baroda New Zealand.
Member of Parliament.
At the 2008 election Prasad was placed at number 12 on the Labour Party list and was subsequently elected to Parliament. He was re-elected, albeit at a lower list placing, in 2011.
In 2008, Prasad was appointed Labour's spokesperson for Voluntary and Community Sector, and associate spokesperson for Ethnic Affairs and Social Development – Family and CYF by Labour leader Phil Goff. He was later appointed spokesperson for Ethnic Affairs, as well as associate spokesperson for Social Development.
In 2013 under the new leadership of David Cunliffe, a new Labour shadow cabinet reshuffle was announced with Prasad now the Spokesperson on Immigration, Associate Spokesperson for Ethnic Affairs and Associate Spokesperson for Social Development (CYFS).

</doc>
<doc id="20636268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636268" title="Chris Perrin">
Chris Perrin

Chris Perrin (born April 6, 1978 in Independence, MO) is a professional food writer and podcaster who lives and writes in Overland Park, KS (a suburb of Kansas City). He attended the University of Kansas where he received a degree in English. He also wrote the Mecha Role Playing Game Role Playing Game, published by Heroic Journey Publishing.
Food.
Chris says that his passion for food began when he cooked in the kitchen with his father, whom Chris still considers a wonderful cook. Chris uses the kitchen as classroom, therapy, science lab, and a way to connect with his wife and son. He shares his experiences on his blog at BlogWellDone.com [http://www.blogwelldone.com/], and through his articles. His work can be found in Biao Magazine, Women's Edition Johnson County and The Dabbling Mum 
The Canon Puncture Show.
Chris is also a host of The Canon Puncture Show[http://www.canonpuncture.com/], a bi-weekly show about tabletop RPGs, from playing them to making them. The various hosts talk amongst themselves and with people they think are cool.
The Canon Puncture Show was a 2008 nominee for the Diana Jones Award.
Echoes From the Rifts.
Chris has been the host of Echoes From the Rifts, a podcast which focuses on Palladium Books and features interviews with various Palladium personalities including founder Kevin Siembieda.

</doc>
<doc id="20636275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636275" title="Michael Cresap House">
Michael Cresap House

Michael Cresap House is a historic home in Oldtown, Allegany County, Maryland, USA. It is a -story, two-part stone and brick house built about 1764. The house is associated with Captain Michael Cresap (1742–1775), a well known Ohio frontiersman.

</doc>
<doc id="20636301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636301" title="Mapping California">
Mapping California

California is a unique place that has not always been well understood. For hundreds of years there persisted a European misconception that California was an island and many maps were made depicting it as such. Eventually, by the 18th century, enough information about California reached the outside world to dispel that myth. As California became increasingly populated, comprehensive surveying and mapping of its territory seemingly expanded slowly.
When gold was discovered in 1848 and it joined the United States as the thirty first state in 1851 interest in ploting California's landscapes boomed.
California quickly became a well documented piece of the United States. Time has brought even more mapping; with modern technology, particularly GIS any aspect of California can be and is recorded on a map. Not only are physical maps of California readily available, but maps with all variety of demographic information are as well.
History.
Chronology of Early Surveying and Mapping Efforts.
In 1841 Cadwalader Ringgold, an officer in the United States Navy, spent twenty days surveying the San Francisco Bay watershed as a member of the United States Exploring Expedition In 1849, Cadwalader Ringgold began a more comprehensive survey of surveying the San Francisco Bay region, the Sacramento River, and parts of the American and created a number of 8maps which included Depth sounding information for the Sacramento River and San Francisco Bay. Also included on the maps are the sizes and locations of settlements along the Sacramento River.
A Series of Charts with Sailing Directions, by Cadwalader Ringgold was published in 1852. This book includes the maps from the 1849 expedition as well as a color illustrations of ports and important landmarks. To further supplement the navigators the book includes notes on observed magnetic variation and a table of 26 coordinates for landmarks, harbors and a table of bearings for several point to point journeys.
1857, the commanding officer of the United States Coast Survey Steamer, Active, discovers a deep submarine valley, or "gulch," in the center of Monterey Bay. This is the first known sea-floor canyon and is now called Monterey Canyon.
From the 1850s through the 1860s, the United States Coast Survey, now NOAA's Office of Coast Survey, published a set of color maps with five stratigraphic units detailing the geologic makeup of California as well as a comprehensive set of nautical charts for the entire coast of California.
Shortly after statehood, the California state government appointed its first State Geologist and began commissioning geologic surveys of their own. The state appointed John B. Trask to the position of State Geologist and he served from 1850 to 1856. He compiled a report entitled "On the Geology of the Sierra Nevada, or California Range."
The second State Geologist, Josiah Whitney, served from 1860 to 1873. Whitney organized the first comprehensive survey of California and the first complete topographic maps of the state were completed under him. Mount Whitney, the tallest peak in California is named after him, a testament to his legacy.
The State Mining Bureau was established in 1880, and the position of State Geologist was changed to State Mineralogist. In 1891, the first state geologic map showing eight color stratigraphic regions was published. The second geologic map of the state was published in 1916 and shows twenty one stratigraphic regions.
The State Mining Bureau was renamed the Division of Mines and Geology in 1862. Its pseudonym, the California Geologic Survey, was established in January 2002.
In 1869, George Davidson, an assistant coast surveyor compiled the book, Pacific Coast: Coast Pilot of California, Oregon, and Washington Territory. The 262 page volume is complete with illustrations, coordinate tables, notes on magnetic variation and some bathymetric sounding information.
Modern Projects.
Surveying efforts of California continue today with the assistance of modern technology.
Modern mapping in California involves the use of modern electronics to refine information found through analog methods. Many organizations andgovernment agencies are involved in collecting and mapping data in California today.

</doc>
<doc id="20636309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636309" title="Frederick Gottwald">
Frederick Gottwald

Frederick Carl Gottwald (August 15, 1858 – June 23, 1941) was a traditionalist American painter who was influential in the development of the Cleveland School of art, sometimes called the "dean of Cleveland painters". He taught at the Western Reserve School of Design for Women (later renamed to the Cleveland Institute of Art), and it has been said that he "contributed more than any other person to Cleveland's artistic development".
Life and career.
Gottwald was born in Austria, to Frederick and Caroline Grosse Gottwald, and emigrated to Cleveland, Ohio, as an infant. He first studied painting with Archibald Willard in 1874, with whom he would found the Cleveland Art Club in 1876. He then moved to New York City to continue his training at the Art Students League of New York, followed by stints at the Royal Academy in Munich, the Académie Julian in Paris, and Cooper Union back in New York. Upon his return to Cleveland in September 1885, he joined the faculty of the design school and would be associated with them for the next 41 years, including serving as director from 1889–91. His directorship was ended by a demotion to "headmaster" and there was such bad feeling between him and his replacement, Newton A. Wells, that the two men ended up in a fistfight. Although Gottwald was allowed to remain at the school as an instructor, he never regained the position of director. As an instructor, he taught a large number of Cleveland-based artists, such as Charles Burchfield, Henry Keller, Abel Warshawsky, and Frank N. Wilcox.
The 1890s were Gottwald's most successful years as an artist. During this period he exhibited almost yearly at the National Academy of Design, and the Boston Art Club a few times. He also had two pieces at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. In 1897, he founded a summer art school in Zoar which relocated to Chagrin Falls in 1899.
After his retirement from the school in 1926, he and his wife Myria Scott moved to Italy. They lived there for several years, returning to Cleveland in 1930, after which they retired to Pasadena, California in 1932. Gottwald died there in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20636325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636325" title="Pierre Aubé">
Pierre Aubé

Pierre Aubé (born 23 February 1944, Normandy) is a French medieval specialist and the author of many important books. He was a professor at Rouen. 
Works.
In collaboration : 

</doc>
<doc id="20636330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636330" title="Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)">
Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)

"Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" is a song by American pop recording artist Lady Gaga, from her debut album, "The Fame" (2008). It was released as the third single in Australia, New Zealand and selected European countries, and the fourth single in France. The song is a calypso-styled, mid-tempo ballad, and is about breaking up with one's old partner and finding someone new. Although "Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" was never released as a single in her home country, it received mostly negative reviews from US based critics; who denoted it as "dry and lifeless", blaming it for halting the "bad-girl party atmosphere" of "The Fame".
Failing to match the popularity of her previous singles, the song peaked at number fifteen on the Australian ARIA Charts and at number nine on the RIANZ charts of New Zealand. It proved to be successful in Sweden, where it managed to go as far as number two on the Sverigetopplistan chart. The accompanying Italian-American 1950s-themed music video portrayed Gaga and her friends roaming around the streets of an Italian neighborhood; Gaga riding a Vespa and also singing the song while at home with her boyfriend.
She performed the song on her first headlining The Fame Ball Tour, wearing a black-and-white leotard, and the 2009 shows of The Monster Ball Tour while standing inside a giant gyroscope. The song received radio airplay in United States, but it was not officially released there.
Release.
The single was first released in New Zealand on January 10, 2009 and later in Australia on January 30, 2009. "Eh, Eh" was the second most added song on Australian radio on the week beginning December 15, 2008. It first began to receive airplay on all Today Network stations. The song was confirmed as an Australian single on Lady Gaga's official website on January 15, 2009. An official remix was also posted on her website that day. Another official remix was released on March 3, 2009 featuring brand new cover art. On March 5, 2009, a Pet Shop Boys remix became available for free download on Gaga's Australian website.
Composition.
Musically, "Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" is credited as a ballad compared to the rest of the dance fueled tracks from "The Fame". The song has a 1980s synthpop feeling in it while incorporating the "Eh, Eh" hook from Rihanna's single "Umbrella". Gaga stated that the lyrics of "Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" are about love and she explained that: "'Eh, Eh' is my simple pop song about finding someone new and breaking up with the old boyfriend."
According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, the song is set in the time signature of common time with a moderate tempo of 94 beats per minute. Gaga's vocal range spans from B3 to C5 with the main key in which the song is set being E major. The song follows in the chord progression of E–B–Fm–E–B–Fm.
Critical reception.
"Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" received mixed to negative reviews from music critics. Alexis Petridis from "The Guardian", noted that "Eh, Eh" bears the influence of early 1990s Europop and "is the first song in a long time that warrants comparison to the œuvre of Ace of Base. Matthew Chisling of Allmusic gave a negative review of the song saying "The Fame has it's 'ballad,' however the breezy 'Eh, Eh' doesn't hold water on this album; rather, it feels dry and lifeless, something which holds this album back". Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine said that "the breezy island vibe and soft demeanor of 'Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)' is hard to buy when sandwiched between songs like 'Poker Face' and 'Beautiful, Dirty, Rich.'" Evan Sawdey of PopMatters said that the song is the most embarrassing moment of the album and as a result makes the album come to an intermediate halt thus ruining the "bad-girl party atmosphere". Joey Guerra of "Houston Chronicle" said that "Eh, Eh" is a bouncy standout with some vocal personality. He also added that " would have made a killer Spice Girls single."
Genevieve Koski of "The A.V. Club" called the track scaled-back and criticized Gaga's vocal abilities in the song. Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" called the song listless. Catherine P. Lewis from "The Washington Post" called the song a chirpy ballad. Christina Martin from "The Meridian Star" felt that the song, along with "Summerboy" from "The Fame", is breezy and upbeat pop song." Matt Busekroos from "Quinnipiac Chronicle" said that the song seemed like a filler to him.
Chart performance.
"Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number thirty-eight due to strong digital sales for the issue of January 18, 2009. The following week it climbed to thirty-two and has since peaked at fifteen for the issue of March 1, 2009 making it her third single to hit the top twenty there. After thirteen weeks on the chart, "Eh, Eh" was certified gold for shipment of 35,000 copies by the Australian Recording Industry Association(ARIA). In New Zealand, "Eh, Eh" debuted at number forty on the issue dated January 19, 2009, The following weeks it continued its rise on the chart and ultimately peaked at number nine, spending three weeks there, and becoming her third consecutive top ten hit in New Zealand. The song was certified gold on May 24, 2009, by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand, for shipment of 7,500 copies.
On the "Billboard" issue dated February 21, 2009, "Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 chart at number sixty-eight, despite not being released as a single, but dropped off the chart the following week. The song also debuted at number twenty on the Swedish Singles Chart for the issue dated April 2, 2009, and peaked at two. The song debuted on the Danish Singles Chart at number twenty-eight on May 15, 2009, and peaked at fourteen.
Music video.
The Italian-American 1950s-inspired music video, directed by Joseph Kahn, was shot back to back with the video for the song "LoveGame" on the weekend of January 9, 2009 in Los Angeles. The video starts out showing Little Italy, an icon of the Madonna and Child, and then Gaga riding a Vespa. The first twenty seconds are mainly full of camera shots of different men, Gaga and the city. The first main scene depicts her with some friends, laughing and joking in a restaurant, while she stands on the seat. Gaga then comes from around the block walking with her friends in pace and singing in the camera. Next, she is shown sleeping in a bed, and waking up to reveal pink high-heeled shoes.
Gaga sings and cooks for a man in a house while dancing. She is also shown ironing clothes while the man is on the phone screaming at someone. The two harlequin Great Danes who appear at the start of her "Poker Face" music video, also appear in this one. Finally she lies on a sofa with her legs up on the man. One of the last scene shows her in a yellow dress made of flowers and wearing a yellow watch while singing to the song with a unique hairstyle which shows her hair pulled up and folded over. Then the camera quickly goes back to her in bed.
About the video, Gaga explained that "I wanted to show a different side of myself — perhaps a more domestic girly side. And I wanted to create beautiful, stunning '50s futuristic fashion imagery that would burn holes in everyone's brains."
Live performances.
"Eh, Eh" was performed in a human-beatbox version at the Cherrytree Studios and was released on Lady Gaga's first EP, "The Cherrytree Sessions". The song was also performed at The Wiltern in Los Angeles. The song was majorly performed at Gaga's The Fame Ball Tour in the second segment. Gaga was dressed in a white body plate leotard with black lightning shaped stripes and wore a hat made of toppled dominoes. It was accompanied by open toe shoe-boots and fishnet stockings on her leg.
As the performance of previous song "Money Honey" ended Gaga appeared on the stage beside Space Cowboy on a Vespa whence the music for "Eh, Eh" starts. The backdrops change to reveal lightning shapes in contrast to the sunny nature of the song. Gaga sang the song in its actual form backed by vocals from DJ Space Cowboy who spun the music from a corner of the stage. As the song reached the chorus Gaga asked the crowd to join her while singing and wave their arms. "The New York Times" called the live performance as listless. However, "The Hollywood Reporter" said of the performance that, "In an age of too much information, one of the most refreshing things about Gaga is her mystery. She often hid behind shades, and her mostly incomprehensible, coy and semi-robotic stage patter did little to tell us who's that Lady."
It was also performed on The Monster Ball Tour, where the song signified her rebirth as she descended from the top amidst white lights and mechanical fog. She wore a giant human sized gyroscope around her, which was developed by the "Haus of Gaga" and was named "The Orbit".
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from "The Fame" album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20636337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636337" title="Villains' Lorebook">
Villains' Lorebook

Villains' Lorebook is an accessory for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9552, was published in 1998, and was written by Dale Donovan, with cover art by Todd Lockwood and interior art by David Martin, Fred Fields, Keith Parkinson, Jeff Easley, and Paul Jaquays.
The 160-page book features a two-page introduction, which explains that this book is companion volume to "Heroes' Lorebook". The book compiles information from novels and other sources, as well as 1989's "Hall of Heroes". The book describes 29 characters, each including an illustration, game statistics, suggestions for campaign uses, and a list of the sources consulted for each character's entry. Character descriptions appear on pages 6–59, and include such notables as Artemis Entreri, Elaith Craulnober, Fzoul Chembryl, Halaster Blackcloak, Jarlaxle, Kymil Nimesin, Manshoon, and Szass Tam. The book's center 16-page section (pages 81–96) presents a series of color illustrations depicting many of the characters described in the book in a variety of scenes. Pages 60–106 provides game statistics and descriptions for several monsters, as well as notable individual creatures like Errtu, Kazgaroth, and Tyranthraxus. A number of organizations are described on pages 107-126, such as the Cult of the Dragon, the Drow of Menzoberranzan, the Red Wizards of Thay, and the Zhentarim. A number of magical items and spells are described on pages 127-157. A list of sources mentioned throughout the book can be found on pages 159 and 160.
Additional reading.
Review: "Dragon" #252 (1998)

</doc>
<doc id="20636362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636362" title="Qatar Tribune">
Qatar Tribune

Qatar Tribune is an English-language newspaper published in Doha, Qatar with local and international coverage. The newspapers motto is "First with the News and What's Behind it". "Qatar Tribune" is published by Qatar Information and Marketing (QIM), as are its sister Arabic-language newspaper "Al-Watan" and the monthly women magazine "Jamila". "Qatar Tribune" has a website and Facebook page.
The newspaper is sub-divided into five sections: Main (which features latest local and international happenings), Nation, Business, Sports, and a section entitled "Chillout".

</doc>
<doc id="20636364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636364" title="Bala Gorge, Bolivia">
Bala Gorge, Bolivia

The Bala Gorge (in Spanish 'Angosto del Bala' (or 'Estrecho del Bala')) in Bolivia is where the Beni River breaks through the Bala Mountain Range (in Spanish 'Serranía del Bala') about 12 kilometres south of Rurrenabaque. (The Beni River flows from south to north).
The Bala Gorge is in the Bolivian Amazon rainforest and the west side of the Gorge is in the Madidi National Park. The boundary of the Park follows the Bala Mountain Range towards the west and the Beni River towards the south. (The Park is south of the Mountain Range and west of the River).
A hydroelectric dam project in the Bala Gorge has been proposed (about the year 1998). It has been given up, but the idea has come up again in 2007.
"Bala" means "bullet" or "cannon ball". The landmark "Bala" is the ’shot hole’ in the Bala Mountain Range a little west of the Bala Gorge.
The most spectacular view of the Bala Gorge and the ’shot hole’ Bala landmark is from the north side, seen upstream from the Beni River, when passing the San Miguel del Bala Eco-Lodge, situated 3 kilometres north of the Bala Gorge.
In 1971-1972 D. Sommer and his wife, evangelical missionaries, lived in a house at the foot of the mountain south west of the Gorge, in one of the areas where an indigenous group called the Ese Ejja lived at that time. The missionaries built a house out of jungle materials, but had to move away due to health problems, and later the house was destroyed when the river flooded.

</doc>
<doc id="20636371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636371" title="Nick Coles">
Nick Coles

Nick Coles was an English cricketer who played for Bedfordshire.
Coles appeared in the Minor Counties Championship for the team between 2001 and 2006, but made only a single List A appearance, against Devon, in September 2001. From the lower-middle order, he scored a single run in the only List A innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="20636405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636405" title="Denzil Onslow (of Pyrford)">
Denzil Onslow (of Pyrford)

Denzil Onslow (c.1642 – 27 June 1721) was a British Whig politician. Through advantageous marriages, he obtained a country estate and became prominent in Surrey politics of the Hanoverian era, although his great nephew Arthur Onslow, as Speaker, judged that Denzil knew "no more of the business the House of Commons than one who had been of the standing of a session".
Early career and marriage.
As the sixth son of the Parliamentarian Sir Richard Onslow, he inherited little from his father. He was named after Denzil Holles, who stood as his godfather. Apprenticed in December 1661 to William Peake, of London, he soon turned elsewhere to seek his fortune. His elder brother Arthur had married Mary, the daughter of Sir Thomas Foote, 1st Baronet, a wealthy London grocer. Denzil married Mary's sister Sarah Lewis, the widow of Sir John Lewis, 1st Baronet. The money she brought to the match allowed him to buy the manor of Pyrford from Robert Parkhurst (the fourth of a line of the same name) which comprised approximately in 1677, a mixed quality agricultural estate, with patches of sandy soil and manor house in Surrey.
Rise in Surrey.
Onslow worked assiduously to improve his estate, and his situation improved again when Foote died in 1688; his estate was divided between Mary and Sarah, and Denzil's income rose to £2,000 a year. As his fortunes and social status rose, Onslow began to cultivate political ambitions. He found his opportunity in the Exclusion crisis in 1679 which was an attempt before the successful attempt to dethrone James II of England. Standing as a pro-Exclusion Whig, he was returned as Member of Parliament for the borough of Haslemere. (His brother Arthur was simultaneously returned as MP for the whole county which stretched into today's London, while Arthur's son Richard was returned for the borough of Guildford.) However, a double return was made for the borough, and Denzil was not declared the member until 11 November 1680, triumphing over his rival James Gresham.
Onslow lost his seat in 1681. Around 1686, he was appointed outranger of Windsor Forest, widening the Onslow family's powers over the west of Surrey and which paid Onslow £600 per year. In 1689, in the aftermath of the Glorious Revolution, he recovered his seat at Haslemere. Onslow's political activity is not readily traced; his nephew Foot Onslow seems to have taken a greater part in Parliamentary affairs. He supported Sacheverell's clause excluding from office members of municipal corporations that had surrendered their charters to James II; however, during 1693 and 1694, some observers considered him an adherent of the Court party.
In 1695, he stood alongside his nephew Sir Richard to become a knight of the shire (MP) for Surrey, narrowly eking out a victory over Edward Harvey (which Harvey unsuccessfully appealed to the committee of privileges). Thereafter his votes stamped him as a solid Whig, although his attendance in Parliament was desultory. At the next election in 1698, the Onslow interest was suffering from a scandal: his nephew Foot's electioneering at Guildford after which the family did not dare attempt to monopolize the two seats for Surrey as a whole. He did not return to Parliament until February 1701 in a by-election for Guildford, where Foot had resigned to become an excise officer.
Difficult years.
Safely established at Guildford, Onslow remained a dependable, if not assiduous, supporter of Whig interests, and was rewarded in 1706 with the post of commissioner of victualling, worth £400 a year. The income was of some importance to him, as he had been financially impaired by the death of his wife Sarah, who revenged herself for his extramarital affairs by leaving most of her estate to relatives from her first marriage. During the next several years, Onslow showed considerable interest in promoting the affairs of Surrey in Parliament. However, his new-found support for the impeachment of Henry Sacheverell enhanced the support for Tories who garnered an opposition. Onslow was not unseated in the 1710 election but he faced a difficult contest and seems to have suffered from ill-health. Despite losing his rangership and commissionership in 1711, he continued to follow his party, voting to uphold the principle of "No peace without Spain" (to end the War of the Spanish Succession) in December. His nephew Sir Richard had lost election for Surrey in 1710 but was instead supporter-funded into the House through the rotten borough of St Mawes; in the 1713 election, Denzil allowed Sir Richard to contest Guildford, which he won.
Return to Parliament.
Sir Richard in the same year won the Surrey poll as well, and chose to sit for the county. Denzil returned to Parliament in the resulting by-election in 1714. Although his rival John Walter contested the result before the Committee for Privileges, Onslow was accepted as victor after a long debate. Queen Anne's early Tory Party heyday was over. The Whigs were re-ascendant under George I and as such Onslow regained the lucrative commissionership of the victualling office.
In 1717, Richard (who had been made a baron in 1716) died and was succeeded by his son Thomas triggering a by-election for Surrey. To maintain his family's interest there, Denzil arranged to be reappointed Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest, an office held by Thomas since 1715. As an office of profit under the Crown, this enabled him to vacate his seat at Guildford and contest Surrey, where he was victorious. This is thought to be the second instance where bestowal of an office of profit under the Crown allowed a Member of Parliament to resign his seat.
Onslow died four years later, in 1721. His marriage to Sarah Lewis had been childless, as had a second to the widow Jane Yard, sister of John Weston. Dying without issue, he left his estate to the children of his nephew Richard Onslow, 1st Baron Onslow; of no consequence as he had no children, Denzil had been included in the special remainder for the barony of Onslow.

</doc>
<doc id="20636412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636412" title="Francis Haley House">
Francis Haley House

Francis Haley House is a historic home in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. The house is an Italianate-influenced -story, brick structure built about 1870. It was erected as the residence of a brick manufacturer, Francis Haley.
The Francis Haley House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
References.
National Park Service
The Francis Haley House is a good example of mid-19th-century middle-class domestic architecture, with Italianate elements, in Cumberland. Throughout various eras in American history, middle-class house builders across the country adapted elements from popular 19th-century architectural styles, such as the Italianate, Gothic and Victorian. These styles were applied with a more limited range of features to homes for the middle-class in a way that was less expensive, yet indicated the modernity of the house and its occupants. The Haley House is typical of this type of house form in Cumberland, and provides a contrast to the city's elaborate upper-class Italianate houses, such as those within the Washington Street Historic District.
The Haley House was built around 1870 for successful local brick manufacturer Francis Haley. Haley was active in the brick trade from the 1840s until his death in the early 1880s. In 1875, he was appointed a member of the committee for building a new city hall. Haley was partially responsible for the construction of the surrounding Rolling Mill neighborhood, where his extensive brick yards were located, along with industrial B&O Railroad operations for which the neighborhood was named. With the growth of the railroad, Rolling Mill rapidly expanded. The Haley House was one of the neighborhood's most elaborate homes. His appropriately brick house has been altered very little since Haley's occupancy, and still consist of two perpendicular rectangular blocks with low gabled roofs that are supported by brackets. The windows in the gable end feature rounded arches and the interior details are simple, yet massive. A portion of the original iron fence manufactured in Ohio, still separates the house from the street.

</doc>
<doc id="20636415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636415" title="Texas Tax Reform Commission">
Texas Tax Reform Commission

The Texas Tax Reform Commission (TTRC) was created by Texas Governor Rick Perry in 2005 to modernize the state tax system and provide long-term property tax relief as well as sound financing for public schools. Upon the Commission's creation, Governor Perry requested that the "ultimate recommendations on reforming the state tax structure focus on the goals of lowering property taxes, ensuring greater tax fairness, and providing a long-term, reliable source of funding for public schools" in Texas.
On November 4, 2005, Perry named the 24 members of the Commission. The team included a diverse, bipartisan group of private sector leaders representing all segments of the Texas economy. John Sharp, a Democrat and former Texas Comptroller from 1991 to 1999, was chosen to steer the Commission as its Chairman. 
Over the next four months, the Commission would travel across the State of Texas, holding hearings at which public input by citizens was encouraged. On March 29, 2006, the Commission released its Final Report.

</doc>
<doc id="20636417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636417" title="Fitzhenry &amp; Whiteside">
Fitzhenry &amp; Whiteside

Fitzhenry & Whiteside is a Canadian book publishing company, located in Markham, Ontario. It publishes trade titles in children's and young adult fiction, textbooks, reference, history, biography, photography, sports and poetry.
The company was founded in 1966 by two former employees of other publishing houses: Robert I. Fitzhenry and Cecil L. Whiteside. It began as a distributor in Canada for American publishers such as Harper & Row, then started publishing reference works and nonfiction. Their lineup still includes such titles as "The Fitzhenry and Whiteside Book of Canadian Facts and Dates." In the 1990s and 2000s, the company bought several other Canadian publishers, including Fifth House, Trifolium Books, Stoddart Kids and Red Deer Press, expanding their repertoire to include children's fiction and science fiction. The company is privately owned by Fitzhenry's family.
Authors published with Fitzhenry & Whiteside include Bernice Thurman Hunter ("The Girls They Left Behind"; Red Maple Award shortlist 2007), and 
Kari-Lynn Winters ("Gift Days").
Awards.
Four Fitzhenry & Whiteside titles have won Governor General's Literary Awards: 
In addition, the company's books and authors have collected many other awards over the years.
Fifth House division.
Fifth House is a Canadian book publishing company, located in Markham, Ontario, and a subsidiary of Fitzhenry & Whiteside. It publishes trade titles in history, native studies, photography, science & nature, and social science.
Fifth House has won Alberta Publisher of the Year two years running in 2007 and 2008. 
Fifth House books have won many Saskatchewan and Alberta Book prizes and awards from the Canadian Authors Association as well as two gold awards from Cuisine Canada for "High Plains: The Joy of Alberta Cuisine" by Cinda Chavich.
Two titles, Lisa Christensen’s "A Hiker’s Guide to Art in the Canadian Rockies" and Brian Brennan’s "Scoundrels & Scallywags", have been shortlisted for the Grant MacEwan Literary Award, and in 2004 Brennan became the first recipient of the Dave Greber Award for freelance writing for "Romancing the Rockies".

</doc>
<doc id="20636420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636420" title="A Fowl Proceeding">
A Fowl Proceeding

A Fowl Proceeding is a 1925 silent-era British short comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod.

</doc>
<doc id="20636421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636421" title="Lee Morgan Indeed!">
Lee Morgan Indeed!

Lee Morgan Indeed! is the debut album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1957. It was recorded on November 4, 1956 and features performances by Morgan, Clarence Sharpe, Horace Silver, Wilbur Ware and Philly Joe Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20636465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636465" title="A Friend of Cupid">
A Friend of Cupid

A Friend of Cupid is a 1925 silent-era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod.

</doc>
<doc id="20636486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636486" title="Cats (1925 film)">
Cats (1925 film)

Cats is a 1925 silent-era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother, Frank Stanmore and Irene Tripod.

</doc>
<doc id="20636529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636529" title="Thomas Koon House">
Thomas Koon House

Thomas Koon House is a historic home in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a brick Prairie-style house of large scale built about 1912. It features arranged rectangular blocks with large expanses of window space, a terra cotta tiled hip roof, and a small similarly influenced detached garage. The house was designed by Lafferty and Holmboe of Baltimore for Doctor Thomas W. Koon, who arrived in Cumberland setting up an "active general practice" in May 1900.
The Thomas Koon House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20636547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636547" title="The Return of Raffles">
The Return of Raffles

The Return of Raffles is a 1933 British crime film directed by Mansfield Markham and starring George Barraud, Camilla Horn and Claud Allister. It is based on the A.J. Raffles stories by EW Hornung and inspired by the success of the 1930 American film Raffles, to which it serves as a loose sequel.

</doc>
<doc id="20636567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636567" title="W07BP-D">
W07BP-D

W07BP-D is an independent educational broadcaster operated by the Marion County public school system in Ocala, Florida. It currently transmits with one kilowatt on VHF channel 7, with programming covering academic subjects such as literature and language, American and world history, arts and entertainment, science and mathematics. Local productions include "Classroom Connection", "Scholar of the Month", and the "Marion Education Channel Game of the Week". 
Originally known only as W07BP, the station flash-cut to digital television on its existing channel on February 1, 2009. Shortly afterward, the station's calls were slightly changed to "W07BP-D".

</doc>
<doc id="20636589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636589" title="Justice Harrison">
Justice Harrison

Justice Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20636628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636628" title="George Truog House">
George Truog House

George Truog House is a historic home in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story brick structure built in 1903. The house was designed by local architect Wright Butler, and built by George Truog, proprietor of the Maryland Glass Etching Works in Cumberland from 1893-1911. It contains a unique collection of decorative glass.
The George Truog House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20636644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636644" title="Non-Darwinian Evolution">
Non-Darwinian Evolution

"Non-Darwinian Evolution" is a scientific paper written by Jack Lester King and Thomas H. Jukes and published in 1969. It is credited, along with Motoo Kimura's 1968 paper "Evolutionary Rate at the Molecular Level", with proposing what became known as the neutral theory of molecular evolution. The paper brings together a wide variety of evidence, ranging from protein sequence comparisons to studies of the Treffers mutator gene in "E. coli" to analysis of the genetic code to comparative immunology, to argue that most protein evolution is due to neutral mutations and genetic drift. It was published in the journal "Science" on May 16, 1969.
The idea of evolution at the molecular level being driven by the random processes of mutation and genetic drift, largely independent from natural selection, was controversial at the time; the provocative title further emphasized the break with mainstream evolutionary thought, which was dominated by the synthetic theory of evolution, often referred to as "Neo-Darwinism". Although they argued for essentially the same conclusion as Motoo Kimura's earlier paper, King and Jukes criticized one of Kimura's central arguments, an estimate of the rate of amino acid change in proteins that according to Kimura would indicate an impossibly high genetic load if the changes were caused by natural selection. The paper was initially rejected by its reviewers (one thought it was trivial and the other thought it was totally wrong ), but was published after an appeal. This time, the reviewer was James F. Crow, Motoo Kimura's collaborator. Despite the intentionally inflammatory title and "antiauthoritarian tone"—which according to historian Michael R. Dietrich "undoubtedly struck a nerve", especially since King and Jukes worked at UC Berkeley during that period of political unrest—the paper acknowledges the significance of natural selection; it merely argues against panselectionism (as advocated at the molecular level by G. G. Simpson and Emil L. Smith in particular). From 1969 until the early 1970s, the concept of neutral mutations driven to fixation by genetic drift was known as "Non-Darwinian Evolution"; it was subsequently termed the "neutral theory of molecular evolution".
"Non-Darwinian Evolution" generated considerable interest in neutral mutations, and became very influential in the field of molecular evolution. The response by critics (including direct rebuttals by Bryan Clarke and Rollin Richmond), and subsequent replies (by King and Jukes, Kimura, and others), marked the beginning of the neutralist/selectionist controversy. In the 1970s and 1980s, Kimura became the chief advocate of the neutral theory, but he adopted a number of King and Jukes' arguments and de-emphasized genetic load.

</doc>
<doc id="20636649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636649" title="The Best of Tevin Campbell">
The Best of Tevin Campbell

The Best of Tevin Campbell is a greatest hits album for R&B singer Tevin Campbell, released in 2001 by Qwest Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20636655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636655" title="Ludlam, Florida">
Ludlam, Florida

"This page is about a location in Florida. For other uses of the term 'Ludlam', see Ludlam (disambiguation)
Ludlam is an unincorporated community in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is located just south of the city of West Miami.
Ludlam Road is a major road through the area.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="20636669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636669" title="Menfro (soil)">
Menfro (soil)

Menfro soil is a series of deep, well drained, moderately permeable soils formed in thick loess deposits. It is found in central and eastern Missouri and west-central and southwestern Illinois on upland ridgetops, backslopes, and benches adjacent to the Missouri and Mississippi rivers and their major tributaries. Menfro soils are prime farmland where the slope is less than 6 percent.
Menfro soil strata consist of:
Menfro is the state soil of Missouri.
It was the first soil to go on display when Scientists from the Natural Resources Conservation Service of the USDA, the Soil Science Society of America and others worked with exhibit designers from the Smithsonian Institution on a display of soil monoliths from every state.

</doc>
<doc id="20636692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636692" title="Principles of ecopreneurship">
Principles of ecopreneurship

Principles of ecopreneurship help guide sustainable business leaders and environmental entrepreneurs or "ecopreneurs".
Energy and resource use efficiency and maximization.
As described by Lester Brown of the Earth Policy Institute, “In nature, one-way linear flows do not long survive. Nor, by extension, can they long survive in the human economy that is a part of the earth's ecosystem. The challenge is to redesign the materials economy so that it is compatible with the ecosystem.”
By minimizing waste production and maximizing reuse of waste streams, sustainable business can significantly increase profits. Key aspects to measure include solid waste, liquid waste, wastewater, air pollution, energy use, carbon emissions resulting from reduced transportation, hazardous chemical use, excess product supply, industrial waste as enterprise raw material, and the sustainability of raw materials (ability to consistently source raw material without reducing raw material supply or negatively impacting ecosystem).
Ecosystem services.
Most natural resources are valued due to their economic importance. The ecosystem provides additional services that do not traditionally have monetary value in the economy and therefore are not considered in business finances but are indispensable to economies, such as mitigation of droughts and floods, soil generation, and waste detoxification and breakdown. In recent years economists have begun to recognize and explore the value of nature’s services, as more and more frequently businesses and economies are losing income and growth potential due to environmental degradation. This has resulted in the development of markets for carbon, biodiversity, and water. These marketplaces provide opportunity for businesses to gain income by protecting local resources and preventing environmental damage.
Natural Step.
According to the Natural Step framework, a sustainable society must:
Eco-efficiency and eco-effectiveness.
Eco-efficiency was initially coined by the World Business Council on Sustainable Development to describe methods of decreasing waste while increasing productivity. William McDonough’s design firm, MBDC, takes that a step further to reflect cradle-to-cradle thinking of waste equaling food. Under this model, eco-effectiveness refers to “industrial systems that emulate the healthy abundance of nature” so that the waste of the production process and the product itself can be the raw materials of a new product or service.

</doc>
<doc id="20636718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636718" title="Mansfield Markham">
Mansfield Markham

Mansfield Markham (13 December 1905 – 1971) was the second son of Sir Arthur Markham, and his wife, Lady Lucy Markham., and became a British film producer and director.
Marriage to Beryl Markham.
In 1927 he married the aviator Beryl Markham, becoming her second husband, and they had a son, Gervase. However after the birth of their child she shocked their high society contemporaries by embarking on an affair with Henry, Duke of Gloucester, the son of Queen Mary. Markham, in the process threatening to name the prince in the proceedings, and so the queen stepped in to grant Beryl a small annual income. After Beryl's successful Atlantic crossing Markham filed for divorce as Beryl embarked on the next affair with Hubert Broad, who was named in the divorce proceedings. She eventually returned to Africa to pick up the pieces of her life, their son was brought up by Markham's mother Lady Lucy Markham.
Movies.
Markham went into the movie business, and directed eight films in the early 1930s, including 1933's The Return of Raffles.
Later life.
After his mother's death in 1960, Markham took control of Commodore Shipping, a business which began life in the late 1940s as an excursion operator in the South East of England using former Royal Navy vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="20636723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636723" title="Sons of the Jackal">
Sons of the Jackal

Sons of the Jackal is a 2007 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. Lyrical themes on the album include horror motifs, the devastation of nuclear war and occult and religious ideas and actions. Unusually for a Western metal album some lyrics draw on Islamic eschatology and history in places ("Alamut awake,
Hear its divine call, I am incarnate, The breath of Dajjal" from "Atomicide") and make equal attacks of both Mohammed and Jesus Christ ("I tear out the eyes of Jesus, As he hangs upon the cross, I blind the face of Mohammed, And throw his body to the boards" from "Ten Horns Arise"). The song "Son of the Jackal" is a reference to the Anti-Christ character of Damien in the Omen horror movies, who was born in such a manner. "Sons of the Jackal" peaked at #54 on the German albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20636740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636740" title="True Colors Series">
True Colors Series

The True Colors series is a series of Christian themed books by Melody Carlson. The Colour Series are catered for a teenage audience. Topics in this series include sexuality, drug and alcohol abuse, suicide, eating disorders, and friendships.

</doc>
<doc id="20636749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636749" title="CBWD">
CBWD

CBWD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20636773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636773" title="2009 in poetry">
2009 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Works published in English.
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
United States.
Poets in "The Best American Poetry 2009".
These poets appeared in "The Best American Poetry 2009", with David Lehman, general editor, and David Wagoner, guest editor (who selected the poetry): 
Works published in other languages.
India.
Listed in alphabetical order by first name:
Russia.
Books of poetry were published this year by Igor Bulatovsky, Ilya Kucherov, Dmitry Grigoryev, Natalya Chernykh, Aleksey Porvin, Boris Khersonsky, Aleksandr Mironov, Gali-Dana Zinger and Vadim Mesyats
Awards and honors.
Awards announced this year:
United States awards and honors.
From the Poetry Society of Virginia Student Poetry Contest.
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: S-3 Category – Grades 5 & 6
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: S-4 Category – Grades 7 & 8
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: S-5 Category – Grades 9 & 10
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: S-6 Category – Grades 11 & 12
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: S-7 Category – Community College
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: S-8 Category – Undergraduate College
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: Poetry Society Prize
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: Jenkins Prize
2009 Student Poetry Contest Winners :: Virginia Student Prize
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="20636782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636782" title="Abra Cadaver (novel)">
Abra Cadaver (novel)

Abra Cadaver is a crime novel by the American writer James N. Tucker set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of Dr. Jack Merlin, full-time surgeon, part-time magician, and now sleuth, who discovers the body of an old classmate in the gross anatomy lab at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000142340.

</doc>
<doc id="20636787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636787" title="List of One Piece films">
List of One Piece films

Since the premiere of the series on television, Toei Animation has also produced twelve "One Piece" feature films, traditionally released during the Japanese school spring break since 2000. The first three films were less than an hour long and played as part of a double-bill with other anime films. In typical fashion for films based on serialized manga, the films feature self-contained, completely original plots with animation of higher quality than what the weekly anime allows for. The films are distributed by Toei Company.
Additionally, three of these films have had special featurette shorts, showcasing the characters engaged in various activities unrelated to the series. They were shown dancing in "Jango's Dance Carnival" with "Clockwork Island Adventure"; playing soccer in "Dream Soccer King!" with "Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals"; and playing baseball in "Take Aim! The Pirate Baseball King" with "The Cursed Holy Sword".
Film list.
One Piece.
"One Piece" is the first animated feature film of the franchise, starring Mayumi Tanaka as Monkey D. Luffy, Kazuya Nakai as Roronoa Zoro, Akemi Okamura as Nami, and Kappei Yamaguchi as Usopp. It premiered in Japan on March 4, 2000 and was released to DVD on January 21, 2001. The film was shown in a double bill with "". In their first week of showing, they made a second place in the Japanese box office, a third place during their second week, and two first places during their fourth and fifth weeks. In total, they earned 2,160,000,000 Japanese yen.
The legend of the Great Gold Pirate Woonan remains intact, years after his disappearance. Many pirates search for his mountain of gold hidden on a remote island. Among them are Captain El Drago and his men. By hunting down every member of Woonan's former crew, they eventually take possession of a map to that hidden island. On their way there, they meet and decide to rob the Straw Hat Pirates, who, still lacking a cook, are close to starvation. A short fight ensues, during which Luffy, Zoro, and Tobio, a boy who ran away from home to become part of Woonan's crew, are separated from the other Straw Hats and their ship, staying afloat on the shattered remains of what at some point was a boat. Following the scent of food, they quickly arrive at a floating oden bar, run by Tobio's grandfather, Ganzo. El Drago and his crew land on Woonan's island, where they encounter Usopp, who, to evade being killed, convinces them, that he is a professional treasure hunter, offers them his help, and using their map, starts leading them around. Meanwhile somewhere else on the island, Zoro and Luffy, chained together for trying to eat-and-run, get lost and attempt to get back to the shore. With the help of Nami, Usopp gets away from the enemy crew. The Straw Hats meet up and take a closer look at the treasure map. They conclude, that Woonan's treasure must be hidden on the island's only mountain and set out to climb it. On their way up, they meet Ganzo, who reveals to them, that he and Woonan had grown up like brothers, in the same village. On top of the mountain, they find an empty house, with a secret entry to a basement. El Drago and his men arrive and are beaten by Luffy and Zoro. Then the group climbs into the basement. There, Woonan's skeleton is sitting in an empty room, a message for his old friend Ganzo written on the walls. With no gold left to find on that island, the Straw Hats set sail, resuming course for the Grand Line.
Clockwork Island Adventure.
"Clockwork Island Adventure" is the second animated feature film of the franchise and the first to additionally star Hiroaki Hirata as Sanji. It premiered in Japan on March 3, 2001 and was released to DVD on October 21, 2001. The film was shown in a double bill with "". In total, they earned 3,000,000,000 Japanese yen. The film was shown along with a six-minute featurette short named .
While the Straw Hats enjoy a warm day at the beach, their ship with all their equipment and weapons is stolen. They can do nothing but watch, as it disappears into the distance. A week later, dressed in cloth from a rental store for wedding ceremonies and riding a one-person paddle boat they set out to go after their lost belongings. At sea, they encounter the boy Akizu and the young man Borodo. The two call themselves the Thief Brothers and claim to be after a well known treasure, called the Diamond Clock from Clockwork Island. Actually, they are the ones who stole the Straw Hat's ship and brought it to Clockwork Island to make the Straw Hats fight the Trump Siblings. The Trump Siblings Boo Jack, Honey Queen, Skunk One, Pin Joker and Bear King (the leader), are another pirate crew who occupied Clockwork Island for years and forced its inhabitants to build weapons. A number of ships bearing the mark of the Trump Siblings appear and a short fight ensues, during which the Thief Brothers' ship is destroyed and Nami abducted. Using mere pieces of wood to stay afloat and an improvised sail for propulsion, the group manages to reach the foot of Clockwork Island. A long, circular staircase, laced with deadly traps, leads up to the actual island. There, Nami makes the acquaintance of the Trump Siblings' captain, Bear King. He takes a liking to her and decides to make her his bride. Eventually the Thief Brothers and the remaining Straw Hats make it to the end of the stairway and onto the main island. A beautiful landscape appears in front of them, but the island's citizens are in no mood to cherish it. Not knowing that Akizu is their son, a pair of them tells the group of the island's past. Then the heroes go storming the Trump Siblings' stronghold, built around the island's key, which holds the island together. One after another, the Straw Hats get picked off and captured, until only Luffy remains. Once he reaches the stronghold's top and frees his crew, the movie climaxes in an all out battle, during which the Trump Siblings are defeated and the island's key is destroyed. Clockwork Island crashes down into the ocean, but Akizu reunites with his family and the Straw Hats reclaim their ship. ouch
Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals.
"Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals" is the third animated feature film of the franchise and the first to additionally star Ikue Ohtani as Tony Tony Chopper. It premiered in Japan on March 2, 2002 and was released to DVD on October 21, 2002. The film was shown in a double bill with "". Starting with their first week of showing, the films made a six weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office, placing third in the first two weeks, fifth and fourth in the third and fourth weeks, respectively, and sixth in the fifth and sixth weeks. In total, they earned 2,000,000,000 Japanese yen, according to the Motion Picture Producers Association of Japan and 13,107,237 United States dollar, according to Box Office Mojo. The film was show along with a six-minute featurette short named .
With Chopper as their newest member, the Straw Hats arrive at the Island of Strange Animals. Before they can land, a geyser-like fountain sends their ship flying. Chopper falls off and lands in the middle of a gathering of animals. They are performing a ritual, which according to their legend, is supposed to cause a king to fall from the heavens. Believing that legend fulfilled, they proclaim Chopper their new king. The other Straw Hats, searching for their lost crewmate, make the acquaintance of the self-proclaimed genius and expert treasure hunter Count Butler, with his henchmen General Hot Dog and President Snake. Butler is in search of the horns of a particular animal living on the island, which when eaten bestows great power upon the eater. For that purpose, he uses a hoard of bovinae-like animals called horn eaters, which he controls by playing music on a special violin, to round up horn bearing animals. The Straw Hats, unknowingly, lead Butler to Chopper and the group of animals, whose king he has become. Butler gives the gathered animals an ultimatum, to hand over their king, whose horns he believes to be what he is looking for, or to be crushed by his horn eaters. But Chopper does not need to be turned over. He steps forward himself and lures the horn eaters away from the island's animals. A fight ensues and it does not take long until the remaining Straw Hats join in to take their fill. Zoro takes on Hot Dog and Sanji fights with Snake, while Usopp and Nami take care of the horn eaters. Butler fights with Chopper and is about to finish him off, when Momambi, a young boy and only human inhabitant of the island shows up with the former king's horns to lure Butler away from Chopper. The plan backfires, as Butler gets hold of the horns, quickly stuffs them down, and transforms into a large, horned, gorilla-like animal. With that he appears to be winning, until the islands animals and Luffy enter the fight. Luffy defeats Butler, breaks his horns, thus canceling his transformation, and sends him flying. Mobambi fears to be exiled from the island for losing the former king's horns, but instead is elected to be the new animal king.
Dead End Adventure.
"Dead End Adventure" is the fourth animated feature film of the franchise and the first to additionally star Yuriko Yamaguchi as Nico Robin. It premiered in Japan on March 1, 2003 and was released to DVD on July 21, 2003. The film made a seven weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office, placing second in its first week of showing, then fifth for two weeks, sixth for another two weeks, seventh in its sixth week, and tenth in its seventh week of showing. In Japan it earned at total of 2,000,000,000 Japanese yen, according to the Motion Picture Producers Association of Japan and 14,794,017 US dollar, according to Box Office Mojo. Internationally, it earned 14,817,006 US dollar.
In a port town pub, the once again flat broke Straw Hats witness a suspicious exchange between a customer and the proprietor. Nami immediately senses money and endeavors to convince the host to give her whatever information he had given him. The other Straw Hats join in and soon he is persuaded. He shows them to a backdoor, behind which they find a long and winding tunnel. That tunnel leads to a large underground chamber, where a number of pirate crews have a gathering. The island they are on, turns out to be the starting point of an irregularly occurring, anything-goes sailing competition. For a moment, the Straw Hats weigh whether it is wise to join in the race, considering that two giants and a crew of fish-men, who were once the rivals of Arlong's gang, were participating as well. But once they learn the height of the price money, not entering is out of the question. From the bookmaker they receive an eternal pose, to lead them to the goal of the race. Free food is available at the bottom of the chamber and Luffy makes extensive use of it. His eating habit of stealing other people's food quickly angers the bounty hunter Shuraiya Bascùd, as well as a group of men from General Gasparde's crew. Gasparde is a deserted marine, with a bounty more than three times as high as Luffy's and said to be the race's favorite. A fight arises, and after Luffy and Shuraiya beat up his men, they find themselves standing before the general himself. He is impressed with their skill and offers both of them to work under him. Of course they refuse, but Luffy finds some insulting words to do it and is caught off guard by Gasparde's right hand man, Needles. Luffy's courage impresses Gasparde even more. He renews his offer, orders Needles to let go of the rookie pirate, and leaves the room. The next morning, a strong ocean current starts the race, by pushing the ships upstream over the island. As soon as they are over the top, the various crews start shooting broadsides, board each other's ships, and ram their competitors out of the water. But once the island is left behind, the field quickly clears up, leaving the Straw Hats time to eat. While inspecting the ship, Zoro discovers a boy named Anaguma, who had stowed away in order to earn money by killing some pirate to buy medicine for his adoptive grandfather, who works as an engineer on Gasparde's partially steam powered ship. The race continues. After fighting yet another rival crew and an encounter with a group of large sea kings, they arrive at the island the eternal pose is pointing to. The eternal poses were all mislabeled and led the fleet of unsuspecting pirates into reach of the cannons of the navy stronghold Navarone. Luffy has no doubt as to whose fault it is. They turn around and, using Chopper's fine nose, attempt to catch up with Gasparde's ship. Shuraiya, who had followed Gasparde's invitation to come along on his ship, turns against him to take revenge for Gasparde's killing his parents and sister. He fights Needles and throws him over board, but stands no chance against Gasparde's Syrup-Syrup Logia-type powers, which allow him to turn parts or all of his body into liquid or solid candy. The general is about to kill the bounty hunter, when the Straw Hats arrive and catch his attention. Luffy confronts him and the two engage in a fierce but one-sided battle. Any attack Luffy throws at his opponent causes his limbs to get stuck in Gasparde's body. Only after Sanji gives two sacks of flour to Luffy, can he overcome the villain's ability. Anaguma turns out to be a girl and Shuraiya's thought-dead sister, Adele Bascùd. With all their competitors taken out, the Straw Hats are about to arrive at the goal of the race, when a fleet of navy ships appears and forces them to abandon their prize money.
The Cursed Holy Sword.
"The Cursed Holy Sword" is the fifth animated feature film of the franchise. It premiered in Japan on March 6, 2004 and was released to DVD on July 21, 2004. The film made a five weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office. In its first week of showing, it made a third place, a fourth place in its second week, followed by three weeks in fifth place. In Japan it earned at total of 1,800,000,000 Japanese yen, according to the Motion Picture Producers Association of Japan. Box Office Mojo reports a total gross revenue of 13,422,333 US dollar for both the Japanese and international markets. The film was show along with a five-minute featurette short named .
Zoro goes missing, as the Straw Hat's restock. On their search for him, Sanji follows Maya, a girl of the island, to a village. There, Zoro appears, accompanied by a group of marines. Zoro wields his sword against Sanji and takes three jewel balls from Maya. Luffy stumbles upon a training center of the local Marine division. There, he encounters Saga, the leader of the center and owner of the Seven Star Sword, who made Zoro take the balls to revive that swords slumbering power. Luffy fights him, but falls from a cliff. The Seven Stars Sword was that which had ruined the country of Asuka with its cursed power a long time ago and had therefore been sealed. But with a night of a red full moon, that occurs only once every hundred years, the jewel balls in his possession, and Zoro on his side, only the remaining Straw Hats stand in Saga's way to reviving the swords true power.
Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island.
"Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island" is the sixth animated feature film of the franchise. It premiered in Japan on March 5, 2005 and was released to DVD on July 21, 2005. The film made a six weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office. It made a third place in its first week of showing, a fourth place in its second week, followed by two sixed places, a fifth place in its fifth week, and a seventh place in the sixth week. In Japan it earned at total of 1,200,000,000 Japanese yen, according to the Motion Picture Producers Association of Japan and 10,466,247 US dollar, according to Box Office Mojo. Internationally, it earned 10,494,545 US dollar.
The Straw Hats visit a recreational island, run by Baron Omatsuri, the former captain of a pirate crew, who were killed years ago. Being the only survivor, he then started hating all close-knit groups of pirates and wishing to separate them. He and his henchmen seed distrust among the Straw Hats and capture them one by one, leaving only Luffy to free his crew from the Baron's hold. Luffy also meets some new friends. The animation in this movie is very different from the regular series, using the style often seen in Mamoru Hosoda's films. Some of the later episodes use styles similar to those seen in this movie. 
The story also differs from the usually carefree and high strung style of writing that One Piece follows. The movie follows a darker style of writing which was received with mixed reviews.
Giant Mecha Soldier of Karakuri Castle.
"Giant Mecha Soldier of Karakuri Castle" is the seventh animated feature film of the franchise. It premiered in Japan on March 4, 2006 and was released to DVD on July 21, 2006. The film made six weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office. It made a fourth place in its first week of showing, a six place in its second week, and a seventh place in its third week. In its fourth week of showing, the film placed sixth again, followed by a fifth place in week five, and a tenth place in its sixth week of showing. The film earned a total of 6,961,436 US dollars in Japan and 7,232,965 US dollars in international markets.
The Straw Hats visit an island, known as Mecha Island, where a fisherman sings an old folk song about a Golden Crown. Searching for that mysterious treasure, they find a hidden entrance into the island. The island's leader, Ratchet, impressed with the find and in search of the Golden Crown himself, invites the crew to join him in his search and the crew along with Ratchet and his henchmen enter the cave. As it turns out, the island's true form is that of a giant turtle. Ratchet, who had known this all along, uses his mechanical castle to take control of the turtle wishing to use it to take over the world. Now the Straw Hats have to stop not only Ratchet, but also the helpless turtle, from crashing into a nearby island.
The Desert Princess and the Pirates: Adventures in Alabasta.
"The Desert Princess and the Pirates: Adventures in Alabasta" is the eighth animated feature film of the franchise and the only "One Piece" film to additionally star Misa Watanabe as Nefeltari Vivi. It premiered in Japan on March 3, 2007 and was released to DVD on July 21, 2007. The film was licensed by Funimation Entertainment and given a limited theatrical release in the United States on February 7, 2008. Funimation also released the film to DVD on February 19, 2008 and to Blu-ray on January 27, 2009. The film placed four times in the Top 10 of the Japanese weekend box office. It placed second in its first week, fourth in its second week, and both ninth in its third and fifth weeks of showing. The film earned 7,075,924 US dollars in Japan, 7,084,304 US dollars in international markets (excluding the US and Canada), and 7,090,891 US dollars worldwide.
The Straw Hats travel to Alabasta, the desert island and home of Nefertari Vivi. They find the country in the middle of a revolution. Sir Crocodile, the country's hero, secretly used his criminal organization, Baroque Works, to undermine the citizens' trust in Cobra, Vivi's father and head of the Kingdom of Sand, in order to seize the throne and the country's hidden secret for himself. The crew now has to cross the desert, stop the revolution, save thousands of lives from Baroque Works hidden bombers, and most of all, defeat Crocodile, one of the mighty Seven Warlords of the Sea.
Episode of Chopper Plus: Bloom in the Winter, Miracle Cherry Blossom.
"Episode of Chopper Plus: Bloom in the Winter, Miracle Cherry Blossom" is the ninth animated feature film of the franchise and the first to additionally star Kazuki Yao as Franky. It premiered in Japan on March 1, 2008 and was released to DVD on July 21, 2008. The film made a five weeks run in the Top 10 of the Japanese box office. It placed third in its first week of showing, seventh in its second, eighth in its third week, tenth in its fourth week, and ninth in its fifth week. It earned 8,619,115 US dollars in Japan and 8,654,110 US dollars internationally.
It is the second film to focus on Chopper, as it is a retelling of the Drum Island storyline from the manga. It features Franky, Nico Robin, and the "Thousand Sunny", who weren't present in the original version.
Strong World.
Strong World is the tenth feature film in the "One Piece" franchise. It is the first film to additionally star Chō as Brook. It was released December 12, 2009. This film has a prequel in the manga showing the origins of Shiki and was published in an issue of Shonen Jump. This is the first film Eiichiro Oda personally wrote, in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the anime series.
The story takes place just after the "Thriller Bark" anime storyline. The plot involves the East Blue under siege by a ruthless pirate named Shiki or "Golden Lion Shiki" and Nami getting kidnapped.
It's up to the Straw Hats to stop Shiki from destroying the East Blue and save Nami.
Straw Hat Chase.
"Straw Hat Chase" is the eleventh animated feature film in the "One Piece" series and the first to also use computer animation. It was directed by Hiroyuki Satō and was released in Japan on March 19, 2011, and was released to DVD and Blu-ray on July 20, 2011. It was double billed with the "Toriko" film "Toriko 3D: Kaimaku! Gourmet Adventure!" The film features Tomomitsu Yamaguchi as Schneider and Buzz, and the music was written and performed by the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Luffy desperately tries to find his missing straw hat, and after extensive searching usopp discovers that an eagle has it. Luffy and the entire Crew proceed to chase it. While searching for Luffy's hat, Chopper discoveres an old man lying half dead on a ship. While Luffy continues chasing the eagle and eventually crashes it into a marine base, the old man named Schneider wakes up. Chopper noticed that he had been mumbling the name Bazz in his sleep, and asks him who it is. Schneider tells chopper that Bazz was his nakama and that he was a dog that ate the "tori tori no mi: model eagle". He tells chopper that he told Bazz to steal Monkey D. Luffy's hat and then he could come back. He thought that telling Bazz this would force him to abandon Schneider, because he didn't want Bazz to see him die. When chopper informs him that not only did Bazz successfully steal luffy's hat, but that he was on the strawhat pirates ship. Schneider immediately jumps out of bed and runs to save Bazz who at that moment is trapped in a cage with Luffy made of kairouseki. After luffy's crew Frees him and Bazz, Schneider apologizes to Bazz and tells him to give up on the hat. Luffy meanwhile is fighting his way through a whole marine base along with three giants. Finally he makes to the marine captain holding his hat only to have him throw it out to sea. Luffy immediately jumps out after it and almost has it when he starts to fall. Bazz then comes to his rescue and Luffy finally retrieves his hat. Afterwards Schenider and Bazz decide to go back out to sea and Schneider tells Luffy to be careful with his hat.
One Piece: Film Z.
The 12th One Piece movie was released on December 15, 2012. As with Strong World, it is overseen by Eiichiro Oda. As well, it is the first One Piece movie to take place in the New World, after the two-year time-skip.
Zephyr (referred to as Z), an ex-admiral of the marines and leader of the Neo Navy, gets a hold on Dyna Stones, that, when exposed to oxygen, explode. Using these rocks, he plans on destroying the 3 End Points (3 volcanoes in the New World that connect to other lava sources) and flood the New World with lava. When he runs into the Straw Hats and turns Nami and Chopper into kids, it's up to Luffy, his crew, and other unexpected allies to find and stop Z from finishing his evil plan while trying to avoid, not only the Neo Navy, but the Navy as well.
The movie also portrays the cast wearing Armani Exchange suits in one part of the movie, possibly as a promotional campaign. This was done in collaboration with the creator of the series, Eiichiro Oda, who selected the outfits designed by Armani Exchange. The Shibuya branch of Armani Exchange sells some of the suits in the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20636797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636797" title="Reuben Klamer">
Reuben Klamer

Reuben Klamer (born in Canton, Ohio) is an inventor of the classic Milton Bradley (currently owned by Hasbro) board game "The Game Of Life." He has invented more than 200 products which include toys, games, textiles, plastics, aviation, publishing, music, and film.
Early life.
Klamer studied ancient and modern history at George Washington University and earned an additional Bachelor of Science marketing degree from Ohio State University, then did postgraduate work in engineering at the University of Michigan. 
In World War II he enlisted in the U.S. Navy Midshipman School at Northwestern University in 1943, and served in the South Pacific. 
He started his own advertising agency then worked for Ideal Toy Company later becoming an executive in Eldon Industries.
Toys.
Klamer created the Art Linkletter Spin-A-Hoop to compete with Wham-O’s hula hoop as well as "Gaylord the Walking Dog", "Busy Blocks" and Fisher-Price.
Television.
Klamer was approached by the producers of the NBC TV series "The Man From U.N.C.L.E." television series to design a special weapon for the show's secret agents. Klamer produced a toy version for Ideal where the weapon “converts into rifle with: stock, silencer, telescopic sight, bipod,” according to the box.
Inspired by the weapon, "Star Trek" producer Gene Rodenberry approached Klamer about designing "a really big gun" when network executives demanded his show be more "action packed". He built the phaser rifle used in the "Where No Man Has Gone Before" episode of ""
The Game of Life.
Klamer did not approach Milton Bradley with intent of selling them his idea of a board game. In June 1959, Klamer tried to sell Milton Bradley an art center concept but it was turned down. The president of Milton Bradley, James Shea, Sr. asked Klamer to develop a game in celebration of the 100th anniversary of Milton Bradley Company and he immediately accepted.
After months of development, Klamer created The Game of Life, which later became a family classic board game. Klamer revealed his game for the first time in 1960 at the American International Toy Fair in Milton Bradley's showroom. The Game of Life sold more than 50 million copies.
Klamer had a popular television host for Art Linkletter endorse his game which helped add to its success.
Honors.
He was inducted into the Toy Industry Hall of Fame in 2005.
Klamer received the TAGIE Lifetime Achievement Award in 2009 and in 2000 was inducted into the Hasbro's Inventor's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20636801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636801" title="Technical Assistance Response Unit">
Technical Assistance Response Unit

The Technical Assistance Response Unit (TARU) is a unit of the New York City Police Department. TARU provides investigative technical equipment and tactical support to all bureaus within the department, in addition they also provide assistance to other City, State and Federal agencies. The unit also deals with several forms of computer forensics. The unit is based in NYPD headquarters at One Police Plaza.
Other activities of the TARU include the recording of actions undertaken by police and protestors during demonstrations. The Handschu agreement does, however, restrict the recording of protest activities unless there is an indication that unlawful activities are taking place, preventing the routine recording of legal protests.

</doc>
<doc id="20636823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636823" title="The Marriage Business">
The Marriage Business

The Marriage Business is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Estelle Brody, Owen Nares and Jack Rutherford. It is also known by the alternative title This Woman Business.

</doc>
<doc id="20636863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636863" title="S.O.S. (film)">
S.O.S. (film)

S.O.S. is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Robert Loraine, Bramwell Fletcher and Ursula Jeans. The film takes its title from the morse code distress signal S.O.S.. It was made at Lime Grove Studios.
The film marked director Hiscott's first move from comedy films, which he had begun his career making, into the straight dramatic films that would become best known for.

</doc>
<doc id="20636889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636889" title="Walking Trees">
Walking Trees

Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is a book by Ralph Fletcher. It was first published in 1990. It was published again in 1995 under a slightly different title "Walking Trees: Portraits of Teachers and Children in the Culture of Schools".
Summary.
"Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools" is the story of Ralph Fletcher's introduction to the New York City school system as a teacher trainer in a writing staff development program.
Reception.
Brenda Miller Power in her review for Educational Leadership said ""Walking Trees" is a wonder", she believes that Fletcher has "done a superb job of cataloging in specific ways the difference between a burned-out teacher and a bad teacher" and that "it's greatest contribution to our field may be that it helps us begin to ask more of the right kinds of difficult questions". Nancy E. Zuwiyya in her review for Library Journal said that "Fletcher's early encounters often prove frustrating, and his description of a typical uncooperative teacher as a "snarling lump of inertia" will make educators uncomfortable. At the end, Fletcher reveals that not only have the students and teachers learned but he two has acquired a wisdom that he lacked in the beginning." Curriculum Review said that this book was "a funny, hopeful, angry, but most importantly, beautifully written book chronicling one teacher's first year instructing New York City teachers how to teach writing."

</doc>
<doc id="20636911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636911" title="Hocus Corpus">
Hocus Corpus

Hocus Corpus is a crime novel by the American writer James N. Tucker set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Dr. Jack Merlin, now chief resident of surgery, still a part-time magician and sleuth, who is mysteriously losing patients after routine surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. 
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000142340.

</doc>
<doc id="20636967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636967" title="Cult of the Dead">
Cult of the Dead

Cult of the Dead is a 2008 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. In common with previous albums, the lyrics heavily reference the dark side of the occult. The special edition comes with an item unique in metal merchandising (And possibly all genres of music), being a cheese block, emblazoned with their logo. This is a nod to the band's Dutch origins. The digipak version of the album features an alternative cover and comes with a DVD. The DVD has the same tracklisting as the CD, but then being played in their rehearsal place.
Song title issue.
As a result of the album being leaked over the internet, 7 songs have been named incorrectly and people seem to know those songs by the wrong names (actually the songs behind the titles have been mixed up, the order of the titles is correct). Note the track duration ("real duration") in the list below and compare it with the songs' durations on an original album. Also, it is pretty obvious if you compare the lyrics. Please note that the list below might not be 100% correct.

</doc>
<doc id="20636989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20636989" title="The Passing of Mr. Quinn">
The Passing of Mr. Quinn

The Passing of Mr. Quin is a 1928 British mystery film which was co-directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and Julius Hagen, starring Clifford Heatherley, Mary Brough and Ursula Jeans. The film was based on the short story "The Coming of Mr. Quin", part of the collection "The Mysterious Mr. Quin", which was written by Agatha Christie. It was the first British film to be made of one of Christie's works. The short story was adapted by Hiscott, who would in 1931 direct "Alibi", the first film to feature Christie's more well known Belgian detective Hercule Poirot. The film was made at Twickenham Studios in London.
Partial cast.
The screenplay was novelised by G Roy McRae for issue in 1929. The plot deviates radically from Christie's short story (for example, whereas Christie's Mr Quin is a romantic fantasy figure who solves the mystery of Professor Appleby's suicide, Mr Quinn is here portrayed as Appleby's alcoholic murderer.
Plot.
Professor Appleby has terrorised his wife, Eleanor, but when he is murdered, and her lover, Derek goes missing, Eleanor suspects the worst. A mysterious stranger, known as 'Mr Quinny' or 'Mr Quinn' appears, and begins to seduce Eleanor, but his alcoholism takes over and he dies. Before dying, he reveals that he was Derek all along, and offers the girl to a rival, who promises to make Eleanor a happy wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20637025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637025" title="MacLennan v MacLennan">
MacLennan v MacLennan

MacLennan v MacLennan 1958 S.C. 105; 1958 S.L.T. 12 (Outer House, Court of Session, Scotland) was a civil law case that required the court to determine if artificial insemination constituted adultery.
Mr and Mrs MacLennan were married in August 1952 but their marriage was not a success. The couple separate shortly afterwards and Mrs MacLennan went to U.S.A. In July 1955 she had a baby girl. Mr MacLennan sued for divorce citing adultery. Mrs MacLennan defended this action and claim she had conceived the child through artificial insemination not through adultery. The Court of Session was faced with defining adultery and whether or not artificial insemination could be defined as under this heading.
This is where the definition taken from Lord Wheatley's comments that adultery had to involve "physical contact with an alien and unlawful organ".
The court lays down specific rules for adultery:
1- In adultery there must be two parties, physically present and engaging in sexual act.
2- It is not necessary that there is any interaction between the sperm and the ovum.
The court ruled artificial insemination does not constitute adultery. However, Mrs MacLennan could not provide the court with any proof of her taking artificial insemination. Mr MacLennan therefore got his divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="20637039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637039" title="Church of the Mediator">
Church of the Mediator

Church of the Mediator may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20637053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637053" title="List of operas by Rameau">
List of operas by Rameau

This is a complete list of operas by the French Baroque composer Jean-Philippe Rameau (1683–1764).

</doc>
<doc id="20637055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637055" title="A-Girl">
A-Girl


</doc>
<doc id="20637060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637060" title="Tragic Wand">
Tragic Wand

Tragic Wand is a crime novel by the American writer James N. Tucker set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It opens with the story of Assistant District Attorney Tory Welch being attacked at the office of plastic surgeon Marshall Cutter. Her friend, protagonist Dr. Jack Merlin, surgeon, part-time magician and sleuth, gets involved in the case. 
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000142340.

</doc>
<doc id="20637087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637087" title="Call of the Sea">
Call of the Sea

Call of the Sea is a 1930 British adventure film directed by Leslie S Hiscott.
Plot.
Lt. Cmdr. Good (Edwards) is a naval officer who goes on an extensive search for his long-lost friend who mysteriously disappeared on a tropical island

</doc>
<doc id="20637093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637093" title="Greg Krause">
Greg Krause

Greg Krause (born April 4, 1976 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an Arena Football League offensive lineman for the Los Angeles Avengers.
High school years.
Krause attended Manchester High School West in Manchester, New Hampshire and was a standout in football and track & field.

</doc>
<doc id="20637113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637113" title="Clostridium difficile toxin B">
Clostridium difficile toxin B

Clostridium difficile toxin B is a toxin produced by the bacteria "Clostridium difficile". "C. difficile " produces two major kinds of toxins that are very potent and lethal; an enterotoxin (Toxin A) and a cytotoxin (Toxin B, this protein).
Structure.
Toxin B (TcdB) is a cytotoxin that has a molecular weight of 270 kDa and an isoelectric point, pl, of 4.1. Toxin B has four different structural domains: catalytic, cysteine protease, translocation, and receptor binding. The N-terminal glucosyltransferase catalytic domain includes amino acid residues 1-544 while the cysteine protease domain includes residues 545-801. Additionally, the translocation region incorporates amino acid residues from 802-1664 while the receptor binding region is part of the C-terminal region and includes amino acid residues from 1665 to 2366. 
The glycosylation activity of toxin B occurs in the N-terminal catalytic region (residues 1-544. This region glycosylates substrates independent of any cytotoxic activity. However, a small deletion of the receptor binding region causes attenuation of toxin B activity. The translocation region contains a hydrophobic stalk-like structure which may help residues 958-1130 in forming membrane spanning pores. The receptor binding region that includes the C-terminal repetitive region (CRR) increases the TcdB membrane interaction but does not participate in pore formation. In addition, cysteine protease and translocation regions both have complex structures which play an important functional role in translocation and receptor binding. However, deleting the translocation region of amino acids decreases the cytotoxic activity 4-fold. Both cysteine proteases and a majority of translocation regions harbor hydrophobic proteins, which show access
to TcdB and other toxins crossing the cell membranes.
Receptor binding domain.
The C-terminal of TcdB (the green region of Fig. 2) contains a region known as the combined repetitive oligopeptides (CROPs) that contains amino acid residues 1831-2366. These CROPs make up 19-24 short repeats (SRs) of amino acids, roughly 31 long repeats (LRs) of amino acids, toxin A, and Toxin B. The TcdB CROPs region consists of 19 SRs and 4 LRs. This SRs and LRs region allows formation of cell wall binding motifs which help to bind sugar moieties of the cell surfaces.
Purification.
In order to purify toxin B from "C. difficile" cell cultures, brain heart infusion broth is used because it promotes the synthesis of toxin B. The filtration method facilitates purification of toxin B from the supernatant of "C. difficile". The toxin concentration of the supernatant is proportional to the organism cell count. It has been proposed by many studies that the majority of the toxins are released in either late log phase or early stationary phases, hence, toxin B is continuously secreted by cells. Although there are many methods employed by different studies in purifying toxin B, the majority of studies use methods involving concentrations of ultrafiltrated ammonium sulfate or precipitation, in lieu by either gel filtration or ion-exchange chromatography. In addition, the effectiveness of the ion-exchange chromatography method helps to differentiate between TcdA and TcdB.
Function.
When the catalytic threonine residue of glucosyltransferase deactivates a family of small GTPases,e.g. the Rho family; Rac, and Cdc42 inside the target cells disturb signal transduction mechanisms which leads to dysfunctioning of actin cytoskeleton, cell-cell junction, and apoptosis (Fig. 5). Rho induces the activity of actin stress fibers. Rac proteins controls the activities of membrane ruffling and NADPH-oxidase neutrophil. Cdc42 regulates the F-actin filament formation in filopodia.
Cytotoxicity.
Several studies have demonstrated that the presence of TcdB in mammalian cells leads to rapid changes within cell morphology and cell signaling. Within a short period of time, cells have the appearance of plaque with small dosages of TcdB and TcdA. In addition, death of the cells is a major impact of these toxins after cells have been intoxicated. An investigation by Donta et al., forwarded that TcdB has serious impacts in other mammalian cells such as chinese hamster ovary cells, human cervical epithelial cells, mouse adrenal cells, rat hepatocytes and rat astrocytes (Fig.3). The cytotoxic activity is based on cell types, which could range from 4-fold to 200-fold. Generally, when cells are infected with TcdB, they not only lose their structural integrity, but also diminutions of F-actin filaments. Cell roundings by TcdB take no longer than 2 hours (Fig. 4), but as far as cell death goes, it can take approximately 24 hours. With regard to clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea (CDAD), the effects of cytopathicity are more critical than actual cell death because once cells lose integrity of the cytoskeleton actin filament, they also lose its normal function.
Effects on small GTPases.
The cause of cytotoxic activity by TcdB within the host cell is mainly mediated via receptor endocytosis. Acidic endosomes allow toxin B to enter the cytosol. This phenomenon takes place by a binding receptor region, which enables toxin to enter host cells. Through the accessibility of the host cells' cytosol, TcdB deactivates the small GTPases (Fig. 5), e.g. the Rho family members Rac and Cdc42 by the process of glycosylation of threonine 35 in Cdc42 and Rac, and threonine 37 in Rho. These Rho GTPases are found ubiquitously in the cytosol of eukaryotic cells that are responsible for the organization of the actin cytoskeleton because the toxins in the cytosol cause condensation of actin filaments as a consequence of cell rounding and membrane blebbing (Fig. 3) which ultimately leads to apoptosis. TcdB causes critical changes to cell dynamics and morphology. Figure 3 shows the probable effect of toxin B on a cell's surface; membrane blebbing (black arrows). In addition, TcdB inactivates Rho GTPases. As a consequence, cell-cell junctions are disrupted which enhances epithelial permeability of toxin B and fluid accumulation in the lumen. This is one of the main causative agents in contracting clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea (CDAD)(Fig. 5).
Furthermore, the rate of hydrolysis by TcdB of UDP-glucose is approximately five-fold greater than TcdA. Several studies have indicated that Rho exhibits posttranslational modification through prenylation and carboxymethylation which occurs in the cytoplasmic side of the plasma membrane, hence, the exchange of GTP to GDP. When TcdB binds to Rho and other small GTPases, GTP hydrolyzes to GDP which leads to GTP-bound (active) to GDP-bound (inactive) (Fig. 5). In addition, this interchange activity is regulated by guanine factors in the cell's cytosol.
Disturbance on signal pathways.
The cellular regulation of Rho, Rac, and Cdc42 has effects outside the vicinity of the actin filaments of the cytoskeleton (Fig. 4), These small GTPases are incorporated in the cell cycle that regulates signals via mitogen-activated protein kinase kinases (MAPKKs). Some physiological parts of the cells that are not involved in actin filaments, may not cause cell rounding or cell death right away, but in downstream pathway activity, may lead to the deterioration of actin filaments and finally, cell death. 
In 1993, a study conducted by Shoshan et al., showed that cells with TcdB changed phospholipase A2 activity. This was an independent event from disruption of the actin cytoskeleton. Shoshan et al., also showed that TcdB inhibited the receptor signaling activity by deactivating the Rho proteins via phospholipase D.
Pore formation.
TcdB accesses the interior of the cell through clathrin-mediated endocytosis, When toxin B is part of the cytosol, the glucosyltransferase passes through the endosomal membrane which decreases pH, induces translocation and finally leads to morphological changes of translocation region residues (958-1130). The hydrophobic regions are embedded in the host membrane to form pores that allow glucosyltransferase domains to pass through. When cells are infected with TcdB in an acidic environment, it attenuates toxins and causes shape rearrangements (Fig. 6). As a consequence of acidic pH, TcdB displays clear differences in original fluorescence of tryptophan, susceptibility of proteases, and hydrophobic surfaces. Another group has shown that acidification leads to conformational changes of the toxin and, more importantly, helps to form pores. A putative translocation region ( Fig. 2) makes up approximately 801-1400 amino acids, of which residues 958-1130 are hydrophobic and are responsible for the formation of transmembrane pores. A majority of the studies used TcdB strain 630 to show the pore formation activity of "C. difficile" toxins.
Induced by pH.
To see whether effects of proteolytic cleavage of TcdB takes place at the cell surface or in acidic endosomes, studies used Bafilomycin A1 which is known to block the v-type H+-ATPases of endosomes. This reduces the acidity in endosomes. The physiological uptake pathway of TcdB prevents cytopathic activity by TcdB. When cells were in acidic conditions (pH 4.0) for 5 minutes after binding TcdB to the cell surface at 37 degree Celsius, the shape rearrangements and rounding were observed. However, when rounded cells were incubated for an additional hour in neutral pH (7.0) with similar parameters, no cell rounding was observed. Both studies showed that toxin B has a property of proteolytic cleavage which is critical for access to the cytosol. Having an acidic endosome pH leads to topological alterations of TcdB (Figure 6). 
Genetics.
The gene that encodes the TcdB protein, "tcdB", is located within the chromosomal region of 19.6 kb. This is known as the locus of pathogenicity or PaLoc (Figure 2). The open reading frame (ORF) for tcdB is 7,098 nucleotides in length. It is important to mention that—besides the major toxin genes in the PaLoc region—there are three other accessory genes that encode in the PaLoc region: "tcdR" (L), "tcdC" (R) and "tcdE" in the middle. These genes help to regulate TcdA and TcdB expression. They also help to secrete or release the toxins from the cell. The encoding gene "tcdE", located between tcdB and tcdA, is analogous to holin proteins, thus, it is suggested that tcdE works as a facilitator gene that enhances the release or secretion of TcdA and TcdB consequently increasing the permeability of the host cell membrane.
Toxin detection.
There are different plasmid sizes of "C. difficile". The detected molecular weights range from 2.7x106 to 100x106, but plasmid sizes show no correlation with toxicity. In order to detect the toxin B level in "C. difficile", clinicians extensively use cell culture assays derived from stool specimens from patients with PMC. The cell culture assay is regarded as a “gold standard” for detecting toxicity in "C. difficile" because a small quantity of toxin B is capable of causing cell rounding (Fig. 4), thus, it is a major advantage of clinical laboratories to make correlations with the CDAD caused by TcdB. Although cytotoxic activity of large clostridial toxins (LCTs) was found in PMC patient stool specimens, toxin B activity had more detrimental cytotoxic effects in comparison with toxin A. Therefore, the activity of toxin A is attenuated when it is not isolated from toxin B. The detection of "C. difficile" toxicity is extremely sensitive, however, using the cell culture assay allows clinical laboratories to overcome the challenge; using doses as little as 1 pg/mL of toxin B is enough to causes cell rounding. This is the major advantage in using the culture tissue assay to detect toxicity in PMC patients. Even though clinical laboratories have tried to use an assay microtiter plate enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and other techniques to detect the cytotoxic activity of toxin B in the feces of PMC patients, the results are not as accurate as those where cell culture assays were used.
Production factor.
By adding antimicrobial, e.g. clindamycin, into the culture growth medium, studies have shown that the cytotoxic activity in "C. difficile" cultures increases from 4-8 fold. Moreover, knowing the role of antibiotics on the causes of PMC, many earlier studies focused on the effects of antimicrobials production of toxins. As a result, studies were able to conclude that the subinhibitory nature of vancomycin and penicillin levels were increasing the toxin production in cultures of "C. difficile". The amounts of toxin production were correlated with the usage of growth medium for the organisms. Another study illustrated that the high levels of toxin production of TcdB were observed in complex mediums such as brain and heart infusion broth. High levels of toxins were produced with isolation of highly virulent. Conversely, low levels of toxins were produced with isolation of weakly virulent. Thus, it shows that the productions of toxins were co-regulated. Although the mechanism behind the environment's involvement in modulating the signals expressing the toxins is not understood, in vitro studies have shown that expression of toxin is strengthened by catabolite repression and stress, e.g. antibiotics. Another study has shown that limiting biotin in well-characterized medium increases the production of TcdB by 64-fold and TcdA by 35-fold. This was done with "C. difficile" and doses of biotin as small as 0.05nM. Several other early studies have argued against the theory that the production of toxin has anything to deal with stress or catabolite repression of either toxin TcdA or TcdB. Also, many studies say the main reason for the differences among other studies is due to toxin production not occurring with all isolates of "C. difficile".
Clinical significance.
Many early studies have suggested that toxin A (also known as TcdA) is the major toxin protein causing antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD); however, research scientists within last decade or so have shown that Toxin B (or TcdB) plays a more important role in disease than anyone had forecasted. With this knowledge, Toxin B has been identified as the major virulence factor that causes the opening of tight junctions of intestinal epithelial cells, which enables toxin to increase vascular permeability and induce hemorrhaging. Hence, this leads to tumor necrosis factor α (TNF α) and proinflammatory interleukins being established as the major causative agents of pseudomembranous colitis (PMC) and antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD). 
The involvement of toxin A and—most importantly—toxin B is the key element that determines the disease caused by "C. difficile". Clinical laboratories have identified these toxins in patients' stool based on antibody and cytotoxicity assays. These bacterial toxins have been shown to be associated with "Clostridium sordellii" hemorrhagic toxin (TcsH), lethal toxin (TcsL), and "Clostridium novyi" alpha toxin (Tcn α), thus, making this cohort to be the large family of toxin clostridial. Because of similarities of these toxins with others, researchers have classified them as the family of large clostridial toxins (LCTs).
Role in pseudomembranous colitis.
In early stages of the disease of PMC, many studies have speculated that TcdA is more potent than TcdB. This has been deduced from in vivo experiments where toxin productions of TcdA were more severe than TcdB with antibiotics cecitis. Later, several studies showed that TcdB plays a major role in the disease of PMC and ADD. The study demonstrated that even though "C. difficile" did not produces TcdA, it still showed symptoms for the disease. Furthermore, later studies have shown that a purified form of TcdB is a more lethal enterotoxin in comparison to TcdA, and also, that intestinal epithelium is severely damaged and causes an acute inflammatory response. With better understanding of the toxin, researchers were able to state that TcdB is the major virulence factor that causes CDI over TcdA. However, when TcdA is present in the gut, it helps to facilitate TcdB's activity to have broader impacts, consequently, affecting multiple organ systems. In addition, when hamsters were vaccinated against TcdA, it showed hamsters were not fully protected from the C. difficile disease and this lead studies to conclude that TcdB is very lethal and potent. Furthermore, injecting a small dose of TcdA with a lethal dose of TcdB intravenously or intraperitoneally proved sufficient in causing the death of an animal. Therefore, TcdA works as a facilitator of TcdB exiting from the gut.

</doc>
<doc id="20637118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637118" title="Clostridium difficile toxin A">
Clostridium difficile toxin A

Clostridium difficile toxin A (TcdA) is a toxin generated by "Clostridium difficile". It is similar to "Clostridium difficile" Toxin B. The toxins are the main virulence factors produced by the gram positive, anaerobic, "Clostridium difficile" bacteria. The toxins function by damaging the intestinal mucosa and cause the symptoms of "C. difficile" infection, including pseudomembranous colitis.
TcdA is one of the largest bacterial toxins known. With a molecular mass of 308kDa, it is usually described as a potent enterotoxin, but it also has some activity as a cytotoxin. The toxin acts by modifying host cell GTPase proteins by glucosylation, leading to changes in cellular activities. Risk factors for "C. difficile" infection include antibiotic treatment, which can disrupt normal intestinal microbiota and lead to colonization of "C. difficile" bacteria.
"tcdA" gene.
The gene contains an open reading frame (ORF) of 8,133 nucleotides, coding for 2,710 amino acids. TcdA and TcdB share 63% homology in their amino acid sequences. These genes are expressed during late log phase and stationary phase in response to environmental factors. Environmental stresses such as antibiotics and catabolite repression can influence toxin expression.
Pathogenicity locus.
The "tcdA" and "tcdB" genes are situated on the "Clostridium difficile" chromosome in a 19.6-kb pathogenicity locus (PaLoc) found only in toxigenic strains of "C. difficile". Non toxigenic strains contain a 127 base pair fragment replacing the PaLoc. This locus also contains three other accessory genes "tcdC", "tcdR", and "tcdE". "TcdC" expression is high during early exponential phase and declines as growth moves into stationary phase, consistent with increases in "tcdA" and "tcdB" expression. Accordingly, expression patterns have indicated "tcdC" as a possible negative regulator of toxin production. "tcdR" may serve as a positive regulator of toxin production. "tcdE" has been speculated to facilitate release of TcdA and TcdB through lytic activity on the bacterial cell membrane. Due to its homology with other proteins of similar function, as well as the location of the gene between "tcdA" and "tcdB", "tcdE" is predicted to function as the lytic protein that facilitates release since TcdA and TcdB lack a signal peptide for secretion.
Structure.
The protein contains three domains. The amino N-terminal domain contains the active site, responsible for the glucosylating activity of the toxin. Both TcdA and TcdB use this highly conserved N-terminal region (74% homology between both toxins) to alter identical substrates.
The carboxy C-terminal domain contains repeating units that are responsible for receptor binding on target cell surfaces. These short homologous repeating units have been termed combined repetitive oligopeptide (CROPs). A recent study demonstrates that the CROPs determine the potency of TcdA through interactions with structures on the cell surface. These CROP regions range from 21-50 residues and play a role in receptor binding. This C-terminal repetitive region is designated as the immuno-dominant region since ligand binding can be blocked by monoclonal antibodies specific to this region. This region contains the most hydrophilic portion of the molecule.
A centrally located hydrophobic domain containing a cluster of 172 highly conserved hydrophobic amino acids is thought to be important for translocation of the enzymatic portion of the protein.
Mechanism of action.
TcdA must be internalized into the host cell via endocytosis in order to access the cytosol. Receptor binding is the first step required for entry into the cell via endocytosis in an acidic endosome. Low pH in the endosome induces structural changes such as exposure of the hydrophobic domains that are crucial for TcdA function.
The N-terminal domain of TcdA functions to catalyze a glucotransferase reaction, which transfers a glucose molecule from UDP-Glucose and covalently attaches it to conserved amino acids in target molecules. Therefore, TcdA catalyzes glucosylation and the subsequent irreversible inactivation of target molecules in the Ras family of small GTPases. These target molecules include RhoA, Rac, and Cdc42, which are regulatory proteins of the eukaryotic actin cytoskeleton and modulators of many various cell signaling pathways.
Intracellular targets.
TcdA primarily targets Rho, Rac, and Cdc42. These molecules are important regulators of cell signaling. Small GTPases such as Rho, Rac, and Cdc42 regulate their activity by alternating between an active GTP-bound state, and an inactive GDP-bound state. Guanine exchange factors (GEFs) regulate the exchange of GTP and GDP.
TcdA glucosylates RhoA by transferring a glucose molecule from UDP-glucose, a nucleotide sugar, to Thr-37 of the RhoA GTPase. In Rac and Cdc42, the sugar moiety is transferred to the Thr-35. The glucosylation prevents proper binding of GTP and blocks activation. TcdA acts preferentially on the GDP-bound form of the GTPase proteins since this configuration exposes the threonine residue that is glucosylated by the toxin. 
RhoA regulates the actin cytoskeleton and forms stress fibers and focal adhesions. When RhoA is inactivated via TcdA, its interaction with downstream effectors is inhibited.This leads to changes in the actin cytoskeleton that increase permeability of the intestinal epithelium. Rac and Cdc42 are involved in filopodium formation crucial for movement and cell migration. Overall, Rho, Rac, and Cdc42 all regulate processes in cells that are dependent on actin polymerization. Many of the physiologic effects that cells experience after exposure to TcdA can be linked to disregulation of actin polymerization and cellular pathways controlled by TcdA targets.
Physiologic effects.
Cell morphology.
Exposure to TcdA leads to immediate changes in cell morphology, including loss of structural integrity due to a decrease in filamentous actin (F-actin), and an increase in globular actin. Disorganization of actin filaments and the cytoskeleton leads to increased permeability of tight junctions resulting in severe epithelial cell damage and fluid secretion. Fluid accumulation and secretion are secondary to mucosal damage that occurs after exposure to TcdA. Distinct changes in the microfilament system lead to cell rounding and cell death. These changes result from the inactivation of Rho proteins, which play an important role in regulating tight junctions.
Apoptosis.
Apoptosis is the most likely mechanism accounting for death of cells exposed to TcdA. Rho inactivation can activate caspase-3 and caspase-9; two key components of the apoptotic pathway. TcdA has been linked to mitochondrial membrane disruption and release of cytochrome C through caspase activation and Rho inactivation, further suggesting that TcdA is capable of inducing apoptosis.
Clinical significance.
"Clostridium difficile" associated diarrhea (CDAD).
Animal models have shown TcdA includes diarrhea, neutrophil infiltration, inflammation of intestinal mucosa, and necrosis of epithelial cells. This toxin is considered the main cause of CDAC. TcdA damages intestinal villous tips which disrupts the brush border membrane, leading to cell erosion and fluid leakage from the damaged area. This damage and associated fluid response causes the diarrhea associated with "Clostridium difficile" infection.
Pseudomembranous colitis.
TcdA can induce the physiological changes that occur in "C. difficile" related pseudomembranous colitis (PMC), a severe ulceration of the colon. Toxin damage to the colonic mucosa promotes accumulations of fibrin, mucin, and dead cells to form a layer of debris in the colon (pseudomembrane), causing an inflammatory response. TcdA damage causes increased epithelial permeability, cytokine and chemokine production, neutrophil infiltration, production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), mast cell activation, and direct damage to the intestinal mucosa. All can be attributed to TcdA induced inactivation of Rho GTPase proteins. Loss of tight junctions can provide entry for neutrophils into the intestines, leading to neutrophil accumulation; a hallmark of PMC. TcdA induced cytokine production of IL-8 and other inflammatory mediators contributes to the stages of inflammation seen in PMC. Infiltration by neutrophils, macrophages, and mast cells in response to TcdA damage increases the inflammatory response through production and release of other mediators such as tumor necrosis factor alpha, IL-1, IL-6, and other monokines. These mediators cause additional damage to intestinal mucosa and further increase the inflammatory response, influencing PMC persistence. If extensive damage to the intestinal wall occurs, bacteria can enter the bloodstream and cause septic shock and death.
Toxin detection and diagnosis.
TcdA and TcdB are present in supernatant fluids of "Clostridium difficile" cultures and can be purified from filtrates. Both toxins are consistently detected in fecal samples from humans and animals and are now used as markers to diagnose "C. difficile" infection. Over 90% of patients infected with "C. difficile" were found to have cytotoxic activity in their stool. Glucosylation of Rho GTPases inactivates the GTPase proteins, leading to collapse of the cytoskelton, resulting in cell rounding. A tissue culture assay has been developed to detect "C. difficile" toxins in stool samples. A cell rounding assay (cytotoxicity assay) has been developed to diagnose "C. difficile" infection. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) have been used to detect TcdA and TcdB with specific antibodies. When used with an ELISA, the cytotoxicity assay is the "gold standard" when used on Vero cells for "C. difficile" diagnosis.
Importance of TcdA and TcdB in "C. difficile" infection.
Since the 1980s and early 1990s, the roles of TcdA and TcdB in "C. difficile" infection have been much debated. Previous reports with purified toxins indicated that TcdA alone was enough to cause symptoms of infection and TcdB was unable to do so unless combined with TcdA. A more recent experiment indicated that TcdB was, in fact, essential for virulence. Earlier research established TcdA strictly as an enterotoxin, and TcdB as a cytotoxin, but later both toxins were found to have the same mechanism of action. To fully investigate the role of both toxins in pathogenesis of "C. difficile" infection, a gene knockout system in a hamster infection model was developed. By permanently knocking out "tcdA", "tcdB", or both (double knockout), it was shown that "C. difficile" producing one or both toxins was capable of cytotoxic activity, and this activity translated directly to virulence in vivo. It was also found that a double "tcdAtcdB" knockout was completely attenuated in virulence. Overall, this research has demonstrated the importance of both TcdA and TcdB in "C. difficile" infection, showing that either toxin is capable of cytotoxicity.

</doc>
<doc id="20637177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637177" title="Randall Packer">
Randall Packer

Randall Packer (born 1953, America) is a contemporary multimedia artist.
Biography.
Packer studied music composition with Mel Powell and Richard Felciano at the California Institute of the Arts (MFA) and the University of California, Berkeley (PhD). He pursued post-graduate study in computer music in Paris, where he was a composer in residence at IRCAM (Institute for the Research and Coordination of Acoustics), Centres Georges Pompidou, under Pierre Boulez. In 1988, he founded Zakros InterArts in San Francisco, producing events and new works that explored the integration of multimedia and live performance. The first event was the San Francisco Tape Music Center Retrospective, which led to extensive research into the history of multimedia and the avant-garde. Packer continued to create new works throughout the 1990s, pioneering collaborative forms of new music theater, installation and performance art that incorporated emerging technologies in computer music, video, animation, and interactivity. In 1995 he became the Director of the San Francisco State University Multimedia Studies Program, located in the heart of San Francisco's Multimedia Gulch where the "Wired" generation was coming of age. In 1997 he joined the faculty of the University of California, Berkeley, and was the first to teach digital media in the Department of Art Practice. In 1999, the sound installation Mori, a collaboration with Ken Goldberg and Gregory Kuhn, debuted at the InterCommunication Center (ICC) Biennial exhibition in Tokyo, Japan. Mori later toured museums throughout the US as part of the exhibition Telematic Connection: The Virtual Embrace, organized by new media curator Steve Dietz and Independent Curators International. In 1999, his Net artwork, the Telematic Manifesto, was included in the seminal net art exhibition, Net Condition, organized by Peter Weibel at ZKM (Center for Art & Media) in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Washington, DC.
In 2011, he began extensive research into the future of online teaching in the media arts, joining the faculty of Johns Hopkins University, where he continues to teach multimedia in the Museum Studies program. In 2012, he created Open Source Studio (OSS), an exploration of new online methodologies for teaching multimedia art. The OSS project has led to collaborative research and online courses for the California Institute of the Arts, the School of Art, Design, and Media at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore, and the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Packer has received international acclaim for his multimedia and political artworks, with articles in the New York Times, Washington Post, and the San Francisco Chronicle. He has performed and exhibited at galleries, museums, theaters and festivals internationally, including ZKM (Center for Art & Media) Karlsruhe Germany, Transmediale in Berlin, Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington DC, The Kitchen in New York City, the Oklahoma City Museum of Art, and Theater Artaud in San Francisco. His essays on art, technology, politics and culture have been published by MIT Press, the Leonardo Journal for the Arts & Sciences, LINK, ART LIES, and Cambridge University Press. His scholarly work has been incorporated into the curriculum of universities and art schools throughout the world. He is the recipient of numerous awards, including an ASCAP Prize for music composition, the George Ladd Prix de Paris from the University of California, Berkeley, three Artist Fellowships from the Washington DC Commission on the Arts & Humanities, and an Isadora Duncan Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20637179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637179" title="CBKG">
CBKG

CBKG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20637195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637195" title="Tomás Gomensoro Albín">
Tomás Gomensoro Albín

Tomás José Gomensoro Albín (1810–1900) was a Uruguayan political figure.
Background.
Born in Dolores, Soriano, Uruguay, he was a member of the Colorado Party (Uruguay). He served as President of the Senate of Uruguay from 1871 to 1872.
In March 1872, President of Uruguay Lorenzo Batlle stepped down from office.
President of Uruguay (interim).
From 1872 to 1873 Gomensoro served as President of Uruguay (interim). 
While his term office was intended to be temporary in nature, it actually lasted almost one year. In February 1873 he was succeeded as President by José Eugenio Ellauri.
Death and commemoration.
Gomensoro died in 1900, having attained the age of 90.
Town in Artigas Department named after Gomensoro.
The town of Tomás Gomensoro in the Artigas Department of northern Uruguay is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20637203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637203" title="Ringing the Changes">
Ringing the Changes

Ringing the Changes is a 1929 British silent comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Henry Edwards, Charles Cantley, James Fenton and Margot Landa. It was based on a novel by Raleigh King. An aristocrat poses as a butler in order to expose a dishonest lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="20637225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637225" title="Shafik Assad">
Shafik Assad

Shafik Assad (, , 10 April 1937 – 6 June 2004) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Democratic Movement for Change, the Democratic Movement, Ahva and Telem between 1977 and 1981.
Biography.
Born in Beit Jann during the Mandate era, Assad attended high school in Rameh. He served as secretary of the Histadrut trade union in his hometown between 1961 and 1967, and headed the town's local council from 1969 until 1976.
He joined the new Democratic Movement for Change (Dash) party in the mid-1970s, and was elected to the Knesset on its list in 1977. On 14 September 1978 Assad was one of seven MKs to form the Democratic Movement after Dash split up. On 8 July 1980 he and Shlomo Eliyahu left the Democratic Movement to establish the Ahva faction. On 15 June 1981 he moved parties again, this time joining Telem, but lost his seat in the 30 June 1981 elections.
He died in 2004 at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="20637247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637247" title="St. Vladimir's Cathedral (St. Petersburg)">
St. Vladimir's Cathedral (St. Petersburg)

The Prince Vladimir Church (), formally "the Church of St. Prince Vladimir Equal to the Apostles" (собор Святого равноапостольного князя Владимира) is a Russian Orthodox Church in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is located on Blokhin Street in the Petrogradsky District of the city across the Malaya Neva from the Spit of Vasilevsky Island, in close proximity to the Sportivnaya metro station.
The first wooden church built in 1708 on the site was dedicated to St. Nicholas. This church was replaced by a masonry church dedicated to the Assumption completed in 1719. 
In 1740, a stone church was built next to this Church of the Assumption by order of the Empress Anna. It was designed by Pietro Trezzini. The Late Baroque building was left incomplete when the Empress Elizabeth came to the throne in 1742. 
A new project was begun in 1763, this time supervised by Antonio Rinaldi, but that too was left incomplete following a fire in 1772. A chapel was dedicated to the Assumption, but the entire Neoclassical edifice was only completed to Ivan Starov's designs in 1789 and dedicated to St. Vladimir.
In the Soviet period, the church was closed in 1928. From 1938-1941, it served as the cathedral church of the city. From 1941-2001, the Icon of Our Lady of Kazan was located in the church before its transfer to the Kazan Cathedral on Nevsky Prospekt.

</doc>
<doc id="20637262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637262" title="Ralph Hospital">
Ralph Hospital

Brigadier General Ralph Hospital was born January 27, 1891, in Washington, D.C. He was commissioned in November 1913 as a Field Artillery officer and saw service with the 13th Cavalry Regiment during the Mexican Campaign in both Douglas, Arizona, and Columbus, New Mexico. He served as an Artillery officer in France during World War I and then took an instructor job at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, where he remained for most of the 1920s and 1930s.
Lieutenant Colonel Hospital pinned on Colonel in 1941 and saw service in World War II, first as commander of the 75th Field Artillery Brigade and then was frocked to Brigadier General and placed as Commanding General of the 91st Division Artillery. In Spring 1944 they sailed for north Africa and then Italy, making the push for the Po River Valley and the Gothic Line. General Hospital was awarded the Silver Star for his heroism in the Italian campaigns. He retired in January 1951 and was officially promoted to Brigadier General in February 1951 on the U.S. Army Retired List. He returned to Ithaca, New York, as Professor of Military Studies and Tactics until the mid-1960s.
General Hospital died on December 20, 1972, and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery near the JFK grove.
Hospital is the maternal grandfather of musician John Flansburgh, one half of the alternative rock duo They Might Be Giants, and Paxus Calta (born Earl S. Flansburgh), anti-nuclear activist.

</doc>
<doc id="20637267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637267" title="Moldova (newspaper)">
Moldova (newspaper)

Moldova was a semimonthly newspaper published in Bârlad, Romania. 
History.
Though presented as being independent, it was published under the patronage of the "Academia Bârlădeană". The first issue of the newspaper hit the stands on January 2, 1931 and it appeared regularly until December 26, 1931. The following year, No.1-2 was published on March 1, 1932, and No.3 (the newspapers' last) on June 15, 1932. 
The editor in chief of the newspaper George Nedelea and its main supporter was George Tutoveanu, at that time prefect of Tutova County. The main concern of the newspaper was the literary activity in the city of Bârlad. Besides George Tutoveanu, its main contributors were G. G. Ursu, Teodor Vlad, George Damaschin, Zoe G. Frasin, Ştefan Cosma, C.V. Slobozeanu, George Pallady, Emil Tudor, Nicolae Costăchescu and Cicerone Mucenic. Political articles were signed, among others by Ion Palodă (Isac Veinfeld), Mihai Lupescu, Marieta Creangă, and Ioan Antoniu.

</doc>
<doc id="20637275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637275" title="Milwaukee Junction">
Milwaukee Junction

Milwaukee Junction is an area in Detroit, Michigan with significant history related to the automobile industry. Located near the railroad junction of the Grand Trunk Western Railroad's predecessors Detroit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee Railway and the Chicago, Detroit and Canada Grand Trunk Junction the area encompassed the streets of East Grand Boulevard to the north, St. Aubin St./Hamtramck Drive to the east, Woodward Avenue to the west, and the border following I-94 to I-75 to Warren Road to the south.
History.
The Milwaukee Junction neighborhood was constructed in the 1890s to encourage industrial expansion in what was then the far northern section of Detroit.
The area became a hub of early auto body manufacturing, being first a producer of wooden horse carriages and soon providing steel frames for the fledgling auto manufacturers. Fisher Auto Body, having a significant presence here, with both Plant 21 and Plant 23 on Piquette street alone, originally produced wooden horse carriages and was one of the early companies to supply steel auto bodies. Other auto parts companies opened shop in this area not only because of the many auto company manufacturers in the area but also because of the confluence of the two major railroad lines, making it efficient to ship autos and parts to other parts of the nation. Auto manufacturers who moved into the area included Everitt-Metzger-Flanders (E-M-F), Hupp (the Hupmobile), Anderson Electric Car Company, Brush Motor Car Company, Cadillac, Dodge, Packard, Oakland, Studebaker, and Regal.
Most notably, Ford Motor Company built their Piquette Plant in the area. This was the plant where the Model T was first built before being mass-produced in neighboring Highland Park at the Highland Park Ford Plant. Henry Ford also conducted experiments in assembly line production at the Piquette Avenue plant later used in Highland Park. The earlier models of the Ford line were also conceived and produced here including the model A, N, and S.
The attraction of this railroad junction continues into even modern times, with Cadillac building the Poletown Plant adjacent to the junction in the early 1980s, almost on the site of the original 1908 Cadillac Motor Car Assembly Plant assembly plant, and less than 5 miles away from the "Cadillac Main" Detroit Assembly built in 1920 within the "V" of another railroad junction (at Junction Street) on the same Grand Trunk Western line.
The dominance of the Milwaukee Junction area in the auto industry lasted until the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="20637356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637356" title="Closure temperature">
Closure temperature

In radiometric dating, closure temperature or blocking temperature refers to the temperature of a system, such as a mineral, at the time given by its radiometric date. In physical terms, the closure temperature is the temperature at which a system has cooled so that there is no longer any significant diffusion of the parent or daughter isotopes out of the system and into the external environment. The concept's initial mathematical formulation was presented in a seminal paper by Martin H. Dodson, 
"Closure temperature in cooling geochronological and petrological systems" in the journal "Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology", 1973, with refinements to a usable experimental formulation by other scientists in later years. This temperature varies broadly among different minerals and also differs depending on the parent and daughter atoms being considered. It is specific to a particular material and isotopic system. 
The closure temperature of a system can be experimentally determined in the lab by artificially resetting sample minerals using a high-temperature furnace. As the mineral cools, the crystal structure begins to form and diffusion of isotopes slows. At a certain temperature, the crystal structure has formed sufficiently to prevent diffusion of isotopes. This temperature is what is known as blocking temperature and represents the temperature below which the mineral is a closed system to measurable diffusion of isotopes. Thus an igneous or metamorphic rock or melt, which is slowly cooling, does not begin to exhibit measurable radioactive decay of the parent to a daughter isotope until it cools below the blocking temperature. The age that can be calculated by radiometric dating is thus the time at which the rock or mineral cooled to blocking temperature.
These temperatures can also be determined in the field by comparing them to the dates of other minerals with well-known closure temperatures.
Closure temperatures are used in geochronology and thermochronology to date events and determine rates of processes in the geologic past.
Table of values.
The following are the approximate values of the closure temperatures of certain minerals listed by the isotopic system being used. These values are approximations; better values of the closure temperature require more precise calculations and characterizations of the diffusion characteristics of the mineral grain being studied.

</doc>
<doc id="20637362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637362" title="CBQI">
CBQI

CBQI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20637390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637390" title="Luis A. Aguilar">
Luis A. Aguilar

Luis A. Aguilar is a Democratic commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He was appointed by President George W. Bush on March 31, 2008 and confirmed by the United States Senate on June 27, 2008. He was sworn in as a Commissioner on July 31, 2008.
Background.
Aguilar was born in Cuba and emigrated to the United States in the 1960s.
Prior to his appointment as an SEC Commissioner, Mr. Aguilar was a partner with the international law firm of McKenna Long & Aldridge, specializing in securities law. During his career, his practice included matters pertaining to general corporate and business law, international transactions, investment companies and investment advisers, securities law, and corporate finance. He also focused on issues related to corporate governance, public and private offerings (IPOs and secondary offerings), mergers and acquisitions, mutual funds, investment advisers, broker-dealers, and other aspects of federal and state securities laws and regulations.
Commissioner Aguilar's previous experience includes serving as the general counsel, executive vice president, and corporate secretary of INVESCO, with responsibility for all legal and compliance matters regarding INVESCO Institutional. He also was INVESCO's managing director for Latin America in the late 1990s. His career also includes tenure as a partner at several prominent national law firms and as an attorney at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Commissioner Aguilar has been listed in the 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008 editions of the Best Lawyers in America. He was also named one of Georgia's Super Lawyers 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2008 as published in Atlanta Magazine and Georgia Super Lawyers Magazine. He was listed on the Who's Who in Law in the Atlanta Business Chronicle for 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007, and was named one of the most influential foreign-born Atlantans by Atlanta Magazine in October 2007.
Commissioner Aguilar was named by Hispanic Business magazine in 2006 as one of the "100 Influential" Hispanics in the United States. Additionally, he was named Member of the Year in 2005 and the Atlanta Hispanic Businessman of the Year in 1994 by Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. He received MALDEF'S (Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund) "Excellence in Leadership" Award in April 2005. He was also named the 2005 Latino Attorney of the Year by the Hispanic National Bar Association.
He has been active in numerous civic and business associations. From May 2005 to May 2007, he chaired the Latin American Association (LAA), a non-profit organization that has served Georgia's Latino community for over 33 years with comprehensive services that foster healthy, self-sufficient individuals, families and communities. The LAA offers employment, immigration, youth, family, housing, and translation services, as well as English and Spanish language classes. In recent years, the LAA has provided services to over 70,000 Hispanics annually.
He has served on various Boards, including the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund (MALDEF), Girl Scouts Council of Northwest Georgia, Inc., Georgia Hispanic Bar Association, United States Fund for UNICEF Southeast Regional Chapter, and CIFAL Atlanta, Inc.
He has been very active with national organizations such as the Hispanic National Bar Association. In 2002, Commissioner Aguilar was Co-Chair of its Annual Convention and also served as Regional President (for Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi) from 2002–2006, Chair of its Financial Committee from 2003–2005, and a member of its Board of Governors since 2002. In addition, he served as the President of the Hispanic National Bar Foundation from September 2006 to July 2008.
In January 2007, Commissioner Aguilar received the Justice Robert Benham Award for Community Service by the Chief Justice's Commission on Professionalism of the Supreme Court of Georgia.
He is a graduate of the University of Georgia School of Law, and also received a master of laws degree in taxation from Emory University. He earned his Bachelor's degree from Georgia Southern University. Commissioner Aguilar has written numerous articles over the years. He is married to Denise T. Aguilar.
Commissioner Aguilar serves as sponsor of the SEC’s Hispanic Employment Committee and the African American Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20637396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637396" title="John Casey (Chuck)">
John Casey (Chuck)

Colonel John Casey (born Alexander Coburn) is portrayed by actor Adam Baldwin on the television show "Chuck" on NBC. Prior to the episode "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac," he was partnered with CIA agent Sarah Walker to protect Chuck Bartowski.
In episode 21 of season 2, "Chuck Versus the Colonel," Major Casey was promoted and subsequently addressed as "colonel." In episode 10 of season 3, "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac," Colonel Casey was dismissed, adopting his cover of an overaged retail electronics salesman as his life. He was reinstated in "Chuck Versus the Other Guy" as a condition of his turning over the Ring director whom he captured in Paris.
He was dismissed again at the end of the season 4 "Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger", and was hired by Chuck and Sarah for their private spy operation. He left Carmichael Industries to pursue his love interest, Gertrude, in the series finale.
Biography.
Only scattered information has been revealed about John Casey's past or his family. "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac" reveals that his real name is Alexander Coburn (Chuck had flashed on this name in a previous episode, but the face is redacted and Casey cautions him not to dig further) and that under the command of Col. James Keller, he faked his death and was given a new identity of John Casey. In a second-season episode, Casey was shown calling someone he referred to as his mother, but considering the situation and the fact that he referred to himself as "Johnny Boy," it seems he was speaking in code. He was a choirboy and has perfect pitch.
Even his age is unknown, though there are clues in his revealed career history. He was attempting assassinations in the 1980s, he left the Marines to become an agent in January 1989, he was 23 years old when he started training with his mentor, NSA instructor Ty Bennett, and it was 1994 at some point in his training with Bennett.
Although Casey has flown a stealth fighter, he holds his rank through the US Marine Corps. "Chuck Versus the Fake Name" reveals that Casey is a world-class sniper, and it is confirmed two episodes later that he began his career as a hot-shot Marine sniper. He served as a Lieutenant in a Marine amphibious force in Honduras in January 1989. While serving there, Casey was informed that he had not qualified to train with Special Operations Command, and immediately after receiving this news was recruited into the NSA by Colonel James Keller.
"Chuck Versus the Tic Tac" reveals that Casey served in the Marine Corps as Alex Coburn and had a fiancée named Kathleen McHugh. However, Col. Keller ordered Casey to fake his death, requiring him to give up his life and Kathleen, whom he did not know was pregnant at the time. She told him over the phone that she had some news for him, but before she could finish, Keller cut them off and gave Casey his order of faking his death. Later in that episode, after Chuck rescues Kathleen from Keller's men who were sent to kill her, Casey arrives to help him clear everything up and finds out that Kathleen has a daughter named Alex whom Casey fathered, and who is named after him. When Casey is dismissed from the NSA by Beckman, Chuck tries to persuade him that all is not lost and that it is not too late to make amends for the past now that he is a civilian because Kathleen lives around town and he can finally get to know his daughter. Casey tells Chuck that he made the choice of love of country over love of a woman a long time ago, and that it was and still is the best decision for him. In season four, Casey reveals that he had proposed to Kathleen prior to being sent overseas, noting that there was no such thing as the perfect place to propose (he proposed at the bus depot); the only thing you need is the girl.
In the NSA, despite lacking the usual qualifications, Casey was eventually accepted into the tutelage of the aforementioned Ty Bennett, under whom he trained for "a long time" (Sarah's words) and who taught Casey everything he knows (Casey's words). While teaching Casey hand-to-hand combat techniques, Bennett attempted to help Casey, who already had a short temper, find a "calm center." Since then, Casey survived torture by Baath separatists and spent two years undercover in Afghanistan. He also attended Roan Montgomery's course on Infiltration and Inducement of Enemy Personnel ("Seduction School") and failed it twice – although Montgomery revealed that he failed Casey because Casey's partner was "too pretty" to let go.
During the Clinton-era, Casey was the tactician in a special forces unit that included Packard, a special weapons expert, T.I., a hand-to-hand combat expert, and MacKintosh, an electronics expert. In 1999, the team travelled to the Zargos Mountains of Iran and planted charges to seal a safe full of gold used to fund terrorists. Packard, T.I., and MacKintosh attempted to steal the gold, but Casey managed to incapacitate them. He sealed the vault so that it could only be opened with his handprint identification. He then dragged the team to safety and had them court martialed.
Casey suffered a devastating personal tragedy while stationed undercover in Chechnya. He was involved with an Associated Press photographer named Ilsa Trinchina who was apparently killed in a bomb blast near the hotel where they were staying. The incident left him deeply traumatized, with cameras apparently causing flashbacks to the tragedy. It was later revealed that Ilsa was a French spy who had faked her own death. Ilsa reappeared in "Chuck Versus the Undercover Lover" as the undercover fiance of a Russian crime boss. Casey also had a final tryst with Ilsa after capturing the Russian crime boss before she departed for further espionage missions.
He has had previous dealings with CIA agents Bryce Larkin and Sarah Walker and has been intimately involved in some capacity with Sarah's DEA friend Carina as well.
Series.
Casey was on-hand when Bryce Larkin stole the Intersect data, and participated in the pursuit to apprehend him. He shot Bryce during his escape attempt, apparently fatally, but not before Larkin was able to successfully send the contents of the Intersect to his old college roommate, Chuck Bartowski. The National Intelligence Director (Wendy Makkena) dispatched Casey with a team to clean up the operation. He was to find the Intersect data and capture Chuck to determine what Chuck knew and who he worked for. CIA agent Sarah Walker simultaneously attempted to recover the Intersect, and in their independent missions, Casey and Walker ended up in a standoff for control of Chuck. After Sarah proved Chuck was not a threat and both agents discovered that he contained the Intersect secrets in his brain, Casey was assigned to protect him.
During an assessment to determine whether the Intersect could be removed from Chuck's head, consulting Dr. Zarnow was apparently killed by a bomb planted in his car. Sarah and Casey each secretly blamed the other for murdering Dr. Zarnow after investigating the wreckage. Sarah showed Chuck the detonator she recovered, and the flash identified it as a NSA device. However later, Casey and Chuck were both nearly killed by another of the same device, implicating Sarah as the assassin. After a confrontation between Chuck and Sarah it was revealed that Zarnow faked his own death. The doctor kidnapped Sarah in hopes of torturing the identity of the Intersect from her. Casey and Chuck pursued, and Chuck was subsequently captured and loaded on a helicopter. However Chuck resisted and the pilot was knocked unconscious. Casey attempted to talk Chuck through landing, but quickly lost his patience at which point Sarah took control and helped him down.
Despite their frequent antagonism, Casey revealed his respect for Chuck's honesty and good nature while under the effects of truth serum. Sarah while under the effects of the truth serum calls Casey her partner, their working relationship improves. However given Sarah's admission to having trained to resist such drugs it's possible Casey has as well.
As part of his cover Casey is given a job at the Buy More where he works as a "Green Shirt" selling appliances. Despite poor customer service skills, Casey is nonetheless an effective, if aggressive, salesman, and he is ruthless in dealing with shoplifting. When interviewed for a Buymore instructional video, it was revealed that he nearly eliminated shoplifting from the Burbank, California branch. Although most of his coworkers are afraid of him, they also know to come to him in dangerous situations. In the transition from Season 2 to Season 3, Casey quits his job at the Buy More at the same time as Chuck, only to be re-hired along with Chuck and Morgan less than a year later when it once again becomes a useful cover. When Morgan needs help to put down an employee revolt led by Lester, a visibly gleeful Casey remarks, "Insurgents? I "hate" insurgents!." Promoted by Morgan to "Lieutenant Assistant Manager;" Casey intimidates the staff by putting out a burning a cigar using his arm and not flinching a muscle, and (without fully disclosing to Morgan) ultimately brainwashes Lester, and for his success Morgan rewards him with a raise.
Casey spends much of his downtime monitoring Chuck's home with listening devices from his apartment in the same complex. His preferred listening device is the EM-50. When Chuck discovers the bugs after a tipoff from Laszlo and confronts his handler, Casey shows little reaction despite it being one of the first times Chuck directly stands up to him. Casey also keeps a "Chuck diary", which he keeps hidden in his Buy More locker. Chuck later admits to being a fan of Casey's work.
Casey is forced to face a painful chapter from his past when Chuck flashes on a list of Russian mobsters staying in Los Angeles, and one of the names, Ilsa Trinchina, pointes directly to "Sugar Bear," a name Chuck realizes was her pet name for Casey. Chuck innocently teases Casey over it and Casey's temper nearly drives him to strangle Chuck. Sarah then reveals to Chuck that Trinchina was apparently killed by a bomb in Chechnya. Later, Chuck and Casey learn that Ilsa is a French spy and had faked her death in the blast. Chuck convinces Casey to fight for her, and although they rekindle their relationship, Casey and Ilsa ultimately part ways.
He meets with a very personal betrayal when he discovers his old mentor and sensei, Ty Bennett, had turned rogue and is building a criminal empire with former students, even inviting Casey to join him. The mission to capture Bennett nearly proves fatal to Chuck when Casey allows the vendetta to distract him. As a result, Beckman orders Casey to stand down and pulls him off the case to apprehend Bennett, bluntly telling him that he was never told Bennett went rogue because they knew he would go after him. After being confined to Castle, Casey takes advantage of Chuck's empathy and compassion to facilitate his escape, then goes after Bennett himself. Casey duels with Bennett, who taunts him over his lack of focus and calm. Chuck, realizing that Casey's anger is his strength, tricks Casey into instead channeling his anger to defeat Bennett. For this, Casey shows a rare moment of sincere gratitude to Chuck.
Despite his long service, including in many dangerous hot spots spanning three wars, Casey had never lost an appendage in the line of duty. However, this changes when Ned Rhyerson, a Fulcrum agent posing as a frightened amateur criminal, takes the Buy More hostage as a setup to discover what the CIA and NSA were protecting there. When Ned discovers Casey, secretly knowing that Casey is with the NSA, he feigns an inexperience with firearms, pretended not to know how to uncock his revolver; when the weapon "accidentally" fires, the bullet severs a substantial part of Casey's left pinky toe.
Unknown to Sarah and Chuck, who believed that Chuck would be allowed to return to his civilian life once the Intersect mission is finished, Casey was under orders to execute Chuck to prevent the data from falling into the wrong hands once Chuck's Intersect became redundant. After recovering the Cipher, a key component of the rebuilt Intersect, the command to terminate Chuck is given. Casey attempts to appeal the decision, but Beckman and Graham believe there is no other choice; Graham specifically asks Casey if could remove the Intersect from Chuck's head and guarantee that Chuck would not be kidnapped and tortured, and Casey admits he could not. However, before Casey could carry out his orders, the Trojan horse Cipher explodes, killing Graham and destroying the new Intersect. This turn of events retracted his terminate orders since Chuck still is the only copy of the Intersect, and the orders naturally become moot after Chuck's father removes the original Intersect from Chuck's brain. The order appears to remain rescinded following Chuck's decision to implant the Intersect 2.0 into his brain. After failing his spy training, Chuck is dismissed from the agency, and Casey appears ready to pull out of Burbank without any mention of execution orders.
Despite his aforementioned hatred of Alejandro Goya, Casey is forced to save the Premier's life from an attempted assassination by The Ring. As he had the same blood type, his blood is also used to save the premier. Goya is so grateful he acknowledges Casey for his great skills, and gives him a gift of pre-revolution cigars. Later in the series, Goya is deposed in a coup d'état led by his wife, Hortencia, causing Goya to flee his homeland, Costa Gravas; Goya decides that the safest place for him to stay is with Casey. Casey reveals that Goya's trusted advisor, Turinni, is infatuated with Hortencia, and exposes him as one of the driving forces behind the coup. To save Casey's life, Goya knocks Casey out and agrees to go back to Costa Gravas. Casey, who has extensive knowledge of Costa Gravas and Goya's palace, leads Sarah and Chuck through Costa Gravas' sewers in a mission to save Goya. As Chuck and Sarah successfully mediate between Goya and Hortencia, Casey captures Turrini, and the three prevent a nuclear attack on the States. Goya addresses Casey as the man that saved Costa Gravas from civil war and leads him from the nuclear control room to the palace where he had a more fitting reward for the Angel of Life.
In "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac," Casey is coerced by his former commander, Col. Keller, who is now a Ring spy, to steal a combat-performance-enhancing pill. Keller threatens to have Casey's ex fiancee, Kathleen McHugh, killed unless he cooperates. Despite General Beckman's orders to stand down, and facing charges of treason, Casey does everything he can to save Kathleen, eventually getting help from Chuck and Sarah. In the end, Keller is taken down, Kathleen is saved, and instead of going to prison for treason, Beckman gives Casey a something of a "second second chance", dismissing him from the Marine Corps and NSA service, and allowing him re-enter civilian life without his pension.
Casey finds readjusting to life as a civilian difficult, and nearly ends up sued for assault by Jeff and Lester after he catches them goofing off in the store. Big Mike successfully mediates the situation in an effort to "smooth" Casey's jagged edges. He is surprised to learn Chuck has been called in for his "final exam," and later breaks the law by killing Chuck's "red test" target when Chuck himself hesitated. Casey subsequently warns him not to reveal what happened, as Casey had committed an unsanctioned murder and in the process defrauded the government.
In "Chuck Versus the American Hero," Casey sees Chuck as his opportunity to get back to spy work when he learns Chuck is authorized by Beckman to choose his own team. After Chuck announces his intentions to win Sarah back first before making any other decisions, Casey agrees to join forces with Morgan and Devon to help. Unfortunately their efforts are not entirely successful and the three of them end up in jail for the night. Later, Casey helps Sarah escape Castle when Chuck locks her in while going to rescue Shaw. After the mission, with Sarah packing to meet Chuck at the train station, Casey meets her at her apartment, admits that he killed Perry, and wishes her a good life.
Casey is reinstated by General Beckman following the events of "Chuck Versus the Other Guy," after he apprehended Ring head The Director while Chuck stopped the now-rogue Shaw and rescued Sarah. Recognizing the part he played in the operation, Casey also vouches for Morgan with Beckman and arranges for him to be officially hired on to Team Bartowski.
When Chuck and Sarah go AWOL yet again while in Paris in the episode "Chuck Versus the Honeymooners," Beckman orders Casey to track the two with Morgan's assistance. Although initially reluctant to accept Morgan's help, he is eventually forced to acknowledge that Morgan was more useful than he first considered; as Beckman had noted, "Mr. Grimes and the Intersect have a strangely co-dependent relationship." After tracking down his missing partners and helping them apprehend a defecting Basque terrorist, Casey decides to let the two run away to leave the spy life. The mission nearly ends disastrously when two Interpol agents coming to take the prisoner into custody are revealed to be members of the terrorist ETA, but Casey and Morgan are rescued by Chuck and Sarah. After the mission, Casey personally vouches to General Beckman for Morgan's role in locating Chuck and Sarah and his decisive actions in securing the Basque prisoner.
In "Chuck Versus the Tooth" Casey is unwittingly involved in a Ring plot to seize Stephen Bartowski, when a Ring operative named Justin Sullivan, Ellie meet in Africa identifies Casey as a double-agent attempting to get his hands on her father. She becomes convinced when she sees Casey's cache of weapons. In "Chuck Versus the Living Dead", Casey is told by Chuck to keep and eye on Ellie and he tails her. However, when he finds her attempting to meet with her Ring contact, Casey presumes that she is having an affair and tells Morgan to question Devon. Casey later attempts to plant bugs around Ellie's apartment, thinking that she would not be home for a while. When she arrives back and heard him upstairs, Justin tells her to use the gun inside set of speakers he gave her to deal with Casey. Ellie cannot bring herself to do it and instead bludgeons Casey with a frying pan before running to Justin, who secretly holds her captive.
At four years, Team Bartowski is the longest assignment Casey has ever had, and he has effectively put down roots. Consequently, he initially refuses an offer to leave the NSA to command a CIA National Clandestine Service team because he does not wish to leave Burbank; NCS Director Jane Bentley (Robin Givens), however, then shows him to the new section of Castle from which he would be based. He is retired or dismissed again after he and his team go rogue in "Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger" to save Sarah's life; he and Morgan are then hired by Chuck and Sarah's new private spy operation.
Development.
Adam Baldwin was cast in the role of John Casey, announced on February 8, 2007. Schwartz had Baldwin in mind for the role almost from the beginning of the casting process.
Although the character of Casey has received relatively little attention, Schwartz indicated in interviews that "Chuck Versus the Undercover Lover" established a lot of what made Casey, Casey. He received further development in "Chuck Versus the Sensei," when it's revealed that his former mentor had turned rogue. Most lately, Casey's beginnings, along with the revelation that John Casey was not his birth name, was hinted in during "Chuck Versus the Fake Name" before being revealed in "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac", along with significant present-storyline development, including his dismissal from government employment. Much of Casey's personality and background is revealed through small details that surface in episodes, often used to humorous effect.
Interviews with Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak at San Diego Comic-Con 2009 have indicated Casey's role will develop from strictly a protector to take on aspects of a mentor/student relationship with Chuck. Chris Fedak has also confirmed that Casey's family will be revisited later in Season 3.
Branch of Service.
Confusion throughout the series over Casey's branch of service was resolved in "Chuck Versus the Angel de la Muerte," when he both identifies himself as a Marine and the letters USMC are clearly visible stamped on his dog tags. "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac" had previously supported the theory that Casey was a Marine officer, and his recruitment into the special forces is depicted in a flashback. Furthermore, he constantly wears a class ring resembling the United States Naval Academy, a commissioning source for Naval and Marine officers. He wears his Marine Corps Blue Dress "B" uniform when staging his own funeral in "Chuck Versus the Couch Lock".
Rank.
In addition to confusion over his branch of service, the series was also ambiguous over the rank Casey was promoted to in "Chuck Versus the Colonel." Throughout the episode, he is referred to as "Colonel Casey." Although normal rank progression from major is to be promoted to lieutenant colonel, the episode never establishes whether he was promoted to this rank or full colonel, as both ranks are frequently referred to as "colonel" in casual usage, and "colonel" is the proper honorific used when addressing officers of either rank.
"Chuck Versus the Couch Lock" ultimately clarified Casey's rank when he is seen wearing the eagle insignia of a full colonel with his dress uniform, confirming that by this episode Casey had received a promotion to "bird colonel." However it is still unknown whether he skipped ranks directly to full colonel, or if he was initially promoted to lieutenant colonel during the events of "Chuck Versus the Colonel" and had since been promoted again.
Awards and decorations.
Awards and decorations identified from a close-up of Casey's/Coburn's "fruit salad".
Continuity.
"Chuck Versus the Tic Tac" introduced further confusion into Casey's age, service, and background. Although in "Chuck Versus the Angel de la Muerte" he mentions having attempted to assassinate Premiere Goya at Beckman's personal orders on several occasions in the early 1980s (once as early as 1982) and further admitted pride in the number of Goya's men he killed fighting against the Communist revolution in Costa Gravas, the name "John Casey" did not even appear in the government's records until 1989. Beckman herself gave no indication of having known Casey was born as Alexander Coburn until his file was opened after his apparent treason. In "Chuck Versus Santa Claus" Casey is seen calling his "mother" and identifying himself as "Johnny Boy."
The character's age is implied to be considerably older than that of Baldwin in "Chuck Versus the Couch Lock". His ribbons include the Vietnam Service Medal with three campaign stars, the Vietnam Gallantry Cross (unit award), Vietnam Civil Actions Medal (unit award), and Vietnam Campaign Medal. Even if his three campaign stars are for the final three campaigns in Vietnam for which campaign stars were awarded, he would have had to have been fighting in-country on or before 29 March 1972, the last eligible day of "Consolidation II" (see Vietnam service campaign dates), thereby placing Casey well into his fifties. Still more out of place is his Philippine Independence Medal which has not been awarded since 1948. "See" #Awards and decorations.
The series has yet to address these continuity conflicts.
Personality.
John Casey was described by Sarah in "Chuck Versus the Intersect" as a "burnout," although the exact meaning of this was never explained. Chuck describes him as having an "angry center," as opposed to the traditional "calm center". He is gruff, straightforward, cynical, and hard-edged, and tends to keep everyone at an emotional distance. He is often sarcastic and ironic, and rarely shows signs of caring for anything other than his job and country (and his bonsai tree), and takes a dark delight in playing on the insecurities and romantic awkwardness of his teammates (most often Chuck, but has teased Sarah on occasion; in one deleted scene, he seemed to enjoy Jill Roberts' discomfort upon meeting Sarah). He is often impatient and views what he knows as common knowledge, making him an incredibly poor instructor: when stuck flying a helicopter, a panic ridden Chuck demanded that Casey put Sarah on the phone as Casey's instructions were too technical for him to understand; when tasked to train Morgan Grimes, he gives Morgan a number of tasks to test him as a field agent, but fails to demonstrate how to accomplish the tasks, subsequently causing Morgan to fail each task set. He has an adversity to those rebelling against the "order" of things, as shown with his formed alliance with Morgan against Lester's "insurgent" (as Casey put it) uprising.
Despite the humour, Casey is a killer and assassin who has no compunction about solving problems with violence, often has difficulty distinguishing the value of human life, and seems to enjoy the prospect of killing a little too much. In the pilot, he apparently kills Bryce, he permits his fellow NSA agents to kill Sarah, and, later, comes close to killing both Chuck and Sarah, calling it a night and going out for pancakes. A number of times, Casey has only been kept from killing Lester and Jeff because of Chuck, most notably when Lester stole Chuck's Orion Laptop and almost blew up the Burbank and Beverly Hills Buy Mores with a predator. When Anna claimed to know someone that could arrange Harry Tang to have an 'accident,' Chuck immediately asked Casey if he offered his services to Anna; Casey's reaction was an overenthusiastic "No... Why? Do you want me to kill him?" When Devon broke into (and got trapped in) Casey's apartment to ascertain why Casey was so interested in Chuck, Casey is only stopped from killing Devon by Sarah's timely arrival. He has also let his anger come to the point that he almost killed Chuck when his former sensei locked Chuck in his trunk and goaded Casey to a game of chicken; Casey acquiesced despite knowing Chuck was in the trunk. In a bonus feature in the season two DVD, Casey instructs how to become a deadly spy, starting with shooting two guys who were talking off camera and ending with advice on getting a second job during down time and advocating the elimination the other applicants ('... so go out and find a goat. Start practicing'). His predisposition to violence does lead to problems, while mainly personal (for obvious reasons), some have been professional errors that have lead him to be removed from future missions (in "Chuck Versus the Suitcase," Casey is benched from going on a mission to Madrid because he stabbed someone with a stiletto.)
On occasion, however, Casey does allow part of his human side through. This was most clearly revealed when confronted by his former lover, Ilsa, and later by the revelation that his mentor had turned rogue. He also vouched for Sarah's father and suggested his assistance in helping them apprehend a Saudi sheik with terrorist ties should be considered when Jack Burton was to be brought to trial for his own illegal activities. Although he disagreed with Sarah's feelings for Chuck in "Chuck Versus the Crown Vic," he later attempted to defend her in front of Beckman when Sarah was to be replaced by CIA agent Alexandra Forrest, insisting that Beckman allow Chuck to state his own case as to why he worked well with Sarah and admits that she is the best partner he's ever had. Chuck has even stated that even the reason Casey acts tough is because deep down, he really does care for Chuck and Sarah not only as his partners, but as his friends and that he's just scared to show his true emotions. The depth of his personal feelings for Sarah and Chuck are illustrated in "Chuck Versus the Final Exam" and "Chuck Versus the American Hero," when he helps Chuck "cheat" on his Red Test by killing the mark. He later confessed to Sarah that he pulled the trigger because Chuck could not, as he believed the knowledge would convince Sarah she really did still love him (although Sarah had already decided to leave with Chuck). Twice in "Chuck Versus the Honeymooners" Casey offered Chuck and Sarah the chance to escape to live out their lives together, reminding Sarah of his own choice when he faked his death to be sure it was what she genuinely wanted. Despite his support for the couple's relationship, Casey is nonetheless disgusted by their public displays of affection. In "Chuck Versus the Tooth" the sincerity of Casey's regard for Chuck is revealed when he independently visited Dr. Leo Dreyfus to offer his help in determining what was happening with Chuck when the Intersect apparently began to malfunction.
Casey has a deep sense of personal honor that occasionally comes into conflict with his sense of duty to his country; in particular, he personally objects when a person has served his country honorably and is nevertheless slated to suffer as a result of government actions. When it appeared that the replacement Intersect was ready, despite the antagonism he often expressed toward Chuck, he did not want to terminate him and felt that Chuck's service to the government entitled him to a better fate than termination. However he is also loyal to his government, and when it was sufficiently explained to him that leaving Chuck alive would place the country in danger, he was prepared to carry out his instructions regardless of his personal feelings. Later, in "Chuck Versus the Colonel," Casey apprehends Chuck and Sarah for going AWOL (an act of treason and perceived personal betrayal, he expresses disappointment that they didn't ask him for his help) to rescue Chuck's father, Stephen, but promises to ensure Stephen's safety, as Stephen has served his country honorably. When Beckman tells Casey that the government plans to bomb the base where Stephen is being held, he sticks to his word and embarks on a personal mission to save Stephen. He later covers for Chuck and Sarah to General Beckman about the AWOL mission, thereby saving them from prosecution for treason.
The importance Casey puts on loyalty and honor is a catalyst for his growing fondness of, and respect for, the excentric, juvenile and essentially untrained Morgan Grimes. Casey repays Morgan for the loyalty and support Morgan provided during Casey's dismissal and humiliation, by insisting that the government hire him. Casey vacates his prohibition against Morgan dating Alex after Morgan saves the team's lives at great risk to his own, and is perfectly accepting of the relationship's obvious sexual component as soon as Morgan professed that he cares deeply for Alex. When Morgan defies Casey's order to retreat and goes to save his employees from terrorists, Casey immediately belays his prior order and loans Morgan a sidearm. While initially against allowing Morgan to move into his apartment, Casey is pleased with Morgan's resistance to torture and his demonstrated reliability.
Casey is a staunch gun rights advocate. He keeps a photo of former President Ronald Reagan in his apartment which he has a habit of saluting and addressing directly as "Sir," is a Republican, and has a "Rogues Gallery" he uses for target practice, including pictures of Adolf Hitler and Osama bin Laden. His two prized possessions are his 1985 Crown Vic and his Bonsai tree, though he deliberately killed the tree in a fit of rage when he learned his former mentor had turned rogue. He also purchased himself a new gun for Christmas. Although he expressed a dislike of President Clinton and his "mouthy wife" during the 90s, Casey is nonetheless a strict adherent to duty and continued to follow his orders.
"Chuck Versus the First Kill" humorously suggested Casey is not as intelligent as the other team members when he tried to cheat off Chuck's Fulcrum entrance exam, however he is an excellent shot and trained killer, and is one of five men in the world who could make a particularly difficult shot at half a mile's range. Casey is also a skilled martial artist, which is demonstrated when he fights his old sensei in "Chuck Versus the Sensei," although Casey was forced to retreat when he fought Sarah in "Chuck Versus the Helicopter." He has demonstrated a remarkable tolerance to pain and extreme endurance. He broke his own thumb to escape a set of handcuffs in "Chuck Versus the Suburbs," was able to remain awake and function relatively normally after being shot with a tranquilizer dart in "Chuck Versus the Helicopter," and it took Chuck three tranq darts to put Casey down in "Chuck Versus the Dream Job." In "Chuck Versus the Fake Name" Casey not only encouraged Chuck to torture him to secure his cover with a pair of mobsters contracting for The Ring, but took Chuck completely removing one of his teeth without anesthesia in stride and casually shrugged it off as no longer needing a trip to the dentist for treating a cavity. Casey is also exceptionally strong. When Carina cuffed him to a bed in "Chuck Versus the Wookiee" he managed to free himself by tearing apart the frame with minimal leverage and no assistance, and ripped an entire radiator from the wall of a motel room in "Chuck Versus the Colonel," and, on several occasions, has lifted and throttled fully grown men off the floor literally single-handedly: Chuck Bartowski in "Chuck Versus the Undercover Lover"; Col. James Keller (whose neck he then snapped) in "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac"; and Morgan Grimes in "Chuck Versus the Couch Lock". He can turn almost anything into a weapon, including the aforementioned bed frame and radiator, as well as household appliances. Casey carries a custom SIG Sauer P229 with a two-tone accented design, often being confused with the Equinox model (Equinox model being equipped with accessory rails, whereas Casey's is not). Casey's sidearm is also modified with Crimson Trace laser grips and mounts for a suppressor throughout the series.
A significant amount of humor in the series centers around Casey's demeanor and random moments that are completely incongruous with his tough image, such as unexpectedly singing a note to which a puzzle is keyed and revealing having been a choir boy with perfect pitch, and dancing to 90's music (specifically Hanson's "MMMBop") while undercover as a DJ at Sarah's high school reunion. One of Casey's favorite movies is "Steel Magnolias". While working at the Buy More in the days leading up to Christmas, 2008, Casey had been assigned to man the gift-wrap counter and was so distraught over the resulting paper cuts he had band-aids on all his fingers. Casey, along with his Special Forces unit, was the planner of Ellie Bartowski and Devon Woodcomb's second, more successful, wedding ceremony. Casey is also fond of quiche, a dish which he takes very seriously, and takes his coffee "black and bitter." He is also somewhat vain as shown in "Chuck Versus the Three Words". When instructed to pose as Carina's father, he insists that he be a young uncle.
He frequently responds to situations with monosyllabic grunts, which Chuck can recognize and has even numbered, and often tosses off one-liners reminiscent of cliché action films, sometimes quoting Baldwin's own previous roles.
Casey goes rogue again; along with Morgan, Chuck, and Mary Bartowski; to save Sarah's life. With Operation Bartowski cancelled and the team all dismissed from government service, Casey and Morgan are hired by Chuck and Sarah for their private spy operation. He told Jane Bentley in "Chuck Versus the Masquerade" that he had no intention of leaving Burbank, indicating that Castle would be the terminal assignment of his military career. It is unclear whether Casey was dismissed again or if he retired from the Marine Corps.
Relationships.
Casey and Sarah.
Before being assigned to protect Chuck, Casey knew of Sarah as "Langston Graham's wild-card enforcer." Casey was described by Sarah in "Chuck Versus the Intersect" as a "burnout," although the exact meaning of this was never explained. He authorized his fellow NSA agents to kill Sarah when attempting to take Chuck into custody, and was prepared to do so himself prior to being jointly assigned to protect him. He also initially warns Chuck not to trust Sarah.
Casey's working relationship with Sarah was strained not long after, when her personal feelings for Chuck began to interfere with their assignment to use Chuck's new girlfriend Lou as a means to get close to the smuggler Stavros Demetrios. Although Sarah denied any such feelings, Casey chided her for falling for men she worked with, making a point to add that he was in no way interested.
Despite his own nature and preference for conventional spy tactics, Casey has realized that Operation Bartowski is most effective with Sarah Walker, and omitted most of the details of Chuck and Sarah's emotional involvement from his reports to Beckman until she specifically ordered him to give an unabridged report. This led to a 49-B, a practice wherein another Agent (in this case, Agent Forrest), would assess whether or not the emotions between the two were a liability; which, eventually, Agent Forrest decided they were. While Casey admired Forrest's thinking, he also realized she was a greater liability on the team than Sarah, despite (or perhaps even due to) her feelings for Chuck. In a rare display of emotion he told Agent Forrest that Sarah was the best partner he ever had, and strongly disagreed with her assessment of her as a liability to the operation. He encouraged Chuck to tell General Beckman why Sarah should remain on the team.
Later, Casey arrives at Sarah's apartment to find her packing, admits he was the one who killed Perry and Chuck was unable to pull the trigger. At this confession, Sarah's face lights up, and she thanks Casey, who responds with wishing her a good life as he departs.
Casey and Chuck.
Casey's relationship with Chuck is complicated. A running gag is that Chuck (always unintentionally) will typically cause Casey distress, embarrassment or physical harm at some point during an episode (such as the destruction of Casey's prized Crown Vic). Typically, Casey is hard on and insulting to Chuck and takes a dark pleasure in making Chuck feel insecure; he shows frustration with Chuck's constant mistakes, inability to perform tasks for which he is not trained, and constantly failing to follow orders. However, although he seldom expresses it openly, he seems to recognize that Chuck is doing the best he can as a civilian forced to act as a spy with little or no training. He does at times show appreciation for him and recognizes that he has potential as an agent. He has expressed respect for Chuck's integrity, intelligence, and inventiveness. He showed particular respect for Chuck's courage in deciding to use the only sample of an antidote in their possession to save his sister's life, even though he had been poisoned and would die without it. The two seem to have a brotherly relationship; Chuck drives Casey crazy but still cares about him.
After Chuck helped Casey save his former fiance in "Chuck Versus the Tic Tac", Casey tells Chuck not to waste his chance with Sarah because it's not too late.
Casey, Devon and Morgan agree to help get Chuck and Sarah back together, but Chuck's first attempt fails when Sarah responds icily to his promotion. She admits after seeing him "kill" Hunter Perry, he's no longer the same man she fell in love with. Morgan, Casey and Devon refuse to let him back down, The trio borrow Jeff's spy gear-equipped van to kidnap Chuck and stakeout Sarah and Shaw on a date. While Morgan draws Shaw out of the restaurant by calling him in the guise of a Ring agent, Chuck moves in and lays out how he feels to Sarah. The plan goes belly up and the men get arrested.
Meanwhile, Casey is still largely paralyzed by his dismissal and initially unwilling to help when Morgan and Chuck arrive to enlist him in their off-book operation to save Sarah. However, Morgan is able to appeal to his sense of duty and convinces him to help. On the flight to Paris, Chuck's ability to flash is of no use in determining Shaw's destination, however Casey reminds Chuck of his own intelligence without the need of the Intersect.
He also showed genuine pride with Chuck in "Chuck Versus the Subway" when Chuck discovers and infiltrates Shaw's Ring base (clearing his, Sarah's and Casey's names and exposing Shaw as a Ring Operative and enemy Intersect) instead of directly attempting to rescue Sarah and Casey, visibly causing Shaw distress; both Sarah and Casey smile at Shaw's discomfort and Casey admits to Sarah that "Bartowski's a spy."
At the beginning of season four in "Chuck Versus the Anniversary", Casey's respect and affection for Chuck were confirmed when he shows restrained anger after a moment of grief when it seems that Chuck was executed, threatening to tear Marco "limb from limb from limb". Earlier in the episode, he remarks that Chuck should be on the mission to destroy Volkoff with Walker and himself, candidly stating that "Chuck's a spy... he's good at it." After he admits to being ticked that Chuck didn't ask for his and Sarah's help after he learns Chuck and Morgan had set out alone to search for Chuck and Ellie's missing mother, Chuck officially asks Casey and Sarah for their help, and they enthusiastically agree to help Chuck and Morgan's search. Casey tells Chuck that, even without the Intersect, he's the second best spy with whom Casey has ever worked.
At the end of series in "Chuck Versus the Goodbye", Casey shows the depth of his friendship and respect for Chuck, when he hugs Chuck goodbye, something he was visually uncomfortable with earlier on in "Chuck Versus the Ring".
Casey and Morgan.
The importance Casey puts on loyalty and honor is a catalyst for his growing fondness of, and respect for, the excentric, juvenile and essentially untrained Morgan Grimes. Casey repays Morgan for the loyalty and support Morgan provided during Casey's dismissal and humiliation, by insisting that the government hire him.
When Morgan needs help to put down an employee revolt led by Lester, a visibly gleeful Casey remarks, "Insurgents? I "hate" insurgents!." Promoted by Morgan to "Lieutenant Assistant Manager;" Casey intimidates the staff by putting out a burning a cigar using his arm and not flinching a muscle, and (without fully disclosing to Morgan) ultimately brainwashes Lester, and for his success Morgan rewards him with a raise.
Casey vacates his prohibition against Morgan dating Alex after Morgan saves the team's lives at great risk to his own, and is perfectly accepting of the relationship's obvious sexual component as soon as Morgan professed that he cares deeply for Alex. When Morgan defies Casey's order to retreat and goes to save his employees from terrorists, Casey immediately belays his prior order and loans Morgan a sidearm. While initially against allowing Morgan to move into his apartment, Casey is pleased with Morgan's resistance to torture and his demonstrated reliability.
when tasked to train Morgan Grimes, he gives Morgan a number of tasks to test him as a field agent, but fails to demonstrate how to accomplish the tasks, subsequently causing Morgan to fail each task set. He has an adversity to those rebelling against the "order" of things, as shown with his formed alliance with Morgan against Lester's "insurgent" (as Casey put it) uprising.
Casey and Alex.
It is revealed in "Chuck Versus the Subway" that Casey has re-established contact with his daughter, Alex, and is a regular visitor to the diner in which she works although she is unaware of his identity. When Justin captures Casey at the restaurant, Casey escapes, "kidnapping" Alex, later revealing his identity as her father. At the end of "", Alex comes to dinner at Chuck's apartment with Morgan, to whom she gave her number, Casey, and the rest of the growing Team Bartowski. Casey has shown to be very protective of his daughter. He threatens to break Morgan's fingers (his thumbs were already broken) if Morgan does not stop flirting with Alex. After Casey is drugged and rescued, Morgan is forced to awaken him by confessing that he is dating Alex. This provokes Casey into throat-lifting Morgan, threatening his life. Morgan willingly nearly electrocutes himself to save Chuck, Sarah and Casey. Impressed by Morgan's courage and loyalty, Casey relents and deems Morgan fit to date Alex. After convincing Alex to get back together with Grimes he threatened Morgan "If you break her heart, I break your everything." When Casey sees Alex leave Morgan's and Chuck's apartment one morning in one of Morgan's shirts, he intimidatingly confronts Morgan. Morgan initially attempts to deny his sexual component to his relationship with Alex but eventually explains that he cares deeply about Alex; Casey then releases his grip on Morgan and explains, "That's all I wanted to hear." Despite his love for Alex, he is uncomfortable expressing it in words and admonishes Morgan likewise to show it with actions rather than stating it in words. Alex tells Morgan over Casey's injured and comatose body that, while she's only known Casey a short time, she loves him very much; Morgan assures her that Casey loves her more than she can know.
Casey and Devon.
Casey always consided Devon to be just a Frat boy, Casey muttered "God, I hate this family" when alerted that Devon broke into (and got trapped in) Casey's apartment to ascertain why Casey was so interested in Chuck, Casey is only stopped from killing Devon by Sarah's timely arrival. After Morgan discovers Chucks secrets, Shaw insists that Morgan be placed into witness protection, against Chuck's objections. Casey is also unconvinced when Chuck points out Devon knows his secret as well (as Devon is "Awesome" and Morgan is a moron). Casey has not reservation against using Devon for his mission's needs, At Devon's bucksparty, he assists Agent Forrest into getting Devon's medical pass in a plot to find an Afghani terrorist.
Casey accepted Chuck's offer to attend Devon's and Ellie's engagement party hoping it was an open bar. After Ted Roark and Fulcrim gatecrash Devon and Ellies wedding, ruining the reception and destroying the ceremony, Casey's Special Forces unit help by quickly organizing the beach-side wedding that Ellie had really wanted the entire time.
When Ellie is in labor, Casey reveals to Devon that he regrets missing his own daughter's birth, and advises Devon not to make the same mistake. Morgan and Alex later join Casey and the rest of the Bartowski clan outside the birthing suite. when a midwife asked if they were family, they all replied that they were.
Casey and Ellie.
Though it starts relatively genial, Ellie and Casey's relationship becomes strained and uneasy at the start of Season Three, when Chuck protects Devon by lying to Ellie that Devon was getting Casey out of jail for being drunk and disorderly (Devon adds that Casey exposed and wet himself) during the time Devon was on a Ring mission to kill Shaw. Frequently in the third season, Ellie is distrustful of Casey, mentioning her being aware of his public indecency, and taking any alcohol away from him, much to Casey's constant confusion. While it plays primarily to the comedy of the series, the mistrust also allows the Ring to use Ellie later.
Casey and Gertrude.
John Casey was given a romantic interest in Gertrude Verbanski, the head of Carmichael Industries' biggest spy competition, Verbanski Corp., said by Fedak to be "the best spy company in the world".
Gertrude Verbanski is a former KGB agent and head of Verbanski Corp. She was once an adversary of John Casey, having disarmed him of his gun in Minsk, 1995, before they had a formal relationship in Season 5

</doc>
<doc id="20637410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637410" title="Thomastown Football Club">
Thomastown Football Club

Thomastown Football Club are known as the Bears and are an Australian rules football club located 17 km north of Melbourne in the suburb of Thomastown, Victoria fielding teams in the Northern Football League.
Timeline of the Thomastown F.C.
Established as a Junior club at end of 1966 to provide recreation for the youth of the local area.
The Senior club was established at the end of 1975.
The Bears first Senior premiership was the E Grade in 1983, 21.12.138 to Old Trinity 14.9.93 going through as Premiers and Champions. 
The Bears second Senior premiership was the D1 Grade in 1989, 21.10.136 to Old Mentonians 9.16.70.
Premiership Years.
1983, 1989
2008
Runners Up.
1980, 1995

</doc>
<doc id="20637497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637497" title="Shokat as-Sufi">
Shokat as-Sufi

Shokat as-Sufi is a Palestinian town in the southern Gaza Strip, south of Rafah and adjacent to the inoperable Yasser Arafat International Airport. It is one of the poorest localities in the Gaza Strip, and has underdeveloped infrastructure.
According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS) census in 1997, Shokat as-Sufi had a population of 5,663 of which 90% were Palestinian refugees. The gender make-up of the town was 49.3% male and 50.7% female. According to the PCBS, in mid-year 2006, it had a population of 8,094. 
Shokat as-Sufi is governed by a municipal council of eleven members including the mayor, who since 2005 has been Mousa Abu Jlaidan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20637500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637500" title="CBWF">
CBWF

CBWF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20637516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637516" title="258th Field Artillery Regiment">
258th Field Artillery Regiment

History.
Predecessors of the 258th Field Artillery Regiment fought in the War of 1812, the Spanish American War, the United States Civil War, World War I, World War II, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom. The 258th Field Artillery is one of only nineteen Army National Guard units with campaign credit for the War of 1812. 
During World War II the unit was triangulated per then current Army policy. They became the 258th Field Artillery Group, 258th Field Artillery Battalion and the 991st Field Artillery Battalion. All were in the ETO. 1st Battalion was re-designated the "258th Field Artillery Battalion" The 2nd battalion was re-designated the "991st Field Artillery Battalion" The 991st was attached to the 3rd Armored Division for most of the war. Battery "B" of the 991st was credited with firing the first shells into Germany and Battery "C" was given credit for its role in the capture of Aachen. The 991st was also the first American unit to use captured enemy shells and fire them back. Their name, "Washington Greys" comes from the fact that this unit acted as escort to General George Washington at his inauguration as first president in New York City.
The 258th Field Artillery or "Washington Greys" is a field artillery unit of the New York Army National Guard. It once consisted of 4 battalions. 
1st Bn (155mm towed), 2nd Bn (105mm towed), 3rd Bn (105mm towed), and the 4th Rocket/Howitzer Battalion armed with 8" Howitzer and Honest John Rocket They were all located in the Kingsbridge Armory, Bronx, NY. and were part of the 42nd Infantry Division Artillery (DIVARTY) The 3rd Battalion was deactivated first; then in 1967 the 2nd Battalion, followed in 1973 by the 4th Battalion.
Today the heritage of the 258th Field Artillery Regiment is carried on by the 1st Battalion, 258th Field Artillery, part of the 27th Infantry Brigade, New York Army National Guard.
Distinctive unit insignia.
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/16 inches (3.02 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, two bars Gray fimbriated Or in chief three mullets of the second (Gray) fimbriated of the third (Or). Attached below the shield a Gold scroll inscribed “PARATUS ET FIDELIS” in Red letters. 
The shield is the shield of George Washington modified by reversing the colors and using gray piped with gold, instead of silver, and giving a red shield for Artillery. The arms of the Father of our Country are not to be borne by any organization and the shield of the regiment is accordingly modified. The reason for this selection is that it is a tradition that one company of this regiment paraded as an escort to General Washington on the occasion of his inauguration as President on 30 April 1789, and in commemoration of that event, assumed the name of “Washington Greys” which it has borne to this date. It was then an Artillery organization and wore a gray uniform. 
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 258th Field Artillery Regiment on 19 January 1925. It was redesignated for the 258th Field Artillery Battalion on 12 March 1954. It was redesignated for the 258th Artillery Regiment on 22 March 1962. The insignia was amended to add a motto on 18 October 1968. It was redesignated for the 258th Field Artillery Regiment on 31 July 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20637551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637551" title="Sono Art-World Wide Pictures">
Sono Art-World Wide Pictures

Sono Art-World Wide Pictures was an American film distribution and production company that existed from 1927 to 1933. Among their feature films was "The Great Gabbo" (1929) starring Erich von Stroheim and directed by James Cruze for James Cruze Productions, Inc. One of the last films distributed by the company was "A Study in Scarlet" (1933) starring Reginald Owen as Sherlock Holmes.
Sono Art was also the original U.S. distributor for four Alfred Hitchcock films, "Downhill" (1927), "Easy Virtue" (1928), "The Manxman" (1929), and "Blackmail" (1929), as well as the British Anna May Wong vehicle "Piccadilly" (1929).
In 1933, Sono-Art merged with Rayart pictures to form Monogram Pictures. The original Monogram (including its library) merged into Republic Pictures in 1935; that library is now owned by Paramount Pictures (through Republic). The "new" Monogram started in 1937, later becoming Allied Artists and merging into Lorimar Productions (now part of Warner Bros.) in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20637552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637552" title="Altan Khan of the Khalkha">
Altan Khan of the Khalkha

The Altan Khans (lit. Golden Khan) ruled north-western Mongolia from about 1609 to 1691 at the latest. Altan Khan of Khalkha also known as Altan Khan of Khotogoid ruled over the Khotogoids in northwestern Mongolia and belonged to the Left Wing of the Khalkha (Eastern) Mongols. Although they claimed to be Khan, Mongolian chronicles call them Hun Taij, which meant noble rank equal to Prince at that time.
Background.
After the death of Dayan Khan some time after 1517 his empire was split between his descendents and became a kind of family federation. His grandson, a different Altan Khan (1507–1582) of Tumet drove the Oirats west to Kobdo in western Mongolia. Dayan Khaan's youngest son, Gersendze Huangtaizi, was given lands approximately matching the territory of present-day Mongolia. By the early 17th century most of Outer Mongolia was held by his descendents. These formed four Khanates, from west to east:
The Altan Khan was important circa 1609-1682. The Tushetu Khan, with his control of the religious capital, was long the leading figure in Khalkha.
In the 17th century, to the west, the Oirat Zunghar Khanate was gradually consolidated; to the north, the Russians increased their hold over the Siberian forests and, to the east, the Manchus moved south to conquer China (Qing Dynasty).
References.
Rene Grousset, 'The Empire of the Steppes, 1970

</doc>
<doc id="20637600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637600" title="Mai Martinez">
Mai Martinez

Mai Martinez (born December 16, 1973) is an American television news anchor and reporter.
Early life and education.
A native of San Francisco, Martinez earned a bachelor's degree in 1997 from Jacksonville State University in Jacksonville, Alabama. 
Professional career.
Martinez began her broadcasting career as a video editor at WBRC-TV in Birmingham, Alabama, where she worked from 1997 until 2003. In 2000, she co-hosted a morning radio show on WOXR-FM in Oxford, Alabama. In 2003, Martinez became a photographer, general assignment reporter and fill-in anchor at WDSI-TV in Chattanooga, Tennessee. She then rejoined WBRC-TV in April 2004 as a general assignment reporter and fill-in anchor. While there, Martinez developed a higher level of national visibility when she spent eight weeks in Aruba covering the disappearance of Natalee Holloway. 
In May 2006, Martinez was hired by WBBM-TV in Chicago as a general assignment reporter. On September 20, 2007, she was promoted to be a weekend news anchor at the station.
Personal.
Martinez is half Cuban and half Vietnamese. She is single and lives in the Uptown neighborhood on Chicago's North Side.

</doc>
<doc id="20637602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637602" title="Joey Crabb">
Joey Crabb

Joseph Michael Crabb (born April 3, 1983), is an American professional ice hockey winger and is a member of the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He previously played with the Atlanta Thrashers, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Washington Capitals. 
Playing career.
Crabb signed with the Washington Capitals on the first day of free agency, July 1, 2012, for a 1-year $950,000 contract. Previously, Crabb has played for Colorado College of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA), the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League (AHL), and the Toronto Maple Leafs and Atlanta Thrashers (NHL). He scored his first NHL goal on December 10, 2008 in a game against the New York Rangers.
On June 24, 2010, Crabb was traded by the Thrashers to the Chicago Blackhawks as part of a deal that sent the Thrashers' first (24th overall) and second round picks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft as well as Marty Reasoner, Crabb and Jeremy Morin to Chicago in exchange for Dustin Byfuglien, Brent Sopel, Ben Eager and Akim Aliu. However, he signed a contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs on the first day of free agency, July 1, 2010. Crabb started the 2010–11 season with the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League but was frequently called up to the Maple Leafs, playing a total of 48 games that season.
On July 2, 2012, Crabb signed a one-year contract with the Washington Capitals.
During the 2012-13 NHL lockout, Crabb played for the Alaska Aces of the ECHL, and returned to Washington at the end of the lockout.
On March 22, 2013, Crabb was placed on waivers by the Washington Capitals.
The day after being put on waivers by the Washington Capitals, Crabb was assigned to play for the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League.
On July 5, 2013 Crabb signed a two year contract with the Florida Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="20637639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637639" title="Talking animals in fiction">
Talking animals in fiction

Talking creatures are a common theme in mythology and folk tales, as well as children's literature. Fictional talking creatures often are anthropomorphic, possessing human-like qualities but appearing as a creature. The usage of talking creatures enable storytellers to combine the basic characteristics of the creature with human behavior, to apply metaphor, and to entertain children.
There are a number of alleged real-life talking creatures.
Analysis.
The storyteller may use talking creatures for various reasons. It could be intended for a younger audience (such as Richard Scarry's illustrated books), or as a metaphor to show the personality of certain men or groups (Art Spiegelman's "Maus" depicts Jews as mice, the Germans as cats and the Poles as pigs, among others). There may also be other reasons, such as for the sake of satire in "Animal Farm", or artistic purposes.
The usage of talking creatures enable storytellers to combine the basic characteristics of the creature with human behavior: for example in the "Three Little Pigs", the supposed creature rapacity of the wolf is shown through its repeated tricking of the three pigs. Other examples include "Little Red Riding Hood" and the "Bremen Town Musicians".
Fictional talking creatures may be roughly classified into the following categories, depending on the degree to which talk influences their behavior. Of course, many cases may be something in between; the classification below is only a frame of reference.
Talking creatures which are still creatures.
The creature retains its original form without much change, other than being able to speak. An example is the donkey of Balaam in the "Book of Numbers". Sometimes it may only speak as a narration for the reader's convenience. The characters of the webcomic "Faux Pas" are another example of talking creatures. The rabbits in "Watership Down" who, except for the ability to discuss their actions, behave exactly as normal rabbits, also come under this category, as do the penguins from the animated film "Happy Feet" and the characters in the film The Lion King.
Creatures interacting with humans.
The talking creature concept is featured within much traditional literature, such as in Aesop's Fables, and several mythologies, including Greek, Chinese and Indian mythologies. A notable example from the Judaeo-Christian tradition is the talking serpent from the Book of Genesis, which tempts Eve to eat the forbidden fruit of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil; many Christians do not interpret the serpent as a literal snake, but as a metaphor for Satan.
Many fairy tales include apparent talking creatures that prove to be shapeshifted people, or even ghosts. The fairy tales "How Ian Direach got the Blue Falcon" and "Tsarevitch Ivan, the Fire Bird and the Gray Wolf" have the hero aided by a fox and a wolf respectively, but in the similar tale "The Golden Bird", the talking fox is freed from a spell to become the heroine's brother, and in "The Bird 'Grip'", the fox leaves the hero after explaining that it was the dead man whose debts the hero had paid.
Whether shape-shifted or merely having the magical ability to speak, the talking creature is perhaps the most common trait of fairy tales. The motif is certainly present in many more tales than fairies.
Numerous modern science fiction and fantasy stories intermix human and creature characters. In L. Frank Baum's Land of Oz, creatures (such as the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger) talk. The chicken Billina gains the ability to talk when she is swept away by a storm to land near Oz, as do other animals, and Toto, it is explained in a retcon, always had the ability since arriving in Oz, but never used it. In C. S. Lewis's "Chronicles of Narnia", the world of Narnia is ruled by a talking lion by the name of Aslan, and many small characters are talking woodland animals, both of which interact with both the humans of Narnia, and the children who act as the protagonists of the books.
Creatures that portray humans.
Most people in the industries of professional illustration, cartooning, and animation refer to these types of creature characters as talking creatures or funny animals. However, the mainstream news media and members of furry fandom sometimes refer to this variety of talking creatures as furries. The earliest example of talking creatures portraying humans, as opposed to talking creatures portraying creatures, was in Vishnu Sarma's "Panchatantra" ("Fables of Bidpai"), which was set in a world of talking creatures who represent human morals and behavior. A good Western example of the genre is Henryson's "Fabillis". The webcomic "Anima: Age of the Robots" (Anima (webcomic)) uses anthropomorphism to portray an alternate world as modern as ours, but inhabited by creature-lookalikes. The intelligent robots they have made rebel and threaten the creatures. This serves as a warning to mankind's thoughtless pursuit of technological advancement. The graphic novel Seven Years in Dog-Land uses talking dogs from a land of dogs to portray human society's ills and their abuse of the environment.
Simulated humans.
There are numerous series of children's books, such as the "Berenstain Bears" series, where the characters are written and drawn as creatures in order to attract a younger audience. In this scenario the stories may be told with the characters changed to normal humans, and quite possibly the plot will suffer no major alteration. Most of such characters act no different as compared to humans. A good example of this would be Mr. Toad in "The Wind in the Willows", who lives in Toad Hall, and drives a motor car. Other characters in "The Wind in the Willows" are closer to humanised creatures, living in burrows, etc.
Exaggerated humans.
In many fables, each particular creature typically represents a certain human trait, traditionally associated with it. For example, in Western folktales, a fox is supposed to be cunning, a hare is supposed to be a coward (whenever it is brave or smart, this is only with the goal to create a paradox with respect to the common expectation). In these tales, the names of the creatures are simply their capitalized names of species: Mr. Fox, Mr. Hare, etc. Different cultures may associate different traits with the same creatures.
Humanized creatures.
Such creatures fall between the previous two categories, that of a creature which possesses both human and creature characteristics. An example is Peter Rabbit, who dresses in an appropriately sized waistcoat but engages in the very rabbit-like activity of stealing and eating carrots in the farmer's field, then being chased away by the farmer and painfully injuring himself whilst escaping from there.

</doc>
<doc id="20637651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637651" title="Wilhelm Junghans">
Wilhelm Junghans

Wilhelm Junghans (May 3, 1834 – January 27, 1865) was a German historian who was a native of Lüneburg.
He studied under Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl (1806-1876) at the University of Bonn, and with Georg Waitz (1813-1886) at the University of Göttingen. In 1862 he was appointed professor at the University of Kiel, a position he held until his death in 1865 at the age of 30. At Kiel he was also secretary of the Schleswig-Holstein Historical Society.
Junghans is remembered for his 1856 work involving the Merovingian kings- Childeric I and Clovis I, titled "Die Geschichte der fränkischen Könige Childerich und Chlodovech, kritisch untersucht". This book was later translated into French by historian Gabriel Monod (1844-1912) and published as "Histoire critique des règnes de Childerich et de Chlodovech".

</doc>
<doc id="20637665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637665" title="City Lights (Lee Morgan album)">
City Lights (Lee Morgan album)

City Lights is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1957. It was recorded on August 25, 1957 and features performances by Morgan, Curtis Fuller, George Coleman, Ray Bryant, Paul Chambers and Art Taylor.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Trumpeter Lee Morgan (then 19) is in excellent form, holding his own with his impressive sidemen (trombonist Curtis Fuller, George Coleman on tenor and alto, pianist Ray Bryant, bassist Paul Chambers and drummer Art Taylor). Highlights include "City Lights," "You're Mine You" and "Just By Myself." This fine session has been reissued as part of Lee Morgan's four-CD Mosaic box set.".

</doc>
<doc id="20637727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637727" title="Moina belli">
Moina belli

Moina belli is a species of crustaceans within the family Moinidae, described by Robert Gurney in 1904. This species lives in waters containing high salinity and other impurities, such as the Makgadikgadi Pans region of Botswana, where the salinity is extremely high.

</doc>
<doc id="20637729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637729" title="Gentosha">
Gentosha


</doc>
<doc id="20637736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637736" title="Syracuse ISP Sports Network">
Syracuse ISP Sports Network

Syracuse ISP Sports Network is the radio and television name for Syracuse University sports. The radio affiliates broadcast football, as well as men's and women's basketball and men's lacrosse games. Time Warner Cable SportsNet broadcasts the coaches' show and a weekly program entitled "Syracuse Sidelines".[http://www.suathletics.com/sports/gen/2001/television.asp]
All the aforementioned games are broadcast via the ISP Sports radio network.

</doc>
<doc id="20637746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637746" title="Florile Dalbe">
Florile Dalbe

Florile Dalbe was a semimonthly literary magazine published in Bârlad, Romania, by the Academia Bârlădeană". The first issue of the magazine was issued on 1 January 1919 and it appeared regularly until 15 December 1919. In total, 23 numbers were printed.
The editor in chief of the newspaper was George Tutoveanu and the members of the editorial committee were Vasile Voiculescu, Tudor Pamfile and Mihail Lungeanu. Besides the contributions of the editorial committee its main contributors were D. Iov, I. U. Soricu, Nică Romanaş, Nadejda Ştirbey, Ştefan Bălceşti, I. Ojog, Ştefan
Petică, Maria Ionescu, Victor Ion Popa, Corneliu Moldovanu, Emil Gârleanu, D. Nanu, I. Mândru Zoe G. Frasin, I. Pârvulescu, G. Mihail – Vlădescu, C. Medeleanu, Virgil Cârstescu, I. Valerian, Elena Emandi (wife of Theodor Emandi) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20637769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637769" title="Cal State Fullerton Titans football">
Cal State Fullerton Titans football

The CSUF football team represented California State University, Fullerton from the 1970 through 1992 seasons. The Titans originally competed as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association from 1970-1973 before moving to the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (now the Big West) in 1974 where they remained through the 1991 season. The Titans would compete in their final year as an I-A Independent prior to the program being disbanded. Fullerton played its home games at multiple stadiums throughout their history with the most recent being Titan Stadium, in Fullerton, California.
History.
The CSUF Titans football team traces its roots to 1969 when in May, former USC assistant coach Dick Coury was hired as the program's first head coach. The team would win their inaugural game against Cal Poly Pomona by a score of 31–0 on September 19, 1970, and play to a 0–0 tie in their inaugural home game against Cal Lutheran at Anaheim Stadium. Following moderate success in the inaugural 1970 season with a record of 6–4–1, the 1971 season was marked with tragedy when a plane crash on November 13, 1971, resulted in the deaths of three Titan assistant coaches: Joe O'Hara, Dallas Moon and Bill Hannah. Just two weeks following the incident, Fullerton played before their largest ever home crowd of 60,415 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum against the Grambling State University Tigers.
Entering the 1972 season, the Titans would move their home games from Anaheim Stadium to the Santa Ana Bowl, with Pete Yoder starting the season as the program's second all-time head coach. After completing a pair of 7–4 seasons, the Titans would suffer their first losing season following a 4–7 campaign in the 1974 season. It was during this year that Fullerton would make the move from the California Collegiate Athletic Association into the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (now the Big West).
For the 1975 season, Fullerton would hire former Pacific assistant coach Jim Colletto, as the third head coach in program history. During the Colletto era, the Titans would not have a winning season, with the lone bright spot of his tenure coming in 1978 with Obie Graves rushing for 1,789 total yards including 291-yards in a 34–9 upset of Long Beach State. Colletto would resign from his position following the 1979 season with Gene Murphy being announced as the program's fourth all-time head coach on December 16, 1979.
Entering Murphy's first season, the Titans would move their home games to a temporary on-campus stadium, and continue to not see success on the field with losing seasons from the 1980 through the 1982 seasons. For the 1983 season, Fullerton would again move their home games, this time to Cerritos College in addition to making the 1983 California Bowl after winning their first conference championship. The Titans would build upon the successes in finishing the 1984 season again as conference champion with a record of 11–1. Following the season, Murphy was named UPI West Coast Coach of the Year and the Titans would finish in the final top 20 UPI poll. The Titans would never again reach the highs of the 1984 season and would embark on a steady decline through the late 1980s and into the early 1990s.
By the late 1980s, the program was in financial trouble with the Fullerton Academic Senate voting 24–7 to recommend disbanding the program. Although halted by then-university president Milton A. Gordon, on December 7, 1992, Fullerton announced that it would suspend the program effective immediately for a year, with the intention of returning to play at the Division I-AA level for the 1994 season. However the move to I-AA never occurred and Fullerton has been without football since 1992.
By 1995, the notion of resurrecting the program began to take shape. In fall 1995, the Fullerton Students Athletic Advisory Committee asked the student body in an election if they supported Titan football. At that time, 89 percent of respondents voted favorably for the reinstatement of football. The effort to resurrect the program continues to this day, complete with a petition to reinstate the football team.
Although the Titans have not played a game since 1992, Fullerton is still the NCAA record holder in several categories. These records include: both most fumbles and most fumbles lost for a single season with 73 and 41 respectively during the 1992 season; the most kickoff returns per game with an average of 7.3 per game for the 1990 season; the 10th highest number of rushing yards in a single game with 357 by Mike Pringle on November 4, 1989, against New Mexico State; and being part of the fourth highest combined score in a tied game with their 41–41 contest against San Diego State on September 23, 1989.
Head coaches.
In the CFL.
In addition to the players that competed in the NFL, there have been several former Titans that have had significant careers in the Canadian Football League. The three players of note include: Mike Pringle who is the league's all-time leading rusher, Damon Allen, the league's second all-time leading passer and former all-time pro football passing leader with 72,381 passing yards, and Allen Pitts, the league's all-time leading receiver until 2008 when he was surpassed by Milt Stegall.
Amazingly, during the period between 2004 and 2008, the CFL all-time leaders in passing, rushing and receiving yardage were simultaneously former Cal State Fullerton Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="20637788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637788" title="Malevolent Rapture">
Malevolent Rapture

Malevolent Rapture is a 2006 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. It was their first album since the demise their preceding band Occult with the loss of previous lead singer Rachel Heyzer. In common with later albums the lyrics heavily reference the dark side of the occult and apocalyptic themes. The album was created in Stage One Studio and produced by Andy Classen.

</doc>
<doc id="20637849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637849" title="Rostislav Jeřábek">
Rostislav Jeřábek

Rostislav Jeřábek (born 29 March 1962 in Ostrava) is a retired Czech professional footballer who played for several clubs in Europe.
Club career.
Jeřábek spent most of his professional career with FC Vítkovice. He had a spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Adanaspor and Konyaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="20637866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637866" title="Mercedes-Benz M111 engine">
Mercedes-Benz M111 engine

The M111 engine family is a straight-4 automobile engine from Mercedes-Benz, produced from 1992 to 2003. Debuted in the 1992 Mercedes-Benz E-Class (W124), this engine family is relatively oversquare and uses 4 valves per cylinder.
M111.920.
The M111.920 is a 1.8 L (1799 cc) 16 valve engine. It produces 90 kW (122 hp) of power. It has a variant called the M111.921 which has a MAF-sensor instead of MAP-sensor on the first one.
Applications:
M111.940.
The M111.940 is a 2.0 L (1998 cc) 16-valve engine with bore and stroke of 89.9 x 78.7 mm and compression ratio of 9.6:1. It produces 100 kW (136 hp) of power and 190 Nm of torque.
Applications:
Unlike the 102, 103, and early 104 series engines, the engine did not use mechanical injection but the Siemens PEC/PMS (Pressure Engine Control) management system, which integrates fuel and spark management.
It is a speed-density type of system, as mixture formation is dependent on RPM, TPS angle, and manifold pressure (MAP).
Injectors work in pairs (idle, part load), or altogether (full-load).
It uses 2 ignition coils and no ignition distributor. Cylinders are fired in pairs (dual fire) - 1 and 4 together, and 2 and 3 together. The crankshaft position sensor is sensing the movement of two radially opposed position plates on the flywheel, one of which is magnetized, and the other is not. Thus, the engine management has precise information which group of cylinders to fire, and which group of injectors to spray.
M111.942.
Similar to the M111.940 engine, used in the years following. It produces 100 kW (134 hp, 136PS) of power and 190 Nm (140 lb·ft) of torque.
Applications:
M111.943.
The M111.943 is a 2.0 L (1998 cc) 16-valve engine utilizing a supercharger similar to the 2.3L M111.973 engine. It produces 141 kW (192 hp) of power and 270 Nm of torque. This engine was built especially for SLK's exported to Italy, Portugal and Greece for tax reasons. The 'executive cars' tax limit was based in engine's capacity bigger than 2000 cc, so Mercedes in order to hit these markets made a mixture of the M111.940 with the supercharger of M111.973 for high performance at low engine capacity.
Applications:
M111.946.
It produces 100 kW (136 hp) of power.
Applications:
M111.955.
It produces 120 kW (163 hp) of power.
Applications:
M111.957.
This is a 2.0L Kompressor engine utilizing a supercharger similar to the 2.3L M111.974 engine, but with a lower power output of 120 kW (161 hp, 163PS) and torque of 230 Nm (170 lb·ft) @ 2500 rpm.
Applications:
M111.960 / M111.961.
The M111.960 is a 2.2 L (2199 cc) 16-valve engine with bore and stroke of 89.9 x 86.6 mm and compression ratio of 10:1. It produces 110 kW (150 hp) of power and 210 Nm of torque.
Applications:
M111.974.
The M111.974 is a 2.3 L (2295 cc) 16-valve engine with bore and stroke of 90.9 x 88.4 mm and compression ratio of 10.4:1. It produces 110 kW (150 hp) of power and 220 Nm of torque.
Applications:
M111.975.
Similar to the 2.3L M111.974 engine, except the usage of a supercharger, boosting its power output to 142 kW (193 hp).
Applications:
the M111.974 has been also supercharged to 137 KW on Mercedes-Benz W210|E200 Kompressor
M111.973.
Similar to the 2.3L M111.974 engine.
Applications:
M111.984.
Power .
Applications:

</doc>
<doc id="20637881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637881" title="Carl E. Misch">
Carl E. Misch

Carl E. Misch is an American prosthodontist recognized internationally for his clinical and academic contributions to the field of implant dentistry.
Biography.
Misch graduated magna cum laude in 1973 from the University of Detroit Dental School. He received his prosthodontic certificate, implantology certificate and Masters degree from the University of Pittsburgh School of Dental Medicine.
He is a clinical instructor and professor of oral implantology at The Maurice H. Kornberg School of Dentistry at Temple University.
In 1984, he founded the Misch International Implant Institute in Beverly Hills, Michigan.
In 1999, he authored the text, "Contemporary Implant Dentistry", the first and second editions of which are the #1 and #2 best selling dentistry books in the world.
Misch enjoys Jazz music, traveling and collecting dentistry-related antiques.
He also collects walking canes
Inventor.
Misch holds more than 10 patents and is the co-inventor of the BioHorizons Maestro Implant System.
The Misch International Implant Institute.
The Misch International Implant Institute serves as a training center for dentists from around the world seeking to fine tune their skills and learn about the latest techniques. To date, Dr. Misch has trained over 2,000 dentists.
Through a special affiliation arrangement with the institute, first year postgraduate periodontology students at Maurice H. Kornberg School of Dentistry at Temple University attend and participate on a tuition-free basis (the usual cost is approximately $22,000) in six three-day advanced surgical oral implantology courses given in Detroit, Michigan at the Misch Institute under the direction of Carl Misch. In tandem, Misch was appointed as Clinical Professor and Director of Oral Implantology in the Department of Periodontology at the dental school. Drs. Jon Suzuki, director of the periodontal program at Temple Dental School, and Thomas Rams, chairman of the same program, are both on surgical faculty at the institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20637886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637886" title="Ewen Green (chess player)">
Ewen Green (chess player)

Ewen McGowen Green is a freelance chess teacher in Auckland, New Zealand. 
Green attained FIDE Master status in 1992. In 1979-80 he won the New Zealand Chess Championship along with Vernon A. Small and Ortvin Sarapu and has also been an Olympiad player (1970, 1974, 1976).

</doc>
<doc id="20637916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637916" title="Southeastern Military Command">
Southeastern Military Command

The Southeastern Military Command is one of seven Military Commands of the Brazilian Army. The Southeastern Military Command or ""Comando Militar do Sudeste"" (CMSE) is responsible for the defence of the state of São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="20637946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637946" title="JWH-359">
JWH-359

JWH-359 is a dibenzopyran "classical" cannabinoid drug, which is a potent and selective CB2 receptor agonist, with a Ki of 13.0nM and selectivity of around 220x for CB2 over CB1 receptors. It is related to other dibenzopyran CB2 agonists such as JWH-133 and L-759,656 but with a chiral side chain which has made it useful in mapping the shape of the CB2 binding site. It was discovered by, and named after, Dr. John W. Huffman.

</doc>
<doc id="20637977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20637977" title="Heaven's Burning">
Heaven's Burning

"Heaven's Burning" is a 1997 Australian film directed by Craig Lahiff and written by Louis Nowra.
Plot.
Midori Takada (Youki Kudoh) arrives in Sydney with her new husband Yukio (Kenji Isomura). She believes her marriage is a mistake and uses the honeymoon as a means to escape by walking out of their hotel room. She goes to a bank but a robbery takes place.
Colin O'Brien (Russell Crowe) is an experienced getaway driver. He is hired by an Australian-Afghani family who plan to rob a bank. During the robbery one member is killed by being crushed by the banks security screen. They grab a hostage (Midori) and escape.
In some wasteland outside the city they decide to get rid of their hostage. Colin will not stand by and watch her be killed. He shoots one of the brothers and threatens to shoot the other – Mahood (Robert Mammone). Colin and Midori escape. Colin wishes to travel to his father's farm (Ray Barrett as Cam). Midori sees this as her opportunity to continue on her plans to escape and chooses to stay with Colin. Over the course of their trip they form a bond.
Mahood returns home with the news of the death of his brothers. His father Boorjan (Petru Gheorghiu) swears revenge and they set out to track Colin and Midori. The police, watching the family also set out to track down Colin.
Yukio is also told of his wife's involvement but he knows she had walked out. His honor is injured and he also sets out to find her to pay her back.
The film then becomes a road-movie as we see the two soon-to-be-lovers venture across New South Wales followed by the police, Yukio, and the Afghani family all seeking to catch up with them, but for different ends
Reception.
The film earned $55,780 from its limited release in Australian theatres.
The film received mixed reviews. David Stratton from "Variety" gave a favourable review, calling the film "an energetic road movie that keeps careening off in unexpected directions". "Movie-vault.com" gave the film 5 out of 10, commenting that for an 'action/drama' film, the film had little action and did not perform well as a drama. "Time Out's" review stated the film took a while to take off, and had some criticism of the plot and acting, but noted the director "manages to balance the action and human interest".
DVD release.
The film was released on DVD on 7 November 2000. It was presented in 2.35:1 widescreen. Reviewers complained of the amount of grain in the footage, also not impressed by marks and spots on the film. It featured Dolby Stereo 2.0 sound however the sound was criticized for being mixed in too low, and being difficult to understand at times. The DVD did receive praise for the amount of extras it included.

</doc>
<doc id="20638042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638042" title="B.O.D.Y. (manga)">
B.O.D.Y. (manga)

B.O.D.Y. is a shōjo romance and drama manga written and illustrated by Ao Momori. It was serialized in "Bessatsu Margaret" from 2004 until its conclusion in 2008 issue. The individual chapters were collected and published in 15 "bound volumes" by Shueisha, with the first volume released on April 23, 2004 and the final volume released on October 24, 2008.
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media. The manga is also licensed in France by Panini Comics. The series follows the romance that develops between 16-year-old Sakura Ryōko and her crush, Fuji Ryūnosuke, after she learns he works in a host club.
The manga has been well received in Japan, with the individual volumes regularly ranking on the Tohan charts. Reviews have been mixed about the series with commendation was given for the manga's art, while the plot clichés and character development were condemned.
Plot.
Everyone thinks 16-year-old Ryoko has weird taste in guys because she can't stop drooling over Ryu, the strong silent type who sits next to her in class. When she discovers he works for a host club—where women actually pay men to date them—will she finally wise up? Only one thing's for sure in B.O.D.Y.--you can't put a price on love!
Release.
"B.O.D.Y." is written and illustrated by Ao Momori. It was serialized in "Bessatsu Margaret" from 2004 until its conclusion in the November 2008 issue. The individual chapters were collected and published in 15 "bound volumes" volumes by Shueisha, with the first volume released on April 23, 2004 and the final volume released on February 15, 2009.
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media. The manga is also licensed in France by Panini Comics.
Reception.
The tenth volume of "B.O.D.Y." was ranked 4th on the Tohan charts between June 26 and July 16, 2007. The eleventh volume of "B.O.D.Y." was ranked 8th on the Tohan charts between October 30 and November 5, 2007. 
The twelfth volume of "B.O.D.Y." was ranked 7th on the Tohan charts between February 26 and March 3, 2008. The thirteenth volume of "B.O.D.Y." was ranked 9th on the Tohan charts between 24th and 30 June 2008 and 10th on the Tohan charts between the 1st and 7 July 2008. The fourteenth volume of "B.O.D.Y." ranked 9th on the Tohan charts between October 28 and November 3.
About.com's Deb Aoki criticised the series for using "numerous plot clichés". Manga Life's Ysabet Reinhardt MacFarlane commends the second volume of the manga for its "attractive" artwork. A review of the third volume by MacFarlane comments that she is frustrated that "how often things revolve around misunderstandings that could be cleared up in about two minutes if the characters really sat and talked, or made a real attempt to figure how the other person might be feeling, but that's hardly unique to this series, or even to this genre (shōjo manga)." MacFarlane criticizes the fifth volume for being "one endless round of "oh, I can't possibly tell him the truth because OMG he'll hate me forever, so instead I'll complicate our lives immeasurably!" MacFarlane is "shocked and pleased" at Ryoko who hasn't "told a single lie in sixth volume". She also commends the sixth volume where "Ryoko and Ryunosuke's relationship doesn't face a single major crisis." IGN's A.E. Sparrow criticises the manga for its artwork and making the characters look "more like Barbie and Ken dolls than actual characters". Mania.com's Erin Jones criticizes the manga's female protagonist for being "naive and stupid. In a later review, Jones criticizes the manga for it's "predictable story and unremarkable art".
Jason Thompson's online appendix to commends the manga, saying "Good pacing and believable writing elevate "B.O.D.Y." above a conventional high-school shōjo manga premise; the story is played straight but never gets too dark, the characters are likeable, and the manga has many small surprises." Katherine Dacey from Pop Culture Shock criticizes manga artist Mimori for forgetting to "develop her characters into something more than stereotypes" stating "She also seems to forget about Ryunosuke’s rather unsavory after school job—it’s as if she began writing a juicy blackmail story and then suffered complete amnesia mid-script." Jennifer Dunbar from Pop Culture Shock criticizes the manga for its character design which "all look the same". Erin Finnegan from Pop Culture Shock comments on the overall story of the manga with "teenagers in hosts clubs to be unrealistic, but what’s frightening about this volume is the inspired-by-real-life lectures the kids are given by the manager when they try to quit." A later review from Finnegan states that the manga is a guilty pleasure stating "it’s so terrible, but I’m compelled to read it because I’m fascinated by what crap the author will come up with next (it’s like trying a new crappy Pringles flavor—gross, yet fascinating)." Active Anime's Rachel Bentham commends the female protagonist, stating "switches her moods on a dime faster than a roller coaster! She is so funny! Her mood changes are like watching a game of ping pong!" Leroy Douresseaux from Comic Book Bin compares the manga to "Sand Chronicles" stating "the laughter, the tears, the fear, the squabbles, the arguments, etc.; it all feels real." In a review of the third volume, Douresseaux commends the manga's "clever character drama that focuses less on sex and more on the minefield that is romantic and interpersonal relationships." Douresseaux's review of the sixth volume commends the manga artist's "beautiful art" stating "is perfect for [the sixth volume's emphasis on love's labor won – the stubborn pursuit of someone playing hard to get." Douresseaux's review of the ninth volume further commends the art stating "Mimori has a knack for drawing faces; she emphasizes large, expressive eyes and hair that falls across those pretty faces in sexy strands or like drapery. Drawn at interesting angles, this is the perfect visual language for telling comic book stories of teen love." Lori Henderson from Comics Village heavily pans the manga stating "it's needlessly melodramatic, the characters are not interesting, and the situations are cliche."

</doc>
<doc id="20638079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638079" title="Somerset, Virginia">
Somerset, Virginia

Somerset is an unincorporated community in Orange County, Virginia, United States. It is located at 38°12'27N 78°13'6W with an altitude of 121 metres (400 feet).
Frascati and Tetley are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Somerset has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="20638100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638100" title="Aphelenchoides">
Aphelenchoides

Aphelenchoides is a genus of plant pathogenic foliar nematodes.
The most important species of these are "Aphelenchoides ritzemabosi", the chrysanthemum foliar nematode; "Aphelenchoides fragariae", the spring crimp or spring dwarf nematode of strawberry, which also attacks many ornamentals; and "Aphelenchoides besseyi", causing summer crimp or dwarf of strawberry and white tip of rice.
Several species of this genus feed ectoparasitically and endoparasitically on aboveground plant parts.

</doc>
<doc id="20638111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638111" title="Justice Davis">
Justice Davis

Justice Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20638112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638112" title="Donny George Youkhanna">
Donny George Youkhanna

Donny George Youkhanna (Arabic: , ) (October 23, 1950 – March 11, 2011) was an Iraqi Assyrian archaeologist, anthropologist, author, curator, and scholar, and a visiting professor at Stony Brook University in New York, internationally known as ""the man who saved the Iraqi National Museum.""
Biography.
Youkhanna was born in Habbaniyah, Iraq in 1950 to Assyrian parents from northern Iraq. He moved with his family to Baghdad during his childhood, where he gained his education. He gained a BA, MA, and PhD in prehistoric archaeology at the University of Baghdad. He was fluent in Aramaic, Arabic, and English.
Youkhanna was the Director General of Iraq’s National Museum, Chairman of the State Board of Antiquities and Heritage and the President of the Iraq State Board of Antiquities and Heritage. He conducted excavations in the Bekhme Dam area, Nineveh, and Tell Umm al-Aqarib as well as working on many restoration projects in Babylon, Nimrud, Nineveh, Ur and Baghdad. He authored two books on the structural design and stone industries of Tell es Sawwan, and gave several presentations on the current museum conditions and historical archaeological sites of Iraq.
Dr. George, who dropped his last name for professional purposes, was instrumental in recovering over half of the 15,000 Mesopotamian artifacts looted from the National Museum in Baghdad during the invasion. A majority of the artefacts date back to 6,000 years from the ancient empires of Assyria and Babylonia. He fought his way through to the Iraq National Museum in the days after the American-led invasion of Iraq and tried to stop the looters ransacking it but was unable to persuade American soldiers to protect it because they had been given no orders to do so.
He became the international face of the plight of ancient sites and artefacts in Iraq, many of which were stolen or destroyed during the invasion. In December 2008, Youkhanna was decisive in preventing the sale of royal Neo-Assyrian earrings from the world famous Nimrud treasures at Christie's art auction in New York.
Due to threats from unknown militia groups during the US occupation of Iraq, Youkhanna was forced to flee Iraq with his family to the United States in 2006. Later that year he was appointed as visiting professor at Stony Brook University in New York.
He died on 11 March 2011 as a result of a heart attack while he was travelling via Toronto Pearson International Airport, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was 60.

</doc>
<doc id="20638143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638143" title="Christopher McKee (historian)">
Christopher McKee (historian)

Christopher McKee (born in Brooklyn, New York on 14 June 1935) is an American naval historian, librarian, and educator.
Early life and education.
Mckee graduated from the University of St. Thomas in Houston in 1957 and completed his Master of Library Science degree at the University of Michigan in 1960.
Professional career.
McKee has worked at various institutions of higher learning as a librarian, historian, and educator. These institutions include Washington and Lee University (1958-1962), Southern Illinois University, Edwardsville (1962-1972), and Grinnell College (1972-2006). McKee also held the Secretary of the Navy Research Chair in Naval History at the Naval Historical Center (1990-1991) and was a NEH fellow at the Newberry Library (1978-79).
Awards.
McKee has been recognized nationally for his contributions to the study of naval history. Awards include the U.S. Naval History prize (1985) of the John Lyman Book awards of the North American Society for Oceanic History, and the Samuel Eliot Morison award of the USS Constitution Museum (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="20638166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638166" title="Vahid Motevalli">
Vahid Motevalli

Vahid Motevelli is professor of mechanical engineering technology. He is the current Head of MET at Purdue University.
Biography.
In August 2008, Dr. Motevalli accepted to serve as Professor of Engineering and Associate Provost for Graduate Studies and Research of the Dubai Aerospace Enterprise University after having served during 2007–08 academic year in that position in a Consulting role. Upon closure of DAEU, he is currently on a leave for educational purposes from the George Washington University where he has been director of the Aviation Institute since 2004, co-Director of the Institute (2002–04) and Director of the Aviation Safety and Security Certificate Program since 1998.
He has more than 20 years of teaching, research and administrative experience in academic, government and industry with diverse experience in combustion, fire safety, aviation safety and security and transportation safety. His professional experience outside the academia includes working at National and government laboratories (NIST, NRL), government (US Congress as ASME Congressional Fellow) and consulting. Most recently, he directed the International Aviation Safety and Security Summit program (2001–2005), which developed a leadership program for ministers and Directors General of civil aviation for more than 100 countries of the world. This program was funded by FAA and supported by the DOT Secretary's office. The program focus was on providing executive level training and technical information and assistance to ministerial level officials, Director Generals of civil aviation and other foreign government officials on oversight responsibilities and requirements in aviation safety and security based on the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Standards and Recommended Practices. As Project Director, Dr. Motevalli worked with US and Foreign government officials, Department of State, TSA and aviation industry.
Several years of directing the aviation safety and security program has enabled him to study a number of issues in aviation safety and security both in the US and abroad. His broad knowledge of the issues in aviation particularly relates to cabin safety, uncontained engine failures, government oversight issues, aviation security challenges and emerging threats. He also worked closely with the Gore Commission (President's Commission on Aviation Safety and Security in 21st Century) staff in 1996–97. He has published papers on the various aspects of aviation safety and security.
Dr. Motevalli has participated in a number of consulting projects related to aviation including Business Process Re-Engineering for the Ethiopian Enterprise, development of civil aviation laws and regulations for Afghanistan, advising Department of Homeland Security on aviation security issues, international aviation security training quality assurance and a number of other projects in aviation, transportation and fire safety.
Prior to his position at GW, Prof. Motevalli was a tenured faculty of Mechanical Engineering Department at the Worcester Polytechnic Institute in 1994. His research has included aircraft evacuation, injury evaluation, emerging aviation safety and security issues, Finite Element modeling of aircraft engine containment simulation, aircraft cabin safety, aircraft finite element modeling, aviation safety oversight standards, hybrid-electric vehicle research with emphasis on safety of fuel cell, fuel reformers, alternative fuel use and evaluation of airbag models. He has over 100 technical publications in addition to reports, presentations and invited talks and has directed over 35 graduate students and a large number of undergraduate students in a variety of topic areas. Dr. Motevalli has conducted sponsored research and training programs exceeding $13 million since 1988.
He was appointed Department Head of MET at Purdue University in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20638173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638173" title="USCGC Rockaway (WAVP-377)">
USCGC Rockaway (WAVP-377)

USCGC "Rockaway" (WAVP-377), later WAGO-377, WHEC-377, and WOLE-377, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard cutter in service from 1949 to 1972.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Rockaway" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Rockaway" (AVP-29). She was laid down on 30 June 1941 by Associated Shipbuilders, Inc. at Seattle, Washington, launched on 14 February 1942, and commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 6 January 1943. She operated primarily in the Atlantic Ocean during World War II. She began conversion to a press information ship, redesignated AG-123, in July 1945 in anticipation of the invasion of Japan scheduled for 1945-1946, but this was cancelled and she was converted back into a seaplane tender when the war ended without the invasion being necessary. She was decommissioned on 21 March 1946 and placed in reserve in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet at Orange, Texas.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
"Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search and rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
The U.S. Navy loaned "Rockaway" to the Coast Guard on 24 December 1948. After undergoing conversion for use as a weather-reporting ship, she was commissioned into the Coast Guard service as USCGC "Rockaway" (WAVP-377) on 10 January 1949.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
"Rockaway" was stationed at Staten Island in New York City, which remained her home port throughout her Coast Guard career. Her primary duty was to serve on ocean stations in the Atlantic Ocean to gather meteorological data. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-mile (544-square-kilometer) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress, and engaged in law enforcement operations.
In September 1958, "Rockaway" salvaged a U.S. Navy seaplane from Bermuda. In December 1964, she rescued four people from the merchant ship "Smith Voyager".
"Rockaway" was reclassified as an "oceanographic ship" and redesignated as WAGO-377 in 1965. She took part in a United States Coast Guard Academy cadet cruise in August 1965.
On 24 February 1966, "Rockaway" stood by the British merchant ship "Parthia" until a commercial tug arrived to assist "Parthia". 
On 1 May 1966, "Rockaway" again was reclassified, this time as a high endurance cutter, and was redesignated WHEC-377. On 26 September 1966 her period on loan to the Coast Guard ended when she was stricken from the Navy List and transferred permanently to the Coast Guard.
From 20 January 1967 to 30 March 1967, "Rockaway" conducted an "Eastern Tropical Pacific Cruise" in the Pacific off Mexico, where she undertook an oceanographic survey. From November 1967 through January 1968, she conducted an oceanographic survey off Norfolk, Virginia. She was involved in more oceanographic surveys over the Mid-Atlantic Shelf from 6 May 1968 to 12 May 1968 and again from 11 July 1968 to 18 July 1968.
From 14 January 1969 to 19 January 1969, she conducted a survival craft drift project east of the Chesapeake Bay. In August 1969, she conducted extensive oceanographic work associated with the Barbados Oceanographic and Meteorological Experiment. She then conducted more oceanographic surveys from Nova Scotia, Canada, to Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, from 20 October 1969 to 23 November 1969, over the Mid-Atlantic Outer Continental Margin from 30 March 1970 to 5 April 1970, from Nova Scotia to Cape Hatteras between 19 May 1970 and 14 June 1970, and near the Grand Banks of Newfoundland between 6 October 1970 and 21 October 1970. In November 1970, she surveyed a nerve-gas dump site.
"Rockaway" conducted a fisheries research cruise from Nova Scotia to Cape Hatteras between 2 March 1971 and 3 April 1971. Another research cruise took her back to the Grand Banks of Newfoundland in May 1971. From 15 July 1971 to 18 September 1971, she studied the influence of Mediterranean effluent upon the Atlantic Ocean. 
On 23 September 1971, "Rockaway" was once again reclassified, this time as an off-shore law enforcement vessel, and was redesignated WOLE-377. Her main mission was to track the locations of the Russian and Japanese fishing fleets that were at that time depleting the fishing areas off the North Atlantic coast. As a buy product of this mission the "Rock" also conducted search and rescue missions that got it the nickname of "lobster Patrol".
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Rockaway" was decommissioned on 29 January 1972 She was sold for scrapping in October 1970 to BV Intershift of Rotterdam, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20638201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638201" title="Slađan Ašanin">
Slađan Ašanin

Slađan Ašanin (born 13 August 1971 in Zagreb) is a retired Croatian professional footballer who played for several clubs in Europe.
Club career.
Ašanin began his professional career with Inter Zaprešić. He spent two seasons with SK Slavia Praha in the Czech Gambrinus liga. In 1997 he won the Personality of the League award at the Czech Footballer of the Year awards. In 1998, he transferred to Borussia Mönchengladbach where he appeared in 150 Bundesliga matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20638282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638282" title="Frank Thomas Stanfield">
Frank Thomas Stanfield

Frank Thomas Stanfield (25 February 1903 – 2 July 1967) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons for the Colchester—Hants riding in Nova Scotia between 1945 and 1953. Stanfield was born in Truro, Nova Scotia and served two terms for the Progressive Conservative party in the 20th and 21st Canadian Parliaments. His career background was in industry.
The son of Frank Stanfield and S. Emma Thomas, and brother of Robert Stanfield, he was educated in Truro and at McGill University. In 1932, he married Elizabeth Matheson. Stanfield served as president of Stanfield's Limited. He was also a director for Sobeys. He died in Truro at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20638314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638314" title="Charter 08">
Charter 08

Charter 08 is a manifesto initially signed by over 350 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists. It was published on 10 December 2008, the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopting name and style from the anti-Soviet Charter 77 issued by dissidents in Czechoslovakia. Since its release, more than 10,000 people inside and outside of China have signed the charter.
One of the authors of Charter '08, Liu Xiaobo, was awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize.
Demands.
Many of the original signatories were prominent citizens inside and outside the government, including lawyers; a Tibetan poet and essayist, Woeser; and Bao Tong, a former senior Communist Party official, who all faced a risk of arrest and jail. The Charter calls for 19 changes including an independent legal system, freedom of association and the elimination of one-party rule. "All kinds of social conflicts have constantly accumulated and feelings of discontent have risen consistently," it reads. "The current system has become backward to the point that change cannot be avoided." China remains the only large world power to still retain an authoritarian system that so infringes on human rights, it states. "This situation must change! Political democratic reforms cannot be delayed any longer!"
Specific demands are:
The opening paragraph of the charter states:
Response.
China.
The Chinese government has said little publicly about the Charter. On 8 December 2008, two days before the 60th anniversary of the United Nations General Assembly's adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Liu Xiaobo was detained by police, hours before the online release of the Charter. He was detained and later arrested on 23 June 2009, on charges of "suspicion of inciting the subversion of state power." Several Nobel Laureates have written a letter to President Hu Jintao asking for his release; in response, the Chinese government has suppressed them: at least 70 of its 303 original signatories have been summoned or interrogated by police while domestic media have been forbidden to interview anyone who has signed the document. Police have also searched for or questioned a journalist, Li Datong, and two lawyers, though none have been arrested. State media has been banned from reporting on the manifesto. A blogging website popular with activists, bullog.cn, which may have had ties to the Charter, has been shut down.
On 25 December 2009 Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to 11 years in prison for "inciting subversion of state power" activities by the court. On 8 October 2010 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize "for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China".
Outside of China.
A number of governments, including those of the United States and Germany, as well as the opposition in Taiwan, have condemned the harassment of supporters of Charter 08 as well as hailing the Charter. International press has generally covered the Charter positively, and international NGOs have supported its message. Other international figures, including the Dalai Lama, have also voiced their support and admiration of the Charter. There were also protests in Hong Kong demanding the release of Liu Xiaobo and other signatories.

</doc>
<doc id="20638339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638339" title="Dave Carlin">
Dave Carlin

Dave Carlin is Chairman of the College of DuPage Board of Trustees, former Republican candidate for State Representative in Illinois' 48th district, former Illinois Republican Party Deputy Executive Director, and former Executive Director of the DuPage Republican Party. He is currently the District Director for Congressman Joe Walsh of the 8th Congressional District. He is also the President of DC Consulting, a local political consulting Firm.
2008 Illinois House candidacy.
In his 2008 House race, Carlin squared off against Michael Connelly, a DuPage County Board member and Doug Krause, a 19 year Naperville, Illinois city council member.
2012 Illinois House candidacy.
David Carlin filed for candidacy in the newly drawn 42nd House District for the 2012 Republican primary.
Personal life.
Currently, Carlin resides in Naperville and serves as a Republican Precinct Committeeman in Lisle Township, Illinois. He is married and with his wife has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20638348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638348" title="List of Episodes stagings">
List of Episodes stagings

This is a chronological list of stagings of Episodes to the music of Anton von Webern, a ballet initially conceived by George Balanchine and choreographed by Balanchine and Martha Graham as a double bill, Graham's contribution, "Episodes I", has been rarely performed since 1960. This list does "not" include stagings subsequent to the premiere Graham's portion but only those of Balanchine's contribution to the piece, "Episodes II".

</doc>
<doc id="20638352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638352" title="Graiul Nostru">
Graiul Nostru

Graiul Nostru was a monthly literary magazine published in Bârlad, Romania by the Academia Bârlădeană". 
History.
The first issue of the magazine was issued on April 1, 1925 and it appeared for three years, the last number being of July-December 1927.
The editor in chief of the newspaper was George Tutoveanu who also wrote the editorials of each issue. Other important contributors were George Pallady, Sylvia Pan (Natalia Paşa), Virgil Duiculescu, George Ponetti (for a time also editorial secretary), Zoe G. Frasin, G.M. Vlădescu, Toma Chiricuţă, Ion Palodă (Isac Veinfeld), Victor Ion Popa, Constantin Găvan, Grigore Veja, Traian Condoiu, D. Nanu, I. Valerian, Ciprian Doicescu, Constantin Crişan, Iuliu and Virgil Niţulescu, Gheorghe Taşcă, Pamfil Şeicaru, Tudor Pamfile, C.Z. Buzdugan, Vasile Voiculescu, Aron Cotruş, George Bacovia, George Nedelea, Vasile Damaschin, Mircea Pavelescu, Ştefan Cosma, G.G. Ursu and Gheorghe Ioniţă. 

</doc>
<doc id="20638353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638353" title="Krishna Nagar">
Krishna Nagar

Krishna Nagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20638373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638373" title="Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications">
Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications

Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of biochemistry and biophysics. Founded in 1959, the journal is published weekly by Elsevier under the Academic Press imprint. As of 2008, the Editor-in-Chief is William J. Lennarz (State University of New York at Stony Brook, New York, USA).
All issues are available online via ScienceDirect as PDFs; access is by subscription only. 
The journal's 2012 impact factor was 2.406.
Indexing.
"Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications" is indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="20638378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638378" title="Windsor Park, Winnipeg">
Windsor Park, Winnipeg

Windsor Park is a neighborhood within the St. Boniface area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It is bordered by Marion St on the north, Archibald Ave on the West, Lagimodiere Blvd on the East, and Fermor ave on the south. It is a neighborhood largely of 50's and 60's era bungalows. Its main thoroughfares include Autumnwood, Drake, Cottonwood and Maginot. It is served by the Louis Riel School Division. Recreation facilities include the nearby Windsor Park Golf Course which straddles the Seine River (Manitoba). Amenities in Windor Park include Convenience Stores (Mac's, 7 eleven), full service gas station (Esso), Grocery (IGA), and Medical Clinics.

</doc>
<doc id="20638398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638398" title="Sustainability measurement">
Sustainability measurement

Sustainability measurement is a term that denotes the measurements used as the quantitative basis for the informed management of sustainability. The metrics used for the measurement of sustainability (involving the sustainability of environmental, social and economic domains, both individually and in various combinations) are still evolving: they include indicators, benchmarks, audits, indexes and accounting, as well as assessment, appraisal and other reporting systems. They are applied over a wide range of spatial and temporal scales.
Some of the best known and most widely used sustainability measures include corporate sustainability reporting, Triple Bottom Line accounting, and estimates of the quality of sustainability governance for individual countries using the Environmental Sustainability Index and Environmental Performance Index. An alternative approach, used by the United Nations Global Compact Cities Programme and explicitly critical of the triple-bottom-line approach is Circles of Sustainability.
Sustainability indicators and their function.
The principal objective of sustainability indicators is to inform public policy-making as part of the process of sustainability governance.
Sustainability indicators can provide information on any aspect of the interplay between the environment and socio-economic activities. Building strategic indicator sets generally deals with just a few simple questions: what is happening? (descriptive indicators), does it matter and are we reaching targets? (performance indicators), are we improving? (efficiency indicators), are measures working? (policy effectiveness indicators), and are we generally better off? (total welfare indicators). One popular general framework used by The European Environment Agency uses a slight modification of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development DPSIR system. This breaks up environmental impact into five stages. Social and economic developments (consumption and production) "(D)rive" or initiate environmental "(P)ressures" which, in turn, produces a change in the "(S)tate" of the environment which leads to "(I)mpacts" of various kinds. Societal "(R)esponses" (policy guided by sustainability indicators) can be introduced at any stage of this sequence of events.
Metrics at the global scale.
United Nations Indicators.
The United Nations has developed extensive sustainability measurement tools in relation to sustainable development as well as a System of Integrated Environmental and Economic Accounting.
Benchmarks, indicators, indexes, auditing etc..
In the last couple of decades there has arisen a crowded toolbox of quantitative methods used to assess sustainability — including measures of resource use like life cycle assessment, measures of consumption like the ecological footprint and measurements of quality of environmental governance like the Environmental Performance Index. The following is a list of quantitative "tools" used by sustainability scientists - the different categories are for convenience only as defining criteria will intergrade. It would be too difficult to list all those methods available at different levels of organisation so those listed here are at for the global level only.
Resource metrics.
Part of this process can relate to resource use such as energy accounting or to economic metrics or price system values as compared to non-market economics potential, for understanding resource use.
An important task for resource theory (energy economics) is to develop methods to optimize resource conversion processes. These systems are described and analyzed by means of the methods of mathematics and the natural sciences. Human factors, however, have dominated the development of our perspective of the relationship between nature and society since at least the Industrial Revolution, and in particular have influenced how we describe and measure the economic impacts of changes in resource quality. A balanced view of these issues requires an understanding of the physical framework in which all human ideas, institutions, and aspirations must operate.
Energy return on energy investment.
When oil production first began in the mid-nineteenth century, the largest oil fields recovered fifty barrels of oil for every barrel used in the extraction, transportation and refining. This ratio is often referred to as the Energy Return on Energy Investment (EROI or EROEI). Currently, between one and five barrels of oil are recovered for each barrel-equivalent of energy used in the recovery process. As the EROEI drops to one, or equivalently the Net energy gain falls to zero, the oil production is no longer a net energy source. This happens long before the resource is physically exhausted.
Note that it is important to understand the distinction between a barrel of oil, which is a measure of oil, and a barrel of oil equivalent (BOE), which is a measure of energy. Many sources of energy, such as fission, solar, wind, and coal, are not subject to the same near-term supply restrictions that oil is. Accordingly, even an oil source with an EROEI of 0.5 can be usefully exploited if the energy required to produce that oil comes from a cheap and plentiful energy source. Availability of cheap, but hard to transport, natural gas in some oil fields has led to using natural gas to fuel enhanced oil recovery. Similarly, natural gas in huge amounts is used to power most Athabasca Tar Sands plants. Cheap natural gas has also led to Ethanol fuel produced with a net EROEI of less than 1, although figures in this area are controversial because methods to measure EROEI are in debate.
Growth-based economic models.
Insofar as economic growth is driven by oil consumption growth, post-peak societies must adapt. M. King Hubbert believed:
Some economists describe the problem as uneconomic growth or a false economy. At the political right, Fred Ikle has warned about "conservatives addicted to the Utopia of Perpetual Growth". Brief oil interruptions in 1973 and 1979 markedly slowed - but did not stop - the growth of world GDP.
Between 1950 and 1984, as the Green Revolution transformed agriculture around the globe, world grain production increased by 250%. The energy for the Green Revolution was provided by fossil fuels in the form of fertilizers (natural gas), pesticides (oil), and hydrocarbon fueled irrigation.
David Pimentel, professor of ecology and agriculture at Cornell University, and Mario Giampietro, senior researcher at the National Research Institute on Food and Nutrition (INRAN), place in their study "Food, Land, Population and the U.S. Economy" the maximum U.S. population for a sustainable economy at 200 million. To achieve a sustainable economy world population will have to be reduced by two-thirds, says the study. Without population reduction, this study predicts an agricultural crisis beginning in 2020, becoming critical c. 2050. The peaking of global oil along with the decline in regional natural gas production may precipitate this agricultural crisis sooner than generally expected. Dale Allen Pfeiffer claims that coming decades could see spiraling food prices without relief and massive starvation on a global level such as never experienced before.
Hubbert peaks.
Although Hubbert peak theory receives most attention in relation to peak oil production, it has also been applied to other natural resources.
Natural gas.
Doug Reynolds predicted in 2005 that the North American peak would occur in 2007. Bentley (p. 189) predicted a world "decline in conventional gas production from about 2020".
Coal.
Peak coal is significantly further out than peak oil, but we can observe the example of anthracite in the USA, a high grade coal whose production peaked in the 1920s. Anthracite was studied by Hubbert, and matches a curve closely. Pennsylvania's coal production also matches Hubbert's curve closely, but this does not mean that coal in Pennsylvania is exhausted—far from it. If production in Pennsylvania returned at its all time high, there are reserves for 190 years. Hubbert had recoverable coal reserves worldwide at 2500 × 109 metric tons and peaking around 2150(depending on usage).
More recent estimates suggest an earlier peak. "Coal: Resources and Future Production" (PDF 630KB ), published on April 5, 2007 by the Energy Watch Group (EWG), which reports to the German Parliament, found that global coal production could peak in as few as 15 years. Reporting on this Richard Heinberg also notes that the date of peak annual energetic extraction from coal will likely come earlier than the date of peak in quantity of coal (tons per year) extracted as the most energy-dense types of coal have been mined most extensively. A second study,
"The Future of Coal" by B. Kavalov and S. D. Peteves of the Institute for Energy (IFE), prepared for European Commission Joint Research Centre, reaches similar conclusions and states that
""coal might not be so abundant, widely available and reliable as an energy source in the future".
Work by David Rutledge of Caltech predicts that the total of world coal production will amount to only about 450 gigatonnes. This
implies that coal is running out faster than usually assumed.
Finally, insofar as global peak oil and peak in natural gas are expected anywhere from imminently to within decades at most, any increase in coal production (mining) per annum to compensate for declines in oil or NG production, would necessarily translate to an earlier date of peak as compared with peak coal under a scenario in which annual production remains constant.
Fissionable materials.
In a paper in 1956, after a review of US fissionable reserves, Hubbert notes of nuclear power:
Technologies such as the thorium fuel cycle, reprocessing and fast breeders can, in theory, considerably extend the life of uranium reserves. Roscoe Bartlett claims 
Caltech physics professor David Goodstein has stated that
Metals.
Hubbert applied his theory to "rock containing an abnormally high concentration of a given metal" and reasoned that the peak production for metals such as copper, tin, lead, zinc and others would occur in the time frame of decades and iron in the time frame of two centuries like coal. The price of copper rose 500% between 2003 and 2007 was by some attributed to peak copper. Copper prices later fell, along with many other commodities and stock prices, as demand shrank from fear of a global recession. Lithium availability is a concern for a fleet of Li-ion battery using cars but a paper published in 1996 estimated that world reserves are adequate for at least 50 years. A similar prediction for platinum use in fuel cells notes that the metal could be easily recycled.
Phosphorus.
Phosphorus supplies are essential to farming and depletion of reserves is estimated at somewhere from 60 to 130 years. Individual countries supplies vary widely; without a recycling initiative America's supply is estimated around 30 years. Phosphorus supplies affect total agricultural output which in turn limits alternative fuels such as biodiesel and ethanol.
Peak water.
Hubbert's original analysis did not apply to renewable resources. However over-exploitation often results in a Hubbert peak nonetheless. A modified Hubbert curve applies to any resource that can be harvested faster than it can be replaced.
For example, a reserve such as the Ogallala Aquifer can be mined at a rate that far exceeds replenishment. This turns much of the world's underground water and lakes into finite resources with peak usage debates similar to oil. These debates usually center around agriculture and suburban water usage but generation of electricity from nuclear energy or coal and tar sands mining mentioned above is also water resource intensive. The term fossil water is sometimes used to describe aquifers whose water is not being recharged.

</doc>
<doc id="20638403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638403" title="FatKat (investment software)">
FatKat (investment software)

FatKat, Inc. is a privately held company founded in 1999 by Raymond C. Kurzweil, an author, inventor, and futurist. He’s perhaps best known for creating an optical character recognition system that – in conjunction with a flatbed scanner and text-to-speech synthesizer – reads text aloud to the sight-impaired. FatKat is an acronym derived from “Financial Accelerating Transactions from Kurzweil Adaptive Technologies.” The aforesaid company is one of a total of nine Kurzweil companies.
The purpose of FatKat as listed with the Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth Corporations Division is “investment software.” Kurzweil, who specializes in artificial intelligence coupled with pattern recognition, has created software that uses quantitative methods to pick stocks for investment purposes.
Although selecting stocks based on software-generated recommendations is not new, FatKat’s approach was unique at the time because of its “nonlinear decision making processes more akin to how a brain operates.” In layman's terms, the software can evolve by creating different rules, letting them compete, and using (or combining) the best outcomes. After FatKat’s inception, other investment and/or software companies rushed to develop software based on this and similar Darwinist evolutionary principles, using genetic algorithms.
In 2005, Kurzweil reported that the FatKat software was “doing very well – 50% to 100% returns for the last two years.” But as of December 2008, FatKat does not offer its software for sale.
Corporate structure.
FatKat was registered as a foreign corporation in 1999 with the Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth, Corporations Division. It was originally formed as a company in the state of Delaware. Ray Kurzweil is the president of FatKat, with Aaron Kleiner serving as treasurer and secretary. Michael Brown is listed as a director.
Related hedge funds.
Two hedge funds exist that use the FatKat name: FatKat Investment Fund, LP and FatKat QP Investment Fund, LP. Both of these investment fund companies list Kurzweil Capital Partners LLC as a general partner. These companies were formed in December 2005, also in Delaware. Neither of the hedge funds is publicly traded. Kurzweil Capital Partners LLC and the two hedge funds are not listed on the Kurzweil companies' web site.
Investors.
Documented investors in FatKat, Inc. and its hedge funds are venture capitalist Vinod Khosla and Michael W. Brown (former CFO of Microsoft and chairman of NASDAQ). Other investors have not been disclosed.
See also.
Kurzweil Technologies (with links to related companies)

</doc>
<doc id="20638422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638422" title="Alfred Andrews">
Alfred Andrews

Alfred Joseph Andrews (24 April 1865 – 31 January 1950) was a Canadian politician serving as an alderman and the 17th Mayor of Winnipeg.
Andrews was a lawyer who moved to Winnipeg in 1880. He became a Winnipeg alderman in 1884 and served in that role until his election as Mayor for 1898 and 1899. He was the founding member of the Citizens' Committee of 1000.
The City of Winnipeg named Andrews Street in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20638439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638439" title="Paige Hareb">
Paige Hareb

Paige Frances Hareb (born 6 June 1990) is a professional surfer from Oakura Beach, New Zealand. In December 2008 she became the first New Zealand woman to qualify for the ASP Women's World Tour.
She debuted on the ASP World Tour in December 2008 at the Billabong Pro in Hawaii where she won her second round heat, beating world no.2 Peru's Sofia Mulanovich. In the third round she was beaten by World Champion Stephanie Gilmore.
In her rookie year of the 2009 World Tour she reached the semi-finals of the Roxy Pro in Coolangatta, Australia before being beaten by eventual winner, Gilmore.
Hareb was 2009 Taranaki Sportsperson of the Year.
Hareb placed 3rd in the April 2012 Dow Agro Sciences Pro Tournament, in New Plymouth 

</doc>
<doc id="20638463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638463" title="Kainourgia Ego">
Kainourgia Ego

Kainourgia Ego (Greek: "Καινούργια Εγώ"; English: "A new me") is the sixteenth studio album by Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released on December 22, 2008 by Sony BMG Greece and also is her first studio album since the 2006 release of "Pos Allazei O Kairos". The album was supposed to be re-released with additional tracks, however, Garbi decided to release another full studio album instead.
Background.
In mid-2008, it was announced that Katy Garbi was in the studio recording songs for a summer CD single and it would be a precursor to an album to be released in the fall. She stated that she would be returning to the pop music of her past and that the writer of all songs would be Pegasos. By October, everything had changed with no CD single released and with the announcement of Nikos Antipas taking on the role of composer on the album.
The album, titled "Kainourgia Ego", will be a new approach by presenting a different Katy Garbi as justified by the title, which translates into "a new me". Garbi stated in an interview on Mega Channel's "Mega Star" that the album ""is one of my greatest musical collaborations, with Nikos Antipas; everybody knows who he is, and with his experience, great work and enthusiasm, we have greatly increased the strength of this latest work, which will present a completely refreshed, new and desirable Katy Garbi and the end result will be nothing short of a success, I guarantee you!! (translated)""
Release.
The album was released in Greece and Cyprus on December 22, 2008 and serves as the return of new material for Katy Garbi after two years following her 2006 release of "Pos Allazei O Kairos". Succeeding her 2007 two-disc live album "18 Hronia Live", the 10 track album "Kainourgia Ego" will be Garbi's final release on her current contract with Sony BMG, which in total has spanned 19 years as of 2008. It was originally planned for the album to be re-released with additional tracks, however, Garbi decided on releasing a full length studio album instead.
Promotion.
The promotion of 'Kainourgia Ego' began in November 2008 as Garbi kicked off the winter season at "Club Enastron" with the first single of the album Afto Aksizo prior to its release. Within a month of its release, Alpha TV began airing a 20 second promotional spot of the album during its morning time slot showcasing various songs. Large promotional banners were erected outside of select "Metropolis" music stores nationwide informing of the album's release.
With the first music video "Kainourgia Ego" premiering on MAD TV, the music channel's website www.mad.tv and its affiliate the Katy Garbi official fanclub Garbofans.gr held a competition where members would compete by recreating the new album's cover art using selected images from its official artwork for a chance at winning a selection of albums from Garbi's discography.
Singles.
"Afto Aksizo"
"Kainourgia Ego"
"S'agapo Se Miso"
Charts.
"Kainourgia Ego" debuted on Greek album charts at number nineteen. During its second week it moved up eight spots, placing it at number 11. It finally managed to top the chart in the second week of January 2009, and became Garbi's latest release to peak at top position on the charts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20638467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638467" title="The Cooker">
The Cooker

The Cooker is an album by the jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan, released on the Blue Note label in 1958 as BLP 1578. It was recorded on September 29, 1957, and features Morgan, Pepper Adams, Bobby Timmons, Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones.
Music.
On "A Night in Tunisia", Morgan avoids being compared with Charlie Parker's famous 4-bar break on the piece by not playing during it; he then plays a rapid solo that is mostly in double time. Morgan's composition "Heavy Dipper" is "an infectious, medium-tempo swinger". "Just One of Those Things" is another up-tempo piece. "Lover Man" is a ballad.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3.5 stars, stating "Morgan plays remarkably well for his age (already ranking just below Dizzy Gillespie and Miles Davis), making this an essential acquisition.".

</doc>
<doc id="20638489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638489" title="Hoddy Mahon">
Hoddy Mahon

Horace J. "Hoddy" Mahon (January 17, 1932 – November 25, 2011) was the head coach of the Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team during the 1981-82 season. He succeeded Bill Raftery and preceded P. J. Carlesimo. He was a longtime assistant coach for the Pirates and was hired to replace Raftery, who left to pursue his communications career. He was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania
Preceding his tenure at Seton Hall, he was a very successful New Jersey high school coach at Orange High School and at Essex Catholic High School. He brought both schools to the state finals. He won the Essex county and state championships while at Orange. Mahon's college coaching career began at Fordham University as an assistant to Hal Whistle, where he helped recruit players Ken Charles and Charlie Yelverton for the Rams. 
After Fordham, he joined Raftery at Seton Hall as an assistant for 12 years. While head coach, he knocked off the University of Houston and Phi Slamma Jamma in a huge upset and started the season with a 9–1 record. Then, two starters and one bench player who played large minutes were declared academically ineligible for the Pirates' second half of the season. Despite this, Mahon finished with a respectable season. However, even after doing this, Mahon was not hired by the university at the end of the season. In the end, Seton Hall decided to hire the younger, more energetic P. J. Carlesimo instead of the older, more conservative Mahon. This effectively ended Mahon's tenure at Seton Hall and he later took the reins at both William Paterson University and Upsala University, both of which are New Jersey schools. At both institutions he recorded winning records. 
He died at his Allenhurst, New Jersey home in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20638503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638503" title="Battles of La Naval de Manila">
Battles of La Naval de Manila

The Battles of La Naval de Manila were a series of five naval battles fought in the waters of the Philippines in 1646, between the forces of Spain and the Dutch Republic, during the Eighty Years’ War. The Spanish forces, which included large contingents of native Filipino volunteers, consisted of only two, and later, three Manila galleons, a galley and four brigantines, against a Dutch fleet of eighteen warships, in three separate squadrons. Heavy damage was inflicted upon the Dutch squadrons by the Spanish-Filipino forces, forcing the Dutch to abandon their invasion of the Philippines.
The victories against the Dutch invaders were attributed by the Spanish and Filipino troops to the intercession of the Virgin Mary under the title of Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary of La Naval de Manila. On 9 April 1652, the victories in the five sea battles were declared a miracle by the Cathedral Chapter of Manila after a thorough canonical investigation, giving rise to the centuries-old festivities of Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary of La Naval de Manila.
Background.
Early Spanish-Dutch conflicts in the Philippines.
Pursuing their quest for alternative trade routes to Asia, the Dutch reached the Philippines and sought to dominate the commercial sea trade in Southeast Asia. Being at war with Spain, they engaged in privateering activities. They harassed the coasts of Manila bay and its environs, and preyed on sampans and junks from China and Japan, thereby disrupting Spanish trade.
The first Dutch squadron to reach the Philippines was led by Olivier van Noort. On December 14, 1600, the van Noort's squadron grappled with the Spanish fleet under Antonio de Morga near Fortune Island, where de Morga's flagship, the San Diego, sank. Van Noort managed to return to Holland, thus becoming the first Dutch to circumnavigate the world.
Another Dutch fleet of four ships under the command of Francois de Wittert tried to attack Manila in 1609, but was repelled by the Spanish governor-general Juan de Silva who launched a counterattack and defeated the Dutch at the Battle of Playa Honda, where François Wittert was killed.
On October 1616, another Dutch fleet of 10 galleons under the command of Joris van Spilbergen (Georges Spillberg) blockaded the entrance of the Manila Bay. A Spanish armada of seven galleons led by Juan Ronquillo battled against Spilbergen's fleet at the Playa Honda on April 1617 (known as the second battle of Playa Honda). Spilbergen's flagship, the "Sol de Holanda" (Sun of Holland) sank, and the Dutch were once again repulsed.
From 1640 to 1641, a Dutch fleet of three ships stationed near Embocadero de San Bernandino to capture galleons coming from Acapulco, Mexico. These galleons, however, escaped safely by taking a different route after receiving warnings from a system of fire-signals (placed in Embocadero) which was devised by the Jesuit priest Francisco Colin.
Planned invasion of the Philippines.
In view of their previous failures, the Dutch took it out more against the Spanish, and to offset their huge losses, they decided to seize the Philippines, feeling certain that they were strong enough to carry out the attacks. From the time they conquered Formosa in 1642 and expelled the Spanish stationed in that island, the Dutch became increasingly eager to attack Manila because they knew the city lacked strong defenses and that it was unable to receive enough aid because the affairs in Spain were so disrupted by the Thirty Years' War in Europe.
Fr. Juan de los Angeles, a Dominican priest who had been taken from Formosa to Macassar as prisoner of the Dutch, later described in his account that the Dutch were so eager to launch an attack in the Philippines that ""they talk among themselves of nothing else than how they will gain Manila"", and that ""they have urgently requested more men from Holland for the purpose of attacking Manila." ".
In his account, he also described the formidable force of the Dutch stationed at the ports of Jakarta in Indonesia and Formosa:
Condition of the islands.
The entire Philippines was already in dire situation at the time when the Dutch were planning their invasion.
The new Spanish governor-general Diego Fajardo Chacón reached the Philippines at the end of June in 1644, together with the Andalusian Captain Sebastian López. Fajardo found the islands deficient in naval strength. Making his entrance into Manila by mid-August, Fajardo took possession of the government and dispatched two galleons--"Nuestra Señora dela Encarnación" and "Nuestra Señora del Rosario" (hereinafter called "Encarnación" and "Rosario", respectively)—to acquire new resources for the islands from New Spain.
Catastrophic events in 1645.
Death of the Archbishop.
In July 1645, the "Encarnación" and "Rosario", under the command of the Viscayan Captain Lorenzo de Orella y Ugalde (also Lorenzo Ugalde de Orellana) arrived from Mexico at the port of Lamon Bay, with goods for the Philippines to replenish its depleted resources. Aboard in one of the two galleons was the archbishop-elect of Manila, His Grace Don Fernando Montero de Espinosa. On his way to Manila, de Espinosa was striken by hemorrhagic fever and died. The citizens of Manila, who were in great need of a religious leader to strengthen their faith in those desperate times, sorrowfully mourned at the untimely death of de Espinosa.
The San Andres earthquake.
On November 30, 1645, during the feast of Saint Andrew the Apostle, a devastating earthquake hit Manila and its environs, destroying about 150 magnificent buildings and killed countless citizens. Five days later, on December 5, another earthquake as violent as the first rocked the city. Although no fatalities were recorded, the remaining unstable structures damaged by the first tremor were totally destroyed.
The destructive powers of the earthquake reached other provinces of the islands. Natives' villages were utterly overthrown, as their huts built of bamboos and palm-leaves were leveled. Great fissures, and even chasms, appeared in the open fields. Rivers (including those in Manila) overflowed and flooded the cities and villages as the result of the subsequent quakes.
Full-scale attack in 1646.
In their great council in New Batavia (Jakarta), the Dutch decided to launch a decisive attack in the Philippines. The Dutch equipped 18 vessels under Maarten Gerritsz Vries, and divided them into three squadrons:
Dutch Forces.
First Squadron
Second Squadron
Third Squadron
After monsoon, these three squadrons will then converge as one armada outside the bay of Manila to attack the city.
Hispanic-Filipino Forces.
News of the arrival of the first squadron in Ilocos and Pangasinan region reached Manila on February 1, 1646. The Dutch tried to win over the Ilocanos and Pangasinenses, promising complete independence and abolition of taxes. But when the natives resisted, the Dutch corsairs plundered their homes. The arrival of some companies of Spanish soldiers to those places, however, forced the Dutch to re-embark to their ships.
Learning the presence of the enemy, Governor Fajardo called for a council of war. At that time, Manila had no naval strength to repel the enemy—save for the two old and nearly-rotting Manila-Acapulco galleons, the 800-ton "Encarnación" and 700-ton "Rosario"—which arrived at Cavite from Mexico from the previous year. Despite of being greatly outnumbered by the enemy, General Fajardo decided that the two galleons should be made ready for battle. The two galleons were hastily equipped and manned as follows:
Fajardo appointed the General Lorenzo Ugalde de Orellana as commander-in chief of the Spanish fleet (and thus making him captain of the flagship Encarnacion), with Sebastain Lopez as admiral (and captain of the Rosario). The appointed sergeant-major was Agustin de Cepeda.
The four companies of infantrymen were under the leadership of Captains Juan Enriquez de Miranda and Gaspar Cardoso on the flagship, and Captains Juan Martinez Capel and Gabriel Niño de Guzman on the almiranta.
The chief pilots were Captain Domingo Machado with his associate Francisco Romero on the flagship, while on the almiranta were Captain Juan Martinez and his associate Andres Cordero.
Spiritual preparations.
For the spiritual aid of the entire fleet, Governor Fajardo accepted the proposal made by the Father Provincial Diego Gonzales of the Order of St. Dominic, giving the chaplaincies for the two galleons to the Dominicans. On the flagship were Fr. Juan de Cuenca, O.P. and Fr. Placido de Angulo, O.P., while on the almiranta were Fr. Pedro de Mesa, O.P. and Fr. Raymundo del Valle, O.P.
As the result of the excellent preaching and exhortations of the four priests, the soldiers agreed to make confession and receive the Holy communion. In addition, they took as their special patron the Virgin of the Holy Rosary (as advised by the priests), and finally, they made a vow to hold a feast day of thanksgiving, should they emerge victorious in the battles.
On the other hand, Fajardo ordered that the Blessed Sacrament be continuously exposed in the royal military chapel and in all churches and chapels in Manila during the entire period of the campaign.
It was also instructed that all the soldiers should recite the prayers of the Rosary aloud everyday—on their knees and in two choirs—before an image of Our Lady. According to the chronicles, one soldier aboard the Rosario built an altar below deck and placed on it an image of Our Lady of the Rosary.
On March 3, 1646 the small fleet sailed from the port of Cavite to Mariveles. Before the departure, Governor Fajardo bid the soldiers farewell, expressing his regret that he could not join the campaign because of his age and responsibility in Manila, but he promised them the prayers of the populace and reward for their success.
Battles of 1646.
First Battle.
Arriving at the entrance of Mariveles, the Dutch squadron were nowhere to be found (contrary to the earlier reports of the sentinels stationed in Mariveles).
The Spanish fleet then proceeded to Bolinao in Lingayen, Pangasinan. There, on March 15 at around 9:00 AM, the Spanish fleet discovered one enemy vessel on oars, but it quickly took flight. At about 1:00 PM, four Dutch ships appeared, together with the smaller oared-vessel they had seen earlier. The two fleets came within firing range of each other between two and three o'clock in the afternoon.
The first salvo came from the Dutch flagship but missed its mark. The "Encarnación" answered with two shots, hitting the Dutch almiranta with a 15 kg cannonball, tearing open the forward edge of the ship's prow. The Dutch then concentrated firing on the smaller ship "Rosario", but it retaliated by firing a simultaneous volley of cannons. On the other hand, the "Encarnación" fired freely at any of the four enemy vessels, inflicting severe damages and thus forcing the Dutch to disengage in battle.
The battles lasted for five hours. At around 7:00 PM, four of the enemy ships retreated in the dark with their lanterns out. The Dutch almiranta almost sunk but also escaped under the cover of darkness. The Spanish-Filipino fleet looked for the Dutch corsairs up to Cape Bojeador on the northern tip of Luzon, but the Dutch fleet completely disappeared.
The Spanish fleet sustained only minor damages. None of the men were killed and only few were wounded.
The two ships stayed at the port of Bolinao to undergo some repairs. From there, General Orellana, after sending word to Governor Fajardo of their initial victory, received orders from the governor to escort and secure the safety of the merchant galleon from Mexico—the "San Luis"—which was calculated to reached the Philippines via Embocadero de San Bernardino on July 21. The merchant galleon, laden with goods from Mexico, could be a principal target of the Dutch corsairs.
Naval siege at Ticao Island
In mid-April, the second Dutch squadron had entered the Philippine waters. The Dutch first headed for Jolo, intending to attack the Spanish garrison in that place, but upon seeing that it was already abandoned (as ordered by Governor Fajardo to consolidate the Spanish force against the Dutch), the Dutch fleet then proceeded to another Spanish stronghold in Zamboanga, snatching two of the five ships that would carry the relief to Ternate in Moluccas. The other three managed to escape.
The Dutch then attacked the stronghold of Zamboanga, but given its strong resistance, the corsairs landed their troops in Caldera to directly assault the fort, but they were driven back to their ships by Captain Pedro Duran de Monforte with 30 Spanish and two indigenous companies, causing more than a hundred casualties on the part of the Dutch.
News of the Dutch presence in Zamboanga reached the Spanish fleet, which had already docked at the Port of San Jacinto in Ticao Island (a long and narrow strip of land, lying between San Bernardino Strait and Ticao Passage, northeast of Masbate Island) on June 1. The port where the two galleons anchored lies open to sea, in the form of a semicircle, and is entered by a passage through which vessels can pass only one after another.
The Dutch squadron, still stationed in Zamboanga awaiting the return of the other three ships which managed to escape their clutches, proceeded to San Bernandino, prompted by their previous orders from Batavia to seize any vessel coming from Mexico to the Philippines. On June 22, the seven Dutch warships and 16 launches were sighted by the sentinel approaching the island of Ticao. The following day, June 23, the Dutch discovered the "Encarnación" and "Rosario" moored at the entrance of San Jacinto port. The Dutch decided to form a naval siege, blockading the entrance of the harbor with their own ships to prevent the two galleons from coming out.
It was decided after a council of war that the two ships should not engage in battle to save their ammunitions until the arrival of the "San Luis" to protect it at all cost. General Orellana then ordered Sargeant-major Agustin de Cepeda with Captain Gaspar Cardoso as his aide, together with 150 infantrymen, to secure an elevated piece of land located near the entrance of the harbor, which might be used by the Dutch as a strategic point to ambush the two galleons. At 10 o'clock of June 23, four heavy armed boats of the Dutch approached the hill, but were driven back by the Spanish and Filipino troops in a surprise attack.
Failing to secure the hill, the Dutch sent 10 launches to inflict some damage upon the two galleons, hoping to reduce the ammunitions of the Spanish fleet before the arrival of the "San Luis". This strategy (which intermittently occurred throughout the span of the siege) also failed.
The standoff between the Spanish and Dutch fleets continued for a span of 31 days as both navies waited for the arrival of "San Luís". By July 24, however, there was still no sign of the galleon. Antonio Camb, the commander of the second Dutch squadron, presumed that it had already made port somewhere in the archipelago. The Dutch decided to lift their siege and finally took the route to Manila.
Second battle.
At dawn of July 25, (the feast of St. James the Great, Patron of Spain) the Spanish fleet of two left the port of Ticao. When the sun finally rose they saw the Dutch squadron sailing away, bound to Manila. The "Encarnación" and "Rosario" wasted no time and chased the enemy, knowing that Manila laid defenseless, with no ships to protect itself and all its artillery totally removed for use of the two galleons.
On one occasion, as reported by one of the soldiers aboard the "Encarnación", Fr. Juan de Cuenca, O.P. seemed in a trance and then delivered "a very spiritual sermon" to the men, the content of which was "an assurance on the part of God and His Most Holy Mother, not only victory but also that no one would be killed in battle."
The two Spanish galleons caught up the seven Dutch warships between the islands of Banton and Marinduque on July 28, 1646, although no immediate hostilities ensued. Before the battle began, both General Orellana and Admiral Lopez (without each other's knowledge), made public their vows to the Virgin of the Rosary in the name of the entire armada, that if they come out victorious against the Dutch, "they will make a solemn feast in Her honor, and all of them would walk barefoot to Our Lady's chapel at Santo Domingo church", as a sign of thanksgiving.
The second battle (which was according to the chronicles was the bloodiest) took place on July 29 at around 7:00 PM. The seven Dutch ships surrounded the "Encarnación". The lone Spanish flagship exchanged fires violently against the Dutch, inflicting greater damage on the part of the corsairs. The "Rosario" was outside the circle of the Dutch and fired freely from behind causing greater destruction to the enemy.
At one point the "Encarnacion" got entangled with the Dutch almiranta, with the danger that the Dutch would board the flagship and force the outnumbered Spanish and Filipino troops in hand-to-hand combat. The mariners of the Spanish flagship immediately rushed to cut the tangled ropes, freeing both ships.
The Dutch tried to blow up the "Encarnacion" by sending one of their fire ships, but it was repulsed by a continuous volley of artillery from the Spanish flagship. It turned to the "Rosario", but it too was met with ten simultaneous shots which ignited its fireworks. The fire ship burst into flames and sank, killing its crew.
The battle lasted till daybreak, and the Dutch fled. One man survived the sinking of the Dutch fire ship and was taken prisoner by the Spanish-Filipino armada. As promised by Fr. de Cuenca, no man was killed in the "Encarnación". The "Rosario" lost five men.
Third Battle.
The following day, the Spanish-Filipino fleet pursued the enemy, which now had only six vessels including the remaining fire ship. The Dutch were cornered by the two ships on July 31, 1646 at around 2:00 PM, between the islands of Mindoro and Maestre de Campo (an island about 20 kilometers southeast of Mindoro), where the third battle took place.
The Spanish-Filipino fleet took the offensive side as the Dutch were desperately defensive. The bombardment between the two navies, as one narrator described it, "became furious like the explosion of so many volcanoes." The Dutch then tried to disable the "Rosario", but they were met by a heavy volley of cannon shots.
In desperation, the Dutch finally sent out their remaining fire ship. It was armed with 30 cannons but with no sail that it had to be escorted by two other vessels and towed by some of the Dutch launches.
General Orellana ordered the musketeers to fire on the men who were directing the launches. At the same time, he ordered the artillery on the starboard side of his ship (to which the fire ship was coming) to continuously fire at the sides of the approaching vessel. The fire ship got badly battered and sank, bringing its crew and fireworks to the bottom of the sea.
As the fire ship sank, the men on the Spanish flagship shouted ""Ave Maria!"" (Hail Mary!) and ""Viva la fe Cristo y la Virgen Santisima del Rosario!"" (Long live the Faith in Christ and the Most Holy Virgin of the Rosary!) and continued shouting these words until the fire ship completely disappeared into the sea.
The battle continued till about the time of the Angelus at 6:00 PM. The Dutch once again fled into the night, with its flagship severely damaged. The sense of relief was overwhelming for the Spanish-Filipino armada, that they publicly declared that it was the victory of Our Lady of the Rosary, and General Orellana "fell on his knees before an image of Our Lady and publicly gave thanks for the victory, acknowledging it as by Her hand."
Informed of the third victory, Governor Fajardo ordered the Spanish fleet of two to return to the port of Cavite for the much needed rest and repairs. After a six-month voyage, the victorious fleet reached Cavite in the latter part of August. As soon as they landed, the triumphant Spanish-Filipino troops led by General Orellana marched barefooted to the church of Santo Domingo in Manila, as fulfillment to their vow. They were acclaimed as heroes upon their arrival in the city.
General Orellana retired from service and was awarded by the governor-general with one of the best encomiendas in the land, while the other officers were promoted in rank.
Fourth Battle.
With their successive victories against the Dutch corsairs, the Spanish authorities in Manila presumed that the enemy had already abandoned their plan of invasion, that they confidently allowed the "San Diego", a newly built merchant galleon bound for Mexico, to sail as far as San Bernardino Strait without having any ships to escort it.
Unknown to the Spaniards, the first three of the six warships that consisted the third Dutch squadron had already entered the Philippine waters by the month of September of the same year, to join the rest of the earlier two Dutch squadrons, which were—unknown to the commanders of these three ships—had already been defeated by the Spanish-Filipino fleet.
General Cristoval Marquez de Valenzuela, commander of the "San Diego", was taken surprise to discover the three Dutch ships stationed near Fortune Island in Nasugbu, Batangas. Seeing that the "San Diego" was not a warship, the Dutch corsairs attacked it furiously. The "San Diego" barely escaped the Dutch as it retreated towards Mariveles. Upon entering Manila Bay, the galleon proceeded to the port of Cavite to inform the Governor General regarding the presence of the Dutch.
Governor Fajardo immediately ordered his sergeant major and infantry commander Manuel Estacio de Venegas to form a new Spanish armada, now composed of three galleons (the "Encarnación", "Rosario" and "San Diego", which was converted to a battleship), a galley ("Galera" in Spanish) and four brigantines. The "Encarnación" and "Rosario" maintained its designations as flagship and admiral ship, respectively.
Reorganization in the military
With General Orellana's retirement, Sebastian Lopez (former Admiral and captain of the "Rosario") was promoted as commander-in-chief of the entire armada (making him the new captain of the "Encarnación"). The former sergeant-major Agustin de Cepeda was elevated to the rank of Admiral, and thus becoming Sebastian Lopez's successor as captain of "Rosario".
The chaplaincy in the "Encarnación" was retained by the Dominicans; the Franciscans were assigned on the "Rosario" while an Augustinian friar on the galley.
Governor Fajardo ordered that the vow made during the three previous battles be renewed, as well as the continuity of the practice of reciting the Holy Rosary aloud in two choirs while keeling before the image of Our Lady.
On September 16, 1646, with Spanish armada sailed towards Fortune Island where Dutch presence had been reported, but the enemy were not there anymore. Sailing a little further towards Mindoro, the Spaniards sighted the Dutch corsairs near, between Ambil and Lubang Islands.
The fourth battle began at around 4:00 PM. The wind was against the Spanish armada that it had difficulty in approaching the enemy. The two navies were so far from each other that the bombardment was conducted with long range for five hours.
At around 9 o'clock, the "Rosario" was drifted by the current to the enemy and found itself surrounded by the three Dutch ships. The "Encarnación" had difficulty in approaching the "Rosario", and for four hours, the lone admiral ship battled furiously against the three, forcing the Dutch corsairs to retreat and took shelter among the shoals near Cape Calavite.
Fifth Battle.
The final battle took place on October 4, 1646, the feast of St. Francis of Assisi. Upon learning that the newly built "San Diego" had some defects, making it unable to continue its journey to Mexico, General Sebastian decided to bring the galleon back to Mariveles and await for Governor Fajardo's decision regarding the matter.
The "San Diego" was moored at Mariveles (together with the galley and the four brigantines), with the "Encarnación" guarding it from a distance, anchoring at the entrance of Manila Bay. The "Rosario" on the other hand, was carried far away by adverse currents (some two or three leagues from the two ships) and had difficulty in approaching the flagship (for in those places the force of the currents is irresistible).
Seeing that the three galleons were far from each other, the three Dutch ships ventured to attack once more. The Dutch ships, according to the chronicles, were of great size and well-armed. The enemy flagship had 40 cannons on its sides, not including those in rear and on the quarterdeck. The admiral's ship had less. The third vessel seemed to be a fireship due to its swiftness and the fireworks it carried.
General Lopez decided not to move from his current position, as the "Encarnación" might also be carried away by the current like the "Rosario", leaving the "San Diego" unguarded from the approaching Dutch corsairs. Instead, he waited for the Dutch to come nearer without raising the anchor, but loosened the cable with a buoy.
The Dutch came very close to the "Encarnación" with the danger that the corsairs would board the lone flagship. Lopez then ordered the anchor to be raised, the ship's sails unfurled, and with the buoyed cables controlling the movement of the flagship, the "Encarnación" fired violently against the three Dutch ships, as all the four grappling vessels were carried by the current away from the "San Diego".
The furious bombardment lasted for four hours. The "Encarnación" inflicted grave damages upon the enemy, forcing the Dutch corsairs once again to flee. As the Dutch fled, the wind suddenly stopped, giving chance to the galley under the command of Admiral de Esteyvar to attack the Dutch flagship (which was temporarily immobilized with the absence of the wind). Although outgunned, the "galera" fired upon the Dutch vessel "so furiously that the enemy regarded themselves as lost and the men attempted to throw themselves overboard."
The Dutch flagship was already in danger of sinking when the wind returned which helped the enemy in their escape. The "Encarnación" and the "galera" followed in hot pursuit, but the Dutch managed to flee by nightfall. There was no casualty in the Spanish galley, however, four were killed in the "Encarnación".
Aftermath.
The victorious armada returned once again to Manila to fulfill their vow of walking barefooted to the shrine of Our Lady of the Rosary in Santo Domingo church in Intramuros.
On January 20, 1647, the victory was celebrated in a solemn feast by means of a procession, divine worship and a parade of the Spanish squadron with other demonstrations in fulfillment of the vow made to the Virgin of the Rosary. After which, the city of Manila, after convening a council, made a new vow to celebrate the solemnity of the naval victories every year.
Ecclesiastical investigations.
On April 6, 1647, the Father Friar Diego Rodriguez, O.P., Procurator-General of the Dominican fathers, on behalf of the religious Order, duly requested the vicar of the Diocese of Manila to declare that the victories achieved in the year 1646 had been miraculous intercession of the Virgin of the Rosary.
The City Council took into account the three following circumstances to declare the victories as miraculous:
Declaration as miracle.
On April 9, 1652, the battles of 1646 were declared miraculous by the Venerable Dean and Chapter and Ecclesiastical Governor in the vacant See of the Metropolitan Church of Manila.
References.
Websites

</doc>
<doc id="20638510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638510" title="Murder Party">
Murder Party

Murder Party is an American comedy-horror film directed by Jeremy Saulnier. It was shot in Brooklyn, New York. It was given the Audience Award for Best Feature at the 2007 Slamdance Film Festival and screened within such festivals as Maryland Film Festival.
Plot.
Christopher, a lonely and plain man, finds an invitation to a Halloween costume party entitled "Murder Party", on the street. Constructing a knight costume out of cardboard, he makes his way to Brooklyn to attend the party, only to discover it is actually a trap set by a group of deranged art students. The art students are costumed as a goth/vampire, a werewolf, a zombie cheerleader, Daryl Hannah's replicant character from "Blade Runner", and a Baseball Fury from "The Warriors". They intend to commit a murder as a piece of artwork to impress their wealthy and sinister patron. Chris brought along a loaf of pumpkin raisin bread, which one of the students starts to eat. She then reveals that she is allergic to non-organic raisins, and didn't know about them. The group asks if she'll be OK, and she agrees explaining she's only a little dizzy and needs to sit down, however she falls over and hits her head on an axe and dies. The group hides the body, as they don't want their patron to see it when he arrives.
The patron comes and has arrived late to the Murder Party and is searching for students to award grant money to. Drugs and alcohol fuel the group as the situation spirals out of their control and Christopher tries to make it home from the Murder Party alive.
The Lab of Madness.
The Lab of Madness began with Christopher Sharp, Macon Blair, and Jeremy Saulnier as they were growing up in the 1980s and shooting short horror films on a VHS Camcorder and Super 8. Their first film was made in the 6th grade and was titled "Megacop" (1986). Later they were joined by Paul Goldblatt, Sandy Barnett, and Bill Lacey. The group would often do school assignments as video projects, so their vast filmography includes interpretations of classical works such as Macbeth and Beowulf. After high school, all went to various film schools and kept in touch.
The Lab of Madness' first attempt at a feature was a screenplay titled "Moustache". They shot a short film titled "Crabwalk" in an attempt to get funding for the film. After failing to find investors, the group decided to greenlight "Murder Party" with no money in August 2005, and in February 2006 they began shooting.
Production.
The shoot was rough with many taking multiple roles on the production. Despite the freezing set, a tight knit crew emerged. Much of the planned of the special effects had to be compromised due to budget constraints but because of this a lot more focus was put on a few individual effects. Visual effects artist Chris Connelly was brought in to work in post-production on the make up effects to supplement what was done on set. Director Jeremy Saulnier names Sandy Barnett as the most difficult actor to work with considering constant pranks and lack of attention span.

</doc>
<doc id="20638561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638561" title="Abraliopsis morisii">
Abraliopsis morisii

Abraliopsis morisii is a species of bioluminescent squid in the family Enoploteuthidae. The species occurs in tropical to warm temperate waters in the Atlantic Ocean. Males mature at 120-130 days, females at 150-160 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20638564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638564" title="Mount Abram">
Mount Abram

Ski Mount Abram is a small family ski area in Greenwood, Maine, located a few miles outside of Bethel, Maine, and the Sunday River Resort. It consist of 10 easy, 21 Intermediate, and 13 expert trails. Along with five lifts which service of vertical drop.
Mt. Abram can be broken up into two parts, the main mountain and Westside. Westside is the beginner area which has one Double Chairlift and a Ski tow, most lessons are taught in this area. The main part of the mountain, serviced primarily by "The Way Back Machine", another double chair, consist of many Black Diamonds and Blue Square trails.
The trails at Mt. Abram are all named after Rocky & Bullwinkle; names include Dudley Do Right, Boris Badenov, and Natasha's Niche.

</doc>
<doc id="20638589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638589" title="The League (web series)">
The League (web series)

The League is an Internet series that can be found at www.theleaguetv.com.
The League is an original scripted content web series created by Kevin Regan & Joel Rickenbach. Regan does the bulk of the writing, while Rickenbach directs most of the series. It is produced by the duo along with stars Jim Burns and Jim McCabe, and is Executive Produced by George Stulak. The League has a low-budget aesthetic that works perfectly with its tongue-in-cheek tone. It is filmed in Wilmington, DE, and West Chester, PA.
The series chronicles the everyday lives of Hitmen - Todd Britches (Gordon Holmes) and Gary Goldman (Jim Burns)- Think The Odd Couple meets Pulp Fiction. Episodes often feature a dark figure in silhouette known as "The Boss," (Matt Lake) giving the League their "assignments." In season two, the mysterious Anastasia/Claire (Kerry Kristine McElrone) goes from trying to "eliminate" The League, to joining their forces.
The first two seasons of The League, are heavily influenced by "The Ring of Domination," or R.O.D. Ring. The ring makes its first appearance in episode 3 (The R.E.D. Folder). It has been revealed that ring is some sort of "key." As of season two's "The R.E.D. Folder Part 2," The B.O.S.S., Mother RUSSIA, and R.O.S.S (Robert Oswald Safford Scott) all have possession of one ring each. There is a fourth ring that each of them is willing to kill (or have others killed) for. The whereabouts of this ring have yet to be divulged. 
The League premiered at The Theater N in Wilmington, Delaware, on April 1, 2008, to a sold-out crowd.
In September 2008, the series won BusinessWeek's Best of the Web 2008 Award for Humor.
The series has completed its second season, there are no plans for a third season yet.
Kevin Regan, Joel Rickenbach (co-creators of "The League") and Jim Burns ("Gary") along with Brendan Carr (The Magician/The Magician's Twin in ep 1.4) and Andrew John Mitchell (The Fright Knight Part II in ep 2.2) are currently working on a new series, "The Clink" which will debut its first episode on November 1, 2010 on www.theclink.net
Episode list.
The web series premiered on April 1, 2008.
Season 1.
Episode 1.1: Pickle Tosser (Pilot) Gary finds he's out of TP and has Todd go to the supermarket to pick some up. Todd sees McGill, the League's target. He has misplaced his gun and is forced to improvise to finish the job. This episode features the faux commercial for "Doe Dill Pickles."
Episode 1.2: TA DA! The Boss saddles the boys with making a Magician "disappear." Watch The League pull a rabbit out of their hat and pay their rent at the same time.
Episode 1.3: The R.E.D. Folder Todd and Gary's task is made easy when they see their target in the obituaries. They will need evidence that R.O.S.S. is in deed dead. They end up with more than they bargained for when they crash the funeral. This is the first episode to feature the R.O.D. Aka "Ring of Domination."
Episode 1.4: Coulrophobia Todd's crippling fear of clowns will need to be over come in order for the League to complete this assignment. Luckily, Gary is skilled in over coming ones fears...and he dons a Bear Suit.
Episode 1.5: Touch of Death If the boys are going to defeat The Ninja, they are going to need to learn the ways of the fist. However, they encounter children that may be more formidable an opponent than The Ninja himself.
Episode 1.6: What Kind of Jacket Has It Been Todd finds his lucky jacket missing while the League tried to unravel the mystery of the Ring. Perhaps finding one will help them find the other."*The title of this episode is an homage to the last episode of the first season of every Aaron Sorkin TV show."
Christmas Special: Twas the Nite Before the Nite Before Christmas This episode happens out side of the League timeline. The Boss employees the League to kill St Nick himself...or at least someone dressed as him. Can they bring themselves to kill Santa this close to Christmas?
Season 2.
Episode 2.1: In The Shadow of Two Idiots The season begins with Todd & Gary tied up in an unfamiliar place. They come face to face with the agent who stole their ring, Anastasia. We learn that Anastasia isn't what she seems, and might herself be a victim of Mother Russia.
Episode 2.2: Fright Knight the Second Todd & Gary, with the help of Claire, must vanquish the dreaded Fright Knight at their local Renaissance Faire. Can the League best this celebrated jouster?
Episode 2.3: R.E.D. Folder Part 2 It seems a deadly new group known as "The Triad" are eliminating The League's targets before they can. Outnumbered and outmatched, The League must make a difficult choice if they are to stand a chance against this new foe.
Episode 2.4: Belly To Back Flashback In a string of Gary flashbacks, we learn how Todd gets caught in a wrestling ring with The HillBilly, and how they "take care" of Even Steven for The Boss.
Episode 2.5: Open Mic Night Rob Stewart gets his own as the search for the Ring Of Domination becomes critical to The League's survival. RoboGary returns in a surprise twist and frequently seen cast member Katie Brady (the other blonde) finally gets a line.
Cast & Crew.
Jim Burns - Gary Goldman/Argy the Land Lord
Gordon Holmes - Todd Britches
Matt Lake - The B.O.S.S.
Kerry Kristine McElrone - Anastasia/Claire
John Barbone - Security Guard #1 (ep 2.1)
Tonya “TS” Baynes - Madam Cleopatra Jones (ep 1.6)
Steve Berger - Dave "The Clown" (ep 1.4)
Katie Brady - The Girl with "No Lines" (ep 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.6, 1.7, 2.1 & 2.2)
Jacie Bryk - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Brenden Carr - The Magician/The Magician's Twin (ep 1.4)
Carol Casarino - Beer Wench (ep 2.2)
Matt Casarino - Creepy Guy in Bookstore/Creepy Guy at Ren Faire (ep 1.6, 2.2)
Avery Chambers - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Erika L. Chambers - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Brian Couch - Otto Von Schatzie (ep 2.1)
Melissa Dammeyer - The Widow (ep 1.3, 1.6)
Christian Deisler - Wrong Number (ep 1.5)
Tony Dattilo - Tranny/Jogger (ep 1.3, 2.1)
Danielle Finlay - Street Walker #1 (ep 1.3)
Michael Gray - Robert Oswald Safford Scott (ep 1.3, 2.3)
Melissa Hart - Mother Russia (ep 1.2, 1.3, 2.1)
Stephen Heath - The Pinata (ep 2.3)
James Kassees - The Funeral Director (ep 1.3)
Seth Kirschner - Begging Victim (ep 1.6)
Allan M. Kleban - Ren Faire Announcer (ep 2.2)
Tanya Lazar - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Steve Manocchio - The Sound Engineer (ep 1.2)
Emily McAllister - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Jim McCabe - Don Doe/The Ninja/Dave Driscoll (ep 1.1, 1.5, 1.7)
Lee McCormick - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Daniel Metz - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Carrie Meyermann - Street Walker #2 (ep 1.3)
Andrew John Mitchell - The Fright Knight Part II (ep 2.2)
Alex Orgera - Meegan, the Boss's Secretary (ep 2.2, 2.3)
Ron Ozer - The Squire (ep 2.2)
Dave Perillo - Steve "the Nerd" (ep 1.2, 1.6, 2.1)
David Piccolomini - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Julie Snow Regan - Talent Show Judge/Save the Clock Tower Girl/Ren Fair Attendee (ep 1.2, 1.6, 1.7, 2.2)
Kevin Regan - Talent Show Judge/Pickle Salesman (ep 1.2, 2.2)
Valerie Regan - Doe Dill Girl (ep 1.1)
Joel Rickenbach - Mr. Britches (Todd's Dad) (ep 1.1, 2.2, 2.3)
Jen Roberts - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Michael Sandler - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Tom Shade - Photo Only - (ep 2.3)
Ben Shapira - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Georgiana Staley - Sister Hooperbukowski (ep 1.2, 2.1)
George Stulak - McGill (ep 1.1, 1.4)
Ron Succarotte - Karate Instructor (ep 1.5)
George Tietze - Mrs. Britches (Todd's Mom) (ep 1.1, 1.4, 2.2, 2.3)
Bob Trate - Security Guard #2 (ep 2.1)
Chris Turner - The Ninja (ep 2.3)
Hailey Weiner - Santa Maria (ep 2.3)
Barton Yoder - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
David Yoder - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Ohana Yoder - Ren Faire Attendee (ep 2.2)
Kevin Regan - Creator
Jim Burns - Producer
Jim McCabe - Producer
Kevin Regan - Producer
Joel Rickenbach- Producer
George Stulak - Executive Producer
Joel Rickenbach - Director
Jim Burns - Writer
Gordon Holmes - Writer
Kevin Regan - Writer
Joel Rickenbach - Writer
Christopher Tolomeo - Composer

</doc>
<doc id="20638632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638632" title="Scrisul Nostru">
Scrisul Nostru

Scrisul Nostru was a monthly literary magazine published in Bârlad, Romania by the Academia Bârlădeană". The first issue of the magazine was issued in January, 1929 and it appeared, with some irregularity, until October 1931, a total of 21 numbers were printed.
The editor in chief of the newspaper was George Tutoveanu who also wrote the editorials of each issue and the responses to letters from readers. Other important contributors were G. Tutoveanu, George Pallady, D. Fărcăşanu, Syilvia Pan (Natalia Paşa), Zoe G. Frasin, N.N. Lenguceanu, Virgil Duiculescu, Vasile Damaschin (who also had the responsibility of the newspaper's graphics and also coordinated the "Literary discussions"), Ştefan Cosma, George Nedelea, George Damaschin, Olga Alexa, G. G. Ursu, Z. Letin, N. Bogescu, C. Crişan and I.A. Basarabescu 

</doc>
<doc id="20638697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638697" title="List of action film directors">
List of action film directors

Action film directors guide the filming and creative elements in action movies, a film genre where action sequences, such as fights, shootouts, stunts, car chases or explosions either take precedence or, in finer examples of the genre, are used as a form of exposition and character development. Action movie directors may also blend other genres into their films, such as romance, science fiction, or even comedy (e.g., "Rush Hour"). The genre is closely linked with the thriller and adventure film genres.
The names in bold are names whose techniques used in film are significant and recognizable.

</doc>
<doc id="20638729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638729" title="Causal reasoning">
Causal reasoning

Causal reasoning is the ability to identify relationships between cause and the effect. Study of causality spans ancient philosophy to contemporary neuropsychology; assumptions about the nature of causality may be shown to be functions of the former preceding the latter. The first protoscientific study of cause and effect occurred in Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics. A 2013 neuropsychology study asserts humans conform new information to old information (regarding both cause/effect relationships and beliefs); this suggests an inverted causal experience: cause must be attributed to effect a posteriori to understand the causal connection between agent and act. Identically, Nietzsche argued against Aristotelian causality (that cause precedes to effect) in The Will To Power 
Humans understand cause and effect. Research suggests some other animals may or may not understand cause and effect, such as rats, and monkeys. Animals may use information about cause and effect to improve decision making and to make inferences about past and future events. An invariant that guides human reasoning and learning about events is causality. Causal considerations are integral in how people reason about their environment. Humans use causal cues and their related effects to make decisions efficiently, to make predictions about the future circumstances of our environment and to fully understand mechanisms leading to change.
Understanding Cause and Effect.
Causal relationships are often understood as a transfer of some sort of force. If A is caused by B, then A must transmit some sort of force or causal power to B which results in this particular effect. Causal relationships suggest a change happening over time—the cause and effect are temporally related such that the cause precedes the outcome.
Causality can also be inferred in the absence of a force, although this is a less typical definition. For example, a cause can be the removal or stopping of an event, like removing a support from a structure would cause a collapse; or a cause could be the non-occurrence of an event, like a lack of precipitation causing wilted plants. Although it may seem difficult to reconcile the idea of a non-event actually causing something, it is still possible for this sort of relationship to be consistent with typical causality theories. This sort of causation can be inferred as the force that is preventing the effect being removed by another force. So there is still some causal agent, it is just further removed from the ultimate effect.
Humans can reason about many topics with the aid of causal understanding. Examples include social situations, counterfactual situations, and mathematics. Understanding these topics depends on the ability to understand cause and effect. People must be able to reason about the causes of others’ behavior in order to understand their intentions and act appropriately with them. People must also understand the likely effects of our own actions. Counterfactual arguments are presented to individuals in many situations—humans are predisposed to think about “what might have been”, even when that argument has no bearing on the current situation. An understanding of cause and effect is crucial for these sorts of arguments, as people must appreciate what caused our current situation and what circumstances could change to result in a different state of the world. Finally, mathematics and other logical disciplines require an understanding of cause and effect and the logical rules that must follow when certain actions are taken. Mathematics in particular has well defined rules for logical proofs, for example, in which certain effects must always follow particular causes.
Causality is also directly related to mechanism. The understanding of a mechanistic relationship allows an individual to infer causality. For example, if you know the details of how a bicycle operates, you understand that the pedals cause the chain to turn gears in the rear of the bicycle and move it forward. In many circumstances, people confound their understanding of causal relationships with their understanding of mechanism. For example, they may know that an air conditioner causes a home to cool down, and based on this knowledge assume that they understand the mechanistic properties of an air conditioning system, when in fact they do not. An understanding of causality does not necessarily imply an understanding of mechanism.
Cause and effect relationships help people define the categories of objects, for example, understanding that a feature that identifies a category is causally related to the properties of the members of that category allows us to more concretely describe those categories. For example, one might understand that “wings” is one key feature of the category members “birds”, and this feature is causally interconnected to another inherent feature of that group, which is the ability to fly. This discussion of birds exemplifies something called the Causal Model Theory of categories and causality, which suggests that people’s intuitive theories about a category depend on both the observable features inherent to that category as well as causal mechanisms.
How Humans Infer Cause and Effect.
Humans are predisposed to understand cause and effect, and use many strategies to make inferences about causes and effects bi-directionally. In particular, people use temporal cues to understand causality. When observing an event, people tend to assume that things directly preceding that event are candidates for causes of it, and things directly following that event are effects from it.
Co-occurrence of movement and spatial relationships are another way in which people infer cause and effect. If objects move together or in such a way as to appear that one object is initiating the movement of another, we infer causality from that relationship. In fact, in many cases we can also infer animacy from such relationships. For example, if one object moves about a computer screen and another object moves slightly behind it, we may infer that the second object is “chasing” the first, despite the fact that these objects can have no motivation of their own. This is the Michotte effect, attributed to the researcher who first discovered it. This effect also occurs if one object moves towards a second objects position, stops at that location, and the second object then rapidly moves along the same trajectory. In this case, the first object is seen as causing the action of the second object. This illusion is particularly interesting because there is nothing causal actually occurring between these computer animations at all—they operate completely independently, yet our bias to understand causality influences us to see the two objects as animate and having a causal relationship.
Basic causal processing can be activated almost automatically. We are very well practiced in understanding cause and effect, and this practice results in a low-effort process when making this sorts of inference. However, while we are very good at inferring cause and effect, we do not always understand the mechanisms underlying that causality. In fact, causality has been described as a “cognitive illusion”. Much of our understanding of cause and effect is based on associations, without a true understanding of how events are really related to one another.This lack of understanding is referred to the as the Illusion of Explanatory Depth. People may believe they have an understanding of mechanistic relationships because they understand that one event causes another, but when asked to explain that relationship, they fail.
Types of Causal Relationships.
There are many different types of causal models we develop as a result of observing causal relationships in the world. In particular, there are common cause relationships, common effect relationships, causal chains, and causal homeostasis.
Common cause relationships involve a single cause resulting in multiple effects. For example:
A virus could be an example of a single cause that results in multiple related effects like a fever, headache, and nausea.
Common effect relationships involve multiple causes converging on one effect. For example:
An increase in government spending could be an example of a single effect with multiple causes. The increased spending could be caused by high unemployment, increases in currency value, or civil unrest for example. These causes all converge to produce this effect.
Causal chains involve a single cause instigating an effect which in turn instigates another effect and so on. For example:
The “butterfly effect” is one example of a causal chain. In this figurative example, a butterfly may flap its wings, which can result in disturbances in air currents, which can cause a hurricane, which can in turn cause damage to a community. A more realistic example could be poor sleep leading to fatigue, which in turn leads to clumsy coordination.
Causal homeostasis involves causal relationships that endure as a stable cycle or reinforcing mechanism. For example:
The presence of feathers, hollow bones, high metabolic rate, and flight may all reinforce each other in birds in this way, with continuous adaptation to the whole cycle rather than one instance particularly beginning the causal relationship.
Types of Reasoning about Cause and Effect.
While basic causal understanding can be automatic, there are more complex situations in which advanced reasoning may be necessary. There are several different ways we can apply reasoning to infer causality, including:
Deduction.
Deduction implies a general rule. If some event occurs, there is a guaranteed conclusion. In deductive reasoning, one can infer an outcome based on the presence of other arguments, and these arguments can be used to determine a cause and effect relationship. For example, one might say: Earthquakes cause damage to property and people. Damage is a negative outcome. Therefore earthquakes cause negative outcomes. Based on the first two statements in this example, the third is a logical conclusion with no ambiguity.
Induction.
Induction includes any inference made under uncertainty. In this case the conclusion is likely but not guaranteed. In this way, induction can be used to speculate about causality, but true causal understanding is not likely to come from this type of reasoning. For example, when using inductive reasoning to infer causality one might say: All evidence to this point suggests that genetic mutations produce cancerous tumors. Therefore, it is likely that all cancer is caused by genetic mutations. In this example, the first statement is plausible, and the second is a conclusion that is likely but not guaranteed because more evidence may still come to light about different causes.
Abduction.
In this case the premises do not guarantee conclusion. Abductive reasoning moves from data description to a hypothesis without a necessarily intransient relationship between the cause and effect. This is a less traditional form of reasoning for these circumstances. For example, one might observe a door opening in a room, and abduce that the wind opened this door. There may be many causal factors that could have resulted in that outcome, but the hypothesis of the wind acting as a cause is reasonable. We are inclined to search for a single causal explanation for effects in our environment in order to lessen ambiguity.
Perspectives on Causal Reasoning.
There are several theories and models of how humans reason about causality.
Dependency Model.
The dependency model (or class of interrelated models) asserts that effects are contingent upon causes. Cause and effects have a probabilistic relationship in this sort of model. For example, cancer is more likely in the presence of smoking, so cancer is assumed to be caused by smoking.
Covariation Model.
The covariation or regularity model suggests that humans understand the relationships between causes and effects by virtue of their co-occurrence and how changes in a cause result in changes in an effect. This is a type of dependency model. This model would propose that we notice correlations between events, observe concurrent changes to these events, and from this covariation infer causality. Critically, this co-variation must occur with one of the events imparting causal power. The rooster crowing may always coincide with the sun rising but one does not infer the rooster causes the sun to rise because it does not exert causal power
Mechanism Model.
This model suggests that causes and effects are related by a mechanistic relationship. In this situation, there is proposed to be a basic process underlying the cause and effect relationship. For example if a sneeze gets someone sick, it is understood that there are germs transmitted by the sneeze—they are the mechanism by which illness is transferred.
Dynamics Model.
This model of causal representation suggests that causes are represented by a pattern of forces and a position vector. What this means is that some physical force in the world (gravity, momentum, chemical forces, etc.) act between events or objects to produce some sort of an end state. For example, a rubber ring on the bottom of a drink coaster may cause it to stay in place on the table. There is no action in the typical sense of the word occurring in this example, but it is causal because of the physical forces resulting in an end state (lack of movement).
Development of Causal Reasoning in Humans.
Children develop the ability to understand causality and make inferences based on cause and effect from a very young age. Some research suggests children as young as 8-months old can understand cause and effect. Understanding mechanism and understanding causality go hand in hand; children need to understand that there are causes and effects in the world in order to understand how mechanisms can operate, and this knowledge in turn allows them to understand specific causal relationships. Children begin to ask “why” at a very early age, and do so in order to understand mechanism and in turn causality. Children’s first instance of a “why” question often coincides with their first attempts to explain things, explanations which are often causal in nature and occur within the first year after the child acquires language. Children ask “why” expressly for the purpose of understanding mechanism and causality, and persist in asking such questions until they get mechanistic or causal information as a response.
The ability to understand and reason about causality at a young age allows children to develop naïve theories about many topics. For example causality helps children to learn about physics, language and concepts, and the behavior of others. For example, a child may develop naïve theories of gravity based on the observation that something must cause dropped objects to fall to the ground. They may develop theories of language and conceptual representations because of their understanding that specific features of objects cause people to apply labels in a consistent way. Or they may develop theories about the intentions of others based on the observation that something must cause another person to act in the ways they do.
There is a clear developmental pattern of the types of causal understandings children can have at various ages. Some levels of understanding about causality emerge in infancy, other levels emerge in childhood, while others still emerge later in adulthood or not at all.
Infants have an understanding of "causal power". They know that certain causes can result in particular effects. They also understand "causal relevancy". They understand that certain properties are more relevant to particular relationships, and can track these properties in relation to the causal mechanisms in question.
Young children, from late infancy to early childhood, understand "functional relations". They can understand that a particular property or component of a mechanism can serve a certain function. They also understand "causal density", which means that they understand how different causes can interact and connect in a complex way.
Older children and adults continue to develop an understanding of "mechanistic fragments" throughout the lifespan. They begin to understand the concrete components of a working system in an isolated way, although "full mechanistic details" of a system do not emerge until adulthood and sometimes not even at that point. It requires a level of expertise to be able to fully describe and manipulate the full understanding of a mechanistic system.
One theory on the development of causal reasoning, for instance, is that of Jean Piaget, who defined a preoperational stage, concrete operational stage, and formal operational stage of development.
Causal Reasoning Across Cultures.
Causal attributions have been shown to be dissimilar among different cultures in many domains:
Causal Attributions.
Yan and Gaier investigated different causal attributions of college success and failure between two different groups of college participants: Americans and Asians. The Asian student group was made up of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and Southeast Asian students, and performance on this task was very similar across all four nationalities. The students were asked to make judgments about someone else's successes and failures in schoolwork, and whether those outcomes were attributable to innate ability or to expended effort. American participants were much more likely to attribute academic achievement to ability than Asian participants were. Americans also tended to rate success as being attributable to effort, whereas failure was not perceived as being a result of a lack of effort. Asian students did not show this pattern.
Comparisons between Western and Eastern children and adults suggest that there are differences between the cultures in the causality attributable to particular illnesses. While reading stories of illnesses and making inferences about the causes of those illnesses, both groups showed an understanding of biological causes of most illnesses. However, both Western and Eastern children and Eastern adults also attributed some illnesses and their remedies to magical causes. Western adults did not make those attributions. Between these cultures there are somewhat different understandings of particular illnesses, how they are contracted, and how they are remedied.
Causal Motivations.
People from individual or collectivist cultures may make different attributions as to the origins and motivations of movement on a small scale among animated objects, or what would cause movement within a group of animated objects.. Participants from the UK or China or Hong Kong were shown videos of animated fish moving about a computer screen. The videos depicted one central actor fish moving either towards or away from a group of fish, and the critical task was included in judgments participants made. They were asked to choose what statement represented the relationship among the fish. This relationship could be either internally motivated, for example the central fish was swimming because it was looking for food, or externally motivated, for example the central fish was swimming because it was charmed by the other group of fish and wanted to join them. Another set of videos suggested that the group of fish was the predominant acting agent, while the individual fish was being acted upon. These different videos provide an opportunity to determine whether group or individual action is the preferred motivating force among different cultures.
Results suggested that Asian participants preferred descriptions and situations in which the group was the central focus and causal agent, while the Western participants preferred the situations in which the individual was the causal agent. This preference rating was a self-report measure from the participants. These effects also extended to memory processes—participants from the collectivist group had better memory for the situations in which the group was primary causing the actions. These results suggest that members of individualistic cultures are more responsive to independent agents, whereas members of collectivist cultures are more responsive when groups guide an individual’s action.
Causal Reasoning in Non-human Animals.
Causal reasoning is important to humans but it is not unique to humans. Animals are often able to use causal information as strong cues for survival. Specifically, rats are able to generalize causal cues in order to gain new food rewards. So, for example, they can generalize beyond simply “do x and get y”, to “do something related to x and get y”. Animals like rats can learn the actual mechanisms required for a rewarding effect, and then reason about what sorts of causes could elicit that reward in order to earn it (Sawa, 2009).
New Caledonian crows are a species of animal that have been studied for their ability to reason about causal events. These birds are a very intelligent species, using tools even in a way that chimpanzees cannot—they can also even make their own complex tools to solve problems such as food out of reach.
Experimental work with this species of crows suggests that they can even understand hidden causes in a way that was previously believed to be uniquely human. Two experiments suggest such an inference. Crows were placed in a confined area with food in a tube that was inaccessible to the crow without some effort on the crow’s part. In one experiment, a human walked into the enclosure behind a curtain, and started to move a stick around the area of the food tube through a hole in the curtain. After the human left, the crow confidently moved toward the food area and retrieved the reward quickly. The crow understood that human was the cause of the moving stick, even though the human was not visible when the stick was moving. Therefore, when the human walked away, the crow understood that the stick would not be moving on its own. In the second experiment, the stick moved from behind the curtain in the same way as the first experiment, but there was no human entering or exiting the enclosure. In this case, when the crow moved toward the food, it was with trepidation and it nervously looked toward the hole in the curtain, actions which slowed down its access to the reward. The authors suggest that this means the crow could understand hidden causes. In the first scenario, the crow knew that the cause of the moving stick was the human, even though the human was not actually visible while the stick was moving. In the second experiment, the crow did not know the cause of the moving stick, so therefore was not assured that the stick would not reappear in the area of the food reward while it was retrieving the food. Since the human could not be inferred as the cause of the movement, the crows understood that the stick could reappear at any time. These animals have a sophisticated understanding of causal events, even when the cause is not visible to them.

</doc>
<doc id="20638755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638755" title="Down with the King (song)">
Down with the King (song)

"Down with the King" was the second and final single from Run–D.M.C.'s sixth studio album "Down with the King". It featured Pete Rock & CL Smooth with Pete Rock producing the song.
After three unsuccessful singles from the group's previous album, "Down with the King" became Run-D.M.C.'s second-biggest hit after "Walk This Way", peaking at No. 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 and becoming their only single to reach the top spot on Hot Rap Singles chart. 
The music video, which was directed by Marcus Raboy, received heavy airplay and featured cameos from Eazy-E, Redman, Kris Kross, Jermaine Dupri, Onyx, Salt-n-Pepa, KRS-One, EPMD, A Tribe Called Quest, Kid Capri, Das EFX, P.M. Dawn and Naughty by Nature. The song contains samples of Galt MacDermot's "Where Do I Go" from the original Broadway cast recording of the rock musical "Hair" and Run–D.M.C.'s 1988 single "Run's House". Pete Rock amd CL Smooth's verses contain reused lyrics from Run DMC's 1983 single "Sucker M.C.'s". "Down with the King" was certified Gold by the RIAA on May 11, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20638761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638761" title="Wisconsin Plan">
Wisconsin Plan

The Wisconsin Plan (also known as the Wales Plan and Canada Plan; originally Continuous Mediation Without Armistice) was a proposal created by Julia Grace Wales to end the First World War.
Origin and purpose.
Julia Grace Wales was a Canadian-born Wisconsin university professor who was deeply troubled by reports of the war. She spent the autumn of 1914 considering possible methods for finding a peace solution. The United States was neutral at the time, and President Woodrow Wilson asked his compatriots to remain "impartial in thought". In December, Wales prepared a plan. She proposed that the United States organize a conference (a "world thinking organ") composed of delegations from neutral countries, who would mediate between the warring powers and disseminate peace proposals, with the goal of eventually reaching a fair settlement. The conference was to last for as long as the war continued. Two main principles were meant to guide the mediators: no nation could be humiliated by the peace, and there could be no compromises that could later lead to another war. The plan was carefully revised many times.
Reactions.
The newly formed Wisconsin Peace Party and the National Peace Party, led by Jane Addams, both endorsed Wales' plan. The former party started printing and distributing the Wisconsin Plan as pamphlets in early 1915. The National Peace Party sent a delegation to present the idea to President Wilson and to the United States Congress, to which it was recommended by Wisconsin's Senator Robert M. La Follette, Sr.. Rosika Schwimmer, who had independently devised a similar idea, proposed the plan at the International Congress of Women, and Wales seconded it. The ICW received several proposals but unanimously agreed that the Wisconsin Plan was the most plausible method. Thousands of pamphlets, printed in four languages, were distributed in Europe and North America.
Wilson appeared to be interested in the proposal, but the sinking of the RMS Lusitania by the Germans in March 1915 and the resulting deaths of 1,198 people (128 of whom were U.S. citizens) brought about an uncertainty about the neutrality policy, leading government officials to back away from mediation. The industrialist Henry Ford started advocating the Wisconsin Plan and accompanied Wales to Europe, but the movement began declining. The United States entered the war in April 1917, rendering the plan a dead letter.

</doc>
<doc id="20638763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638763" title="CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea">
CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea

CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea (, lit. Sports Club Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea) was a Romanian women's handball club from Râmnicu Vâlcea sponsored by Oltchim.
On domestic level Oltchim won 19 Romanian Championship titles, a record, including eight in a row between 1993 and 2000. They have been also fourteen-time Romanian Cup winners.
In addition, Oltchim won the EHF Cup twice, in 1984 and 1989, the EHF Cup Winners' Cup and the EHF Champions Trophy in the same year 2007. They have also reached the final of the Champions League in 2010 and the EHF Cup Winners' Cup final in 2002.
History.
The club was founded on 27 June 1973 under the name "A.S. Chimistul Râmnicu Vâlcea". It was part of a sports program initiated by the local chemical company (now Oltchim). Its first coach was Constantin Cinca. Under his guidance, the team moves from the 3rd division to 2nd division in 1980. Two seasons later, under its new coach Constantin Popescu, the team advances to the Liga Naţională.
On 1 October 1989, the club's name is changed to "CSM Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea". The existing name will be later given on 1 May 1997, when the club became a private club.
On June 25, 2013, the City Council voted for the abolition of the club. It will form a new team will be called HC Oltenia. It's unsure yet if HC Oltenia will use Oltchim's record or not.

</doc>
<doc id="20638772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638772" title="Candy (Lee Morgan album)">
Candy (Lee Morgan album)

Candy is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1958, featuring performances by Morgan, Sonny Clark, Doug Watkins and Art Taylor.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock awarded the album 4 stars stating "Not merely a technical marvel, his tone on this album was sweet and his playing fluid, infused with joy and crisply articulated emotion. Morgan would later turn out to be an expert songwriter, but here songs like Buddy Johnson's "Since I Fell for You," and Jimmy Heath's "C.T.A." gave him ample space to show off his talents.".
Squeaking.
On many releases there is an audible squeaking noise on the song Candy attributed to the hi-hat stand / pedal.

</doc>
<doc id="20638810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638810" title="Nathan Winograd">
Nathan Winograd

Nathan J. Winograd is an American author, animal advocate, and director of the No Kill Advocacy Center in Oakland, California.
Biography.
Winograd graduated from Stanford Law School, and then worked as a prosecutor and in corporate law. He came to public attention when he turned the rural Tompkins County shelter in upstate New York into a No-Kill shelter. Winograd headed the shelter in Tomkins County between 2001 and 2003. The euthanasia rate in Ithaca, New York was about half the United States average at the time of Winograd's hiring. During his two years there, the national rate of shelter euthanasia fell from 15.7 to 14.8 animals killed per one thousand humans. Winograd achieved a decline of 2.1. 
Winograd joined the San Francisco SPCA in 1994 and worked there until 2000. In 1994, the San Francisco SPCA, led by President Richard Avanzino (who later became the President of Maddie's Fund) along with the San Francisco Department of Animal Care and Control, guaranteed a home to every "adoptable" dog and cat who entered the shelter system. Winograd joined the San Francisco SPCA in 1994 and worked there until 2000. At the time of Winograd's hiring, San Francisco had the lowest shelter euthanasia rate of any major city in the United States. The national rate of shelter killing dropped from 21.1 animals killed per one thousand humans to 16.8 (a decline of 4.3) during Winograd's time at the organization, 0.7 better than San Francisco. 
In a 2007 interview with Center for Consumer Freedom, Winograd said: "When San Francisco became the first city in the U.S. to save all healthy, homeless dogs and cats, and was effectively talking to the public about pet adoption, there was not a single pet store left in the city selling dogs and cats."
Since the founding of the No-Kill Law and Advocacy Center, the rate of shelter euthanasia has declined from 14.8 to 9.5 animals per one thousand humans. However, impoundments of animals from no-kill shelters that could not stay open have doubled in the same time period, from about 2100 per year to more than 4200. 
Governance and Finances.
Winograd received $60,000 in compensation during 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="20638817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638817" title="Dominican Republic Volleyball League">
Dominican Republic Volleyball League

The Dominican Republic Volleyball League ( LIDOVOLI) is a professional volleyball league in Dominican Republic. The competitions are organized by the Dominican Republic Volleyball Confederation (Confederación Dominicana de Voleibol).

</doc>
<doc id="20638823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638823" title="Peckhammer TV">
Peckhammer TV

Peckhammer TV was an Internet TV show that premiered on YouTube on February 5, 2008, and ran until November 2010, with one final episode posted on April 6, 2013. The motorcycle-themed shows often included educational content. Peckhammer TV was produced by David E. Aldrich, a Seattle-based documentary director, cinematographer and independent motorsports journalist.
Peckhammer TV was created by David Aldrich, AKA Peckhammer, who was the writer, director, editor and producer. Aldrich is known in the new media field for his early work in podcasting. Together with his assistant producer, Juliette Pezé ("Girl Wonder"), the two flew around the United States to document the industry and interview notable riders such as racing great Eddie Mulder, and Hollywood stunt woman Alisa Hensley-Lane.
Peckhammer TV operated as an independent, self-financed, nonprofit project. Peckhammer focused on stories that were not usual for television, such as racing support teams. This, and the fact that assistant producer Pezé is tri-lingual and could conduct interviews in several languages, made the show notable.
Peckhammer TV debuted in 2008, and gained an international following. New webisodes were released monthly via several online outlets. The webisode "Bob Milewsky, 2008 Chehalis Classic" was written about in Racer X online magazine. Peckhammer TV videos hosted on YouTube have received more than1,000,000 views.
Notable Interviews.
Peckhammer interviewed, in "Interview: Eddie Mulder, Racing Legend", Eddie Mulder, who is known for being a leading TT Steeplechase and desert racer of the 1960s, and a Hollywood stunt rider doubling Clint Eastwood on a motorcycle jump stunt in "Magnum Force". Eddie Mulder was inducted into the AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 1999. The interview took place prior to Mulder racing at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb where he holds several records. Mulder, who was sixty-four years old at the time of the interview, discussed the altitude-related health problems he suffered after setting a record in the Vintage Class at PPIHC in 2007. 
Peckhammer interviewed, in "Bonneville: Passion, Endurance and Teamwork", Paul and Barbara Friebus regarding their motorcycle performances at the Bonneville Salt Flats. The Friebuses build and restore vintage motorcycles and engines and hold multiple motorcycle land speed records with their bikes.
Paul Friebus' father, who set a new land speed record at the age of 83, was also interviewed.
Peckhammer did a collaborative webisode with cinematographer Stan McClain entitled, "Maximum Exposure: Rigging a Motorcycle with Film Tools." Stan McClain is known for his major studio work as a 2nd unit Director of Photography and Aerial Cinematographer for TV shows such as Magnum PI, and more than fifty motion pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="20638853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638853" title="MFO Civilian Medal">
MFO Civilian Medal

Civilian employees working for the Multinational Force and Observers mission in the Sinai are authorized the MFO Civilian Medal in recognition of their service in the cause of peace.
History.
Established March 24, 1982, this award recognizes those civilians who have served with the MFO in the Sinai. The medal is similar to the Multinational Force and Observers Medal presented to peacekeepers of the 11 contingents which serve in the force. Civilians are employed in a variety of jobs, primarily services and administration. Like the medals issued by the United Nations, the medals of the MFO are not issued by a government; the Multinational Force and Observers is an international organization which answers to its headquarters in Rome and to the two interested parties, Egypt and Israel.
Criteria.
The MFO Civilian Service Medal is awarded to MFO Civilian staff members not eligible for the MFO Medal, and to members of the prime Sinai Support Contractor staff in recognition of honorable service at any MFO location. Eligibility for this award will be the satisfactory completion of 12 months (minimum 360 days) of contract service with the MFO in any of its installations. However, eligibility will be considered satisfied in the event that, the award is made posthumously, or the member becomes medically unfit for further service with the MFO or the prime Sinai Support Contractor due to service-incurred injuries or illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20638862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638862" title="Cultural Studies Association">
Cultural Studies Association

The Cultural Studies Association (CSA) was founded in 2003 and is a non-profit membership association for scientific purposes in the field and discipline of cultural studies. Located in Chicago, IL, USA, the CSA is headed by an executive committee of American academics who guide the association's efforts to promote the exchange of ideas between scholars, hold annual conferences, and publish an educational journal. 
Purpose.
The goal of the CSA is to create and promote an effective community of cultural studies practitioners and scholars, to represent the discipline and its committed practitioners everywhere, and to advance cultural studies knowledges, projects, approaches, and methodologies throughout the world. Its members come from all over the world.
In the spring each year, the Cultural Studies Association holds an international annual conference. As with other professional organizations, the annual conference provides the membership an opportunity to meet and network with other professionals in the discipline, introduce students to the wider professional community, and share and discuss current efforts in cultural studies research and practice.
The Cultural Studies Association publishes its own journal, "Lateral". "Lateral", an e-publishing platform of the association, is a digital journal and production site designed to foster experimentation and collaboration among cultural studies practitioners and researchers. It is committed to critical studies of culture that advance and extend the reach of cultural studies as a field and method of inquiry and as an intellectual/political project.
Divisions.
As of 2009, the CSA had the following divisions:
Critical Feminist Studies
Critical Feminist Studies dedicates itself to work that builds upon, even as it critiques, the institutions and practices of Women's and Gender Studies, focusing in particular on transnational formations and movements, queer and sexuality studies, and politics, practices, and representations.
Sarah Rasmusson and Sabrina Starnaman (co-chairs)
Culture and War
The CSA Division on Culture and War is dedicated to scholarly and activist work on the cultural aspects of war and militarism, encompassing rhetoric and language, news and mass media, fictional texts and representations, documentary film and video, new media and other cultural forms. The Division welcomes interventionist and critical work on wars past and present, as well as on the everyday militarization of society, from historical, theoretical, global and interdisciplinary perspectives.
Cynthia Fuchs and Anthony Grajeda (co-chairs)
Cultural Studies and Film
The Cultural Studies and Film division pursues the history and cultural politics of cinema and of related media. Approaches include film theory, ethnography, political economy, and textual analysis.
Evan Heimlich (chair)
Cultural Studies and Literature
Socio-historical constructions of certain pleasures, knowledge, and experience in literature are often naturalized under the rubric of "fiction." As such, the section on Cultural Studies and Literature calls for a reading of literature that highlights its historical engagement in the social construction of knowledge and interpretation of experience.
Helen Kapstein and Caroline H. Yang (co-chairs)
Cultural Policy and Legal Studies
The cultural policy and legal studies division is concerned with the historical and contemporary processes and institutions regulating and supporting culture in public life. Bridging practice and theory, this division welcomes scholarly and activist work that addresses the wide range of government and industry policies that shape cultural industries in global, national, and local contexts. Particular attention is paid to questions of social inequality and cultural justice.
Joseph L. Terry (chair)
Environment, Space and Place
The CSA Division on Environment, Space and Place spans the union of cultural studies and geography. Approaching culture as spatial allows for powerful analyses of dominance and resistance, style, consumption, identity, ideology, as well as human-environment relations. Space and place—and representations thereof in various media—both result from and reassert force on culture. The Division welcomes discussion in all areas pertaining to environment, space and place, past and present, and encourages interdisciplinary consideration of these topics.
Douglas Herman (chair)
Globalisms
The CSA Division on Globalisms is interested in providing a forum for the voices of the globalized. With the awareness that we are beginning en media res and that we are working with a binary system that currently is not capable of providing an accurate appraisal of either process nor product, this division hopes to be able to provide support and forum for those interested in constructing a model for thinking globally, and exploring what that means, that works without reifying old distinctions.
Lesliee Antonette (chair)
Media Interventions
The Media Interventions Division provides an interdisciplinary forum for scholarship and activism related to alternative, citizens, community, and DIY media. The Division promotes theoretical development in the realm of interventionist media form, content, and practices. In
addition, the Division welcomes practitioner perspectives on the intersection between cultural studies, political economy, and prefigurative media politics.
Kevin Howley (chair)
Pedagogy (In Hiatus)
The pedagogy division includes a focus on culture and education, cultural pedagogy, and the curriculum of cultural studies. Pedagogy, broadly conceived and critically understood in this context concerns a wide range of issues taken up in cultural studies including but not limited to mass media, popular culture, subculture, public culture, nationhood, postcolonialism, political economy, identity, race, class, gender, sexuality.
Racial and Ethnic Studies
The purpose of the Racial and Ethnic Studies Division is to serve as a vehicle to mobilize the production and interrogation of research, theory, teaching, and activism directly concerned with race and ethnicity and their various dimensions (e.g., age, class, culture, economy, education, gender, history, labor, migration, nationality, politics, religion, and sexuality, among many others). Toward these ends, the encouragement of scholarly collaboration across and between disciplinary, methodological, and theoretical boundaries shall be promoted. Matthew W. Hughey (chair)
Technology
The Cultural Studies Association Technology Division is concerned with critical, indepth examinations of technologies of all kinds. While technology related studies of mediated environments, gender, sexuality, race/ethnicity, identity, information, prosthetics, pharmaceuticals, medicine, genomics, distributed consciousness, agricultural technologies and embodiment are among some of the particular contexts investigated, we do not wish to limit the division to the study of media, popular culture and computer technologies. The division is therefore concerned with the critical examination of socio-political contextual analyses of technocultures. The division is particularly interested in the historicizing of technologies old and new, ethnographies of techno-mediated environments whether in rural, urban or digital environments. The division is interested in theory building based in the examination of technologies whether old or new, rural, urban or digital.
Radhika Gajjala (chair) and Steve Luber (vice chair)
Theories of Cultural Studies
The Division of Theories of Cultural Studies is interested in promoting a broad range of theoretical work that includes not only theories of culture and its practices but also theoretical work in other areas such as politics, philosophy, language and literature studies, art, etc. as they intersect with cultural studies.
Henry Krips (chair)
Visual Culture
The CSA Visual Culture Division represents the multi- and inter-disciplinary study of the visual as a primary site for the production and contestation of meaning. The Division is thus concerned with visual forms and visuality, including images, visual media, image technologies, surveillance, theories of spectatorship, visual experience, and visual literacy.
Randal Rogers (chair)

</doc>
<doc id="20638885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638885" title="Tadahiro Ogino">
Tadahiro Ogino


</doc>
<doc id="20638886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638886" title="Paschal Hickman">
Paschal Hickman

Paschal Hickman (c. 1778-January 23, 1813) was an American military officer who was killed in the Massacre of the River Raisin, an important event in the War of 1812. Hickman County, Kentucky is named for him.
Hickman was born in King and Queen County, Virginia, a son of famous Baptist preacher Reverend William Hickman and his wife Elizabeth Shackelford. William Hickman, a veteran of the Indian Wars as well as of the Revolutionary War, is said to have preached the first Christian sermon in Kentucky.
Paschal Hickman served as a private under Gen. Anthony Wayne at the Battle of Fallen Timbers in 1794. He was an ensign in the 22d Regiment of the Kentucky Militia in 1802, and a lieutenant in 1803. Hickman married Elizabeth Hall in 1797, he and his wife had three daughters and made their home in Frankfort. Hickman stood tall and weighed 200 pounds and was the jailer of Franklin County for some years.
In August 1812, shortly after the beginning of the War of 1812, Hickman raised a company for Col. John Allen's 1st Kentucky Rifle Regiment and served as its Captain. The regiment served in the campaign under Gen. James Winchester against British Gen. Henry Procter and the Shawnee leader Tecumseh. Hickman was seriously wounded in the American victory at the First Battle of Frenchtown on January 18, 1813 and both of his legs had to be amputated. On January 22, the main British force arrived and Winchester was defeated and captured. Fearing the American army under Gen. William Henry Harrison would now move against him, Procter retreated the next day, taking the uninjured prisoners with him and leaving the seriously wounded behind. No sooner had Procter departed than his Indian allies massacred the American wounded. Paschal Hickman was reportedly dragged from a house and tomahawked to death. At least 68 other Kentuckians also died in the massacre.
""Remember the Raisin"" became a rallying cry for American troops and the United States for the remainder of the war. 
In 1822, Hickman County, Kentucky was formed and named in honor of Paschal Hickman. Eight other Kentucky counties are also named for officers who died in the battle or the following massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="20638887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638887" title="Hustisford High School">
Hustisford High School

Hustisford High School is a public high school located in Hustisford, Wisconsin. It serves students in 6th through 12th grade. It is part of the Hustisford School District and is housed in the same building as the Hustisford Junior High School (grades 6-8).
School district.
Enrollment in the Hustisford Junior/Senior High School is over 200.
Extracurricular activities.
Student activities include Academic Bowl, FFA, Forensics, Math Bowl, Marching Band, Mock Trial, National Honor Society, Pep Band, Spanish Club, Student Council, and Yearbook.
Athletics.
The Athletic Director is currently Glen Falkenthal. The sports offered in Fall include football, volleyball, and cheerleading. In Winter there is both boys and girls basketball, wrestling, and dance. In Spring there is baseball, softball, soccer.
Recognition.
The school was named one of the "Best High Schools" in America by "U.S. News & World Report" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20638891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638891" title="Yangzom Brauen">
Yangzom Brauen

__NOTOC__
Yangzom Brauen (born 18 April 1980) is a Swiss actress, activist and writer.
Brauen, the daughter of Swiss ethnologist Martin Brauen and Tibetan artist Sonam Dolma, started her acting career with small roles in Swiss television series. She had her Hollywood debut in the film "Aeon Flux" in the role of Inari. Since then, she has played in various American independent productions including a minor role in Al Pacino's "Salomaybe", an adaptation of Oscar Wilde's "Salome" and the leading part in the German film Asudem (2006) by Daryush Shokof.
In addition to her acting work, Brauen has drawn media attention with her public advocacy on behalf of the Tibetan people. In 1999, she co-organised demonstrations against Chinese leader Jiang Zemin's visit to Switzerland, and in 2001 a photograph of her being arrested in Moscow during a protest against the award of the 2008 Summer Olympics to Beijing was used in news reports worldwide.
"Eisenvogel" ("Iron Bird"), Brauen's account of her grandmother Kunsang's and her mother Sonam's flight from Tibet, and her own youth in exile, was published in 2009 and became a bestseller in Germany. It was later published in English as "Across Many Mountains".

</doc>
<doc id="20638895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638895" title="Fred DeSarro">
Fred DeSarro

Frederick DeSarro (July 3, 1937 - November 1, 1978) was an American racecar driver. He was the 1970 NASCAR National Modified Champion. In NASCAR's Modified All-Time Top 10 drivers, he was ranked eighth.
Biography.
Career.
DeSarro started his Stock car racing career at the then New London Waterford Speedbowl, then moved over to the Norwood Arena.
In 1970 Fred won the National Modified championship driving the Sonny Kozella "Woodchoper" Special #15.
In 1971 he started his association with Lenny Boehler and the "Ole Blue" #3, while Bugsy Stevens, his friend, took over driving the Kozella "Woodchopper" #15.
In 1972, DeSarro won the inaugural Spring Sizzler and went on to win the Stafford Motor Speedway Championship, and again won the Stafford Motor Speedway Championship in 1976.
The following year saw the infamous "ride swap" between DeSarro and Bugs Stevens with Freddie going to the Len Boehler Ol Blue #3. Fred won the inaugural Spring Sizzler event at Stafford in 1972 and also went on to win the Modified track championship that year as well. He was also the 1976 Modified track champion at Stafford.
In 1974 DeSarro won the first of four (1974–1977) consecutive Thompson Modified division track championships, winning 14 feature events alone during the 1974 season. Fred also won the Race of Champions at the Trenton Speedway in 1974 as well.
Fred DeSarro was critically injured during a practice session at the Thompson International Speedway on October 8, 1978. He died several weeks later.

</doc>
<doc id="20638924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638924" title="George Lambie">
George Lambie

George Lambie (April 17, 1882 – November 19, 1965) was an American soccer referee.
Biography.
Lambie was the former dean of American soccer referees. In 1915, the Bethlehem Globe described Lambie as one of the three greatest referees in American soccer. Throughout the 1920s, Lambie officiated many games key to soccer history in the US. He briefly interrupted his soccer career by returned to his native Scotland to fight for the Allies during World War II.
In 1952, he was called "one of US's most famous soccer officials" by the Sarasota Herald tribune while Lambie spent winters residing in Florida to escape the cold of New England. As recently as 2000, Lambie was recognized by the Boston Globe listing his controversial call in the 1927 game pitting the Boston Wonder Workers vs. Uruguay as the number 1 moment of the "Best Local Games of the Century". 
Lambie came to the United States in 1908 and was naturalized in 1917. He married Bridget (Beat) Rourke on October 30, 1915. They had two children: Margaret in 1921, and Catherine (Kay) in 1924. While Lambie operated his own plumbing and heating business for more than 50 years, he spent much time on the road officiating soccer games. He suffered a stroke in 1952, and moved into the home of his daughter Catherine shortly after. He was also involved in the Order of Scottish Clans. He died in 1965 and is buried in Peabody, Massachusetts.
Career highlights.
He officiated the:

</doc>
<doc id="20638943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638943" title="Alloschemone">
Alloschemone

Alloschemone is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that is endemic to the Amazon region of Brazil. There are only two species in the genus and both are extremely rare. These two species are "Alloschemone occidentalis" and "Alloschemone inopinata". At one point in history the genus "Alloschemone" was dissolved and added to "Scindapsus", but it has since been reinstated after further observations of the plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20638957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638957" title="My Cup of T">
My Cup of T

My Cup of T is the first EP by Theresa Fu, was released on July 18, 2007. A second edition was released on September 7, 2007, with music videos of all six songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20638972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20638972" title="1930–31 New York Rangers season">
1930–31 New York Rangers season

The 1930–31 New York Rangers season was the fifth season for the team in the National Hockey League. In the regular season, the Rangers finished third in the American Division with a 19-16-9 record. New York qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs, where the Rangers defeated the Montreal Maroons 8–1 in a two game, total goals series, but lost to the Chicago Black Hawks 3 goals to 0 in the semi-finals.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20639008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639008" title="Myripristis vittata">
Myripristis vittata

Myripristis vittata is a Soldierfish from the Indo-Pacific. 
Information.
The Myripristis vitiate occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 centimeters in length or about 9.8 inches. This species is usually found in small groups and sometimes forms large schools. 
Environment.
The Myripristis vitiate is recorded to be found in a marine environment within reef-associated area. They occupy the depth range of about 3 - 80 meters, but more specifically this species stays in the depth range of about 15 - 80 meters. This species is native to a tropical environment. They are recorded to swim upside down occasionally. This species is nocturnal and it feeds on plankton. 
Distribution.
The Myripristis vitiate is recorded to live in the areas of Indo-Pacific, mainly from oceanic islands, from the Mascarene Islands and Seychelles to French Polynesia, and the Hawaiian Islands. 

</doc>
<doc id="20639014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639014" title="Carim Adippe">
Carim Adippe

Carim Danielo Adippe Quijano (born 15 May 1973 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for C.D. Victoria in Honduras. He has played for several clubs in Latin America, Europe and Asia.
Club career.
Adippe has been a journeyman footballer, appearing for 22 clubs over a 16-year career. He began his professional career with C.A. Bella Vista. He spent one season with SK Slavia Praha in the Czech Gambrinus liga. Adippe played for Chacarita Juniors and Club Atlético Huracán in the Argentine Primera. He also appeared in five matches for C.S. Cartaginés in the Primera Division de Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="20639017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639017" title="Edward Skyler">
Edward Skyler

Edward "Ed" Skyler (born April 11, 1973) was Deputy Mayor for Operations for New York City, the youngest deputy mayor in New York City's history. In 2010, he was named the senior public and governmental relations executive at Citigroup.
Prior to his appointment as Deputy Mayor for Operations, Skyler served as Deputy Mayor for Administration. Skyler worked at the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation from 1995 to 1999, where he served as Deputy Chief of Staff and as the Public Information Director. He was a Deputy Press Secretary to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani. In 2000, Skyler left Giuliani's administration to work at Bloomberg LP's Corporate Communications group.
In 2001, aged 28, he joined Bloomberg for Mayor as the campaign's Press Secretary. Skyler served in that position through the transition during which time he was appointed Press Secretary to the incoming Mayor.
On March 4, 2009, Skyler, who stands 6'4", tackled a mugger in midtown Manhattan after a young woman "began screaming she had just been robbed" and he recovered her BlackBerry.
Education.
Skyler, a member of the New York State Bar, was graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and Fordham University's School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="20639019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639019" title="Myripristis jacobus">
Myripristis jacobus

Myripristis jacobus is a Soldierfish from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 cm in length.
Information.
The Myripristis jacobus can be located in a marine environment within a subtropical climate. They live in reef-associated waters. The Myripitis jacobus is recorded to be found in the Western Atlantic, Bahamas, Northern Gulf of Mexico, West Indies, the Caribbean Sea, Cape Verde, Principe, Ascension, and St. Helena islands. The biology of this species states that they can be found in coral reefs within deep waters. They are a nocturnal species. They mainly eat plankton. This species is occasionally marketed, but it is not popularly bought as a fish to eat. The Myripistis jacobus is also known as a Blackbar Soldierfish. It is a bright red color along with a black bar behind its head. It also is trimmed with white lines on its fins. This species is also found swimming upside-down at times.

</doc>
<doc id="20639031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639031" title="NCAA Division I Basketball Championship">
NCAA Division I Basketball Championship

The phrase NCAA Division I Basketball Championship may refer to:
For other NCAA Basketball Tournaments, please see:

</doc>
<doc id="20639042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639042" title="Ooh, Whatcha Gonna Do">
Ooh, Whatcha Gonna Do

"Ooh, Whatcha Gonna Do" was the first single released from Run–D.M.C.'s sixth studio album, "Down with the King". It was released on February 6, 1993, by Profile Records and was produced by legendary production team, The Bomb Squad. In the United States, the song peaked at number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number 21 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20639044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639044" title="National Film Festival for Talented Youth">
National Film Festival for Talented Youth

The National Film Festival for Talented Youth (NFFTY- pronounced nifty), held annually in Seattle, Washington, showcases work by filmmakers 22 and under from across the U.S. and the world. It was created in 2007 with the goal of becoming the most influential youth-oriented film festival in North America. The festival includes film screenings, filmmaking workshops and panels, concerts by youth bands, and a gala opening night.
NFFTY provides young filmmakers a full feature, multi-day festival experience with state-of-the-art venues, access to industry professionals, and broad public exposure. NFFTY brings very young (elementary age) through college age filmmakers together for cross mentoring and networking with industry professionals. It provides access for youth-made films to a diverse, all-ages audience.
History.
2007.
The National Film Festival for Talented Youth (NFFTY) and its non-profit parent organization, The Talented Youth, were founded by Jesse Harris, Jocelyn R.C., and Kyle Seago. Harris wrote and directed the feature film "Living Life" when he was 17, which obtained theatrical and television distribution. This resulted in young filmmakers around the globe seeking his advice including R.C., who expressed her interest in helping to form a creative youth organization. Harris and R.C. teamed up with Seago, establishing the non-profit and holding a one night “Kick Off” festival April 26, 2007.
2008.
NFFTY was expanded to a three-day festival. NFFTY Earth, a campaign to promote the power of film to bring positive changes to the environment and support social justice and encourage peace and partnership with other countries, was added to festival programming. Year round young artist and community education activities were added through the program NFFTY 365.
NFFTY 2008 included 73 film screenings, 9 industry panels and workshops over a three-day period. There were 1,800 attendees. At least one film screened at the event, “March Point”, received wider distribution through PBS.
2009.
NFFTY continued as a three-day festival, increasing its screenings from 73 to 113, including international entries for the first time. As part of its NFFTY Earth Campaign, NFFTY 2009 was certified as a carbon neutral event by carbonfund.org. A NFFTY Earth Benefit CD was produced, featuring 13 new songs from contemporary youth bands.
NFFTY 2009 increased its screenings from 73 to 113, including international entries for the first time. More than 4,000 people attended.
2010.
The organization agreed to add an additional day to the festival schedule, due to the higher than expected volume of entries. The 2010 festival featured 190 films from 33 states and 16 countries, and with over 6,000 people in attendance. A 48-hour film contest and industry speed networking were added as events.
NFFTY 2010 added an extra day to the festival due to the increase in submissions and attendees. Nearly 7,000 people attended.
2011.
With more than 700 film submissions (almost double the number from the previous year), the festival screened 225 entries from more than 20 countries and 40 US states. Once again Nike sponsored a 48-hour student filmmaking competition, and the keynote panel, moderated by Nicholas de Wolff, featured "Social Network" Producer Dana Brunetti, Web series pioneer Hayden Black, Studio marketing leader Valerie van Galder, Microsoft head of Global Community Affairs Tim Dubel, and documentary filmmaker Stan Emert. Oscar-winning filmmaker, Martin Strange-Hansen led a masterclass workshop in story structure.
NFFTY 2011 took place April 28 - May 1 and, with submissions from more than 20 countries and 40 US states, this year's festival screened 225 films, before an audience of about 10,000.
2012.
NFFTY 2012 took place April 26 - April 30 with submissions from 60+ countries and 40 US states, this year's festival screened 300+ films, before an audience of about 10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20639045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639045" title="Heteropriacanthus cruentatus">
Heteropriacanthus cruentatus

The glasseye or glass bigeye ("Heteropriacanthus cruentatus") is a species of fish found in tropical seas around the globe. It is a member of the bigeye family and the only species in the genus "Heteropriacanthus". It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20639064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639064" title="Interbilayer forces in membrane fusion">
Interbilayer forces in membrane fusion

Membrane fusion is a key biophysical process that is essential for the functioning of life itself. It is defined as the event where two lipid bilayers approach each other and then merge to form a single continuous structure. In living beings, cells are made of an outer coat made of lipid bilayers; which then cause fusion to take place in events such as fertilization, embryogenesis and even infections by various types of bacteria and viruses. It is therefore an extremely important event to study. From an evolutionary angle, fusion is an extremely controlled phenomenon. Random fusion can result in severe problems to the normal functioning of the human body. Fusion of biological membranes is mediated by proteins. Regardless of the complexity of the system, fusion essentially occurs due to the interplay of various interfacial forces, namely hydration repulsion, hydrophobic attraction and van der Waals forces. 
Inter-bilayer forces.
Lipid bilayers are structures of lipid molecules consisting of a hydrophobic tail and a hydrophilic head group. Therefore, these structures experience all the characteristic Interbilayer forces involved in that regime.
Hydration repulsion.
Two hydrated bilayers experience strong repulsion as they approach each other. These forces have been measured using the Surface forces apparatus (S.F.A), an instrument used for measuring forces between surfaces. This repulsion was first proposed by Langmuir and was thought to arise due to water molecules that hydrate the bilayers. Hydration repulsion can thus be defined as the work required in removing the water molecules around hydrophilic molecules (like lipid head groups) in the bilayer system. As water molecules have an affinity towards hydrophilic head groups, they try to arrange themselves around the head groups of the lipid molecules and it becomes very hard to separate this favorable combination.
Experiments performed through SFA have confirmed that the nature of this force is an exponential decline. The potential "VR" is given by
where "CR" (>0) is a measure of the hydration interaction energy for hydrophilic molecules of the given system, "λR" is a characteristic length scale of hydration repulsion and "z" is the distance of separation. In other words, it is on distances up to this length that molecules/surfaces fully experience this repulsion.
Hydrophobic attraction.
Hydrophobic forces are the attractive forces between any two hydrophobic groups in aqueous media, e.g. the forces between two long hydrocarbon chains in aqueous solutions. The magnitude of these forces depends on the hydrophobicity of the interacting groups as well as the distance separating them (they are found to decrease roughly exponentially with the distance). The physical origin of these forces is a debated issue but they have been found to be long-ranged and are the strongest among all the physical interaction forces operating between biological surfaces and molecules. Due to their long range nature, they are responsible for rapid coagulation of hydrophobic particles in water and play important roles in various biological phenomena including folding and stabilization of macromolecules such as proteins and fusion of cell membranes.
The potential "VA" is given by
where "CA" (<0) is a measure of the hydrophobic interaction energy for the given system, "λA" is a characteristic length scale of hydrophobic attraction and "z" is the distance of separation.
van der Waals forces in bilayers.
These forces arise due to dipole-dipole interactions (induced/permanent) between molecules of bilayers. As molecules come closer, this attractive force arises due to the ordering of these dipoles; like in the case of magnets that align and attract each other as they approach. This also implies that any surface would experience a van der waals attraction. In bilayers, the form taken by van der Waals interaction potential "VVDW" is given by
where "H" is the Hamaker constant and "D" and "z" are the bilayers thickness and the distance of separation respectively.
Background.
For fusion to take place, it has to overcome huge repulsive forces due to the strong hydration repulsion between hydrophilic lipid head groups. However, it has been hard to exactly determine the connection between adhesion, fusion and interbilayer forces. The forces that promote cell adhesion are not the same as the ones that promote membrane fusion. Studies show that by creating a stress on the interacting bilayers, fusion can be achieved without disrupting the interbilayer interactions. It has also been suggested that membrane fusion takes place through a sequence of structural rearrangements that help to overcome the barrier that prevents fusion. Thus, interbilayer fusion takes place through
Interbilayer interactions during membrane fusion.
When two lipid bilayers approach each other, they experience weak van der Waals attractive forces and much stronger repulsive forces due to hydration repulsion. These forces are normally dominant over the hydrophobic attractive forces between the membranes. Studies done on membrane bilayers using Surface forces apparatus (SFA) indicate that membrane fusion can instantaneously occur when two bilayers are still at a finite distance from each other without them having to overcome the short-range repulsive force barrier. This is attributed to the molecular rearrangements that occur resulting in the bypassing of these forces by the membranes. During fusion, the hydrophobic tails of a small patch of lipids on the cell membrane are exposed to the aqueous phase surrounding them. This results in very strong hydrophobic attractions (which dominate the repulsive force) between the exposed groups leading to membrane fusion. The attractive van der Waals forces play a negligible role in membrane fusion. Thus, fusion is a result of the hydrophobic attractions between internal hydrocarbon chain groups that are exposed to the normally inaccessible aqueous environment. Fusion is observed to start at points on the membranes where the membrane stresses are either the weakest or the strongest.
Applications.
Interbilayer forces play a key role in mediating membrane fusion, which has extremely important biomedical applications.

</doc>
<doc id="20639067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639067" title="Popeye catalufa">
Popeye catalufa

The popeye catalufa ("Pristigenys serrula") is a fish from the eastern Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 34cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20639080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639080" title="Sargocentron tiere">
Sargocentron tiere

Sargocentron tiere or the blue-lined squirrelfish is one species of Squirrelfish from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 33 cm in length.
Distribution.
This fish is found around the Hawaiian Islands. Its habitat is reef margins and outer reef slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="20639093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639093" title="Sargocentron xantherythrum">
Sargocentron xantherythrum

Sargocentron xantherythrum commonly known as Hawaiian squirrelfish or Striped Squirrelfish is a member of the Squirrelfish family that is endemic to the Hawaiian islands. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of . 
Physical description.
This fish has a red coloration with white stripes running along the body. It has sharp gill spines and rough scales that can cause the fish to be snagged in netting materials. 
Behavior.
This is a nocturnal species that is much more active at night. It inhabits seaward reefs below the surge zone, and is common near caves and ledges. It feeds mainly on worms, crustaceans and starfish. 

</doc>
<doc id="20639142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639142" title="Anadendrum">
Anadendrum

Anadendrum is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20639149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639149" title="Alligatoroidea">
Alligatoroidea

Alligatoroidea is a superfamily of crocodilians that evolved in the Late Cretaceous period. Cladistically, it is defined as "Alligator mississippiensis" (the American alligator) and all crocodylians more closely related to "A. mississippiensis" than to either "Crocodylus niloticus" (the Nile crocodile) or "Gavialis gangeticus" (the gharial).

</doc>
<doc id="20639155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639155" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1958">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1958

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1958 Australian federal election. The election was held on 22 November 1958.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Labor Senator Bill Ashley's death; this had been filled in the interim by Labor's James Ormonde. The Labor Party was defending four seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending two seats. Senators John Armstrong (Labor), John McCallum (Liberal), Albert Reid (Country) and Bill Spooner (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Five seats were up for election. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. The Labor Party was defending two seats (although Senator Condon Byrne had defected to the Queensland Labor Party). Senators Archie Benn (Labor), Walter Cooper (Country), Ben Courtice (Labor), Neil O'Sullivan (Liberal) and Dame Annabelle Rankin (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Senators Nancy Buttfield (Liberal), Clive Hannaford (Liberal), Ted Mattner (Liberal), Theo Nicholls (Labor) and Sid O'Flaherty (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats (although Senator George Cole had defected to the Democratic Labor Party). The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Senators Denham Henty (Liberal), Nick McKenna (Labor), Bob Poke (Labor), Robert Wardlaw (Liberal) and Reg Wright (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Liberal Senator John Spicer's resignation; this had been filled in the interim by Liberal George Hannan. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Senators Don Cameron (Labor), Frank McManus (Democratic Labor), Jim Sheehan (Labor) and Harrie Wade (Country) were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat. The Country Party was defending one seat. Senators Shane Paltridge (Liberal), Agnes Robertson (Country), Dorothy Tangney (Labor), Seddon Vincent (Liberal) and Don Willesee (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested Senate elections in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20639169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639169" title="USCGC Castle Rock (WAVP-383)">
USCGC Castle Rock (WAVP-383)

USCGC "Castle Rock" (WAVP-383), later WHEC-383, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard cutter in service from 1948 to 1971.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Castle Rock" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Castle Rock" (AVP-35). She was laid down on 12 July 1943 by Lake Washington Shipyard, Houghton, Washington, launched on 11 January 1944, and commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 8 October 1944. She operated in the Central Pacific during and after World War II. She was decommissioned on 6 August 1946 at San Francisco, California, and placed in reserve.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
"Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search and rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
The U.S. Navy loaned "Castle Rock" to the Coast Guard on 16 September 1948. After undergoing conversion for use as a weather-reporting ship, she was commissioned into the Coast Guard service as USCGC "Castle Rock" (WAVP-383) on 18 December 1948 at Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo, California.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
North Atlantic and Caribbean service 1948-1971.
"Castle Rock" was stationed at Boston, Massachusetts, after her commissioning. Her primary duty was to serve on ocean stations in the Atlantic Ocean to gather meteorological data. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-mile (544-square-kilometer) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress, and engaged in law enforcement operations.
In March 1956, "Castle Rock" towed the Finnish merchant ship "Sunnavik" from south of Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, to safety.
"Castle Rock" reported to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for service during the blockade of Cuba during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962.
"Castle Rock" took part in the United States Coast Guard Academy cadet cruise in May 1963 and again in August 1965. 
On 1 May 1966, "Castle Rock" was reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-383. On 26 September 1966 her period on loan to the Coast Guard ended when she was stricken from the Navy List and transferred permanently to the Coast Guard.
"Castle Rock" was stationed at Portland, Maine, beginning in 1967, with the same duties she had as during her years at Boston. On 22 February 1967 and 23 February 1967, she rescued eight people from the sinking fishing vessel "Maureen and Michael" southwest of Cape Race, Newfoundland, Canada. 
Vietnam War service 1971.
"Castle Rock" was assigned to Coast Guard Squadron Three in Vietnam in 1971. On her way to Vietnam, she suffered an engineering casualty and sank at her pier in Singapore, but continued on her way after making repairs and reported for duty with the squadron on 9 July 1971. Coast Guard Squadron Three was tasked to operate in conjunction with U.S. Navy forces in Operation Market Time, the interdiction of communist coastal arms and munitions traffic along the coastline of Vietnam during the Vietnam War. The squadron's other Vietnam War duties included fire support for ground forces, resupplying Coast Guard and Navy patrol boats, and search-and-rescue operations. "Castle Rock" served in this capacity until 21 December 1971.
"Castle Rock" earned two campaign stars for her Vietnam War service, for:
Decommissioning.
The Coast Guard decommissioned "Castle Rock" in South Vietnam on 21 December 1971, the day her Vietnam War tour ended.
Foreign service.
South Vietnamese service.
"Castle Rock" was transferred to South Vietnam on 21 December 1971 and commissioned into the Republic of Vietnam Navy as patrol vessel RVNS "Tran Binh Trong" (HQ-05). When South Vietnam collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in April 1975, "Tran Binh Trong" fled to Subic Bay in the Philippines,
On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Tran Binh Trong" and several other former "Casco"-class cutters which had been transferred to South Vietnam in 1971 and 1972 and, like "Tran Binh Trong", fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow."
Philippine Navy service.
After "Tran Binh Trong" was cleaned, repaired, and made ready to return to service, the U.S. Navy formally transferred her to the Republic of the Philippines in 5 April 1976. She was commissioned in the Philippine Navy as frigate BRP "Francisco Dagohoy" (PF-10) on 23 June 1979. She was decommissioned in June 1985, discarded in March 1993, and probably scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20639175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639175" title="German submarine U-466">
German submarine U-466

German submarine "U-466" was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" for service during World War II.
She was scuttled at sea on 19 August 1944.
She was laid down on 24 May 1941 by Deutsche Werke AG in Kiel as 'werk' 297, launched on 30 March 1942 and commissioned under "Kapitänleutnant" Gerhard Thäter, who remained with her for the rest of her career. "U-466" bore a "heart & sunburst" emblem on her conning tower.
She began her service life in the 5th U-boat Flotilla, a training organization, before moving on to the 3rd and 29th flotillas for operational duties.
"U-466" undertook five war patrols, spending a total of 182 days at sea, with no ships sunk or damaged. She was a member of five wolfpacks.
Operational career.
1st and 2nd patrols.
The U-boat departed Kiel for her first patrol on 12 January 1943. She made her way to the Atlantic from Kiel through the so-called Faeroes gap - the stretch of water between Iceland and the Faeroe Islands. She arrived in La Pallice in occupied France via a spot southeast of Greenland on the 29th.
Her second sortie also took her out into the mid-Atlantic. She departed La Pallice on 17 April 1943 and returned to the same place on 26 May after 40 days at sea.
3rd and 4th patrols.
Her third foray took her to a point off Suriname in South America. She was unsuccessfully attacked by US B-18 'Bolo' and B-24 Liberator aircraft on 23 July 1943. A day later, she was attacked by a B-24 which dropped five depth charges. This time the boat sustained damage. Five men were wounded, including the first officer.
The boat's fourth patrol was cut short when she was badly damaged following an attack by escort vessels from Convoy MKS 29. The submarine returned to her French base on 19 November 1943 after only 35 days away.
5th patrol.
Her fifth patrol involved the U-boat's passage to Toulon in southern France. This voyage included trafficking the heavily defended Strait of Gibraltar. She passed the Rock on 22 March 1944 and arrived in Toulon on the 30th, having been attacked by the British submarine . The vessel fired four torpedoes at the U-boat; they all missed.
Loss.
"U-466" was severely damaged in a USAAF raid on Toulon. As a result, she was scuttled on 19 August 1944 following the Allied invasion of southern France (Operation Dragoon). She was the last U-boat to be scuttled in the Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="20639189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639189" title="KFIZ (AM)">
KFIZ (AM)

KFIZ (1450 AM, "News Talk 1450") is a radio station licensed to serve Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, US. The station is owned by Randy Hopper's Mountain Dog Media and the license is held by RBH Enterprises, Inc. KFIZ features programming from Fox News Radio.
Programming.
KFIZ airs a News/Talk/Sports format including some programming from Fox News Radio. KFIZ is a member of the Wisconsin Radio Network for local and regional news and sports programming. KFIZ also airs programming from Pam Jahnke, Clark Howard, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, Jim Bohannon, and George Noory.
Sports programming on KFIZ includes local high school football, high school basketball, and college basketball, plus Major League Baseball as part of the Milwaukee Brewers Radio Network, NBA basketball as part of the Milwaukee Bucks Radio Network, and NFL football as a member of both the Green Bay Packers Radio Network and the Westwood One NFL Network.
History.
Founded in May 1922 by Fond du Lac businessman Oscar A. Huelsman, KFIZ was one of the first commercial radio stations in Wisconsin. One of the few American radio stations east of the Mississippi River with a "K" callsign, this station was assigned the KFIZ call letters by the United States Department of Commerce.
KFIZ began experimental broadcasting at 1100 kHz and 100 watts of power in May 1922 with licensed operation beginning in July 1923. In 1928, the station changed frequencies to 1120 kHz and again in 1930 to 1420 kHz, still at 100 watts. In 1942, KFIZ moved to its current frequency of 1450 kHz and in the mid-1940s the station increased signal power to 250 watts. KFIZ currently broadcasts with 1,000 watts of power.
Ownership.
KFIZ was founded in May 1922 under the ownership of Oscar A. Huelsman, a local automobile dealer, as a way to advertise his dealership. Soon afterward, the "Fond du Lac Commonwealth Reporter" assumed joint ownership of the station. KFIZ was owned by Reporter Printing Co. in the mid-1930s. KFIZ Broadcasting Company acquired the station in May 1946 and owned the station through the early 1960s.
In November 1986, Wisconsin Cablevision & Radio Co., Inc., completed a merger by transferring the license for this station to Donald G. Jones and Wisconsin Cablevision Inc., a partnership doing business as the Wisconsin Cablevision Partnership. The deal was approved by the FCC on December 19, 1986, and the transaction was consummated on December 28, 1986.
In September 1987, the Cablevision Partnership made a deal to sell KFIZ to Independence Broadcasting Wisconsin Corp. The deal was approved by the FCC on November 3, 1987, and the transaction was consummated on January 20, 1988.
In June 1993, Independence Broadcasting Wisconsin Corp. contracted to sell this station to Lakeside Cablevision Limited Partnership (doing business as Star Cablevision, a forerunner business to Charter Communications's Wisconsin operations). The deal was approved by the FCC on August 24, 1993, and the transaction was consummated on September 30, 1993.
In January 1997, Lakeside Broadcasting Wisconsin Limited Partnership reached an agreement to sell KFIZ to current owner RBH Enterprises, Inc., which does business as Mountain Dog Media and is operated by former state senator Randy Hopper. The deal was approved by the FCC on January 23, 1997, and the transaction was consummated on the same day.
KFIZ used CNN Radio for its national news coverage in the 1990s; around 2007, KFIZ switched affiliations to Fox News Radio. Talk show hosts like Sean Hannity replaced former local hosts.
Halloween contest.
Beginning in 1973, KFIZ has hosted a radio "Halloween Party" for the youth of the reception area. The program airs in the early evenings the Sunday prior to Halloween, and is hosted by staff announcers. Children usually are given tickets at school (or can obtain them online) to fill out and submit to the radio station. During the program, names are drawn at random, and the selected children win prizes and trips.

</doc>
<doc id="20639211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639211" title="Wang Wujun">
Wang Wujun

Wang Wujun (王武俊) (735 – August 9, 801), courtesy name Yuanying (元英), né Monuogan (沒諾干), formally Prince Zhonglie of Langye (琅邪忠烈王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a long-time "Jiedushi" of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in Shijiazhuang, Hebei) during the reign of Emperor Dezong and ruling Chengde in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial regime.
Background.
Wang Wujun was born in 735 and originally known as Muonuogan. He was from Nujie (怒皆) tribe, of Khitan stock. His grandfather was named Kenagan (可訥干), and his father was named Luju (路俱). During Emperor Xuanzong of Tang's "Kaiyuan" era (713-741), Luju followed his leader Li Shi (李詩), who took 5,000 households in crossing into Tang borders to submit to Tang. Emperor Xuanzong praised them and allowed them to live in Ji Prefecture (薊州, in modern Tianjin).
It is not known when Wang Wujun acquired the name of Wujun, but it is known that by age 14, he was known for his horsemanship and archery, and he became as famous as Zhang Alao (later known as Zhang Xiaozhong) in the region. Both of them later served the army officer Zhang Zhongzhi, who in turn served under the general An Lushan, who then controlled the region.
Service under Li Baochen (Zhang Zhongzhi).
In 755, An Lushan rebelled against Emperor Xuanzong, and soon declared himself the emperor of a new state of Yan. Zhang Zhongzhi served as a major general of the Yan state, but by 762, Yan, then with Shi Chaoyi as its emperor, was nearing final defeat, and Tang forces were entering the heart of its territory north of the Yellow River. Zhang was then defending Heng Prefecture (恆州, in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), and Wang Wujun persuaded him to submit to Tang. Zhang agreed and submitted to Tang with the five prefectures that he controlled, and turned against remaining Yan forces. Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, then emperor of Tang, bestowed the imperial surname of Li on Zhang, and Zhang thereafter became known as Li Baochen. Li Baochen was allowed to retain control over the territory he had, which was organized into Chengde Circuit, with Li Baochen as its military governor ("Jiedushi"). As Wang contributed in the subsequent campaign that cleared the territory, he was created the Prince of Weichuan.
As Li Baochen grew old and intended to pass the territory to his son Li Weiyue, he began killing a number of officers that he feared Li Weiyue could not control. However, as he took a great liking to Wang's son Wang Shizhen and gave Wang Shizhen his daughter in marriage, and Wang Shizhen subsequently gained Li Baochen's trust as well as insider information at LI Baochen's headquarters, Wang Wujun escaped the fate of many of his colleagues.
Service under Li Weiyue.
Meanwhile, Li Baochen had also been in alliance with several other military governors who were also ruling their circuits independently from the imperial regime and intending to pass their realms to their descendants — Li Zhengji the military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), Tian Chengsi the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), and Liang Chongyi the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei). When Li Baochen and Li Zhengji, in succession, died in 781, then-emperor Emperor Dezong (Emperor Daizong's son), wanting to break up the warlords' power, refused to let Li Weiyue and Li Zhengji's son Li Na inherit their fathers' positions. Li Weiyue, Li Na, Tian Chengsi's nephew and successor Tian Yue, and Liang thus prepared for war against the imperial regime. Liang was quickly defeated by Li Xilie and committed suicide, while imperial forces inflicted serious damage on Tian's and Li Na's forces. Meanwhile, Zhu Tao the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) attacked Li Weiyue from the north and was quickly able to persuade two key Chengde officers, Zhang Xiaozhong the prefect of Yi Prefecture (易州, in modern Shijiazhuang) and Kang Rizhi (康日知) the prefect of Zhao Prefecture (趙州, in modern Shijiazhuang), to submit their respective prefectures turn against Li Weiyue. When Li Weiyue tried to counterattack in spring 782, Zhu and Zhang's joint forces defeated him at Shulu (束鹿, in modern Shijiazhuang), forcing him to flee back to Chengde's capital Heng Prefecture. It was said that during the Battle of Shulu, Wang Wujun, serving as Li Weiyue's forward commander and believing that Li Weiyue was already suspicious of him, decided not to fight to the best of his ability, and that this led to the defeat.
After the defeat, Li Weiyue was even more suspicious of Wang, but his advisors pointed out that there was no one other than Wang who would be capable to command the army. Li Weiyue thus commissioned Wang, assisted by Wei Changning (衛常寧), to attack Zhao Prefecture, and put Wang Shizhen in charge of security at headquarters. Wang Wujun was relieved to get to leave Heng Prefecture, and once he exited the city, initially wanted to flee to Zhang. Wei pointed out that Emperor Dezong had issued an edict promising to give the offices that Li Weiyue wanted to whoever would cut off Li Weiyue's head and advocated for an attack on Li Weiyue. Wang Wujun thus notified Wang Shizhen and involved Li Weiyue's close associate Xie Zun (謝遵) in the plot at well. He made a surprise attack against Heng Prefecture, and Wang Shizhen and Xie opened the city gates to welcome him. Wang Wujun killed Li Weiyue and his associates and surrendered to the imperial government.
Rebellion against Emperor Dezong.
Emperor Dezong, in the aftermaths, divided Chengde's seven prefectures into three smaller circuits — with Zhang Xiaozhong receiving three prefectures and the title of military governor of the newly created Yidingcang Circuit (易定滄, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei, later renamed Yiwu Circuit (義武)), while Wang Wujun and Kang Rizhi received two prefectures each with lesser titles of military prefect (團練使, "Tuanlianshi"), of Hengji (恆冀) and Shenzhao (深趙, both headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang). This displeased both Zhu Tao and Wang — as Zhu had wanted Emperor Dezong to give him Shen Prefecture (深州, in modern Hengshui, Hebei), which went to Kang instead (Emperor Dezong gave Zhu two prefectures on paper, De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong), both then still held by Li Na, and Wang believed that Emperor Dezong had reneged on the promise to reward him with the positions that Li Weiyue had wanted. He was further fearful when he received orders to provide Zhu's army with food and Ma Sui's army (which was then attacking Tian Yue) with horses, believing that Emperor Dezong might be using those orders to divert his power and getting ready to attack him next.
Tian, hearing of Zhu's disaffection, sent emissaries to Zhu to persuade him to turn against the imperial forces and aid him. Zhu agreed, and in turn sent emissaries to Wang, persuading him to join the alliance as well and agreeing to give him Shen Prefecture, which Zhu occupied at the time. Wang was pleased, and agreed to join him and Tian. (Zhu also tried to persuade Zhang to join the alliance, but Zhang refused.) When Emperor Dezong sent emissaries to order Zhu and Wang to advance south against Tian, Wang arrested the imperial emissaries and delivered them to Zhu, thus openly turning against imperial authority. Zhu, as promised, transferred control of Shen Prefecture to Wang, while sending forces to join Wang's in sieging Kang at Zhao Prefecture.
However, by this point, Tian was in desperate straits under siege from imperial forces commanded by Ma, Li Baozhen, and Li Qiu (李艽) at his capital Wei Prefecture (魏州). Zhu and Wang thus advanced south to relieve him, and as they arrived, so did additional imperial forces commanded by Li Huaiguang. Against Ma's advice of waiting until his soldiers had enough rest, Li Huaiguang decided to battle Zhu and Wang immediately. He had initial successes, but Wang cut his soldiers off from each other with a charge, leading to a major defeat for the imperial forces. Zhu and Wang then tried to cut off the imperial troops escape, but Ma then promised to request that Emperor Dezong put Zhu in charge of the entire region north of the Yellow River. Despite Wang's stern opposition, Zhu believed him and did not pursue imperial forces further, so the imperial forces were able to withdraw over a river from Wei Prefecture, and were able to take up a posture against the rebel forces, thus putting the armies into a stalemate. Zhu, seeing that he had been tricked by Ma, apologized to Wang, but Wang, while accepting the apology, thereafter resented Zhu.
In the aftermaths of the imperial forces' defeat, Tian was grateful to Zhu, and offered to subjugate himself and Wang to Zhu — in effect, offering the emperor title to Zhu. Zhu declined, crediting Wang rather than himself for the victory. At the suggestion of Zhu's staff member Li Ziqian (李子千) and Wang's staff member Zheng Ru (鄭濡), they decided to each claim a princely title to show independence from imperial authority, but keep Tang's era name in order not to completely break from Tang. On December 9, 782, in an elaborate ceremony, Zhu claimed the title of Prince of Ji; Wang claimed the title of Prince of Zhao; Tian claimed the title of Prince of Wei; and they issued a letter offering Li Na the title of Prince of Qi. They also established administrations with governmental structures paralleling the Tang imperial government to further show independence, although the titles were intentionally different than Tang's to show some subordination.
As self-proclaimed Prince of Zhao.
Meanwhile, though, as Zhu Tao's and Wang Wujun's troops were continuing to battle Tang imperial troops on Tian Yue's soil, all three of them were becoming financially drained. They pinned their hopes on alliance with Li Xilie, who had even greater pretensions, who was then ruling Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Xuchang, Henan), which was then wealthy. They, along with Li Na, thus sent emissaries to Huaixi, suggesting to Li Xilie that he take imperial title. Li Xilie did not do so immediately, but began to claim titles greater than the ones bestowed him by Emperor Dezong. (Li Xilie would eventually declare himself to be the emperor of a new state of Chu in spring 784, although without further pledge of allegiance by the four.)
Meanwhile, in summer 783, an incident would occur to further to erode the alliance between Zhu and Wang. The imperial general Li Sheng had wanted to cut off the supply lines between Lulong and Weibo by capturing Lulong's Zhuo (涿州, in modern Baoding) and Mo (莫州, in modern Cangzhou) Prefectures, and therefore joined forces with Zhang Xiaozhong's son Zhang Shengyun (張昇雲) in sieging Zhu's general Zhang Jingji (鄭景濟) at Qingwan (清苑, in modern Baoding). Zhu left his general Ma Shi (馬寔) at Weibo and personally relieved Qingwan, defeating Li Sheng and Zhang Shengyun and forcing them to withdraw back to Yi Prefecture, under Zhang Xiaozhong's control. Upon defeating Li Sheng and Zhang Shengyun, however, Zhu did not immediately return to Weibo, and Wang sent his subordinate Song Duan (宋端) to Zhu, urging him to return to Weibo as soon as possible. When Song met Zhu, Song was harsh in his words, and Zhu threw a fit of anger -- causing Wang to be fearful and to apologize to Ma in person. Zhu's angers subsided, and it was said that he continued to treat Wang as an ally, but that Wang's secret resentment toward Zhu grew even more. Wang subsequently responded to an overture by Li Baozhen into forming a secret alliance, although he also continued in alliance with Zhu, Tian, and Li Na.
In fall 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), then at Chang'an in preparation for deployment to the Weibo front, were angry that they were not given sufficient rewards, and they mutinied, forcing Emperor Dezong to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). The mutineers supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci — who had previously served as a major imperial general but who been forced into retirement after Zhu Tao turned against the imperial government — as their leader. Zhu Ci subsequently declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin, and he created Zhu Tao crown prince. Zhu Tao, upon receiving the communique from Zhu Ci, immediately spread the news to the other circuits in hopes that they would declare for Zhu Ci as well. Upon news of Emperor Dezong's flight to Fengtian arriving at the imperial camp at Weibo, the imperial troops scattered, with Li Huaiguang heading for Fengtian to aid Emperor Dezong, and Ma Sui, Li Baozhen, and Li Qiu returning to their respective circuits. Upon the imperial troops' withdrawal, Zhu Tao and Wang also withdrew to their own circuits. Meanwhile, Zhu Tao, who had earlier married a daughter of a Huige khan, requested aid from Huige. Huige sent 3,000 soldiers to aid Zhu Tao in his efforts to further advance south to capture the eastern capital Luoyang. However, by this point, Li Baozhen had persuaded Wang to turn against Zhu Tao — pointing out that if Zhu Tao and Zhu Ci were successful together, Wang would be under their control and further that Zhu's title of Prince of Ji showed implicit ambition to possess Wang's Ji Prefecture (冀州, in modern Hengshui). Emperor Dezong also sent messengers to Tian and Li Na, urging them to turn against Zhu Tao as well, and when Emperor Dezong declared a general pardon in spring 784 — the scope of which included even Zhu Tao, Wang, Tian, Li Na, and Li Xilie and implicitly promising them that if they submitted to nominal imperial authority again, he would not dare to interfere with them again — Wang, Tian, and Li Na all renounced their self-claimed royal titles.
Resubmission to Emperor Dezong.
As a result of Wang Wujun's removal of his own royal title, Emperor Dezong recommissioned him as the military governor of Chengde Circuit — adding Kang Rizhi's two prefectures to his territory, although not Zhang Xiaozhong's three prefectures. He also soon made Wang the military governor of Lulong Circuit as well, intending to use Wang's ambitions against Zhu Tao. Emperor Dezong also made Wang an honorary chancellor with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), made him "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies), and created him the Prince of Langye. However, Zhu, unaware of this development, began his plan of march toward Luoyang in early 784. He went through Chengde and Weibo with great ceremonies of welcome from Wang and Tian Yue. Eventually, when Zhu reached Yongji (永濟, in modern Handan) and requested that Tian join him in advancing to Luoyang, Tian refused. This drew Zhu's anger, and he divided his troops, along with Huige troops, in attacking several different Weibo cities. Tian put up his defense at Wei Prefecture, waiting for aid; while he was doing so, he was assassinated and succeeded by his cousin Tian Xu (Tian Chengsi's son), and while Zhu rejoiced at the news and Tian Xu initially made overtures to Zhu, Tian Xu eventually continued Tian Yue's policies, continuing to be allied with imperial forces under Li Baozhen and Ma Sui. Zhu thus continued to siege two primary cities of Weibo — with Zhu himself sieging Bei Prefecture (貝州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei), defended by the Weibo general Xing Caojun (邢曹俊), and Ma Shi sieging Wei Prefecture, but could not capture either. Meanwhile, Li Baozhen and Wang had joined their forces and advanced into Weibo territory. Hearing the news, Ma Shi lifted the siege on Bei Prefecture and joined forces with Zhu. When Zhu prepared to battle Wang and Li Baozhen the next day, Ma Shi, citing the fact that his soldiers at just travelled a substantial distance, requested a few days of rest. However, the Huige general assisting Zhu, as well as Yang Bu (楊布) and Cai Xiong, advocated for immediate attack. The next day, May 29, 784, the armies battled, and the overly confident Zhu was defeated by Wang's and Li Baozhen's forces. Over 10,000 of his 30,000 soldiers were killed, and over 10,000 deserted. Zhu, with a few thousand remaining soldiers, feared annihilation at Wang's and Li Baozhen's hands and fled to De Prefecture. Wang and Li Baozhen were unable to give chase because of dense fog. After defeating Zhu, Wang returned to Heng Prefecture and declined the additional title of military governor of Lulong, and Emperor Dezong agreed. Soon, with Wang continuing to attack Zhu, Zhu resubmitted to Tang authority as well.
Meanwhile, in the aftermaths of Wang's and Li Baozhen's victory over Zhu, De and Di Prefectures, which Zhu had taken over, surrendered to Wang and were incorporated into Chengde, formally under the command of Wang's son Wang Shizhen. By 790, however, Zhao Gao (趙鎬) the prefect of Di Prefecture had offended Wang and was refusing Wang's summons. Meanwhile, there were rumors that Li Na, whom Tian Xu's older brother Tian Chao (田朝) served under as prefect of Qi Prefecture (齊州, in modern Ji'nan, Shandong), was planning to escort Tian Chao back to Weibo to vie for control of Weibo Circuit. Tian Xu feared this, and, under suggestion by his staff member Sun Guangzuo (孫光佐), he sent gifts to Li Na to please him and persuade him to send Tian Chao to Chang'an — and further suggested Li Na to accept Zhao's submission. Li Na therefore accepted Zhao's surrender and took Di Prefecture, despite Wang's attacks. Tian further cemented the relationship with Li Na by sending Sun to Pinglu's headquarters at Yun Prefecture (鄆州), announcing an imperial edict (which Tian Xu had forged) declaring Di Prefecture to be part of Pinglu Circuit. In anger, Wang Wujun sent his son Wang Shiqing (王士清) to attack Weibo's Bei Prefecture (貝州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei), occupying four counties of Bei Prefecture. In winter 790, Emperor Dezong, wanting to put an end to the campaigns between these circuits, ordered Li Na to return Di Prefecture to Chengde; Li Na demanded that Wang return the four counties of Bei Prefecture to Weibo first. Wang did so, and subsequently, Li Na returned Di Prefecture to Chengde.
In 792, Li Na died, and his son Li Shigu succeeded him. Wang Wujun felt that he could take advantage of Li Shigu's youth, and therefore sent an army to De and Di Prefectures, readying an attack on two Pinglu forts — Geduo (in modern Binzhou) and Sancha (三汊). Li Shigu sent Zhao to defend against the expected attack. Emperor Dezong sent eunuchs to order them to stop fighting, and thereafter Wang withdrew. Meanwhile, in 793, after an incident when Zhang Xiaozhong's son Zhang Shenglin (張昇璘), whose older brother Zhang Shengyun (張昇雲) had succeeded their father Zhang Xiaozhong as military governor of Yiwu in 791 after Zhang Xiaozhong's death and who was also a son-in-law of Li Na's, publicly cursed Wang, Wang submitted an accusation against Zhang Shenglin for disrespect. Emperor Dezong ordered that Zhang Shenglin be removed from his office as military prefect of Hai Prefecture (海州, in modern Lianyungang, Jiangsu) and detained. However, Wang used this excuse to attack Yiwu, capturing Yifeng (義豐, in modern Baoding) and seizing 10,000 people. Only after repeated apologies by Zhang Shengyun did Wang withdraw.
In 794, when Li Baozhen died, his son Li Jian (李緘) tried to take control of his Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) and sought material aid (in forms of a loan) from Wang. Wang firmly rebuked him, and subsequently, without support from neighboring circuits or Zhaoyi's own officers, Li Jian gave up his attempt to seize the circuit. In 796, Emperor Dezong bestowed on Wang the greater honorary chancellor title of "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令). Wang died in 801 and was posthumously honored with the same ceremony that had been used for the great general Hun Zhen. Wang Shizhen succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="20639226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639226" title="Feel the Blade">
Feel the Blade

Feel the Blade is a 2008 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. It is actually a re-release of Elegy for the Weak, originally released under the name of Occult, the prior incarnation of Legion of the Damned under singer Rachel Heyzer, and contains an altered tracklist. Lyrical topics on the album include horror motifs, the devastation of nuclear war and violent occult themes. Serial murder plays a more prominent role in this album than in later writings, with "Nocturnal Predator" about Richard Ramirez actually quoting the killer in the lyrics ("Lucifer dwells within us all"[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=950DE0D61438F931A25752C1A96F948260]). The final bonus track is a cover of a Pestilence song.

</doc>
<doc id="20639249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639249" title="Akira Kitaguchi">
Akira Kitaguchi


</doc>
<doc id="20639262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639262" title="Romilda Pantaleoni">
Romilda Pantaleoni

Romilda Pantaleoni (1847 – 20 May 1917) was an Italian soprano who had a prolific opera career in Italy during the 1870s and 1880s. She sang a wide repertoire that encompassed bel canto roles, Italian and French grand opera, verismo operas, and the German operas of Richard Wagner. She became particularly associated with the roles of Margherita in Boito's "Mefistofele" and the title role in Ponchielli's "La Gioconda"; two roles which she performed in opera houses throughout Italy. She is best remembered today for originating the roles of Desdemona in Giuseppe Verdi's "Otello" (1887) and Tigrana in Giacomo Puccini's "Edgar" (1889). Universally admired for her acting skills as well as her singing abilities, Pantaleoni was compared by several critics to the great Italian stage actress Eleonora Duse. 
Biography.
Pantaleoni was born into a musical family in Udine, Italy. Her father, Luigi Pantaleoni (?–1872), was a composer and her brother, Adriano Pantaleoni (1837–1908), also became a successful opera singer. She studied singing in Milan under R. Rossi, B. Prati, and Francesco Lamperti before making her professional opera début at the Teatro Carcano in Jacopo Foroni's "Margherita" in 1868. She appeared in operas throughout Italy over the next fifteen years, including performances in Rome, Genoa, Modena, Naples, Turin, and Brescia. Her repertoire included such roles as Mathilde in Rossini's "Guillaume Tell", Paolina in Donizetti's "Poliuto", Sélika in Meyerbeer's "L'Africaine", Marguerite in Gounod's "Faust", and Elsa in Wagner's "Lohengrin". She also was known for her portrayals of Verdi heroines including: Leonora in both "Il trovatore" and "La forza del destino", Amelia in "Un ballo in maschera", Elisabeth de Valois in "Don Carlos" and the title role in "Aida".
In 1874 Pantaleoni sang the role of Isabella in the world premiere of Antônio Carlos Gomes' "Salvator Rosa" at the Teatro Carlo Felice in Genoa. The following year she sang the role of Margherita in Boito's "Mefistofele" at the Teatro Regio di Torino. Her performance was greatly admired and is considered by music historians to be one of the reasons that Boito's opera enjoyed a renewed popularity after its less than enthusiastic reception in 1868. In 1884 she appeared in several opera with the Vienna State Opera, the only time that she performed outside of Italy.
Pantaleoni joined the roster at La Scala in 1883, making her debut in the title role of "La Gioconda". She performed numerous roles at La Scala over the next eight years including Valentine in Meyerbeer's "Les Huguenots" (1884), Anna in Puccini's "Le villi" (1885), the title role in the world premiere of Amilcare Ponchielli's "Marion Delorme" (1885), Desdemona in the first performance of Verdi's "Otello" (1887), and Tigrana in the world premiere of Puccini's "Edgar" (1889) among others. 
She retired from the stage in 1891 after the death of conductor Franco Faccio, who was her longtime lover. Her last performance was as Santuzza in La Scala's first production of Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana". She died in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="20639298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639298" title="List of lakes of Nova Scotia">
List of lakes of Nova Scotia

This is a list of lakes in Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20639320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639320" title="VeeV">
VeeV

VeeV Spirits LLC is the first carbon neutral spirit brand and is an active member of 1% for the Planet® where one percent of VeeV’s sales are donated to rainforest preservation and environmental causes and was ranked by Inc. Magazine (September 2011) as one of the 250 fastest growing companies and brands in the U.S.
History.
VeeV® Spirits, LLC was founded by brothers Courtney Reum and Carter Reum in Los Angeles in 2007. Inspired by the superfruit power of the açaí berry, the Reum brothers changed the alcohol industry by introducing VeeV®, The World’s First Açaí Spirit®. What started as a two-man start-up grew into one of the best-selling independent liquor brands in the U.S. Their social-entrepreneurship has captured the attention of other socially conscious entrepreneurs such as 
Tom's Shoes founder Blake Mycoskie and Richard Branson and both have mentioned VeeV Spirits LLC in their case studies on business.
Products.
VeeV® Spirits manufactures 2 product lines: VeeV, an açaí Spirit, and VeeV VitaFrute™, which is the first line of organic and all-natural super-fruit cocktails, and comes in three varieties: Cosmopolitan, Lemonade, and Margarita.
Distribution.
VeeV and VitaFrute are sold nationwide in major liquor stores and retailers including Ralphs, Publix, Safeway, Total Wine and Spirits.
Press.
The Tasting Panel
Blackbook.com (Dec/Jan Issue)
Huffington Post (December 2010)
VeeV is an açaí-infused wheat based grain alcohol liquor distilled in Idaho. The 60-proof liquor was launched in 2007 by brothers, Courtney and Carter Reum. It is marketed as the first and only distilled spirit made from the açaí berry. VeeV also contains Vitamin C-rich acerola cherry and prickly pear, which is believed to combat hangovers. In addition, VeeV is a carbon neutral spirit, and for every bottle purchased, the company donates $1 towards tropical rainforest conservation in Brazil.
Awards.
VeeV was awarded a score of 83 (out of 100) from the Beverage Testing Institute in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20639321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639321" title="Bart Griemink">
Bart Griemink

Bart Griemink (born 29 March 1972, in Oss, Netherlands) is a former Dutch professional football goalkeeper.
He has played in the Football League with Birmingham City, Barnsley, Peterborough United, Swindon Town and Southend United. He then played for Boston Town in the United Counties League for two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20639322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639322" title="Smiling (album)">
Smiling (album)

Smiling is first studio album by Theresa Fu, released on July 23, 2008. Her two photo albums, "Gracious" and "Sensuous", were released on the same date. 
Its second edition was released on August 15, 2008, and included four music videos and footage of her trip to Japan.
Track listing.
Second edition bonus DVD:

</doc>
<doc id="20639326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639326" title="CBKN">
CBKN

CBKN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20639336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639336" title="Coastal Link Ferries">
Coastal Link Ferries

Coastal Link Ferries is a ferry company in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada. 
Its vessel, the "Coastal Runner", began service in October 2008 between Bowen Island and Vancouver Public Dock in Coal Harbour. The crossing takes 40 minutes.
The vessel carries 67 passengers and has wi-fi, washrooms, and tables for passengers.
In October 2009, the company was unanimously approved by the West Vancouver city council to run a 6 month trial connecting the 14th Street Pier in West Vancouver and Coal Harbour with a 15 minute ferry trip.

</doc>
<doc id="20639342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639342" title="Plot (radar)">
Plot (radar)

In naval terminology a Plot is a graphic display that shows all collated data from a ship's on-board sensors i.e. radar, sonar and EW systems. They also displayed information from external sources i.e. other vessel or aircraft reports. There are four different types of plot, each with varying capabilities i.e. range, depending on their role;
Air Plot: Used for tracking air contacts i.e. planes and EW information
Surface Plot: Used for tracking contacts on the surface of the water i.e. other ships. It can also perform a variety of roles such as;
Sub-Surface Plot: Used for tracking contacts below the surface of the water i.e. submarines
General Operations Plot: Used for tracking shipping on a large scale chart. Was also used to display exercise boundaries, airlanes and other significant features of maritime interest. In the R.A.N. the scale used was generally 5 miles to 1 inch OR 10 miles to 1 inch.

</doc>
<doc id="20639360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639360" title="Emperor red snapper">
Emperor red snapper

Lutjanus sebae, the emperor red snapper, also known as the government bream, is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. This species is an inhabitant of both rocky and coral reefs, preferring flat areas with either a sandy or gravel substrate. They can be found at depths of from . This species can reach a length of FL though most do not exceed TL. The greatest recorded weight for this species is . This species is commercially important and is also farmed. It is also sought as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20639365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639365" title="Ski to Sea Race">
Ski to Sea Race

The Ski to Sea Race (S2S), widely known as the Ski to Sea, is a seven-legged, long, multi-event competition held on Memorial Day in Whatcom County. The race starts on the ski slopes of Mount Baker, a volcano, and ends at Marine Park in Fairhaven, on the shore of Bellingham Bay. The seven legs of the race are: cross country skiing, downhill skiing, running, bicycling, canoeing, mountain biking, and finally kayaking. The Ski to Sea Race is managed by Whatcom Events, with a race committee that includes a race director, a race coordinator, and one or two chairmen to oversee each event, along with hundreds of volunteers and student interns.
History.
The Ski to Sea has its origins in the Mount Baker Marathons of 1911–1913. The early races ran from the city of Bellingham to the top of Mount Baker and back. The event was canceled after a runner fell into a crevasse. The Ski to Sea would be a toned-down version of those races where people race from the ski slopes of Mount Baker to Bellingham Bay. 
The race was first proposed in a letter written in 1966 from Fred Elsethagen to Bill Herb, the president of the Bellingham Chamber of Commerce. The name of the race came from the Bellingham slogan of "Sea to Ski in Sixty Minutes", referring to the proximity of Mount Baker's ski slopes to Bellingham, which sits on a bay of the Strait of Georgia.
The first official Ski to Sea race premiered 1973 as a side event to "Blossom Time". The first race had 177 people racing in a total of fifty teams. During the first four years, the legs of the race were run separately, and their times added up to produce a total team time; this left racers and spectators waiting several hours after the race concluded to find out who had won. Since 1977 the race has been a continuous event, with the exception of 2008 when the canoe leg was cancelled because of unsafe river conditions.
By 1977, the Ski to Sea Race had become so popular that the entire Blossom Time festival was renamed Blossom Time Ski to Sea. Six years later, "Blossom Time" was removed and the event became known simply as the Ski to Sea. Even the parade was renamed the Ski to Sea Parade. Today the Ski to Sea is considered an entire weekend-long event that is centered around the race. More than 400 teams with over three thousand racers participate in the race. Tens of thousands of spectators gather along the sidelines to watch and participate in fair-like events throughout Bellingham, Ferndale and Fairhaven near the finish line at Marine Park.
Legs.
The original letter written by Fred Elsethagen recommended nine events: skiing, mountaineering, canoeing, kayaking, horseback riding, water skiing, running, fishing boat and sailboat. Over the years all but four (mountaineering, horse back riding, fishing boat, waterskiing) of these events have been used, and only one not recommended (bicycling) has been added.
When the Ski to Sea debuted in 1973, the race covered in three legs: downhill skiing, bicycling, and canoeing or kayaking the Nooksack River. Over the next twenty years, the Ski to Sea would grow to seven legs covering . It has also become a continuous event, with a token (wrist-band or timing chip) passed from one teammate to the other at the end of each leg. Though the race has always kept the various legs in the same order, over the years most legs had been modified in one form or another. Some legs have changed the methods used to complete them, and most have adjusted their lengths on at least one occasion. The bicycling leg has changed length a total of nine times with the shortest distance being and the longest being .
Cross country skiing.
Cross country skiing, added in 1979, kicks off the Race. This leg consists of two figure-eight loops, beginning and ending at the upper Mount Baker Ski area. It has been extended from one mile in the first three years to four and a half miles at present.
Downhill skiing/snowboarding.
Downhill skiing is one of the original components of the race. Skiers hike uphill and then ski back to near their starting point.
Running.
Added in 1975, the third stage of the race is an eight-mile (13 km) foot race down the Mount Baker Highway, from the upper Mount Baker ski area to the Shuksan Department of Transportation station. The runners drop over two thousand feet in elevation. To further the difficulties, the racers are running on hard asphalt. The running leg has been the most unchanged of the events. The first two years' running leg was five miles (8 km) long. The third year running was seven miles (11 km). The fourth year, in 1979, the running leg was extended to eight miles (13 km) and has remained unchanged since that time.
Bicycling.
Bicycling, the longest leg of the race, was one of the original components of the 1973 event. The bicycle leg passes through the towns of Glacier and Maple Falls, and eventually leaves the Mount Baker Highway for Kendall road. The bicycle leg finishes on the banks of the Nooksack River in the town of Everson, where the canoe leg picks up. The bicycling leg has changed distance on eight different occasions. It debuted at , and would later grow to a maximum distance of . Since 1987 the bicycling leg has been long. In 2010, the distance will again be as the bikes go north from Maple Falls on Silver Lake Road.
Canoeing.
Canoeing was one of the original events from the 1973 race. The canoe leg is the second longest, and covers . When first introduced in 1973, this leg allowed both two-man canoes and one-man kayaks. After sea kayaks were made the only mode of transportation for the final leg of the race, they were eliminated as an option for the Nooksack River leg of the race. This leg of the race starts in Everson and ends at Hovander Park in Ferndale.
The canoe leg was canceled in 2008 (and almost canceled in 1997) because of the unsafe level of the Nooksack River. This is the only leg to have ever been canceled.
This is possibly the most dangerous part of the race. Though no one has ever been killed in the 37 years of the Ski to Sea, Lorri Rasmussen of Bellingham was killed in 2002 while training for the race. Her canoe tipped and she was swept up in a log jam.
Mountain biking.
Added in 1990, the mountain bike leg stretches from the banks of the Nooksack river in Hovander Park to Squalicum Harbor on Bellingham Bay.
The course was updated in 2011 to be approximately long and now includes a pre-ride on the Saturday before the race.
Kayaking Bellingham Bay.
The Bellingham Bay leg was added in 1980, and it was made exclusively a kayaking event in 1992. The final leg of the event that stretched across Bellingham Bay was added to tie in the Ski to Sea name and to add a more exciting finish to the race. Originally this leg used Hobie cats, though sailboats were allowed in 1981. In 1990 the choice of sailboats or sea kayaks was added for this leg of the Ski to Sea Race. Two years later, the leg was restricted to kayaks, because wind to move sailboats is unreliable on Bellingham Bay.
Today, kayakers paddle across Bellingham Bay from Squalicum Harbor on the north side of Bellingham to Marine Park in Fairhaven on the south side of Bellingham, then beach their kayaks and run across land to ring a bell at the finish line.
The baton.
The first several races used an actual baton. Later, necklace medallions were added and racers had to place the medallion over around the neck of their teammate as they tagged off to the next event. For many years, a sweatband, worn on the wrist, took the place of the medallion. Racers would pass the sweatband to their teammate racing the next leg at the transition points. In recent years, the race has used transponder timing and teams have carried an electronic timing chip attached to a lanyard. The chip is swiped at the start of the race and is carried by the lanyard that is traded off from one teammate to the other at the exchange of each leg. At the transition point for each leg of the race, the chip is swiped again to register the end time of the previous leg, and the start of the next. The chip has to be swiped at the end of the race by the kayaker after ringing the ceremonial bell. For the 2011 edition of the race, the chip was mounted to a neoprene wristband instead of a lanyard.
Divisions.
Although everyone races in the same Ski to Sea Race, teams registered in eight divisions: Competitive, Whatcom County, Recreational, High School, Masters, Veterans, Family, and Corporate. Three of the divisions (Competitive, Whatcom County, and Recreational) are further divided by "Open" (three or fewer females), "Mixed" (four or more females), and "Female" (women only). Typically almost half of the teams register in the Recreational division, and about a quarter in the Competitive divisions. Since the divisions were established almost every winning team has come from the Competitive division, with only one winning team in 1987 coming from the Whatcom County division.
In the past, when different types of boats were allowed in the water events, further subdivisions existed accordingly.

</doc>
<doc id="20639371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639371" title="Gail Rosseau">
Gail Rosseau

Gail Linskey Rosseau (born c. 1956), is director of skull base surgery of NorthShore University HealthSystem NorthShore University HealthSystem She is board-certified and has been an examiner for the American Board of Neurological Surgery. She has been elected to the leadership of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, World Federation of Neurosurgical Societies, and the Société de Neurochirurgie de Langue Française.
Her practice includes a wide range of neurosurgery, with expertise in caring for patients with cranial base disorders. This includes extensive experience with pituitary tumors, meningiomas, acoustic neuromas, and head and neck malignancies. She is the author of dozens of papers, invited lectures and courses in these topics, including a co-authored white paper with Women in Neurosurgery titled "The Future of Neurosurgery."
Rosseau is one of 300 female neurosurgeons in the United States, out of a total of more than 3,000 practicing neurosurgeons. She writes and speaks often in the U.S. and abroad on neurosurgical topics. Her most frequent subjects include innovative treatments for patients with pituitary tumors, trigeminal neuralgia, meningiomas and normal pressure hydrocephalus. She pioneered the use of minimally invasive endoscopic surgery for treatment of pituitary tumors. Her current research funding is for clinical trials in breast cancer metastasis and idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus.
In December 2008, Rosseau was on a short list for then-President-elect Barack Obama's nomination for Surgeon General of the United States. On March 5, 2009, another candidate for Surgeon General, CNN medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta, announced he was withdrawing himself from consideration, thus strengthening speculation that Rosseau remained a primary candidate.
Rosseau’s association with President Obama dates to 2003. She served on the finance committees and women’s committees for both his senatorial and presidential campaigns. She also acted as his surrogate speaker on healthcare issues during the primary and general presidential election campaigns.
Her candidacy for Surgeon General has been supported by the American Medical Association, American College of Neurosurgeons, American Association of Neurological Surgeons, the Congress of Neurological Surgeons, and the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons in addition to a number of patient groups.
Rosseau is the recipient of many honors and awards, including Chicago Woman Mentor of the Year and the 2008–2009 American Association of Neurological Surgeons/American College of Surgeons Health Policy Fellowship. She has been awarded the Harry B. Zehner, Jr., Memorial Traveling Fellowship award of the American College of Surgeons.
She has been listed in Best Doctors in America, "Who’s Who in America" and the Consumer Research Council’s "Guide to America's Top Surgeons". She has served on the FDA Advisory Council for Neurological Devices in addition to a number of national and international leadership positions in organized neurosurgery.
Public broadcasting network medical programs "Second Opinion" and "60 Minutes II" have featured Rosseau, in addition to national and local network television and radio programs. She has been cited in articles from printed periodicals such as the "Chicago Tribune", "The Wall Street Journal", "The Washington Post", "Chicago Sun Times", and "The Desert Sun". A March 2007 article in "More" magazine profiled her research into the connection between breast cancer and brain metastases. A profile on Rosseau appeared in the September 2009 issue of "Ladies Home Journal".
Rosseau has addressed annual meetings of organizations such as The Chicagoland Youth Football League(TCYFL)2011 Coaches Day,</ref> http://www.tcyfl.net/details.php?id=16&cat_id=0 the Brain Injury Association of Illinois and ThinkFirst, the national injury prevention association. She addressed the 14th Annual World Congress of Neurological Surgery on August 30, 2009 in Boston. Duke University’s Terry Sanford School of Public Policy featured her as their keynote speaker on October 3, 2009.
Rosseau devotes considerable energy to philanthropic endeavors. She is the volunteer coordinator of the Foundation for International Education in Neurosurgery, which sends volunteer neurosurgeons to the developing world. She is on the board of directors of the World Federation of Neurosurgical Societies Foundation, which raises funds and donations-in-kind to provide equipment for neurosurgical services in the developing world.
She is actively involved in promoting religious pluralism, serving on the board of directors of the Interfaith Youth Core. Rosseau also serves on the board of trustees at Dominican University in River Forest, Illinois.
With her children she has launched a head and spine injury prevention initiative for children in French-speaking Africa.
Education and training.
Rosseau completed her neurosurgical residency training at George Washington University in Washington, DC after graduating from its medical school. She completed a fellowship in cranial base and microvascular surgery at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania and a cranial base surgery fellowship at Val-de-Grâce in Paris, France.
Additional references.
Pioneer Press Publication. Retrieved on July 2, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20639373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639373" title="Symphorichthys spilurus">
Symphorichthys spilurus

Symphorichthys spilurus, the sailfin snapper or blue-lined sea bream, is a species of Snapper native to the eastern Indian Ocean (off western Australia) and the western Pacific Ocean. It inhabits coral reefs living in areas with sand substrates at depths of from . It is a solitary fish, coming together with others of its species to spawn. This species can reach a length of TL. In color its body shows blue undulating stripes over a yellow body, an orange stripe crossing the eye and another one at the back of the head. It has typically a black spot at its tail. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade. It is currently the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20639377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639377" title="Benjamin Bellas">
Benjamin Bellas

Benjamin Bellas (born March 29, 1976) is an American artist and an Assistant Professor of Art at Washington College. He was formerly a professor at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago 
Through poetic narratives, Bellas unexpectedly relocates autobiographical moments of enmity, longing and uncomfortable honesty in banal visual forms. By transforming everyday objects into sometimes-humorous icons of his most intimate life experiences, his work can be seen as a high-wire balancing act between intellect and emotion that manifests itself as a synthesis of the Humanities.
Benjamin Bellas is a 2007 recipient of an Illinois Arts Council International project grant and has exhibited at 1a space, Hong Kong; Istanbul Exhibition Center, Turkey; Track 16, Los Angeles; Academy of Fine Arts, Helsinki, Finland; Chicago Cultural Center, Chicago; Florean Museum of Contemporary Art, Romania; among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20639386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639386" title="Faces (Run–D.M.C. song)">
Faces (Run–D.M.C. song)

"Faces" was the final single released from Run–D.M.C.'s fifth studio album, "Back from Hell". It was released on March 11, 1991, by Profile Records and was produced by Jam Master Jay. "Faces" peaked at number 57 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number 13 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20639388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639388" title="Yellowback fusilier">
Yellowback fusilier

The yellowback fusilier , Caesio xanthonota, is a pelagic marine fish belonging to the family Caesionidae. It is native to the tropical Indo-Pacific, being found in shallow water from the African coast to Indonesia.
Description.
The yellowback fusilier is a small to medium-sized fish which grows to about long. The mouth is small and terminal and is protusible, being able to be extended forward to swallow food. The body is fusiform or spindle-shaped. The dorsal fin has 10 spines and 14-15 soft rays. The anal fin has three spines and 11 or 12 soft rays. The caudal fin is deeply forked. 
The body coloration is greyish blue with a bright yellow zone on the back. The yellow area goes from the forehead, between the eyes, to the tail, and includes the dorsal fin and the caudal fin. This area corresponds more or less to the upper third of the body. The belly is plain white.
Distribution and habitat.
"Caesio xanthonota" is widely distributed throughout the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean, the Red Sea and Persian Gulf excluded, to Indonesia in the western Pacific Ocean. It lives in mid-water in deep lagoons and close to external reefs from the surfaceto 50 m deep.
Diet.
It feeds on zooplankton, so it is a planktivore.
Behaviour.
The yellowback fusilier is diurnal, and lives in groups and forms schools with other caesionids such as "Caesio teres". Often, confusion between these two species occurs, thus "Caesio teres" has a variable yellow zone which changes with the age. This yellow zone starts from the anterior part of the dorsal fin and draws a diagonal to the low part of the caudal peduncle.

</doc>
<doc id="20639397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639397" title="Yuta Omine">
Yuta Omine

His younger brother Shota is also a professional baseball player currently playing for Marines.

</doc>
<doc id="20639402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639402" title="Eraso!">
Eraso!

Eraso! (Basque: "Attack!") is a Basque metal band from Zarautz, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, formed in 1996. The band's line-up consists of four members and have released four studio albums all written and sing in Basque.
Biography.
After two demos and 150 concerts they recorded their first studio album "Erantzunik Gabe" (Without An Answer) in 1999, and were selected by Slayer as support band during 2000. Their second album "Oraina Eta Geroa" (Present And future) recorded more professionally, was an inflection point in their career, during this time they shared stage with bands like Machine Head, Sepultura or Napalm Death. Since then they have released two more albums "Grisez Bustitako Egunak" 2003 (Grey Dunked Days) and "Kontra" 2005 (Against), winning several awards and growing in their career steadily.
Eraso! is one of the most powerful bands in nowadays’ metal. The band created in the middle of the 90s has evolved from the most savage and wildest trash of its beginning towards a much more up-to-date sound. Anger, intensity and strength.

</doc>
<doc id="20639406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639406" title="Geoff Long">
Geoff Long

Geoff Long was an Australian rules footballer who played for City/City-South, in the Northern Tasmanian Football Association (NTFA) from 1948 to 1960. He was one of the inaugural 'Legends' inducted into the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame in 2005.
Long, who played his football mostly at centre half forward, won City-South's 'Best and fairest' award in 1953 and was a member of six premiership teams. At interstate level he appeared in the 1953, 1956 and 1958 carnivals, gaining All-Australian selection for his performances in 1956. Amongst his 16 interstate matches for Tasmania he won a Lefroy Medal in 1955 and also represented the NTFA 29 times. 
After retiring, Long served Tasmanian football as an administrator. He was a NTFA and Tasmanian selector from 1966 to 1979 and President of the NTFA from 1977 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20639432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639432" title="Mama (Nomeansno album)">
Mama (Nomeansno album)

Mama is the debut album of the band, Nomeansno. Recorded in 1982 by brothers John and Rob Wright, the album was initially available with a limited number of 500 vinyl pressings. After being re-released on limited-run cassette, the album was re-mastered and properly released on CD format in 1992 on the band's Wrong Records imprint, containing four additional tracks taken from their 1981 release, the "Betrayal, Fear, Anger, Hatred" EP. "Mama" was yet again re-released in 2004 containing two early video recordings of the brothers performing the songs, "Rich Guns" and "Forget Your Life" on public broadcast TV in 1981.
Track listing.
Original LP.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="20639439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639439" title="Masao Uchino">
Masao Uchino


</doc>
<doc id="20639446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639446" title="Mount Sinai Medical Center (Chicago)">
Mount Sinai Medical Center (Chicago)

Mount Sinai Medical Center is a 319-bed major urban hospital in Chicago, Illinois, with its main campus located adjacent to Douglas Park on the city's West Side. The hospital was established in 1912 under the name Maimonides Hospital, with a mission of serving poor immigrants from Europe while providing training to Jewish physicians, primarily of Eastern European descent. After a period of financial difficulty, it closed in 1918, and was reopened as "Mount Sinai Hospital" in 1919, with 60 beds and continuing its original mission.
The second Jewish hospital to be established in the city, Mount Sinai Hospital differed from Michael Reese Hospital, which had been established in 1881 on Chicago's South Side primarily by German Jews, whereas Mount Sinai was founded by Eastern European Jews. (Michael Reese Hospital ceased operation on June 30, 2009.) Unlike other hospitals, Mount Sinai had a kosher kitchen.
Morris Kurtzon sought to provide the West Side community in Chicago a suitable hospital, one where Jewish doctors could practice without facing exclusion from hospital staffs by anti-Semitism. Purchasing with his own money the bankrupt Maimonides Hospital, Kurtzon re-organized it under the name Mount Sinai Hospital Association. He refused an attractive offer to sell the property to the University of Illinois, preferring to donate it for the benefit of the entire community. The community responded to this gesture with a strenuous effort to build financial support for the new hospital. Although women had not traditionally been welcome to participate in many communal activities, the early history of Mount Sinai included a strong presence of women among its supporters. Kurtzon devoted a good deal of his time to planning and designing the new facility. The final hospital plans were drawn up by the Chicago architectural firm of Schmidt, Garden and Erikson. Garcy Corporation of Piedmont, Alabama, designed custom equipment for the new hospital, much of it made of stainless steel.
Mount Sinai Medical Center is a non-profit institution, which provides charity care to 59% of its patients and is a teaching hospital affiliated with Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science and the University of Illinois at Chicago. The hospital is a Level 1 trauma center for adults and children, chest pain center, and stroke center. While operating at a financial loss in an aging facility, even in its current state the hospital serves as a vital part of the community. Ruth Rothstein, who served as the president of the hospital from the 1970s to the 1990s, resisted calls to move Mount Sinai to the suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="20639488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639488" title="List of tallest buildings in Omaha, Nebraska">
List of tallest buildings in Omaha, Nebraska

The tallest buildings in Omaha, Nebraska include towers for Woodmen of the World and the First National Bank of Omaha. Omaha's tallest building is the 45-story First National Bank Tower. Completed in 1969, the 30-story tall Woodmen Tower was the tallest until the construction of the First National Bank Tower. While most of the city's tallest buildings are located in Downtown Omaha, several are located in Midtown Omaha. These include the 22-story, 320 ft (98 m) Masonic Manor, currently the third tallest building in the city, and the Mutual of Omaha Building. The University of Nebraska Medical Center is located in midtown and among its rapidly expanding campus is the Lied Transplant Center.
Timeline of tallest buildings.
The following is a list of buildings that were once the tallest structure in Omaha, NE
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20639498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639498" title="George Turman">
George Turman

George Fugett Turman (January 25, 1928 – December 9, 2008) was the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Montana. Originally a Republican state legislator before becoming a Democrat, he was elected to the position in 1980 on a ticket with fellow Democrat Ted Schwinden. They were re-elected in 1984. Turman relinquished the position in 1988. He died of natural causes on December 9, 2008 in Missoula, Montana, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20639500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639500" title="Names for the number 0 in English">
Names for the number 0 in English

Wiktionary, the free dictionary, has entries for:
There are several names for the number 0 in English, and concomitant names for the decades where the tens column contains the number 0. Several names for the number 0 include "zero", "cipher", "naught", "nought", "love", "duck", "nil", "zilch", "zip", (the letter) "o" (often spelled "oh"), "aught", and "ought". There are various subtleties of usage amongst them all.
Some usage of these terms is driven by a desire to maintain an explicit distinction between digit zero and letter O, which, because they are both usually represented graphically in English orthography (and indeed most orthographies using Latin script and Arabic numerals) with a simple circle or oval, have a centuries-long history of being frequently conflated. Thus some of the terms discussed below are the phonetic analog of the graphical convention of slashed zero—that is, both are an effort to keep digit zero and letter O duly differentiated.
"Zero" and "cipher".
"Zero" and "cipher" are both names for the number 0, but the use of "cipher" for the number is rare and only literary in English today. They are doublets, which means they have entered the language through different routes but have the same etymological root, which is the Arabic "صفر" (which transliterates as "sifr"). Via Italian this became "zefiro" and thence "zero" in modern English, Portuguese, French, and Italian ("cero" in Spanish). But via Spanish it became "cifra" and thence "cifre" in Old French and "cipher" in modern English (and "chiffre" in modern French).
"Zero" is more commonly used in mathematics and science, whereas "cipher" is used only in a literary style. Both also have other connotations. One may refer to a person as being a "social cipher", but would name them "Mr. Zero", for example.
In his discussion of "naught" and "nought" in "Modern English Usage" (see below), H. W. Fowler uses "cipher" to name the number 0.
"Nought" and "naught" versus "aught" and "ought".
In English, "naught" and "nought" mean the number 0, or a figurative "nothing", whereas "aught" and "ought" (the latter in its noun sense) strictly speaking mean "all" or "anything", and are not names for the number 0, even though they are sometimes used as such (as in the use of "aught" as a placeholder for zero in the pronunciation of calendar year numbers, along with that practice's reapplication in the pronunciation of derived terms, as when the rifle calibers .30-06 Springfield or .25-06 Remington are accordingly referred to by the names "thirty-aught-six" and "twenty-five-aught-six," respectively, after the year ] of their introduction).
The words "nought" and "naught" are spelling variants. They are, according to H. W. Fowler, not a modern accident as might be thought, but have descended that way from Old English. There is a distinction in British English between the two, but it is not one that is universally recognized. This distinction is that "nought" is primarily used in a literal arithmetic sense, where the number 0 is straightforwardly meant, whereas "naught" is used in poetical and rhetorical senses, where "nothing" could equally well be substituted. So the name of the board game is "noughts & crosses", whereas the rhetorical phrases are "bring to naught", "set at naught", and "availeth naught". The Reader's Digest "Right Word at the Right Time" labels "naught" as "old-fashioned".
Whilst British English makes this distinction, in United States English, the spelling "naught" is preferred for both the literal and rhetorical/poetic senses.
"Naught" and "nought" come from the Old English "nāwiht" and "nōwiht", respectively, both of which mean "nothing". They are compounds of "no-" ("no") and "wiht" ("thing").
The words "aught" and "ought" (the latter in its noun sense) similarly come from Old English "āwiht" and "ōwiht", which are similarly compounds of "a" ("ever") and "wiht". Their meanings are thus the opposites to those of "naught" and "nought", and in English they in fact, strictly speaking, mean "anything" or "all". (Fowler notes that "aught" is an archaism, and that "all" is now used in phrases such as "for all (that) I know", where once they would have been "for aught (that) I know".)
However, "aught" and "ought" are also sometimes used as names for 0, in contradiction of their strict meanings. The reason for this is a rebracketing, whereby "a nought" and "a naught" have been misheard as "an ought" and "an aught".
Samuel Johnson thought that since "aught" was generally used for "anything" in preference to "ought", so also "naught" should be used for "nothing" in preference to "nought". However, he observed that "custom has irreversibly prevailed in using 'naught' for 'bad' and 'nought' for 'nothing'". Whilst this distinction existed in his time, in modern English, as observed by Fowler and The Reader's Digest above, it does not exist today. However, the sense of "naught" meaning "bad" is still preserved in the word "naughty", which is simply the noun "naught" plus the adjectival suffix "-y". This has never been spelled "noughty".
The spellings "owt" and "nowt" are sometimes used to emphasise northern English pronunciation.
The word "aught" continues in use for 0 in a series of one or more for sizes larger than 1. For American Wire Gauge, the largest gauges are written 1/0, 2/0, 3/0, and 4/0 and pronounced "one aught", "two aught", etc. Shot pellet diameters 0, 00, and 000 are pronounced "aught", "double aught", and "triple aught". Decade names with a leading zero (e.g., 1900 to 1909) were pronounced as "aught" or "nought". This leads to the year 1904 ('04) being spoken as "aught four" or "[nineteen nought four". Another acceptable pronunciation includes " oh four".
Decade names.
The first decade of the 21st century has, but more in jest, been called the "Naughties" or "Noughties". The first term appears to be intended as a pun on "naughty" and "naught". The music and lifestyle magazine Wired favoured this term, which they claim was first proposed by the arts collective Foomedia in 1999. However, the term "Naughty Aughties" was suggested as far back as 1975 by Cecil Adams, in his column The Straight Dope. The second term is used occasionally by the BBC and employs the favoured British spelling "nought" for "zero." The digital radio station Absolute Radio 00s pronounces its name on-air as "Absolute Radio Noughties".
"Love", "duck", and "nil".
In scores for sporting events, in particular tennis, cricket, and football, the number 0 has the very specialized names "love", "duck", and "nil". This can cause difficulty for radio and television newsreaders, because the reader must be aware of which name to use, when the score is often written as the digit "0" in the script. (McLeish recommends to readers that they write the number out on the script in words if necessary.)
There is no definitive origin for the tennis score name for 0, "love". It first occurred in English, is of comparatively recent origin, and is not used in other languages. The most commonly believed hypothesis is that it is derived from English speakers mis-hearing the French "l'œuf", "the egg", which was the name for a score of zero used in French, because the symbol for a zero used on the scoreboard was an elliptical zero symbol, which visually resembled an egg. There is tangential support for this in the use of "duck" as the name for a score of zero by a batsman in cricket, which name derives from the full name "the duck's egg" for that score. The following cricketer's rhyme illustrates this:
A name related to the "duck egg" in cricket is the "goose egg" in baseball, a name whose origin is a description in "The New York Times" of 1886 where the journalist states that "the New York players presented the Boston men with nine unpalatable goose eggs", i.e. nine scores of zero.
However, the "l'oeuf" hypothesis has several problems, not the least of which is that in court tennis the score was not placed upon a scoreboard, and there is scant evidence that the French ever used "l'oeuf" as the name for a zero score in the first place, that name being as anecdotal as the hypothesis that "love" is then derived from it. (Jacob Bernoulli, for example, in his "Letter to a Friend", used "à but" to describe the initial zero-zero score in court tennis, which in English is "love-all".) Some alternative hypotheses have similar problems. For example: The assertion that "love" comes from the Scots word "luff", meaning "nothing", falls at the first hurdle, because there is no authoritative evidence that there has ever been any such word in Scots in the first place.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the first use of the word "love" in English to mean "zero" was to define how a game was to be played, rather than the score in the game itself. Gambling games could be played for stakes (money) or "for love (of the game)", i.e. for zero stakes. The first such recorded usage quoted in the OED was in 1678. The shift in meaning from "zero stakes" to "zero score" is not an enormous conceptual leap, and the first recorded usage of the word "love" to mean "no score" is by Hoyle in 1742 (OED, 2nd Edition).
BBC Radio 5 Live has broadcast spin-off versions of its football phone in 6-0-6 (""six-oh-six"") focused on cricket and tennis, branded as "6-Duck-6" and "6-Love-6" respectively, in the summer months during the soccer off-season.
Another name for 0 that is used in sports is "nil". This is derived from the Latin word "nihil", which means "nothing". Although common in British English, in football results and the like, it is only used infrequently in U.S. English. The British "nil" is not slang, and occurs in formal contexts including technical jargon (e.g. "nil by mouth") and voting results.
"O" ("oh").
In spoken English, the number 0 is often read as the letter "o", often spelled oh. This is especially the case when the digit occurs within a list of other digits. Whereas one might say that "a million is expressed in base ten as a one followed by six zeroes", the series of digits "1070" would be read as "one o seven o". This is particularly true of telephone numbers (especially 867-5309, which is said as "eight-six-seven-five-three-oh-nine"). Another example is James Bond's designation, 007, which is always read as "double-o seven", not "double-zero seven".
The letter "o" ("oh") is also used in spoken English as the name of the number 0 when saying times in the 24-hour clock, particularly in English used by U.S. mililtary forces. Thus 16:05 is "sixteen oh five", and 08:30 is "oh eight thirty".
The use of O as a number can lead to confusion as in the ABO blood group system. Blood can either contain antigen A (type A), antigen B (type B), both (type AB) or none (type O). Since the 'O' signifies the lack of antigens it's more meaningful for it to represent the number 'Oh' (zero) than the letter O. However, in English 'blood type O' is usually written with a letter O and not with a number 0 as in most other European languages.
"Zilch".
"Zilch" is a slang term for the number 0 in English. It can also mean "nothing". The origin of the term is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20639504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639504" title="Loarki language">
Loarki language

Loarki (as it's known in Pakistan), or Gade Lohar (as it's known in India), is a Rajasthani language, is spoken by 20,000 nomadic people in rural Sindh, Pakistan, and by 1,000 in Rajasthan, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20639533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639533" title="Foreign Language Bookshop">
Foreign Language Bookshop

Foreign Language Bookshop is the oldest and largest language bookshop in Australasia, established in 1938 as a free lending library by William Bernard (WB) Wigston.
Brief history.
WB opened the doors to Foreign Language Bookshop in Bourke Street, Melbourne in 1938. The primary aim of the business was to reduce migrant isolation; particularly for European migrants from Germany, France, Italy, Czechoslovakia and Austria, disembarking from ships into Australia.
Over time, increasing immigration from many other countries sparked the need to expand into new languages—a trend which continues today. 
Wigston was subsequently elected to the position of Mayor of the Bourke Street Traders Association. 
History of owners (chronology).
Winston Bernard (WB) Wigston was born and raised in Ashtead Surrey, England, and was an entrepreneur who spent time in South Africa with his younger brother Nigel, managing mining operations in the late 1920s. He migrated to Australia in the early 30s.
A well-to-do gentleman, when Foreign Language Bookshop was started in Bourke Street it started as a library and he mainly spent his time as a share trader, using “library” staff to help keep his share records. WB lived in a Toorak mansion with a live-in maid and his cat.
He wouldn’t allow married women to work for him but made an exception for Mrs Bess Carmichael who commenced working for him as a single lady and in later years was rostered to cover brief periods for other staff on leave or away ill.
During World War II, the library was forced to move to the corner of Bourke Street and Elizabeth Street. It was in this site that the library started to become a bookshop. Worried about his failing health in the 1940s, he used to have his chauffer Herbie follow him around when taking his morning walks as he felt it would be socially inappropriate to pass away on his walk and be left lying on the road. WB died in 1956.
WB left money in his will to all staff and willed the business of Foreign Language Bookshop to Mrs Connie Tink who sold it in 1959 to Mrs Felder, who sold it in 1966 to Mrs Leser. In 1971 Mrs Leser sold the business to Mrs Annette Monester.
During 1982, Ms Monester moved the business to the top end of Collins Street. On 9 January 2006, Mrs Monester handed over the reins to only the sixth custodian, Jacob Miceli.

</doc>
<doc id="20639537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639537" title="World Voices">
World Voices

World Voices is a vocal ensemble based in Minneapolis/Saint Paul, conducted by Dr. Karle Erickson, Artistic Director. The ensemble was founded in 1996 as "Karle Erickson’s Metropolitan Chorale", but changed its name to World Voices within one season. At each of its concerts, World Voices focuses on the music of a particular culture or region of the world. Membership in the chorale has ranged from about 25 to 40 vocalists over its 13 years of existence.
The ensemble routinely collaborates with instrumentalists associated with the music from a specific culture. Among the artists World Voices has collaborated with are:
World Voices has commissioned several original works, including “Wo Ayi Me A Ma” by Sowah Mensah in March 2001, “Of This Turtle Isle” by Brent Michael Davids in 2002, “Si Ji” by Chinese composer Zhou Long in March 2005, and "Medicine Woman" by Janika Vandervelde in 2006 with Cochise Anderson playing Native American flutes and percussion.
World Voices has performed music from at least 62 countries in 35 different languages. Seven CD’s of global music have been released: “Latino Groove”, “A Cultural Odyssey”, “A Global Palette”, “ Celebrating Global Cultures” and “Mosaic", "A World of Christmas", and "Hope for Our Time."

</doc>
<doc id="20639545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639545" title="Plant stem cell">
Plant stem cell

Plant stem cells are innately undifferentiated cells located in the meristems of plant. Plant stem cells serve as the origin of plant vitality, as they maintain themselves while providing a steady supply of precursor cells to form differentiated tissues and organs in plants. Two distinct areas of stem cells are recognised: the apical meristem and the lateral meristem.
Characteristics.
Plant stem cells are characterized by two distinctive properties, which are: the ability to create all differentiated cell types and the ability to self-renew such that the number of stem cells is maintained. Plant stem cells never undergo aging process but immortally give rise to new specialized and unspecialized cells, and they have the potential to grow into any organ, tissue, or cell in the body. Thus they are totipotent cells equipped with regenerative powers that facilitate plant growth and production of new organs throughout lifetime.
Unlike animals, plants are immobile. As plants cannot escape from danger by taking motion, they need a special mechanism to withstand various and sometimes unforeseen environmental stress. Here, what empowers them to withstand harsh external influence and preserve life is stem cell. In fact, plants comprise the oldest and the largest living organisms on earth, including Bristlecone Pines in California, U.S. (4,842 years old), and the Giant Sequoia in mountainous regions of California, U.S. (87 meters in height and 2,000 tons in weight). This is possible because they have a modular body plan that enables them to survive substantial damage by initiating continuous and repetitive formation of new structures and organs such as leaves and flowers.
Plant stem cells are also characterized by their location in specialized structures called meristematic tissues, which are located in root apical meristem (RAM), shoot apical meristem (SAM), and vascular system ((pro)cambium or vascular meristem.)
Research and development.
Traditionally, plant stem cells were thought to only exist in SAM and RAM and studies were conducted based on this assumption. However, recent studies have indicated that (pro)cambium also serves as a niche for plant stem cells: "Procambium cells fulfill the criteria for being stem cells since they have the capacity for long-term self renewal and being able to differentiate into one or more specialized cell types."
Cambium is a type of meristem with thin walls which minutely exist in small populations within a plant. Due to this structural characteristic, once physical force is applied to it, it is easily damaged in the very process of isolation, losing its stem cell characteristics. Despite 160 years of biological effort to isolate and retrieve plant stem cells, none succeeded in the isolation due to the distinct structural characteristics of plant stem cell: "he cambium consists of a few layers of narrow elongated, thin-walled cells, easily damaged during sampling." This highly vulnerable feature has made studies on cambial structure and ultrastructure difficult to achieve with conventional methods. Thus failure to isolate plant stem cells from meristematic tissues prompted scientists to administer plant cell culture by using callus (dedifferentiated cells) as an alternative to plant stem cells.
Callus, or dedifferentiated cells, are somatic cells that undergo dedifferentiation to give rise to totipotent embryogenic cells, which temporarily gains the ability to proliferate and/or regenerate an embryo. Since embryogenic cells were considered totipotent cells based on their ability to regenerate or develop into an embryo under given conditions, dedifferentiated cells were generally regarded as stem cells of plant: "…we propose to extend the concept of stem cells to include embryogenic stem cells that arise from plant somatic cells. We examine the cellular, physiological and molecular similarities and differences between plant meristematic stem cells and embryogenic stem cells originating directly from single somatic cells."
Plant stem cell vs. callus.
Despite that callus exhibits a number of stem cell-like properties for a temporary period and that it has been cultured for useful plant compounds as an alternative source of plant stem cell, callus and plant stem cell are fundamentally different from each other. Callus is similar to plant stem cell in its ability to differentiate, but the two are different in their origin. While plant stem cell exists in the meristematic tissues of plant, callus is obtained as a temporary response to cure wound in somatic cell.
Moreover callus undergoes dedifferentiation as differentiated cells acquire ability to differentiate; but genetic variation is inevitable in the process because the cells consist of somatic undifferentiated cells from an adult subject plant. Unlike true stem cells, callus is heterogeneous. Due to this reason, continuous and stable cell division of callus is difficult. Hence plant stem cell originated from cambium is an immortal cell while callus is a temporary dediffertiated cell obtained from stimulating the somatic cell.
Furthermore, the ability to differentiate and proliferate is different that differences between plant stem cell and callus are prevalent in culture and research. Only plant stem cells embedded in meristems can divide and give rise to cells that differentiate while giving rise to new stem cells. These immortal cells divide infinitely.
Bioprocess innovation.
Plant cells are cultured to acquire plant useful compounds. However cell cultures are often hindered by various factors especially if cell culture continues long-term. However, strong vitality and structural characteristics of plant stem cell overcome previous drawbacks to plant cell culture. Thus plant stem cell culture is the most ideal and productive method of cell culture and phytochemical production as cells are successfully mass cultured while maintaining quality.
Further applications.
Numerous medicines, perfumes, pigments, antimicrobials, and insecticides are derived from plant natural products. Cultured Cambial Meristematic Cells (CMC) may provide a cost-effective, environmentally friendly, and sustainable source of important natural products, including paclitaxel. Unlike plant cultivation, this approach is not subject to the unpredictability caused by variation in climatic conditions or political instability in certain part of the world. Also, CMCs from reference specifies may also provide an important biological tool to explore plant stem cell function.
In 2010, researchers from the Plant Stem Cell Institute (formerly Unhwa Institute of Science and Technology) presented their data to the world via Nature Biotechnology. Their research demonstrated the world's first cambial meristematic cell isolation. Due to the valuable and beneficial compounds for human health (i.e. paclitaxel) which are secreted by the CMC's, this technology is considered a serious breakthrough in plant biotechnology.

</doc>
<doc id="20639586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639586" title="After the War">
After the War

After the War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20639605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639605" title="Dynasty of Death">
Dynasty of Death

Dynasty of Death was the debut novel of the Anglo-American writer Taylor Caldwell (1900–1985). When Caldwell submitted the manuscript to Maxwell Perkins in 1937, she was an unknown housewife from Buffalo, New York. "Dynasty of Death" launched her prolific career.
The novel is set in Windsor, Pennsylvania, a fictional mill town on the Allegheny River north of Pittsburgh.
It is an epic multigenerational saga stretching from 1837 to the eve of World War I, about the Bouchard and Barbour families, who grow their small munitions factory into a great international corporation.
Joseph Barbour is a servant, who becomes a successful businessman and arms manufacturer. His son Martin is not interested in money, he is an idealist and altruist. Ernest, the elder son, is an egoist and believes that money is the greatest power in the world. Ernest loves Amy Drumhill, the niece of Gregory Sessions, owner of a steel factory. However, she marries Martin, who establishes a hospital, and dies in the American Civil War. Ernest's hardness ruins Joseph, and he is cursed by his mother.
This story of the Bouchard clan is continued through World War II in Caldwell's later novels "The Eagles Gather" (1940) and "The Final Hour" (1944), although the Pittsburgh setting is largely left behind as the family takes its place on the world stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20639629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639629" title="Tadao Kobayashi">
Tadao Kobayashi


</doc>
