<doc id="20611504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611504" title="Russian Empire">
Russian Empire

The Russian Empire (Pre-reform Russian orthography: Россійская Имперія, Modern Russian: Российская империя, translit: "Rossiyskaya Imperiya") was a state that existed from 1721 until overthrown by a liberal revolution in 1917. One of the largest empires in world history, stretching over three continents, the Russian Empire was surpassed in landmass only by the British and Mongol empires. It played a major role in 1812-14 in defeating Napoleon's ambitions to control Europe, and expanded to the west and south. It was often in conflict with the Ottoman Empire (which in turn was usually protected by the British). 
At the beginning of the 19th century, it extended from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea on the south, from the Baltic Sea on the west to the Pacific Ocean, and (until 1867) into Alaska in North America on the east. With 125.6 million subjects registered by the 1897 census, it had the third largest population in the world at the time, after Qing China and the British Empire. Like all empires, it included a large disparity in terms of economics, ethnicity, and religion. There were numerous dissident elements, who launched numerous rebellions and assassination attempts; they were closely watched by the secret police, with thousands exiled to Siberia. Economically it was heavily rural with low productivity on large estates worked by serfs, until they were freed in 1863. The economy slowly industrialized with the help of foreign investments in railways and factories. The land was ruled by a nobility called Boyars from the 10th through the 17th centuries, and then was ruled by an emperor called the "Tsar". Tsar Ivan III (1462 – 1505) laid the groundwork for the empire that later emerged. He tripled the territory of his state, ended the dominance of the Golden Horde, renovated the Moscow Kremlin, and laid the foundations of the Russian state. Tsar Peter the Great (1682 - 1725) fought numerous wars and built a huge empire that became a major European power. He moved the capital from Moscow to the new model city of St. Petersburg, and led a cultural revolution that replaced some of the traditionalist and medieval social and political system with a modern, scientific, Europe-oriented, and rationalist system. Catherine the Great (1761 - 1796) presided over a golden age. She expanded the nation rapidly by conquest, colonization and diplomacy. She continued Peter the Great's policy of modernisation along West European lines. Tsar Alexander II (1855 - 1881) promoted numerous reforms, most dramatically the emancipation of all 23 million serfs in 1861. His policy in Eastern Europe was to protect the Orthodox Christians under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. That involvement by 1914 led to Russia's entry into the First World War on the side of Serbia and the Allies, and against the German, Austrian and Ottoman empires. Russia was an absolute monarchy until the Revolution of 1905 and then became a constitutional monarchy. The empire collapsed during the February Revolution of 1917, the result of massive failures in its participation in the Great War.
History.
Though the Empire was only officially proclaimed by Tsar Peter I, following the Treaty of Nystad (1721), some historians would argue that it was truly born either when Ivan III conquered Novgorod or when Ivan IV conquered Kazan. According to another point of view, the term "Tsardom" (Царство), which was used after the coronation of Ivan IV in 1547, was already a contemporary Russian word for empire, while Peter the Great just replaced it with a Latinized synonym. Perhaps the latter was done to make Europe recognize Russia as more of a European country.
Much of Russia's expansion occurred in the 17th century, culminating in the first Russian settlement of the Pacific in the mid-17th century, the incorporation of Left-bank Ukraine and the pacification of the Siberian tribes.
Eighteenth century.
Peter I the Great (1672–1725) introduced autocracy in Russia and played a major role in introducing his country to the European state system. However, this vast land had a population of 14 million. Grain yields trailed behind those of agriculture in the West, compelling nearly the entire population to farm. Only a small percentage lived in towns. The class of kholops, close to the one of slavery, remained a major institution in Russia until 1723, when Peter I converted household kholops into house serfs, thus including them in poll taxation. Russian agricultural kholops were formally converted into serfs earlier in 1679.
Peter's first military efforts were directed against the Ottoman Turks. His attention then turned to the North. Peter still lacked a secure northern seaport, except at Archangel on the White Sea, but the harbor there was frozen for nine months a year. Access to the Baltic was blocked by Sweden, whose territory enclosed it on three sides. Peter's ambitions for a "window to the sea" led him to make a secret alliance with Saxony in 1699, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and Denmark against Sweden, resulting in the Great Northern War. The war ended in 1721 when an exhausted Sweden asked for peace with Russia. Peter acquired four provinces situated south and east of the Gulf of Finland. The coveted access to the sea was now secured. There he built Russia's new capital, Saint Petersburg, to replace Moscow, which had long been Russia's cultural center.
Peter reorganized his government based on the latest political models of the time, moulding Russia into an absolutist state. He replaced the old "boyar" Duma (council of nobles) with a nine-member Senate, in effect a supreme council of state. The countryside was also divided into new provinces and districts. Peter told the Senate that its mission was to collect tax revenues. In turn tax revenues tripled over the course of his reign. As part of the government reform, the Orthodox Church was partially incorporated into the country's administrative structure, in effect making it a tool of the state. Peter abolished the patriarchate and replaced it with a collective body, the Holy Synod, led by a government official. Meanwhile, all vestiges of local self-government were removed. Peter continued and intensified his predecessors' requirement of state service for all nobles.
Peter died in 1725, leaving an unsettled succession. After a short reign of his wife Catherine I, the crown passed to empress Anna who slowed down the reforms and led a successful war against the Ottoman Empire, which brought a significant weakening of the Ottoman vassal Crimean Khanate, a long-term Russian adversary.
The discontent over the dominant positions of Baltic Germans in Russian politics brought Peter I's daughter Elizabeth on the Russian throne. Elizabeth supported the arts, architecture and the sciences (for example with the foundation of the Moscow University). However, she did not carry out significant structural reforms. Her reign, which lasted nearly 20 years, is also known for her involvement in the Seven Years' War. It was successful for Russia militarily, but fruitless politically.
Catherine II, the Great, was a German princess who married Peter III, the German heir to the Russian crown. After the death of Empress Elisabeth she came to power, when her coup d'état against her unpopular pro-Prussian husband succeeded. She contributed to the resurgence of the Russian nobility that began after the death of Peter the Great. State service was abolished, and Catherine delighted the nobles further by turning over most state functions in the provinces to them.
Catherine the Great extended Russian political control over the lands of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Her actions included the support of the Targowica Confederation, although the cost of her campaigns, on top of the oppressive social system that required serfs to spend almost all of their time laboring on their owners' land, provoked a major peasant uprising in 1773, after Catherine legalised the selling of serfs separate from land. Inspired by a Cossack named Pugachev, with the emphatic cry of "Hang all the landlords!", the rebels threatened to take Moscow before they were ruthlessly suppressed. Instead of the traditional punishment of being drawn and quartered, Catherine issued secret instructions that the executioner should carry the sentence out quickly and with a minimum of suffering, as part of her effort to introduce compassion into the law. She also ordered the public trial of Darya Nikolayevna Saltykova, a member of the highest nobility, on charges of torture and murder. These gestures of compassion garnered Catherine much positive attention from Europe experiencing the Enlightenment age, but the specter of revolution and disorder continued to haunt her and her successors.
In order to ensure continued support from the nobility, which was essential to the survival of her government, Catherine was obliged to strengthen their authority and power at the expense of the serfs and other lower classes. Nevertheless, Catherine realized that serfdom must be ended, going so far in her "Nakaz" ("Instruction") to say that serfs were "just as good as we are" – a comment the nobility received with disgust. Documents were also found after Catherine's death that showed she hoped to introduce a form of parliamentary democracy in Russia, but realized the empire was not yet ready for such a move, particularly due to the problem of serfdom. Catherine successfully waged war against the Ottoman Empire and advanced Russia's southern boundary to the Black Sea. Then, by plotting with the rulers of Austria and Prussia, she incorporated territories of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth during the Partitions of Poland, pushing the Russian frontier westward into Central Europe. By the time of her death in 1796, Catherine's expansionist policy had turned Russia into a major European power. This continued with Alexander I's wresting of Finland from the weakened kingdom of Sweden in 1809 and of Bessarabia from the Principality of Moldavia, ceded by the Ottomans in 1812.
First half of the nineteenth century.
Napoleon made a major mistake when, following a dispute with Tsar Alexander I, he launched an invasion of the tsar's realm in 1812. The campaign was a catastrophe. Although Napoleon's Grande Armée made its way to Moscow, the Russians' scorched-earth strategy prevented the invaders from living off the country. In the bitterly cold Russian weather, thousands of French troops were ambushed and killed by peasant guerrilla fighters. As Napoleon's forces retreated, the Russian troops pursued them into Central and Western Europe and to the gates of Paris. After Russia and its allies defeated Napoleon, Alexander became known as the 'savior of Europe,' and he presided over the redrawing of the map of Europe at the Congress of Vienna (1815), that ultimately made Alexander the monarch of Congress Poland.
Although the Russian Empire would play a leading political role in the next century, thanks to its defeat of Napoleonic France, its retention of serfdom precluded economic progress of any significant degree. As West European economic growth accelerated during the Industrial Revolution, which had begun in the second half of the 18th century, Russia began to lag ever farther behind, creating new problems for the Empire as a great power. This status concealed the inefficiency of its government, the isolation of its people, and its economic backwardness. Following the defeat of Napoleon, Alexander I had been ready to discuss constitutional reforms, but though a few were introduced, no major changes were attempted.
The liberal Tsar was replaced by his younger brother, Nicholas I (1825–1855), who at the beginning of his reign was confronted with an uprising. The background of this revolt lay in the Napoleonic Wars, when a number of well-educated Russian officers traveled in Europe in the course of military campaigns, where their exposure to the liberalism of Western Europe encouraged them to seek change on their return to autocratic Russia. The result was the Decembrist revolt (December 1825), the work of a small circle of liberal nobles and army officers who wanted to install Nicholas' brother as a constitutional monarch. But the revolt was easily crushed, leading Nicholas to turn away from the modernization program begun by Peter the Great and champion the doctrine of Orthodoxy, Autocracy, and Nationality.
The retaliation for the revolt made "December Fourteenth" a day long remembered by later revolutionary movements. In order to repress further revolts, censorship was intensified, including the constant surveillance of schools and universities. Textbooks were strictly regulated by the government. Police spies were planted everywhere. Would-be revolutionaries were sent off to Siberia - under Nicholas I hundreds of thousands were sent to katorga there.
After the Russian armies liberated allied Georgia from Persian occupation in 1802, they clashed with Persia over control of Azerbaijan and got involved in the Caucasian War against the Caucasian Imamate. Russian tsars also had to deal with two uprisings in their newly acquired territories of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth: the November Uprising in 1830 and the January Uprising in 1863.
The question of Russia's direction had been gaining attention ever since Peter the Great's program of modernization. Some favored imitating Western Europe while others were against this and called for a return of the traditions of the past. The latter path was advocated by Slavophiles, who held the "decadent" West in contempt. The Slavophiles were opponents of bureaucracy who preferred the collectivism of the mediaeval Russian "mir", or village community, to the individualism of the West. Alternative social doctrines were elaborated by such Russian radicals as Alexander Herzen, Mikhail Bakunin, and Peter Kropotkin.
Second half of the nineteenth century.
Tsar Nicholas died with his philosophy being heavily disputed. One year earlier, Russia had become involved in the Crimean War, a conflict fought primarily in the Crimean peninsula. Since playing a major role in the defeat of Napoleon, Russia had been regarded as militarily invincible, but, once opposed against a coalition of the great powers of Europe, the reverses it suffered on land and sea exposed the decay and weakness of Tsar Nicholas' regime.
When Alexander II ascended the throne in 1855, desire for reform was widespread among the populace. A growing humanitarian movement, which in later years has been compared to that of the abolitionists in the United States before the American Civil War, attacked serfdom. In 1859, there were more than 23 million serfs living under conditions worse than those of the peasants of western Europe on 16th-century manors. Alexander II made up his own mind to abolish serfdom from above, rather than wait for it to be abolished from below in a revolutionary way.
The emancipation of the serfs in 1861 was the single most important event in 19th-century Russian history. It was the beginning of the end for the landed aristocracy's monopoly of power. Emancipation brought a supply of free labor to the cities, industry was stimulated, and the middle class grew in number and influence. However, instead of receiving their lands as a gift, the freed peasants had to pay a special tax for what amounted to their lifetime to the government, which in turn paid the landlords a generous price for the land that they had lost. In numerous cases the peasants ended up with the smallest amount of land. All the property turned over to the peasants was owned collectively by the "mir", the village community, which divided the land among the peasants and supervised the various holdings. Although serfdom was abolished, since its abolition was achieved on terms unfavorable to the peasants, revolutionary tensions were not abated, despite Alexander II's intentions. Revolutionaries believed that the newly freed serfs were merely being sold into wage slavery in the onset of the industrial revolution, and that the bourgeoisie had effectively replaced landowners.
Alexander II invaded Outer Manchuria from the Chinese Empire between 1858–1860 and sold Russian America to the USA in 1867. In the late 1870s Russia and the Ottoman Empire again clashed in the Balkans. From 1875 to 1877, the Balkan crisis intensified with rebellions against the Ottoman rule by various Slavic nationalities, which the Ottoman Turks dominated since the 16th century. This was seen as a political risk in Russia, which similarly suppressed Muslims in Central Asia and Caucasia. Russian nationalist opinion became a major domestic factor in its support for liberating Balkan Christians from the Ottoman rule and making Bulgaria and Serbia independent. In early 1877, Russia intervened on behalf of Serbian and Russian volunteer forces when it went to war with the Ottoman Empire. Within one year, Russian troops were nearing Constantinople, and the Ottomans surrendered. Russia's nationalist diplomats and generals persuaded Alexander II to force the Ottomans to sign the Treaty of San Stefano in March 1878, creating an enlarged, independent Bulgaria that stretched into the southwestern Balkans. When Britain threatened to declare war over the terms of the Treaty of San Stefano, an exhausted Russia backed down. At the Congress of Berlin in July 1878, Russia agreed to the creation of a smaller Bulgaria, as an autonomous principality inside the Ottoman Empire. As a result, Pan-Slavists were left with a legacy of bitterness against Austria-Hungary and Germany for failing to back Russia. The disappointment at the results of the war stimulated revolutionary tensions in the country. However, he helped Serbia, Romania and Montenegro to gain independence from and strengthen themselves against the Ottomans.
Following Alexander's assassination by the Narodnaya Volya, a Nihilist terrorist organization, in 1881, the throne passed to his son Alexander III (1881–1894), a reactionary who revived the maxim of "Autocracy, Orthodoxy, and Respect to the People" of Nicholas I. A committed Slavophile, Alexander III believed that Russia could be saved from turmoil only by shutting itself off from the subversive influences of Western Europe. During his reign Russia declared the union with republican France to contain the growing power of Germany, completed the conquest of Central Asia and demanded important territorial and commercial concessions from China.
The tsar's most influential adviser was Konstantin Petrovich Pobedonostsev, tutor to Alexander III and his son Nicholas, and procurator of the Holy Synod from 1880 to 1895. He taught his royal pupils to fear freedom of speech and press, as well as disliking democracy, constitutions, and the parliamentary system. Under Pobedonostsev, revolutionaries were persecuted and a policy of Russification was carried out throughout the Empire.
Early twentieth century.
In 1894, Alexander III was succeeded by his son, Nicholas II, who was committed to retaining the autocracy that his father had left him. The Industrial Revolution began to show significant influence in Russia. The liberal elements among industrial capitalists and nobility believed in peaceful social reform and a constitutional monarchy, forming the Constitutional Democrats, or Kadets. The Socialist-Revolutionaries (SRs) incorporated the Narodnik tradition and advocated the distribution of land among those who actually worked it — the peasants. Another radical group was the Social Democrats, exponents of Marxism in Russia. The Social Democrats differed from the SRs in that they believed a revolution must rely on urban workers, not the peasantry.
In 1903, at the Social Democrat party's Second Congress in London, the party split into two wings: the gradualist Mensheviks and the more radical Bolsheviks. The Mensheviks believed that the Russian working class was insufficiently developed and that socialism could be achieved only after a period of bourgeois democratic rule. They thus tended to ally themselves with the forces of bourgeois liberalism. The Bolsheviks, under Vladimir Lenin, supported the idea of forming a small elite of professional revolutionists, subject to strong party discipline, to act as the vanguard of the proletariat in order to seize power by force.
Defeat in the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905) was a major blow to the Tsarist regime and further increased the potential for unrest. In January 1905, an incident known as "Bloody Sunday" occurred when Father Gapon led an enormous crowd to the Winter Palace in Saint Petersburg to present a petition to the Tsar. When the procession reached the palace, Cossacks opened fire on the crowd, killing hundreds. The Russian masses were so furious over the massacre that a general strike was declared demanding a democratic republic. This marked the beginning of the Russian Revolution of 1905. Soviets (councils of workers) appeared in most cities to direct revolutionary activity. Russia was paralyzed, and the government was desperate.
In 1904, Nicholas and his wife, Tsarina Alexandra, after having four girls, finally had a son, Tsarevich Alexei. However, Alexei inherited from Alexandra, who was a granddaughter of England's Queen Victoria, the genetic disease hemophilia, an illness which had afflicted many other European royal descendants of the queen. The illness of Alexei led to the astonishing rise of the semi-illiterate Siberian peasant Grigori Rasputin, at court, who had was said to have had healing powers for the heir to the throne. In time, he would have increasing influence on the court, especially the mystical Alexandra.
Tsar Nicholas II and his subjects entered World War I with enthusiasm and patriotism, with the defense of Russia's fellow Orthodox Slavs, the Serbs, as the main battle cry. In August 1914, the Russian army invaded Germany's province of East Prussia and occupied a significant portion of Austrian-controlled Galicia in support of the Serbs and their allies - the French and British. Military reversals and shortages among the civilian population, however, soon soured much of the population. German control of the Baltic Sea and German-Ottoman control of the Black Sea severed Russia from most of its foreign supplies and potential markets.
By the middle of 1915, the impact of the war was demoralizing. Food and fuel were in short supply, casualties were increasing, and inflation was mounting. Strikes increased among low-paid factory workers, and there were reports that peasants, who wanted reforms of land ownership, were restless. The tsar eventually decided to take personal command of the army and moved to the front, leaving Alexandra in charge in the capital. Alexandra, in turn, relied heavily on Rasputin. Rasputin's assassination in late 1916 by a clique of nobles ended the scandal but did not restore the autocracy's lost prestige.
On 3 March 1917, a strike was organized on a factory in the capital Saint Petersburg; within a week nearly all the workers in the city were idle, and street fighting broke out.
The strikers held mass meetings in defiance of the regime, and the army openly sided with the workers. A few days later a provisional government headed by Georgy Lvov was named by the Duma. Meanwhile, the socialists in Saint Petersburg had formed a Soviet (council) of workers' and soldiers' deputies, forming an uneasy alliance with the Provisional Government. With his authority destroyed, Nicholas abdicated on 2 March 1917 (Julian calendar; the Gregorian date was 15 March). He and his family were subsequently executed by the Bolsheviks in 1918, during the Russian Civil War.
Territory.
Boundaries.
The administrative boundaries of European Russia, apart from Finland and its portion of Poland, coincided approximately with the natural limits of the East-European plains. In the North it met the Arctic Ocean. The islands of Novaya Zemlya, Kolguyev and Vaigach also belonged to it, but the Kara Sea was referred to Siberia. To the East it had the Asiatic territories of the Empire, Siberia and the Kyrgyz steppes, from both of which it was separated by the Ural Mountains, the Ural River and the Caspian Sea — the administrative boundary, however, partly extending into Asia on the Siberian slope of the Urals. To the South it had the Black Sea and Caucasus, being separated from the latter by the Manych depression, which in Post-Pliocene times connected the Sea of Azov with the Caspian. The West boundary was purely conventional: it crossed the peninsula of Kola from the Varangerfjord to the Gulf of Bothnia. Thence it ran to the Kurisches Haff in the southern Baltic, and thence to the mouth of the Danube, taking a great circular sweep to the West to embrace Poland, and separating Russia from Prussia, Austrian Galicia and Romania.
It is a special feature of Russia that it has few free outlets to the open sea other than on the ice-bound shores of the Arctic Ocean. The deep indentations of the gulfs of Bothnia and Finland were surrounded by what is ethnological Finnish territory, and it is only at the very head of the latter gulf that the Russians had taken firm foothold by erecting their capital at the mouth of the Neva. The Gulf of Riga and the Baltic belong also to territory which was not inhabited by Slavs, but by Baltic and Finnish peoples and by Germans. The East coast of the Black Sea belonged to Transcaucasia, a great chain of mountains separating it from Russia. But even this sheet of water is an inland sea, the only outlet of which, the Bosphorus, was in foreign hands, while the Caspian, an immense shallow lake, mostly bordered by deserts, possessed more importance as a link between Russia and its Asiatic settlements than as a channel for intercourse with other countries.
Geography.
By the end of the 19th century the size of the empire was about or almost 1/6 of the Earth's landmass; its only rival in size at the time was the British Empire. However, at this time, the majority of the population lived in European Russia. More than 100 different ethnic groups lived in the Russian Empire, with ethnic Russians comprising about 45% of the population.
Territorial development.
In addition to almost the entire territory of modern Russia, prior to 1917 the Russian Empire included most of Ukraine (Dnieper Ukraine and Crimea), Belarus, Moldova (Bessarabia), Finland (Grand Principality of Finland), Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia (including Mengrelia), the Central Asian states of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan (Russian Turkestan), most of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia (Baltic provinces), as well as a significant portion of Poland (Kingdom of Poland) and Ardahan, Artvin, Iğdır, Kars and northeastern part of Erzurum from Turkey (then part of the Ottoman Empire). Between 1742 and 1867, the Russian Empire administered Alaska as a colony. The Russian-American Company also established settlements in Hawaii, including Fort Elizabeth and as far south in North America as Fort Ross Colony in Sonoma County just north of San Francisco. Both Fort Ross and the Russian River in California got their names from these Russian settlers, who had staked claims in a region that was, at the time, claimed as part of New Spain.
Following the Swedish defeat in the Finnish War and the signing of the Treaty of Fredrikshamn on 17 September 1809, the eastern half of Sweden, the area that then became Finland was incorporated into the Russian Empire as an autonomous grand principality. The Tsar eventually ended up ruling the Finland as a semi-constitutional monarch through his governor and a native Finnish Senate appointed by him. The Emperor never explicitly recognized Finland as a constitutional state in its own right, however, although his Finnish subjects came to consider the grand principality as one.
During World War I, Russia briefly occupied a small part of East Prussia, then part of Germany; a significant portion of Austrian Galicia; and significant portions of Ottoman Armenia. While the modern Russian Federation currently controls the Kaliningrad Oblast, which comprised the northern part of East Prussia, this is a different area than that captured by the Empire in 1914, though there was some overlap: Gusev ("Ger": Gumbinnen) was the site of the initial Russian victory.
Imperial territories.
According to the 1st article of the Organic law, the Russian Empire was one indivisible state. In addition, the 26th article stated that "With the Imperial Russian throne are indivisible the Kingdom of Poland and Grand Principality of Finland". Relations with the Grand Principality of Finland were also regulated by the 2nd article, "The Grand Principality of Finland, constituted an indivisible part of the Russian state, in its internal affairs governed by special regulations at the base of special laws" and the law of 10 June 1910.
Between 1744 and 1867, the empire also controlled the so-called "Russian America". With the exception of this territorymodern-day Alaskathe Russian Empire was a contiguous mass of land spanning Europe and Asia. In this it differed from contemporary colonial-style empires. The result of this was that while the British and French Empire declined in the 20th century, the Russian Empire kept a large portion of its territory, first as the Communist Soviet Union, and latter as part of the present-day Russian Federation.
Furthermore, the empire at times controlled concession territories, notably the port of Kwantung and the Chinese Eastern Railway Zone, both conceded by imperial China, as well as a concession in Tianjin. See for these periods of extraterritorial control the relations between the Empire of Japan and the Russian Empire.
In 1815, Dr. Schäffer, a Russian entrepreneur, went to Kauai and negotiated a treaty of protection with the island's governor Kaumualii, vassal of King Kamehameha I of Hawaii, but the Russian Tsar refused to ratify the treaty. See also Orthodox Church in Hawaii and Russian Fort Elizabeth.
In 1889, a Russian adventurer, Nikolay Ivanovitch Achinov, tried to establish a Russian colony in Africa, Sagallo, situated on the Gulf of Tadjoura in present-day Djibouti. However this attempt angered the French, who dispatched two gunboats against the colony. After a brief resistance, the colony surrendered and the Russian settlers were deported to Odessa.
Government and administration.
From its initial creation until the 1905 Revolution, the Russian Empire was controlled by its tsar/emperor as an absolute monarch, under the system of tsarist autocracy. After the Revolution of 1905, Russia developed a new type of government which became difficult to categorize. In the Almanach de Gotha for 1910, Russia was described as "a constitutional monarchy under an autocratic tsar." This contradiction in terms demonstrated the difficulty of precisely defining the system, essentially transitional and meanwhile "sui generis", established in the Russian Empire after October 1905. Before this date, the fundamental laws of Russia described the power of the Emperor as "autocratic and unlimited." After October 1905, while the imperial style was still "Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias", the fundamental laws were remodeled by removing the word "unlimited". While the emperor retained many of his old prerogatives, including an absolute veto over all legislation, he equally agreed to the establishment of an elected parliament, without whose consent no laws were to be enacted in Russia. Not that the regime in Russia had become in any true sense constitutional, far less parliamentary. But the "unlimited autocracy" had given place to a "self-limited autocracy." Whether this autocracy was to be permanently limited by the new changes, or only at the continuing discretion of the autocrat, became a subject of heated controversy between conflicting parties in the state. Provisionally, then, the Russian governmental system may perhaps be best defined as "a limited monarchy under an autocratic emperor."
Emperor.
Peter the Great changed his title from Tsar in 1721, when he was declared "Emperor of all Russia." While later rulers kept this title, the ruler of Russia was commonly known as "Tsar" or "Tsaritsa" until the fall of the Empire during the February Revolution of 1917. Prior to the issuance of the October Manifesto, the Emperor ruled as an absolute monarch, subject to only two limitations on his authority (both of which were intended to protect the existing system): the Emperor and his consort must both belong to the Russian Orthodox Church, and he must obey the laws of succession (Pauline Laws) established by Paul I. Beyond this, the power of the Russian Autocrat was virtually limitless.
On 17 October 1905, the situation changed: the Emperor voluntarily limited his legislative power by decreeing that no measure was to become law without the consent of the Imperial Duma, a freely elected national assembly established by the Organic Law issued on 28 April 1906. However, the Emperor retained the right to disband the newly established Duma, and he exercised this right more than once. He also retained an absolute veto over all legislation, and only he could initiate any changes to the Organic Law itself. His ministers were responsible solely to him, and not to the Duma or any other authority, which could question but not remove them. Thus, while the Emperor's power was limited in scope after 28 April 1906, it still remained formidable.
Imperial Council.
Under Russia's revised Fundamental Law of 20 February 1906, the Council of the Empire was associated with the Duma as a legislative Upper House; from this time the legislative power was exercised normally by the Emperor only in concert with the two chambers.
The Council of the Empire, or Imperial Council, as reconstituted for this purpose, consisted of 196 members, of whom 98 were nominated by the Emperor, while 98 were elective. The ministers, also nominated, were "ex officio" members. Of the elected members, 3 were returned by the "black" clergy (the monks), 3 by the "white" clergy (seculars), 18 by the corporations of nobles, 6 by the academy of sciences and the universities, 6 by the chambers of commerce, 6 by the industrial councils, 34 by the governments having zemstvos, 16 by those having no zemstvos, and 6 by Poland. As a legislative body the powers of the Council were coordinate with those of the Duma; in practice, however, it has seldom if ever initiated legislation.
State Duma and the electoral system.
The Duma of the Empire or Imperial Duma (Gosudarstvennaya Duma), which formed the Lower House of the Russian parliament, consisted (since the ukaz of 2 June 1907) of 442 members, elected by an exceedingly complicated process. The membership was manipulated as to secure an overwhelming majority of the wealthy (especially the landed classes) and also for the representatives of the Russian peoples at the expense of the subject nations. Each province of the Empire, except Central Asia, returned a certain number of members; added to these were those returned by several large cities. The members of the Duma were chosen by electoral colleges and these, in their turn, were elected in assemblies of the three classes: landed proprietors, citizens and peasants. In these assemblies the wealthiest proprietors sat in person while the lesser proprietors were represented by delegates. The urban population was divided into two categories according to taxable wealth, and elected delegates directly to the college of the Governorates. The peasants were represented by delegates selected by the regional subdivisions called volosts. Workmen were treated in special manner with every industrial concern employing fifty hands or over electing one or more delegates to the electoral college.
In the college itself, the voting for the Duma was by secret ballot and a simple majority carried the day. Since the majority consisted of conservative elements (the landowners and urban delegates), the progressives had little chance of representation at all save for the curious provision that one member at least in each government was to be chosen from each of the five classes represented in the college. That the Duma had any radical elements was mainly due to the peculiar franchise enjoyed by the seven largest towns — Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Kiev, Odessa, Riga and the Polish cities of Warsaw and Łódź. These elected their delegates to the Duma directly, and though their votes were divided (on the basis of taxable property) in such a way as to give the advantage to wealth, each returned the same number of delegates.
Council of Ministers.
By the law of 18 October 1905, to assist the Emperor in the supreme administration a Council of Ministers (Sovyet Ministrov) was created, under a "minister president", the first appearance of a prime minister in Russia. This council consists of all the ministers and of the heads of the principal administrations. The ministries were as follows:
Most Holy Synod.
The Most Holy Synod (established in 1721) was the supreme organ of government of the Orthodox Church in Russia. It was presided over by a lay procurator, representing the Emperor, and consisted of the three metropolitans of Moscow, Saint Petersburg and Kiev, the archbishop of Georgia, and a number of bishops sitting in rotation.
Senate.
The Senate (Pravitelstvuyushchi Senat, i.e. directing or governing senate), originally established during the Government reform of Peter I, consisted of members nominated by the Emperor. Its wide variety of functions were carried out by the different departments into which it was divided. It was the supreme court of cassation; an audit office, a high court of justice for all political offences; one of its departments fulfilled the functions of a heralds' college. It also had supreme jurisdiction in all disputes arising out of the administration of the Empire, notably differences between representatives of the central power and the elected organs of local self-government. Lastly, it promulgated new laws, a function which theoretically gave it a power akin to that of the Supreme Court of the United States, of rejecting measures not in accordance with fundamental laws.
Administrative divisions.
For the purposes of administration, Russia was divided (as of 1914) into 81 governorates ("guberniyas"), 20 oblasts, and 1 okrug. Vassals and protectorates of the Russian Empire included the Emirate of Bukhara, the Khanate of Khiva and, after 1914, Tuva (Uriankhai). Of these 11 Governorates, 17 oblasts and 1 okrug (Sakhalin) belonged to Asian Russia. Of the rest 8 Governorates were in Finland, 10 in Poland. European Russia thus embraced 59 governorates and 1 oblast (that of the Don). The Don Oblast was under the direct jurisdiction of the ministry of war; the rest had each a governor and deputy-governor, the latter presiding over the administrative council. In addition there were governors-general, generally placed over several governorates and armed with more extensive powers usually including the command of the troops within the limits of their jurisdiction. In 1906, there were governors-general in Finland, Warsaw, Vilna, Kiev, Moscow, and Riga. The larger cities (Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Odessa, Sevastopol, Kerch, Nikolayev, Rostov) had an administrative system of their own, independent of the governorates; in these the chief of police acted as governor.
Judicial system.
The judicial system of the Russian Empire, existed from the mid-19th century, was established by the "tsar emancipator" Alexander II, by the statute of 20 November 1864 ("Sudebny Ustav"). This system — based partly on English, partly on French models — was built up on certain broad principles: the separation of the judicial and administrative functions, the independence of the judges and courts, the publicity of trials and oral procedure, the equality of all classes before the law. Moreover, a democratic element was introduced by the adoption of the jury system and—so far as one order of tribunal was concerned—the election of judges. The establishment of a judicial system on these principles constituted a major change in the conception of the Russian state, which, by placing the administration of justice outside the sphere of the executive power, ceased to be a despotism. This fact made the system especially obnoxious to the bureaucracy, and during the latter years of Alexander II and the reign of Alexander III there was a piecemeal taking back of what had been given. It was reserved for the third Duma, after the 1905 Revolution, to begin the reversal of this process.
The system established by the law of 1864 was significant in that it set up two wholly separate orders of tribunals, each having their own courts of appeal and coming in contact only in the Senate, as the supreme court of cassation. The first of these, based on the English model, are the courts of the elected justices of the peace, with jurisdiction over petty causes, whether civil or criminal; the second, based on the French model, are the ordinary tribunals of nominated judges, sitting with or without a jury to hear important cases.
Local administration.
Alongside the local organs of the central government in Russia there are three classes of local elected bodies charged with administrative functions:
Municipal dumas.
Since 1870 the municipalities in European Russia have had institutions like those of the zemstvos. All owners of houses, and tax-paying merchants, artisans and workmen are enrolled on lists in a descending order according to their assessed wealth. The total valuation is then divided into three equal parts, representing three groups of electors very unequal in number, each of which elects an equal number of delegates to the municipal duma. The executive is in the hands of an elective mayor and an "uprava", which consists of several members elected by the duma. Under Alexander III, however, by laws promulgated in 1892 and 1894, the municipal dumas were subordinated to the governors in the same way as the zemstvos. In 1894 municipal institutions, with still more restricted powers, were granted to several towns in Siberia, and in 1895 to some in Caucasia.
Baltic provinces.
The formerly Swedish controlled Baltic provinces (Courland, Livonia and Estonia) were incorporated into the Russian Empire after the defeat of Sweden in the Great Northern War. Under the Treaty of Nystad of 1721, the Baltic German nobility retained considerable powers
of self-government and numerous privileges in matters affecting education, police and the administration of local justice. After 167 years of German language administration and education, laws were declared in 1888 and 1889 where the rights of the police and manorial justice were transferred from Baltic German control to officials of the central government. Since about the same time a process of Russification was being carried out in the same provinces, in all departments of administration, in the higher schools and in the Imperial University of Dorpat, the name of which was altered to Yuriev. In 1893 district committees for the management of the peasants' affairs, similar to those in the purely Russian governments, were introduced into this part of the empire.
Infrastructure.
Railways.
The planning and building of the railway network after 1860 had far-reaching effects on the economy, culture, and ordinary life of Russia. The central authorities and the imperial elite made most of the key decisions, but local elites set up a demand for rail linkages. Local nobles, merchants, and entrepreneurs imagined the future from "locality" '(mestnost')' to "empire" to promote their regional interests. Often they had to compete with other cities. By envisioning their own role in a rail network they came to understand how important they were to the empire's economy. The Russian army built two major railway lines in Central Asia during the 1880s. The Trans-Caucasian Railway connected the oil center of Batumi on the Black Sea and the city of Baku on the Caspian Sea. The Trans-Caspian Railway began at Krasnovodsk on the Caspian Sea and reached Bukhara, Samarkand and Tashkent. Both lines served the commercial and strategic needs of the Empire, and facilitated migration.
Religion.
The Russian Empire's state religion was Russian Orthodox Christianity. Its head was the tsar, who held the title of supreme defender of the Church. Although he made and annulled all appointments, he did not determine the questions of dogma or church teaching. The principal ecclesiastical authority was the Holy Synod, the head of which, the Over Procurator of the Holy Synod, was one of the council of ministers and exercised very wide powers in ecclesiastical matters. All religions were freely professed, except that certain restrictions were laid upon the Jews. According to returns published in 1905, based on the Russian Empire Census of 1897, adherents of the different religious communities in the whole of the Russian empire numbered approximately as follows.
The ecclesiastical heads of the national Russian Orthodox Church consisted of three metropolitans (Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Kiev), fourteen archbishops and fifty bishops, all drawn from the ranks of the monastic (celibate) clergy. The parochial clergy had to be married when appointed, but if left widowers were not allowed to marry again; this rule continues to apply today.
Military.
The Russian Empire's military consisted of the Imperial Russian Army, Imperial Russian Navy, and the Imperial Russian Air Force.
Society.
The Russian Empire was, predominantly, a rural society spread over vast spaces. In 1913, 80% of the people were peasants. Soviet historiography proclaimed that the Russian Empire of the 19th century was characterized by systemic crisis, which impoverished the workers and peasants and culminated in the revolutions of the early 20th century. Recent research by Russian scholars disputes this interpretation. Mironov assesses the effects of the reforms of latter 19th-century especially in terms of the 1861 emancipation of the serfs, agricultural output trends, various standard of living indicators, and taxation of peasants. He argues that they brought about measurable improvements in social welfare. More generally, he finds that the well-being of the Russian people declined during the most of the 18th century, but increased slowly from the end of the 18th century to 1914.
Estates.
Subjects of the Russian Empire were segregated into "sosloviyes", or social estates (classes) such as nobility ("dvoryanstvo"), clergy, merchants, cossacks and peasants. Native people of the Caucasus, non-ethnic Russian areas such as Tartarstan, Bashkirstan, Siberia and Central Asia were officially registered as a category called "inorodtsy" (non-Slavic, literally: "people of another origin").
A majority of the people, 81.6%, belonged to the peasant order, the others were: nobility, 0.6%; clergy, 0.1%; the burghers and merchants, 9.3%; and military, 6.1%. More than 88 million of the Russians were peasants. A part of them were formerly serfs (10,447,149 males in 1858) – the remainder being " state peasants " (9,194,891 males in 1858, exclusive of the Archangel Governorate) and " domain peasants " (842,740 males the same year).
Serfdom.
The serfdom which had developed in Russia in the 16th century, and became enshrined by law in 1649, was abolished in 1861.
The household servants or dependents attached to the personal service were merely set free, while the landed peasants received their houses and orchards, and allotments of arable land. These allotments were given over to the rural commune ("mir"), which was made responsible for the payment of taxes for the allotments. For these allotments the peasants had to pay a fixed rent which could be fulfilled by personal labour. The allotments could be redeemed by peasants with the help of the Crown, and then they were freed from all obligations to the landlord. The Crown paid the landlord and the peasants had to repay the Crown, for forty-nine years at 6% interest. The financial redemption to the landlord was not calculated on the value of the allotments, but was considered as a compensation for the loss of the compulsory labour of the serfs. Many proprietors contrived to curtail the allotments which the peasants had occupied under serfdom, and frequently deprived them of precisely the parts of which they were most in need: pasture lands around their houses. The result was to compel the peasants to rent land from their former masters.
Peasants.
After the Emancipation reform, one quarter of peasants received allotments of only per male, and one-half less than 8.5 to 11.4 acres; the normal size of the allotment necessary for the subsistence of a family under the three-fields system is estimated at 28 to . Land must thus of necessity be rented from the landlords. The aggregate value of the redemption and land taxes often reached 185 to 275% of the normal rental value of the allotments, not to speak of taxes for recruiting purposes, the church, roads, local administration and so on, chiefly levied from the peasants. The areas increased every year; one-fifth of the inhabitants left their houses; cattle disappeared. Every year more than half the adult males (in some districts three-quarters of the men and one-third of the women) quit their homes and wandered throughout Russia in search of labor. In the governments of the Black Earth Area the state of matters was hardly better. Many peasants took "gratuitous allotments," whose amount was about one-eighth of the normal allotments.
The average allotment in Kherson was only , and for allotments from 2.9 to the peasants pay 5 to 10 rubles of redemption tax. The state peasants were better off, but still they were emigrating in masses. It was only in the steppe governments that the situation was more hopeful. In Ukraine, where the allotments were personal (the mir existing only among state peasants), the state of affairs does not differ for the better, on account of the high redemption taxes. In the western provinces, where the land was valued cheaper and the allotments somewhat increased after the Polish insurrection, the general situation was better. Finally, in the Baltic provinces nearly all the land belonged to the German landlords, who either farmed the land themselves, with hired laborers, or let it in small farms. Only one quarter of the peasants were farmers; the remainder were mere laborers.
Landowners.
The situation of the former serf-proprietors was also unsatisfactory. Accustomed to the use of compulsory labor, they failed to adapt to the new conditions. The millions of rubles of redemption money received from the crown was spent without any real or lasting agricultural improvements having been effected. The forests were sold, and the only prosperous landlords were those who exacted rack-rents for the land without which the peasants could not live upon their allotments. During the years 1861 to 1892 the land owned by the nobles decreased 30%, or from 210,000,000 to 150,000,000 acres (610,000 km2); during the following four years an additional were sold; and since then the sales went on at an accelerated rate, until in 1903 alone close to 2,000,000 acres (8,000 km2) passed out of their hands. On the other hand, since 1861, and more especially since 1882, when the Peasant Land Bank was founded for making advances to peasants who were desirous of purchasing land, the former serfs, or rather their descendants, had between 1883 and 1904 bought about from their former masters. There was an increase of wealth among the few, but along with this a general impoverishment of the mass of the people, and the peculiar institution of the mir—framed on the principle of community of ownership and occupation of the land--, the effect was not conducive to the growth of individual effort. In November 1906, however, the emperor Nicholas II promulgated a provisional order permitting the peasants to become freeholders of allotments made at the time of emancipation, all redemption dues being remitted. This measure, which was endorsed by the third Duma in an act passed on 21 December 1908, is calculated to have far-reaching and profound effects on the rural economy of Russia. Thirteen years previously the government had endeavored to secure greater fixity and permanence of tenure by providing that at least twelve years must elapse between every two redistributions of the land belonging to a mir amongst those entitled to share in it. The order of November 1906 had provided that the various strips of land held by each peasant should be merged into a single holding; the Duma, however, on the advice of the government, left this to the future, as an ideal that could only gradually be realized.

</doc>
<doc id="20611519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611519" title="Follow the Leaders">
Follow the Leaders

Follow the Leaders is Killing Joke's only single from their second studio album, "What's THIS For...!". It reached number fifty-five in the UK Singles Chart in May, 1981, and number twenty-five in the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs
The 7" single was released under Polydor in Italy, and E'G Records in Spain. Both releases featured a different track of "Follow the Leaders" than the 10" single.

</doc>
<doc id="20611529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611529" title="Justus Thorner">
Justus Thorner

Justus Thorner was the owner of the Cincinnati Red Stockings baseball team from through , and a major player in the formation of the American Association. Prior to 1882, Throner had owned the Cincinnati ballclub in the National League. After the 1880 season, Thorner's club was expelled from the league, which spurred the creation of the new American Association. Thorner took ownership of the AA's Cincinnati franchise and in 1882 his team won that league's first pennant. After the 1890 season, he sold the franchise to John T. Brush, who would move the team to the National League after the American Association folded.

</doc>
<doc id="20611538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611538" title="Duddon">
Duddon

Duddon is a small settlement in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It is on the A51 road and is east of the town of Chester. Local features include Duddon St. Peter's Church and St. Peter's Primary School. The church was erected in 1835 as a chapel of ease to the parish church at Tarvin. It was built in the early English style at a cost of £603 to the designs of William Railton.
Legend of the "Headless Woman".
The name of the Headless Woman public house name recalls the local legend of Grace Trigg who died in about 1664. She was a servant at nearby Hockenhull Hall, found hiding in a cellar there by Oliver Cromwell's parliamentarian soldiers after the royalist owners had fled. They tortured her to force her to reveal where the family valuables were hidden and, when she would not tell them, beheaded her in the attic, dragged her body downstairs and dumped it off one of the "Roman Bridges" (a pair of medieval packhorse bridges on the River Gowy, still standing today at the end of Platts Lane in Hockenhull).
Legend has it that, 250 years following her beheading, the inn's owners, after researching the story, ascended to the attic to discover the bloodstains were still present where she had been killed. For nearly 300 years, her ghost has been reported to wander the roads about Duddon, visiting the local park and bridges, and has been seen returning to her place of execution at the Headless Woman pub. Local farmers have reported seeing her ghost walking through rows of maize. She reportedly carries her severed head beneath her arm. The most common sightings of her ghost have been at the Roman Bridges in Hockenhull. In 2009, a professional paranormal investigation took place at the pub and bridges by local investigators to gather evidence of her ghost. With their instruments, they were able to detect unexplained sounds and many more mysterious pieces of evidence that could reveal her actual presence.

</doc>
<doc id="20611557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611557" title="Pink-In">
Pink-In

Pink-In is the 70th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther spends the day in his attic rummaging through an old trunk. Inside, he finds several old letters from his former Army friend, Loudmouth Louie, which causes the panther to reminisce about his past. Firstly, Louie says that he wouldn't forget the day the panther joined the Army ("G.I. Pink") then reminds him of a short-lived job the panther had as a railway porter ("Pink in the Clink"). Next, Louie reminds the panther of when the latter was offered the former's apartment whilst Louie was out of town; aside from a small shower mishap the panther had, Louie said he had forgiven him for ruining his toothbrush ("Pink Pajamas") and also for taking a single egg left in the refrigerator ("Pickled Pink"), as well as reminding him of the night he accidentally got into a neighbour's apartment when he came home late (also "Pink Pajamas"). Then Louie mentions about when the panther went into his "Super Speedy Messenger Service" business when he left, one delivery of which was continuously stymied by a dog ("The Pink Package Plot"). Louie finishes the letters there, adding a postscript asking if the panther ever did deliver the package.
Production.
"Pink-In" was the first "best of" entry in the "Pink Panther" series. This was done by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises (DFE) in an effort to both save the studio money as well as produce enough new entries in time for television broadcast on "The Pink Panther Show". Another benefit of recycling scenes from previous entries was that it would cost DFE half of what a normal episode costs to produce, but would still allow them to sell syndication rights at full price.
Referenced clips.
"Pink-In" recycles clips from the following episodes:
Laugh track.
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the "Pink Panther" cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. Currently, the laugh-tracked version airs on Poland channels TV 4, TV 6.

</doc>
<doc id="20611561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611561" title="Bart McCulloch">
Bart McCulloch

Bart McCulloch (born 23 September 1990) is an Australian rules footballer for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League. 
He was selected with the Brisbane Lions' fifth selection (pick 69 overall) in the 2008 National Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20611562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611562" title="Indian subcontinent">
Indian subcontinent

The Indian subcontinent is a southerly region of Asia, mostly situated on the Indian Plate and projecting southward into the Indian Ocean. Definitions of the extent of the Indian subcontinent differ but it usually includes the core lands of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Definition and nomenclature.
The geographical definition of the Indian subcontinent varies. Historically forming the whole territory of Greater India, now it generally comprises the countries of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh; prior to 1947, the three nations were historically combined and constituted British India. It almost always also includes Nepal, Bhutan and the island country of Sri Lanka, and may also include Afghanistan and the island country of Maldives. The region may also include the disputed territory of Aksai Chin, which was part of the British Indian princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, but is now administered as part of the Chinese autonomous region of Xinjiang. A booklet published by the United States Department of State in 1959 includes Afghanistan, Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, Nepal, and Pakistan (including East Pakistan, now Bangladesh) as part of the "Subcontinent of South Asia". When the term Indian subcontinent is used to mean South Asia, the island countries of Sri Lanka and the Maldives may sometimes not be included, while Tibet and Nepal may be included or excluded intermittently, depending on the context.
As there is a lack or no coherent definition for Indian subcontinent or South Asia (see the article South Asia for multiple definitions), the terms "Indian subcontinent" and "South Asia" are used interchangeably by some due to political reasons. In "Religions of South Asia", Sushil Mittal and Gene R. Thursby state that the Indian subcontinent and South Asia refer to the same area. Due to political sensitivities, some prefer to use the terms "South Asian subcontinent", the "Indo-Pak-Bangladesh subcontinent", the "Indo-Pak subcontinent", "the subcontinent", or simply "South Asia" over the term "Indian subcontinent". Historians Sugata Bose and Ayesha Jalal hold the view that the Indian subcontinent has come to be known as South Asia "in more recent and neutral parlance." though their view is not acceptable to many. Indologist Ronald B. Inden argues that the usage of the term "South Asia" is getting more widespread since it clearly distinguishes the region from East Asia. Some academics hold that the term "South Asia" is in more common use in Europe and North America, rather than the terms "subcontinent" or the "Indian subcontinent".
According to political science professor Tatu Vanhanen, "The seven countries of South Asia constitute geographically a compact region around the Indian Subcontinent"; while according to anthropologist John R. Lukacs, "The Indian Subcontinent occupies the major landmass of South Asia." According to Chris Brewster, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal and Bhutan constitute the Indian subcontinent; with Afghanistan, Iran and Maldives included it is more commonly referred to as South Asia. While using both terms to mean the same region in "Religion and Conflict in Modern South Asia" Dr. William Gould of University of Leeds explains that "South Asia" is a geopolitical as well as a geographical term.
Geography.
Geographically, the Indian subcontinent is a peninsular region in south-central Asia, delineated by the Himalayas in the north, the Hindu Kush in the west, and the Arakanese in the east, and extending southward into the Indian Ocean with the Arabian Sea to the southwest and the Bay of Bengal to the southeast. Most of this region rests on the Indian Plate and is isolated from the rest of Asia by mountain barriers. The Indian Plate includes most of South Asia, forming a land mass which extends from the Himalayas into a portion of the basin under the Indian Ocean, including parts of South China and Eastern Indonesia, as well as Kuen Lun and Karakoram ranges, and extending up to but not including Ladakh, Kohistan, the Hindu Kush range and Balochistan.
Using a more expansive definition – counting India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan and Maldives as the constituent countries – the Indian subcontinent covers about 4.4 million km² (1.7 million mi²), which is 10% of the Asian continent or 3.3% of the world's land surface area. Overall, it accounts for about 45% of Asia's population (or over 25% of the world's population) and is home to a vast array of peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="20611564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611564" title="TACO Faurecia Design Center">
TACO Faurecia Design Center

TACO Faurecia Design Center Pvt. Ltd. (TFDC) was an Indo French engineering design company. It was a 50:50 joint venture between Tata AutoComp Systems Limited (TACO) of India and Faurecia Automotive Holdings of France. It provided automotive components design services exclusively to Faurecia.
The company designed and developed seating systems, dashboards, car doors, bumpers and other components for Faurecia's clients, which include BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Ford Motor Company, General Motors, Peugeot Citroën, Renault Nissan, Toyota, the Volkswagen group, Chrysler and Hyundai-Kia.
Takeover by Faurecia.
On 1 December 2009, Faurecia purchased the 50% stake of Tata in TFDC. As a result, TFDC became a part of Faurecia. The price of Faurecia's shares at the Euronext Paris rose by around 4.5% in the wake of this news.
Parent Companies.
Tata AutoComp Systems Limited (TACO).
The TACO group of companies was established by the Tata Group, which has several decades of experience in the automotive industry. The TACO group offers a range of products and services in the field of auto components to automotive vehicle manufacturers all over the world.
The TACO group has 24 manufacturing plants, 5 engineering centers and three export-oriented units, and it is rapidly expanding its business with vehicle manufacturers and Tier I suppliers to the automotive industry.
Faurecia Industrie, France.
Headquartered in France, Faurecia is the second-largest automotive supplier in Europe and the ninth-largest in the world. Specializing in the design, production and assembly of a range of automotive component modules, the company is number one in Europe and number two worldwide in the cockpit and door segments. With 60,000 employees at 190 manufacturing sites and 28 R&D centers in 29 countries, it serves the world's leading automotive manufacturers, including BMW, DaimlerChrysler, Ford, GM, Peugeot, Renault, Toyota and Volkswagen.
The company specializes in the design, production and assembly of seats, cockpits, doors, exhaust systems, acoustics and front ends.

</doc>
<doc id="20611565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611565" title="When the Fiendish Ghouls Night">
When the Fiendish Ghouls Night

"When The Fiendish Ghouls Night" is the fourth single by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac. Released through their own label, Evilegend13 Records, it was sold in four different colors for the vinyl and sticker. In 2007, Balzac re-launched the single in CD format, with two bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20611570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611570" title="Bazarsad Jargalsaikhan">
Bazarsad Jargalsaikhan

Bazarsad Jargalsaihan (Базарсадын Жаргалсайхан) was born in 1959. He is the founder and owner of the Buyan Holding company. In society he is generally called Buyangiin Jagaa. He was elected to parliament in 2004, and served until 2008. He was leader of the Mongolian Republican Party.
He obtained his higher education in East Germany, where he began to engage in small entrepreneurial activities. After the completion of his higher education, he returned to Mongolia, and became a supporter of pro-democratic movements by the end of the communist era. Between 1990 and 2004, he was regarded as one of the richest people in the country.
Experience.
1984-1985 Assistant worker in Govi corporation.
1985-1988 Private business
1989-1992 Founded his "Buyan" company as a small entity
1992-1996 “Buyan” became and Limited company, Executive director
1996-2004 “Buyan Holding” Co Ltd, executive director
2004-2008 Member of parliament
2006 Member of cabinet, minister of trade and industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20611580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611580" title="LNWR Waterloo Class">
LNWR Waterloo Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Waterloo class was a class of 2-4-0 steam locomotives that was also known as the Whitworth class.
They were introduced by F.W. Webb in 1889, and 90 examples were built up to 1896. 
The LNWR reused numbers and names from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard.
Thirty locomotives passed to the London, Midland and Scottish railway at the 1923 grouping. They were given the power classification 1P, and renumbered 5080–5109. In addition, five other members of the class survived in departmental service.
Withdrawals had started in 1907, and the last was withdrawn in 1936. None were preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20611581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611581" title="1693 in poetry">
1693 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="20611589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611589" title="Steve Mardenborough">
Steve Mardenborough

Stephen Alexander "Steve" Mardenborough (born 11 September 1964) is an English former professional footballer.
Career.
His only league goal for Wolverhampton Wanderers came at Anfield against Liverpool in January 1984. Liverpool were the country's top side at the time and who were in the process of winning their 15th First Division title (as well as their fourth European Cup and fourth successive Football League Cup) that season.
Personal life.
Steve Mardenborough's son Jann Mardenborough is a professional racing driver, after winning the 2011 GT Academy on the "Gran Turismo" series of PlayStation driving games.

</doc>
<doc id="20611593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611593" title="East Market District">
East Market District

The East Market District, is also referred to as NuLu.(new-loo) This renovation of a historic building opened in the Fall of 2008 in the area that he dubbed NuLu (a portmanteau of "New" and "Louisville"), is an unofficial district of Louisville, Kentucky, situated along Market Street between downtown to the west and the Highlands neighborhoods to the east. A growing, hip district, the area comprises parts of two of Louisville's oldest neighborhoods, Butchertown and Phoenix Hill. The district is home to schools, churches, large and small businesses and some of the city's oldest homes and businesses. A destination street since Louisville's founding Market Street has played host to a variety of businesses throughout the city's history that have drawn Louisvillians for generations to its addresses.
The Green Building.
What may be called the flagship building of NuLu is The Green Building. It was originally built in 1891 by Sternau's Dry Goods and was used as a dry goods store until it closed in 1949. It has since been used as a Goodwill Thrift Store (1956–1977) and a photography warehouse (1977–2006). In 2006 Gill and Augusta Holland purchased the building and began a dramatic renovation to try to achieve LEED Platinum Certification. The Green Building earned LEED Platinum Certification in 2010, becoming Louisville's first commercial LEED Platinum structure and Kentucky's first LEED Platinum adaptive reuse structure. Holland coined the term NuLu.
Arts district.
Louisville's East Market District is now best known for its galleries showcasing local, regional and national artists, unique specialty stores, antique shops and a growing number of upscale restaurants. While multiple art galleries are located in Louisville, they are especially concentrated in this area east of downtown.
Restaurants.
This area of Louisville is also home to several popular restaurants. Keeping with the sustainable culture of NuLu, many of these restaurants offer organic and locally sourced ingredients.
Events.
The galleries in the West Main District, as well as some area galleries and businesses, are prominently featured during the monthly First Friday Trolley Hop, where free trollies circle the downtown district with stops at most galleries and museums along its route.
The NuLu East Market Festival is an annual event designed to showcase what the neighborhood and city of Louisville have to offer. Originally held September 26, 2009, the festival featured local vendors, food booths, beer and wine sales and a musical lineup featuring Ben Sollee.
Other industries.
The East Market District also houses numerous architecture firms, antique stores, advertising and media agencies, a record label, film production group, publishing company, designers and more.
History and architecture.
The area that is now NuLu was originally part of a Royal land grant to Col. William Preston for his service during the French and Indian War. In 1827, the area was annexed by the city of Louisville under the name of "Uptown". Around 1832, Market Street's eastern terminus was occupied by the Woodland Gardens, a green oasis of amusement and entertainment in the growing city that became a favorite gathering spot with German immigrants. The gardens themselves gave way to the Bourbon Stockyards when it closed in 1880, which helped fuel early growth of meat purveyors, tanners and other industries associated with the livestock trade, including the establishment of five Market Houses that populated the street. Two of these could be found in today's East Market District: the Shelby Market, between Campbell and Shelby Streets, and the Preston Market between Preston and Floyd Streets. From the early 1960s until the early 2000s the East Market area was occupied by many of Louisville's homeless people and the Wayside Mission was a prominent feature. Eventually businesses in the area, headed by antiques dealer Joe Ley, pressured the city to crack down on homelessness and vagrancy. This paved the way for the gentrification of the area and early investors bought properties for renovation. The homeless were forced to move south of the area now concentrating on East Broadway.
Haymarket.
The Haymarket area, which occupied most of the blocks around Jefferson, Market, Floyd and Preston streets, had a long and ethnically rich history, says University of Louisville archivist Dr. Tom Owen. "Dating as far back as the late 1800s an open-air market was operated here by vendors of varied national heritage," he says. "At that time the Haymarket extended from Preston Street to Second Street and was the center for the majority of the produce traded in the city." The first blow to the Haymarket's produce-market predominance came in 1955, when several fruit vendors and produce companies, including Horton Fruit, Al Campisano Fruit, and the Hill and Sloan, S&S, and Clarence Mayfield produce companies formed the Louisville Produce Association and moved from East Liberty Street to Bishops Lane. The original Haymarket buildings were demolished in the late 1950s as part of an urban renewal initiative, but a new Haymarket was constructed in the 1960s and expanded several times over the next two decades.
Architecture and design.
The creator of New York City's Central Park and father of Louisville's original parks system, Frederick Law Olmsted designed two parks that replaced the original Market Houses, with the mini-parks themselves later replaced by traffic lanes.
Designated in 1983 as part of the Phoenix Hill National Register Historic District, the area has a rich blend of architectural styles, ranging from pre-Civil War federal style town-homes and shotgun houses, to Italianate and Victorian residential and commercial structures, as well as large pre and turn of the 20th century buildings built to house Louisville's thriving businesses during the boom following the Civil War. Many of these buildings are today home to the many galleries, shops, restaurants and residents in the district. This includes Louisville's first commercial building seeking national LEED platinum certification as a green structure, known as The Green Building, located in a 110-year-old former dry goods store.
Popular culture.
Market Street often played host to Academy Award winning pioneer movie director, D.W. Griffith, a native of nearby Oldham County, Kentucky, whose family had moved to Louisville where D.W. began work for the Meffert Stock Company. This touring theater group was led by William H. Meffert, whose family had lived and worked in the 800 block of East Market Street from the 1850s through the 1960s. Writer and director Cameron Crowe chose the East Market District to shoot scenes for his 2005 film "Elizabethtown", starring Orlando Bloom and Kirsten Dunst.

</doc>
<doc id="20611596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611596" title="Dead Snow">
Dead Snow

Dead Snow () is a 2009 Norwegian zombie splatter film directed by Tommy Wirkola, starring Charlotte Frogner, Stig Frode Henriksen, Bjørn Sundquist, Ane Dahl Torp, and Jenny Skavlan. The film centers on a group of students surviving a Nazi zombie attack in the mountains of Norway. The premise of the film is similar to that of the draugr - a Scandinavian folkloric undead greedily protecting its (often stolen) treasures.
Plot.
A woman, Sara, is being chased through the snows of Norway. She is ultimately cornered and eaten by zombies in World War II Nazi SS uniforms.
Seven students on Easter vacation arrive at a small cabin near Øksfjord. The cabin is owned by Sara, Vegard's girlfriend. The group begins to drink and party until a mysterious hiker arrives. He tells them the dark history of the region; during World War II, a force of Einsatzgruppe, led by Standartenführer Herzog, occupied the area. For three years, the Nazis abused and tortured the local people. Near the end of the war, with Germany's defeat looming, the soldiers looted all the town's valuables. However, the citizens staged an uprising and ambushed them, killing many. The survivors, including Herzog, were chased into the mountains, and it was assumed that they all froze to death. The hiker then continues on his way. That night, Vegard wakes to a figure placing something beneath the floorboards of the cabin. He calls out, believing it to be Sara, but she ignores him and leaves. Vegard follows, and finds her outside covered in blood. Vegard suddenly jolts awake in his bed, revealing it was a dream. Meanwhile, the hiker has set up camp in the mountains and is eating dinner when he is disturbed by a noise outside. He investigates, and is attacked and killed by a zombie.
The next morning, Vegard, out looking for Sara, discovers the hiker's body. He searches the area, falls through the snow into a cave, and is knocked unconscious. After sunset, Erland finds an old wooden box filled with valuables and golden trinkets. They celebrate, and one of them pockets a gold coin. They eventually return the rest of the treasure to the box. Erlend goes to the outhouse where he and Chris have sex. Afterwards, Erlend return to the cabin, and drops a gold coin. Chris is attacked by a zombie, and killed. The others leave the cabin to look for her, and find Sara's rucksack buried in the snow.
Upon returning to the cabin, they are attacked. Erlend is killed in an attempt to defend the cabin, and the others secure the building. Vegard comes around in the cave, discovering German firearms and helmets, as well as Sara's severed head. He is attacked, but escapes to the surface, where he is confronted by a zombie. Vegard stabs the zombie in the eye, but is knocked from the cliff side by a second assailant. Vegard is bitten in the neck by the zombie, whilst the two hang from the cliff using an intestine as rope. He climbs back to the snowmobile, stitches his wounds, and mounts a machine gun to his snowmobile.
Meanwhile, the remaining four students decide to split up. The two men, Martin and Roy, attempt to distract the zombies, while the two women, Hanna and Liv, run for the cars and go for help. In route to the cars, the girls are ambushed. Liv is knocked out by the zombies and awakens to them pulling out her intestines. Using a hand grenade, she commits suicide and kills her assailants. Hanna leads a zombie to a cliff edge, breaks the ice, and they fall. The pair survive, and Hanna kills the zombie.
Martin and Roy accidentally set fire to the cabin with Molotov cocktails. They escape, and arm themselves with power tools. More zombies attack, but they are aided by Vegard. During the attack Vegard is killed and Martin accidentally kills Hanna, who has returned to the cabin. Herzog arrives, leading a group of zombies. They attack, and Martin is bitten on the arm. To avoid becoming infected, he cuts off his arm with a chainsaw. After killing the remaining undead, Martin and Roy attack Herzog, who calls upon hundreds of zombies, that rise from under the snow. Whilst running from their attackers, Roy is hit in the head by a hammer, disemboweled by a tree branch, and killed by Herzog, who retrieves a watch from his pocket.
Martin realises the zombies' intent, and retrieves the box from the ruined cabin. He returns the box to Herzog, and escapes to the car. There, he finds a gold coin in his pocket, just as Herzog smashes the window of the car.
Production.
In creating the film's Nazi zombies, writer and director Tommy Wirkola concluded that the best way to enhance the horror and disgust of standard zombies was to give them the Nazi element; he also used the historical backdrop of the Nazi occupation of Norway in developing the film's plot. In an interview, Wirkola said, "When we were about to sit down and write the actual script, we started thinking ‘What is more evil than a zombie’? A Nazi-zombie! We have a really strong war-history up in the north of Norway from World War Two, so it was fun to combine actual events with our own story. And you know Nazis have always been the ultimate villains in movies. Combine that with zombies and you really get something that no one would sympathise with." Wirkola, who also appeared in a cameo as one of the zombie soldiers, said of his monsters, "I like to think of them as Nazi zombies. Nazis first, then zombies."
Even though a curse is alluded to in the beginning of the film, through the Nazi occupation and subsequent burial grounds the Norwegian mountains became, it is not definitive how the Nazis became zombies. However, Wirkola used the curse angle in the creation of the film's zombies. "We went for the old-fashioned ones where they're cursed. For me there are two types of zombie films: the curse and the plague or virus. So we wanted ours to be like a ghost story mixed with Indiana Jones."
The special effects make-up team responsible were Per Steinar Hoftun and Shino Kotani, both of Freax FX, and Steinar Kaarstein, of Effektmakeren. The development crew also included Janne Røhmen (key make-up artist), Elisabeth Haugan, Gudmund Saksvik, Lene Bruksås, and Ragnhild Prestholt. Despite being set in Øksfjord, the film was shot in Alta and Målselv.
Release.
The film was distributed by Euforia Film and released on 9 January 2009 in Norway. The U.S. premiere was held at the Sundance Film Festival, after which IFC Films purchased the U.S. distribution rights. The film received a limited release in the U.S. starting 19 June 2009, before its DVD release on 23 February 2010. The film currently holds a 66% "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Reception.
"Dead Snow" received mixed reviews from Norwegian critics, and was rated 3/6 by both "Verdens Gang" and "Dagbladet". According to Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times", director Tommy Wirkola, "who wrote the irrelevant screenplay with Stig Frode Henriksen, doesn’t just hit every horror beat; he pounds it to an indistinguishable pulp." She highlighted the special effects team for acclaim for their "admirably disgusting" work. Stephen Witty of "The Star-Ledger" also commented positively on the film's visuals, and lauded Wirkola for his "steady hand with the action scenes", but identified the plot as the film's weakness. He accused the characters of lacking motivation, and for being "pretty much indistinguishable from one another" He also had a problem with the ending.
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 65% positive review; the consensus states: "Though it doesn't cover new ground, "Dead Snow" is an entertaining mix of camp, scares, and blood and guts." Based on 16 critics, Metacritic gives the film a 61/100 rating, indicating "generally positive reviews".
The film was nominated for four 2009 Scream Awards: Fight-to-the-Death Scene, Most Memorable Mutilation, Best Foreign Movie and Best Horror Movie.
Sequel.
In 2012, following the release of his first big-studio film, "", Wirkola announced the sequel to "Dead Snow", entitled "Red vs. Dead".

</doc>
<doc id="20611608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611608" title="Maxwell Hall">
Maxwell Hall

"Not to be confused with John Hall Maxwell."
John Maxwell Hall, known most commonly as Maxwell Hall, was a British colonial administrator, judge and author who lived in and wrote about North Borneo (now Sabah).
Career.
Hall was appointed West Coast Resident, North Borneo, in 1931. Before World War II and the Japanese invasion of Borneo, Maxwell Hall was a senior judge. Immediately after the war he was the Chief Advocate at some of the war crimes trials held at Labuan (holding the rank of Lieutenant Colonel) and was attached to BBCAU, the British Borneo Civil Affairs Unit which was responsible for the running of North Borneo and other territories after the handover from Australian military control.
A Tribute from K.G. Tregonning.
In his 1960 book "North Borneo", he described Maxwell Hall as 
J. Maxwell Hall, a retired senior officer of the Chartered Company ... one of the very few elderly Englishmen living in the Colony ... the grand old man of the territory.
He lives in a two-storied wooden house, sparsely furnished, as befits his Spartan physique, the owner of some fifty acres of land. On this he has built a half dozen homes, which he rents, with five acres or so of land, to Chinese market gardeners ... He lives as a South-East Asian squire, in solitary contentment: but instead of becoming, after fifty years' service in North Borneo, the grand old man of reminiscences ... this grizzled old live-wire lives vigorously for the present and the future. He is perhaps one of the most wide-awake and pertinent observers of the North Borneo of today whom it was my privilege to meet.
He has written well of the past, in several hard-to-secure books published locally, for he has an historian's bent, and he has contributed numerous articles ... He is writing yet another tale, the history of Labuan. But all this is relaxation; for he is no ivory tower writer, and it is the problems and the possibilities of the present that interest his wide-ranging curiosity and evoke his keenest comments.
Several of Maxwell Hall's books have been reprinted, most recently "Labuan Story: Memoirs of a Small Island near the Coast of North Borneo" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20611630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611630" title="Arthur Levering">
Arthur Levering

Arthur Levering (born March 6, 1953, Baltimore, Maryland) is an American composer of contemporary classical music. He currently resides in Cambridge, Massachusetts and Rome, Italy.
Levering has received commissions from the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, Boston Musica Viva, the Dinosaur Annex Music Ensemble, the New Juilliard Ensemble, the Rascher Saxophone Quartet, and Sequitur, among others.
Education.
Levering holds a B.A. from Colby College (1976); an M.M. in performance from Yale University (1979), having studied classical guitar with Eliot Fisk; and an M.M. in composition from Boston University (1988), having studied primarily with Bernard Rands.
Major Compositions, selected performances.
His virtuosic 3 movement piano work, "School of Velocity", was commissioned and performed by Donald Berman on a League of Composers/ISCM concert at Merkin Hall, New York on March 23, 1999. "Echoi" (violin and piano) was premiered by Nicholas Kitchen and Donald Berman in Boston on Oct. 20, 2003. "Clarion/Shadowing" (clarinet, violin, piano) was performed by the 21st Century Consort at the Hirshhorn Museum in Washington, DC on March 13, 2004. "Twenty Ways Upon the Bells" (7 players) was premiered by Dinosaur Annex in Boston on Oct. 30, 1994. "Cloches II" (8 players) was performed by the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center on Feb. 15, 2001. "Furies" (11 players) was premiered by Sequitur at Merkin Hall in New York on Jan. 30, 2008. "Catena" (piano and 16 players) was premiered by Donald Berman and the Dinosaur Annex Chamber Orchestra, conducted by Scott Wheeler at Jordan Hall, Boston on Sept. 16, 2000. "Parallel Universe" (string orchestra) was performed and recorded by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project at Jordan Hall, Boston on May 25, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20611650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611650" title="Dunkeswell">
Dunkeswell

Dunkeswell is a village and civil parish in East Devon, England, located approximately north of the town of Honiton. At the 2001 census, it had a population of 1,553.
History.
Dunkeswell is notable for having a busy small airfield, now Dunkeswell Aerodrome which was initially established as an American Navy air base during World War II, and continues to offer civil flight services to this day.
The church, built in 1868, is of interest for its Norman font.
Dunkeswell Eco Business Park, located near the aerodrome, was constructed to provide environmentally-friendly business space for start-up businesses, businesses run by younger owners or women, and businesses that have outgrown existing premises.
Dunkeswell was the birthplace of the Canadian clergyman Henry Scadding.
Dunkeswell Abbey.
The abbey is north of the village. The abbey was founded in 1201 by William Briwere as a Cistercian monastery and offshoot of Forde Abbey. The founder granted much property within Devon to the abbey. Around two years before his death in 1226, he entered the community and was eventually buried in front of the high altar of the abbey church.
Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries the abbey was closed in 1539 and granted to John Russell, 1st Baron Russell (1485–1555), later 1st Earl of Bedford, and was mostly demolished quickly, though a section remained in domestic use until the 19th century. In 1842, a parish church was built over part of the site. Some surviving fragments of monastery include the partial end wall of the cellarer's range and parts of a gatehouse. Some carved fragments survive within Holy Trinity Church which was built here in 1842 in Early English style.

</doc>
<doc id="20611653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611653" title="List of defunct NLL teams">
List of defunct NLL teams

This is a list of teams that once played in the National Lacrosse League but no longer exist or have suspended operations for various reasons. This includes franchises which have relocated to different cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20611655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611655" title="Nanopond">
Nanopond

Nanopond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20611663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611663" title="Micropond">
Micropond

Micropond may be

</doc>
<doc id="20611676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611676" title="Virgil Tiran">
Virgil Tiran

Virgil Tiran is a Chicago real estate developer with ties to Patti Blagojevich, former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich's wife.
Tiran has donated over $20,000 to Blagojevich's campaign since 2001.
According to the "Chicago Sun Times", Tiran "steered more than $100,000 in commissions to first lady Patti Blagojevich's real estate firm before a business owned by the developer's parents saw dramatic increases in state payments". 

</doc>
<doc id="20611715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611715" title="Desquamative interstitial pneumonia">
Desquamative interstitial pneumonia

Desquamative interstitial pneumonia is a form of idiopathic interstitial pneumonia featuring elevated levels of macrophages.
Its name is derived from the former belief that these macrophages were pneumocytes that had desquamated.
It is associated with patients with a history of smoking.
Treatment with methylprednisolone has been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20611716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611716" title="Jolo Group">
Jolo Group

Jolo Group is an active group of volcanoes in the island of Jolo in Southern Philippines.
The Global Volcanism Program list Jolo as one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines while the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology "(PHIVOLCS)" collectively list the group as Bud Dajo, one of the cinder cones in the island.
Location.
Jolo is a volcanic island located southwest of the southern tip of the Zamboanga Peninsula of Mindanao Island. The island is part of the Sulu Archipelago, in the province of Sulu, located within the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao, one of the Regions of the Philippines.
Physical features.
The figure-eight shaped island is about at its longest, about at its widest and about at the narrowest section. The volcanic island is dotted with cinder cones, tuff cones, pyroclastic cones, maars and crater lakes. 
The highest point in the island is Mount Tumatangas with an elevation of asl. Bud Dajo has an elevation of asl. 
Guimba, Matanding, and Sungal, are some other volcanic cones near Bud Dajo. Four crater lakes are located on the island: Lake Seit, Lake Panamao and Lake Timpuak and Sani Crater Lake. Solfataric activity is found at Seit Lake.
Volcanic Activity.
On January 4, 1641, a volcanic eruption covered much of Mindanao in darkness and sent showers of ash as far as Cebu and Panay. It was reported at the time as being from a small island "opposite the main river of Jolo" and the only possible source of eruption in Jolo is Mount Dakula near Lake Panamao. From recent studies, the eruption was finally attributed to Mount Parker in South Cotabato.
A tsunami occurred in 1897, believed to have been caused by a local submarine eruption on 21 September 1897. It is possible this eruption was centered at Lake Seit, a volcanic maar with still active solfatara.
Volcanoes in the Jolo Group are young and considered active on the probable eruptions above.
Geology.
Rock type is predominantly basalt and andesite.
Jolo Group is part of the Sulu Volcanic Arc, one of the two northeastern arms of the Sunda Plate which is in collision with the Philippine Mobile Belt. It is an area of frequent earthquakes and volcanic activity.
Like most volcanos in the former Sultanate of Sulu, the group is little studied scientifically.
All volcanos in the Philippines are part of the Pacific ring of fire.
Political.
Because of aggravated political unrest, kidnappings of foreigners in 2009, and fighting between political independence and government forces, visitors are strongly recommended to keep away from the Jolo islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20611729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611729" title="Durdar">
Durdar

Durdar is a small settlement in the parish of St Cuthbert Without, in the City of Carlisle district, in the county of Cumbria, England. It is 2 kilometres south of the Carlisle.

</doc>
<doc id="20611742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611742" title="Wrestling at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 52 kg

The Men's Freestyle flyweight at the 1968 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Insurgentes Ice Rink. The flyweight was the lightest weight class, allowing wrestlers up to 52 kilograms.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final round.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="20611747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611747" title="TTSS">
TTSS

The abbreviation TTSS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20611765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611765" title="Antonio de Ciudad Rodrigo">
Antonio de Ciudad Rodrigo

Fray Antonio de Ciudad Rodrigo (also Antonio Civitatencis) was a Franciscan friar. He was one of the first twelve to come to New Spain in 1524, and the second provincial of the province of the Holy Gospel.

</doc>
<doc id="20611790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611790" title="Mossi Raz">
Mossi Raz

Moshe "Mossi" Raz (, born 19 December 1965) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Meretz between 2000 and 2003.
Biography.
Born in Jerusalem, Raz studied economics and accounting at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and chaired the Council for Students' Associations. After finishing university, he worked as an accountant.
Raz is a Major (reserves) in the IDF.
A well-known activist, Raz has served as secretary general of Peace Now and director of the non-profit organisation Ir Shalem.
For the 1999 Knesset elections Raz was placed 11th on the Meretz list, but missed out on a seat when they won only 10 mandates. However, he entered the Knesset on 25 February 2000 as a replacement for Haim Oron.
He won eighth place on the party's list for the 2003 elections, but lost his seat when the party was reduced to six seats. Raz was placed 10th on the list for the 2006 elections, but the party won only five seats. Prior to the 2009 elections he won fourth place on the Meretz list.
In 2009, Raz became a member of the board of directors for Transport Today and Tomorrow, an organization based in Tel Aviv that promotes the usage and expansion of sustainable transportation in Israel. His position as a board member of TTT is a result of his prior commitment to environmental issues. Sustainable transportation is becoming an increasingly important issue in Israel and Transport Today and Tomorrow is at the forefront of the drive to make Israel's use of transportation more environmentally friendly. 
In 2010, Raz became the chairman of Life and Environment, the umbrella organization for the environmental movement in Israel.
Awards.
In 2010, Raz along with colleague Maysa Baransi-Siniora was awarded the Outstanding Contribution to Peace prize by the International Council for Press and Broadcasting at the International Media Awards in London for his work with All for Peace radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20611803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611803" title="Hawksmoor (novel)">
Hawksmoor (novel)

Hawksmoor is a 1985 novel by the English writer Peter Ackroyd. It won Best Novel at the 1985 Whitbread Awards and the Guardian Fiction Prize. It tells the parallel stories of Nicholas Dyer, who builds seven churches in 18th-century London for which he needs human sacrifices, and Nicholas Hawksmoor, detective in the 1980s, who investigates murders committed in the same churches. "Hawksmoor" has been praised as Peter Ackroyd's best novel up to now and an impressive example of postmodernism.
Story.
Set in the early 18th century, architect Nicholas Dyer is progressing work on several churches in London's East End. He is, however, involved in Satanic practices (something inculcated in him as an orphan), a fact which he must keep secret from all his associates, including his supervisor Sir Christopher Wren. This is all the more challenging since he indulges in human sacrifice as part of the construction of the buildings. Dyer's simmering contempt for Wren is brought closest to the surface in discussions they have concerning rationalism versus Dyer's own carefully disguised brand of mysticism.
In the 20th century, DCS Nicholas Hawksmoor is called in to investigate a bizarre series of murders by strangulation that have occurred in and around the churches designed by Dyer. The murders are all the more mystifying since the murderer appeared to have left no identifying traces, not even fingerprints on the victims' necks.
However the area is stalked by mysterious shadows, and it becomes clear that not only the weight of the investigation, but unseen forces from the past come to bear on Hawksmoor in a powerful, destructive manner.
Historical background.
Peter Ackroyd stressed the fact that "Hawksmoor" is not a historical novel in the strict sense of the word: "I have employed many sources in the preparation of "Hawksmoor", but this version of history is my own invention." The novel "radically subverts the conventions of historical fiction" due to its idiosyncratic time structure. 
Nevertheless Ackroyd uses historical characters, sites and occurrences in his book. Nicholas Dyer, the architect of the seven churches, is modelled on Nicholas Hawksmoor but doesn't share his death date (Dyer disappears in 1715, Hawksmoor died in 1736). As said in the novel, the Commission for Building Fifty New Churches, which had been established by an Act of Parliament in 1711, commissioned Hawksmoor to build six churches, all of which are dealt with in the novel:
The only fictional church in the book is Little St Hugh (worshipping the historical Little Saint Hugh of Lincoln).
Hawksmoor was indeed assistant of Sir Christopher Wren, who is shown in the novel, historically correct, as profoundly interested in science and an active member of the Royal Society. Wren studied anatomy through dissection and vivisection so that the dissection of a killed woman by Wren in the novel refers to actual actions by Wren but maybe not on human beings. It is not certain but possible that Christopher Wren visited Stonehenge. The third historical character in the novel is Sir John Vanbrugh.
Historical occurrences Ackroyd refers to are the Great Plague of London of 1665/1666 and the Great Fire of London of 1666. Bedlam was actually not only a lunatic asylum but also an attraction for paying guests in the 18th century. For a penny visitors could look into the patients' cells, view the freaks of the "show of Bethlehem" and laugh at their antics. In 1814 alone, there were 96,000 such visits.
Themes.
Much of the novel is concerned with the disconnect between the 20th-century London of DCS Hawksmoor and its past, with Dyer's churches being both banal and mysterious to Hawksmoor. Wren's rationalism has succeeded in Hawksmoor's world, but we see Dyer's mysticism reassert itself in the form of murder and mystery. One critic has argued that Dyer's churches come to stand for the persistence of popular history and culture, in opposition to Wren's devotion to a rational progress driven by power and money.
Occultism.
Nicholas Dyer believes in a syncretistic religion based on an utterly pessimistic view of man and world, represented by London: "In keeping with his Biblical belief that "it was Cain who built the first City", Dyer leads us through the "monstrous Pile of London" - "Nest of Death and Contagion," "Capital City of the World of Affliction," "Hive of Noise and Ignorance"."
Mirabilis, Nicholas Dyer's spiritual teacher, is the leader of an underground sect known as "Enthusiasticks". Mirabilis preaches that "Christ was the Serpent who deceiv'd Eve, and in the form of a Serpent entered the Virgin's womb" and that "Sathan is the God of this World and fit to be worshipp'd." Among the sources he merges for his religion are the Ammonites, the Carthaginians, "the Straw Man of our Druides," the Syrian Beel-Zebub, the Assyrians, the Jews, the Cabbala, Joseph of Arimathea, the Cathedral of Bath, the Temple of Moloch, Westminster and Anubis. The sect "sacrificed Boys since it was their Opinion that Humane life, either in desperate sicknesse or in danger of Warre, could not be secured unless a vyrgyn Boy suffered in stead." A four-liner expresses the syncretist nature of Mirabilis's sect:
Dyer develops his own belief in a reference between the pattern his churches form and the realm of evil and otherworldly. The pattern of his churches mirrors the "Proportion of the Seven Orders", i.e. Dyer literally tries to reproduce the pattern of the seven fixed stars that control the planetary spheres, thus hoping to submit to his will the seven planetary demons who control them. The exotic names Ackroyd gives to these demons bring to mind the seven maskim of Babylonian occultism. Due to the principles of sympathetic magic, Dyer reproduces with his churches the pattern of the seven planetary orders, and ensures that the pattern will be effective by concentrating within the septilateral figure the same kind of evil powers the seven fixed stars cast. "In other words, Dyer devises his churches as a huge talisman. This is why he builds them near ancient cemeteries and buries a sacrificial victim under their foundations, for, in his words: "when there are many Persons dead, only being buryed and laid in the Earth, there is an Assembling of Powers"." 
Dyer believes that the ancients had an understanding of the "laws of harmonious proportions" used by the Universal Architect in the creation of the cosmos. Therefore he studies ancient treatises on architecture. He builds his seven churches according to these principles and arranges them in a pattern imitating the Pleiades. In the end he disappears in his last church, like Hermes Trismegistus in his pyramid to begin his transmigration from body to body. Dyer undergoes a series of reincarnations both as victim and as murderer: each time he is reborn as a child or tramp, the new reincarnation is subsequently murdered by his "shadow" or dark emanation. In his last, 20th-century reincarnation, Dyer's evil emanation is embodied by the tramp called "The Architect", his good or rational side, by Nicholas Hawksmoor. The text expresses their final unification in the last paragraph of the novel when only one person speaks: What is said is separated by a wide blank on the page, indicating change of narrative level. The duality expressed in the change of narrative voices in the successive chapters is overcome by a first-person narration by somebody who is neither "The Architect" nor Hawksmoor.
Enlightenment vs. occultism.
Central to "Hawksmoor" is an ongoing debate between those who believe in enlightenment and rationalism and those who believe in occultism. The main protagonists of both sides are Sir Christopher Wren and Nicholas Dyer. "While Dyer argues that man cannot avoid the rage of evil spirits except by participating in evil, Wren and his fellow members of the Royal Society argue that man's reason will one day vanquish 'those wilde inhabitants of False worlds'. Dyer's is the voice of the most despairing (and exulting) anti-intellectualism, a throwback to medieval notions of the necessary primacy of the irrational; Wren's is the civilized voice in which we should like to believe." Detective Hawksmoor begins as a member of the rationalist movement before resembling more and more Nicholas Dyer.
The nature of time.
"Hawksmoor" transports an idea of time that is detrimental to the idea of time as a linearly progressing direction in time. "Ackroyd's aim is [...] to expose the linear character of time [...] for the fabrication that it is, and to propel his readers into a zone of full temporal simultaneity." This is achieved by parallelling numerous events happening in 18th-century and 1980s London thus indicating that Dyer and Hawksmoor experience more than only their own time. A symbol for this idea of a simultaneity of different layers of time is the uroborus:
This feature of Ackroyd's novel has been seen in scholarly research as distinctive postmodern: "One of the features of postmodern novels is to organise narrative time in non-linear fashion and to present the story line as fragmented and disrupted." This problematises reality by questioning scientific laws that governing time as well as social and cultural ideas of time that help to construct the western concept of reality. "There are no rational explanations for the time slips that occur between the eighteenth and twentieth centuries and, in some respects, the novel is a problematisation of that rational thinking that seeks causality and linearity." The reader has to accept Ackroyd's treatment of time in order to understand the novel.
Ackroyd himself called his concept of time in "Hawksmoor" "the perpetual present of the past" which "reemerges in the most unlikely ways."
Literary and philosophical influences.
Iain Sinclair's "Lud Heat".
Peter Ackroyd himself declared that the stimulus for "Hawksmoor" was Iain Sinclair's poem "Lud Heat": "I would like to express my obligation to Iain Sinclair's poem, "Lud Heat", which first directed my attention to the stranger characteristics of the London churches." "Lud Heat" (1975) is subtitled "a book of the dead hamlets". In Book One, "The Muck Rake", Sinclair devotes the first section to "Nicholas Hawksmoor, His Churches".
Sinclair's thesis is that Hawksmoor planned his churches according to a strict "geometry of oppositions" producing a "system of energies, or unit of connection, within the city," similar to those formed by "the old hospitals, the Inns of Courts, the markets, the prisons, the religious houses and the others". Sinclair argues that Hawksmoor arranged Christ Church, St. George's in-the-East, and St. Anne's, Limehouse, to form a triangle, while St George's, Bloomsbury, and St.Alfege's, Greenwich, make up a pentacle star.
Ackroyd did not follow Sinclair in really thinking that the churches form a distinctive and powerful pattern. Asked if the churches form a "symbol of freemasonry" he answered: "They don't really form a pattern. I made the pattern up."
Psychogeography.
Coined by the French Situationist Guy Debord, psychogeography originally referred to practices intended to expose the "urban geography falsified by the commercial and consumerist imperatives of late capitalism". Debord undertook what he called dérives (literally 'drifts' across the city) that showed the various layers of place (historical, psychic, physical). For Ackroyd the 'dérive' is more like a "circumambulation through time as well as place: a widening gyre that exposes the very timelessness of this two-millenia-old city." The motif of the wanderer in the novel (tramps, vagrants, the restless wanderers Nicholas Dyer and Nicholas Hawksmoor) shows the influence of the psychogeographical theory in "Hawksmoor".
William Blake and T. S. Eliot.
Scholars have argued that the influence of William Blake and T. S. Eliot, both of whom are the subjects of Ackroyd biographies, is detectable in "Hawksmoor". "The suggestion that Dyer was "more charmed by Milton's Hell than by his Paradise" and Hawksmoor's perception of his work as "that of rubbing away the grease and detritus which obscured the real picture of the world" echo passages in Blake's "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell" (35, 39)."
"Dyer's obsession with physical corruption—in particular his disgust with sex—echoes the dysphoria of Eliot's most characteristic poems; his evocation of London as the "Capital City of the World of Affliction" and his scorn for the optimism of the Enlightenment strike an unmistakably Eliotic tone. Women are sluts and prostitutes. There is even a passing reference to "hollow men". Clearly Mr. Ackroyd shares Eliot's high regard for the language of the Renaissance and for Elizabethan and Jacobean drama."
"The basic principle at work here derives directly from Eliot's "The Waste Land", a poem that juxtaposes the past with the present to show the continuity of history. [...] Those who are infected with the Black Death are called "Hollow Men", after the famous poem by Eliot. [...] Dyer's reflection on the quandaries of temporality virtually paraphrases a famous passage from Eliot's "Four Quartets" (1942) [...]: "What we call the beginning is often the end / And to make an end is to make an beginning."
Structure and narrative mode, style, symbolism.
Structure and narrative mode.
"Hawksmoor" is divided into a prologue and two untitled parts of six untitled chapters each. The odd-numbered chapters are first-person narrations by Nicholas Dyer in 18th-century London, while the even-numbered chapters take place in the 1980s and are told by an omniscient narrator, from the perspective of a tour guide through London and the murder victim Thomas Hill (chapter 2), the murder victim Ned (chapter 4) and Nicholas Hawksmoor (chapters 6, 8, 10 and 12).
This clear pattern is deliberately obscured by a "pattern of echo and repetition". There are numerous parallels in characters, actions and descriptions between the chapters taking place in the 18th and those taking place in the 20th century. "They escape any effort at organization and create a mental fusion between past and present." For example, the same fragments of popular songs, ballads, and poems are heard in the streets of London in both historical periods.
This structure of repetitions and references underlines the peculiar theory of time the novel transports: "As we go on reading, we find more and more [...] reduplications of names, events, actions, and even identical sentences uttered by characters who live two centuries apart, until we are forced to conclude that, in the novel, nothing progresses in time, that the same events repeat themselves endlessly, and that the same people live and die only in order to be born and to live the same events again and again, eternally caught in what appears to be the ever-revolving wheel of life and death. This interchangeability of characters and the circularity of events is stressed by the device of using the same words to end and to begin adjacent chapters.
Style.
One of the most characteristic attributes of "Hawskmoor" is the first-person narration by Nicholas Dyer. Ackroyd here imitates unofficial 18th-century English (characterized by capitalization, Frenchified suffixes, irregular orthography) as can be found in Samuel Pepys's diary.
Ackroyd read 18th-century texts for half a year in the British Library. "texts about how to cure the gout, by a surgeon. Necromantic texts. I didn’t mind what it was as long as it was the right period." The most important source was Samuel Johnson’s "Dictionary": "Whenever I had to write a sentence about, say, someone looking out of the window, then I’d look up ‘window’ in Johnson, and there’d be all sorts of definitions, and phrases with the word in it, and these I also co-opted for the book".
Symbolism.
Shadow.
The word "shadow" symbolizes not only Dyer's occult belief system but literally his dark side himself since he appears later on in the novel as a shadow killing people. Dyer admonishes his assistant Walter: "the art of shaddowes you must know well, Walter" because "it is only the Darknesse that can give trew Forme to our Work". The name Dyer gives his occultism is "Scientia Umbrarum" (shadowy knowledge) The murder victims all fall prey to an ominous figure called "the shadow".
Stone.
As symbol for the concept of eternity and overcome transitoriness Ackroyd chose the stone. Dyer becomes an architect after Mirabilis, his Satanic sect leader, prophesied to him:
For Dyer the momument of Stonehenge is an ancient place of occult powers, of a deep connection with a dark past because of its stones:
The stones contain for ever the pain of the workers who erected them, Dyer can feel this and more since human concepts and suffering has eternalized in the stones:
Animals.
One of Satan's names, Beelzebub, can be translated as "Lord of the Flies". Thus flies and other insects (spiders, lice) are recurrently used as symbols in "Hawksmoor". Already at the very beginning of the novel Dyer advises his assistant Walter to "show how the Lines the church plans necessarily beare upon one another, like the Web which the Spider spins in a Closet", thus associating the churches with an insect. Dyer's pessimistic view of the world is stressed by his view of it as a "dunghill" attracting flies: "I saw the Flies on this Dunghil Earth, and then considered who their Lord might be." Ironically the occultist Dyer compares the rationalistic members of the Royal Society with flies: "The Company buzzed like Flies above Ordure".
Another animal often associated with Satan and evil is the black cat. Thus a black cat is often heard or seen near the places where the tramp called "The Architect" makes his appearance. It is also associated with Mirabilis and his Satanic sect ("I fell into a sound Sleep, before I did so, I seemed to hear screeching, much like that of a Catte.") It is a cat which leads Thomas Hill to the church where he gets strangled.
"Hawksmoor" as postmodern novel.
Critics and scholars have identified "Hawksmoor" as a postmodern novel. Ackroyd uses typical postmodern techniques, such as playfulness, intertextuality, pastiche, metafiction and temporal distortion.
Peter Ackroyd himself does not see "Hawksmoor" as an expressly postmodern novel but prefers the term "transitional writing":
Playing with the detective story.
Ackroyd plays with the genre of the detective story by using the form of the detective novel but changing the premises in such a way that the typical course of events (crime–logical investigation–solution) is impossible. "Suffice it to say that in a detective story whose strange outcome is reincarnation, fiction and history fuse so thoroughly that an abolition of time, space, and person is, one might say, inflicted on the reader." Thus "Hawksmoor" can be called an anti-detective novel:
Reception and awards.
"Hawksmoor" won two of the most prestigious British literary awards: the Guardian Fiction Prize and the Whitbread Novel Award. It was reviewed predominantly positively after publication, among others by:
Although most reviews were positive there were voices which criticized "Hawksmoor" as confusing or morally repellent, particularly in sexual terms (Hollinghurst, King, Maddox).
While most critics especially praised Ackroyd's imitation of 18th-century English there were critical voices here, for example Cedric D. Reverand II, who wrote that "Ackroyd's notion of the appropriate style seems at times idiosyncratic and more Jacobean–Mannerist than late senventeenth–early eighteenth century".
"Hawksmoor" is still being praised more than twenty years after its publication and is seen as an important work in Ackroyd's oeuvre. It has become the subject of numerous studies, especially on Postmodernism. Adriana Neagu and Sean Matthews wrote in 2002 that
"Hawksmoor" is praised for Ackroyd's "convincingly 18th-century prose" in the 2006 edition of "The Cambridge Guide to Literature in English" It was chosen by Penguin in 2010 as one of five novels representing the 1980s in their series Penguin Decades.
Peter Ackroyd himself is a harsh critic of his novel:
Adaptation.
"The South Bank Show" covered "Hawksmoor" in 1985. Extensive dramatizations from the novel alternated with an interview with the author by Melvyn Bragg. The broadcast was directed by David Thomas, the leading actors were Jack Shepherd as Nicholas Dyer, Derek Newark as Nicholas Hawksmoor, Mick Ford as Walter and Clive Swift as Sir Christopher Wren.

</doc>
<doc id="20611836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611836" title="Ashwin Sanghi">
Ashwin Sanghi

Ashwin Sanghi (born January 25, 1969) is an Indian author in the thriller fiction genre. He is the author of three bestselling novels, The Rozabal Line, Chanakya's Chant and The Krishna Key. All his books have been based on historical, theological and mythological themes. He is one of India's bestselling conspiracy fiction writers and is an author of the new era of retelling Indian history or mythology in a contemporary context. Forbes India has included him in their Forbes India Celebrity 100.
Biography.
Sanghi completed his schooling at the Cathedral & John Connon School, graduated with a BA (Economics) from St. Xavier’s College and earned an MBA from the Yale School of Management. He joined his family’s business in 1993. He wrote his first novel in 2006 and thereafter continued to pursue dual careers, as a businessman as well as writer. He is part of the overall trend of young professionals and businessmen turning to writing as a parallel career. In 2013, Ashwin Sanghi and James Patterson announced that they will be co-writing an India-based thriller within Patterson's "Private" series.
Critical acclaim.
He has been praised and appreciated by writers and newspapers reviews.
M. V. Kamath says, “One must remember that this is a work of fiction. Provocative, but commanding attention. What is truth? Jesting Pilate is quoted as having asked Jesus. One might as well ask the same question of the author, in jest or in all seriousness. From what he has written it is clear that he will not pause for an answer.”
Awards.
Chanakya’s Chant won the Vodafone-Crossword Popular Choice Award for 2010. The award is decided by readers’ votes online, and was awarded to Chanakya's Chant for logging the highest sales in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20611862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611862" title="James Southall Wilson">
James Southall Wilson

James Southall Wilson (1880–1963) was an author, professor, and founder of the "Virginia Quarterly Review". He organized the 1931 Southern Writers Conference. His wife, Julia Tyler, was the granddaughter of President John Tyler and a founder of Kappa Delta sorority. Wilson wrote the College of William & Mary's spirit song, "Our Alma Mater."
Wilson wrote a biography of ornithologist Alexander Wilson in 1906. 

</doc>
<doc id="20611890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611890" title="Sikhism in Scotland">
Sikhism in Scotland

Sikhism in Scotland includes all aspects of Sikh life and Sikhism in Scotland. Sikhs have been present in Scotland for over a century, with the first documented Sikh, Maharaja Daleep Singh, arriving in Perthshire in 1855. The next wave of migration was in early-to-mid 1920s when prominent Sikhs of the Bhat/Bhatra community established themselves in Glasgow and Edinburgh. However, the bulk of Sikhs in Scotland come from families who immigrated during the late 20th century. In Scotland Sikhs represent 0.13% of the population (6,572).
History.
Scotland has a long-established Sikh community. Maharajah Duleep Singh moved to Scotland in 1854, taking up residence at the Grandtully estate in Perthshire. According to the Scottish Sikh Association, the first Sikhs settled in Glasgow in the early 1920s with the first Gurdwara established in South Portland Street. However, the bulk of Sikhs in Scotland come from families who immigrated during the late 20th century.
21st century.
According to the 2001 Census there 0.13% of Scotland's population identifies Sikhism as their religion. Glasgow is the area with the most significant Sikh population in the country. Of the seven Gurdwaras in Scotland, four are in Glasgow, one in Edinburgh, one in Irvine and one in Dundee.
Plans are also in place to open a Gurdwara in Aberdeen.
Tartan.
Scottish Sikhs have their own tartan, and can be seen wearing kilts made from the material.

</doc>
<doc id="20611913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611913" title="Hai-Fu Power Station">
Hai-Fu Power Station

The Hai-Fu Power Station (Chinese: 海湖發電廠) is a combined cycle power station located in Taoyuan, Taiwan. The station is located north east of Taoyuan International Airport. The power station runs on natural gas and consists of two KA24-2 turbines. The turnkey project was awarded in 1996 to ABB. The customer is EverPower IPP Co. Ltd. with its head office in Taichung.

</doc>
<doc id="20611919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611919" title="National Highway 1A (India)">
National Highway 1A (India)

National Highway 1A (NH 1A) that has been renumbered as NH 44, is a National Highway in North India that connects the Kashmir valley to Jammu and the rest of India. The northern terminal is in Uri in Jammu & Kashmir and the southern terminal is in Jalandhar. Stretches of NH 1A run through some extremely treacherous terrain and shut-offs because of avalanches or landslides are common in Winter months. The famous Jawahar Tunnel that connects Jammu with the Kashmir Valley across the Pir Panjal Range falls en route. The total length of NH 1A is .
An all-weather alternate Srinagar-Jammu road project that will cut short the distance between the two cities by and the travel time by two-thirds is currently being considered
National Highways Development Project.
Approximately stretch of NH 1A from Srinagar to Jalandhar is a part of the North-South Corridor.

</doc>
<doc id="20611922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611922" title="Bioseparation of 1,3-propanediol">
Bioseparation of 1,3-propanediol

Bioseparation of 1,3-propanediol is a biochemical process for production of 1,3-propanediol (PDO). PDO is an organic compound with many commercial applications. Conventionally, PDO is produced from crude oil products such as propylene or ethylene oxide. In recent years, however, companies such as DuPont are investing in the biological production of PDO using renewable feedstocks such as corn.
History.
In May 2004, DuPont and Tate & Lyle announced that they would start up a joint venture to build a facility that produces polymers from renewable feedstock instead of petrochemicals. In particular, their goal was to design a fermentation system that converts corn sugar into PDO (propanediol manufactured in this way is referred to in the media as "BioPDO"). They argue that using such a bioprocess is more energy efficient than conventional petrochemical processes (conversion of propylene into propanediol) because the bioprocess has four advantages over the conventional process: smaller environmental footprint, lower operating costs, smaller capital investment, and greater sustainability due to use of renewable corn feedstock.
Process.
BioPDO can be made by the bacterial fermentation of glycerol. However, DuPont has managed to engineer a strain of "Escherichia coli" ("E. coli"), a common bacterium, to allow industrial-scale production of 1,3-propanediol by fermentation of glucose. After the "E. coli" produce sufficient BioPDO product, DuPont uses a method to separate the BioPDO from the cellular broth that comes out of the bioreactor consisting of four steps: microfiltration and ultrafiltration, ion exchange, flash evaporation, and distillation.
Energy efficiency of process.
According to DuPont, the BioPDO process uses 40% less energy than conventional processes. DuPont also claims that the bioprocess reduces greenhouse gas emissions by 20%, and that the production of one hundred million pounds of BioPDO annually "saves the energy equivalent of fifteen million gallons of gasoline per year". Because of DuPont and Tate & Lyle's success in developing a renewable BioPDO process, the American Chemical Society awarded the BioPDO research teams the "2007 Heroes of Chemistry" award.

</doc>
<doc id="20611951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611951" title="Economy of Tangier">
Economy of Tangier

Tangiers economy is the third biggest of all Moroccan cities, after the economic capital Casablanca and the political capital Rabat.
Tangier is Morocco's second most important industrial center after Casablanca. The industrial sectors are diversified: textile, chemical, mechanical, metallurgical and naval. Currently, the city has four industrial parks of which two have the status of free economic zone (see Tangier Free Zone). 
The years 2007 and 2008 will be particularly important for the city because of the completion of large construction projects currently being built. These include the Tangier-Mediterranean port ("Tanger-med") and its industrial parks, a 45,000-seat sports stadium, an expanded business district, and a renovated tourist infrastructure.
Agriculture in the area of Tangier is tertiary and mainly cereal. 
The infrastructure of this city of the strait of Gibraltar consists of a port that manages flows of goods and travellers (more than one million travelers per annum) and integrates a marina with a fishing port. Artisanal trade in the old medina (old city) specializes mainly in leather working, handicrafts made from wood and silver, traditional clothing, and shoes of Moroccan origin. 
The city has seen a fast pace of rural exodus from other small cities and villages. The population has quadrupled during the last 25 years (1 million inhabitants in 2007 vs. 250,000 in 1982). This phenomenon has resulted in the appearance of peripheral suburban districts, mainly inhabited by poor people, that often lack sufficient infrastructure.
Tourism.
Tangier's economy relies heavily on tourism. Seaside resorts have been increasing with projects funded by foreign investments. Real estate and construction companies have been investing heavily in tourist infrastructures. A bay delimiting the city center extends for more than seven kilometers.
Hamptons International and Emaar have identified Tangier as a major growth area and recently unveiled Tinja, a resort on the Atlantic, twenty minutes drive from Tangier and an hour from Spain. Tangier will be made up of six distinctive communities with a hill-top community as the centre-piece. 
Typically, the resort features a wealth of recreational and leisure facilities as well as a beach and spa hotel. With this development, Emaar aims to capitalize on the rental market; a sound strategy with a current lack of quality housing available and also no tax on rental income for purchasers for five years.
In terms of pricing, on the higher-end of the market, pricing is anywhere between US$1,575 and US$4,726 per sq m built, depending on the specifications and services which remains competitive with Europe and other Middle Eastern destinations".
Development.
Before 1956, Tangier was a city with international status. It had a great image and attracted many artists. After Morocco regained control over Tangier, this attention slacked off. Investment was low and the city lost its economic importance. But when Mohammed VI became king in 1999, he developed a plan for the economic revival of Tangier. 
The economic boom in the city caused a population boom as well. Upgrading social services and infrastructure has become a necessity. A large-scale development program was created, requiring MAD 2.46bln (about $320mln) to upgrade the city. It was approved in August 2008 under the chairmanship of King Mohammed VI.
The upgrading program will benefit mainly the popular and suburban neighborhoods of the city in order to guarantee harmony in the urban setting by reinforcing basic infrastructures and providing social equipment to the environment-related projects. This colossal investment is meant to enable Tangier to hook up again with its prestigious image, and cope with the economic development triggered in the northern region, as huge, structuring projects are launched here and there on the Mediterranean coasts of the kingdom. Tangier Medina will benefit from $11.5mln to revamp the road grid, better public transportation, improve traffic and reinforce social equipment.
Infrastructure.
New developments include a new airport terminal, a soccer stadium with seating for 45,000 spectators, a high-speed train line and a new highway that connects the city with Rabat and Casablanca. Additionally, a new train station was constructed, called Tanger-Ville.
The high-speed "TGV" rail linking Tangier with Casablanca will be operational by 2013, and is expected to carry 8 million passengers the first year. This TGV line will require a USD 2.7Bn investment. 18 TGV cars are needed for this project that will contribute to reducing the duration of the trip between the two economic poles to 2h10 instead of 4h40 now.
Tangier Exportation Free Zone.
The creation of the TEFZ increased the economic output of the city significantly.
The TEFZ is a protected free trade environment where companies from around the world can operate tax-free. It covers an area of 345 hectares. It incorporates a vast container port at the junction of the biggest maritime routes in the world with the capacity to handle both cargo and passenger ships. The free zone allowed Tangier to develop into an industrial pillar of the country.
Tangier-Med.
The Tangier-Med is the largest port in Africa and one of largest in the mediterranean sea.
The complex has important economic effects in terms of jobs, creation of added value and foreign investment. Its particular position on the Straits of Gibraltar, at the crossing of two major maritime routes, and 15 km from the European Union enables it to serve a market of hundreds of millions of consumers through the industrial and commercial free zones which will be run by well-known private operators.
It also wins part of the strong growth market of container transshipment and has became the leading hub for cereal transshipment, a facility which is non-existent in the north-west African region at present. 
The complex is implemented, coordinated and managed by TMSA, a private company with public prerogatives, operating under an agreement with the State and interacting with the different ministries involved.

</doc>
<doc id="20611958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611958" title="Malta Kiosk">
Malta Kiosk

The Malta Kiosk () is a historic imperial Ottoman residence located within the garden of the Yıldız Palace in Istanbul, Turkey. The two-storey pavilion was commissioned by Sultan Abdülaziz (reigned 1861–1876) as a hunting lodge, designed by the architect Sarkis Balyan in the neo-baroque style and completed in 1870.
The pavilion, perched atop a steep hill, is one of the two lodges of its art within the Yıldız Park, the other one being the Çadır Pavilion (). It is located at the north side of the wall separating Yıldız Palace. There are also two watching and resting pavilions in the grove being the rear garden of Çırağan Palace from the Abdül Aziz I period. The origin of the name is not certain but it is thought that during the Ottoman era certain parts of palaces were called after the names of conquered places, so this name was probably given after the siege of Malta.
Architecture.
Malta Kiosk is an example of westernised architecture of the 19th century. The building was constructed by Sarkis Balyan and his brothers. During the Abdül Mecid I period, the architects have been influenced by the European architecture and motifs of nature, flowers, fruits and hunting animal figures have been widely used on the walls. Round marble columns, terraces, bedrooms, wooden and crystal halls have features like neo-classical, neo-Islamic and neo-Ottoman characteristics. The arches in S and C shapes originated from the Rococo style. Columns, palmets or sea shells have been added to the keystones of the arches. The baroque style of the 19th century has been reflected with oval windows, fluted cornices, flushed columns with small tower on ends. The vertical and horizontal elements have been balanced in the Empire style symbolising the Napoleonic period under the influence of Egyptian and Roman architecture.
The facades of the building on each side, painted in yellow and green, consists of three parts with a large center section flanked by two smaller. Main elements of the facades are triple, tall but narrow, round-arched windows. At the second floor on the side overlooking the Bosporus are also balconies. The building has four doors in total.
The waterside entrance opens onto a large hall. On both sides of the entrance hall, two staircases rise to upper floor. A large chandelier hangs from a dome-shaped ceiling, which is opulently decorated with curving branches and clusters of various flower motifs. The lower salon contains a big marble fountain and a marble pool in the center decorated with carved swan and fish figures. Between the hall and the salon, there are five-tier marble fountains again with carved swan figures. Two marble columns erects here to the ceiling.
The salon on the upper level is flanked with two large and one small-sized rooms. The large salons on both floors are equipped with a carved marble fireplace worked with colorful flowers. Oil paintings with landscape themes beautify the walls of the salons. Two rooms on the upper floor are decorated with flower motifs. There are balconies on the second floor facing the sea.
Witness to political incidents.
When Sultan Abdülaziz was dethroned in 1876, his nephew Murad V (reigned May 30-August 31, 1876) was elevated to the throne. However, he was in turn deposed only after 93 days on the grounds that he was mentally ill, and was replaced by his brother, Abdul Hamid II (reigned 1876–1909). Abdul Hamid II detained Murad V in the Malta Pavilion.
Midhat Pasha, grand vizier and statesman, was ordered by Sultan Abdul Hamid II to be arrested the second time in 1881. Although escaped in the first instance, Midhat Pasha returned a short time later claiming a fair hearing. The trial was held in the nearby Çadır Pavilion, and lasted three days in June that year, during which he was tortured in the basement. The trial of Midhat Pasha took place in a tent behind the pavilion.
Redevelopment.
Following the foundation of the Turkish Republic, the Malta Pavilion, as many of Ottoman imperial buildings, stood unused and was neglected over a long period. In 1979, the Touring and Automobile Club of Turkey (TTOK) under its CEO Çelik Gülersoy signed an agreement with the City of Istanbul to restore and preserve specific imperial residences, and to run them as public premises. Malta Pavilion was the first restoration work accomplished.
The exterior walls were repainted green with white trim, and the interiors were restored to their former glory. Furnishings, chandeliers and paintings were collected to fit the style of the rich neo-baroque building.
Opened to the public in 1982, the Malta Pavilion was run as a cafeteria and restaurant by the TTOK until the lease license expired, and the Metropolitan Municipality of Istanbul did not renew it. From 1997 until 2003, it was operated by the tourism company Beltur of the Metropolitan Municipality. Today, the premise is being run by a private company. In the restaurant and cafeteria on two floors, up to 150 guests can be served.
Dessert.
"Malta Köşkü" is also the name of a cake in the Turkish cuisine prepared with the loquat fruit ().

</doc>
<doc id="20611965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611965" title="Pennsylvania Railroad Technical and Historical Society">
Pennsylvania Railroad Technical and Historical Society

The Pennsylvania Railroad Technical and Historical Society (PRRTHS) is a railroad historical society founded in 1974 and organized as a Pennsylvania non-profit corporation and recognized as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization by the United States Internal Revenue Service.
The Society defines its mission as bringing together those interested in the Pennsylvania Railroad and its predecessors and subsidiaries for the purpose of preserving and recording all information available about them.
The society is recognized as the source for PRR information by railroad periodicals such as RailModel Journal,
RailPace
and Model Railroader.
Publications.
The PRRTHS has published a quarterly illustrated journal, "The Keystone", since 1968. The journal contains researched articles on topics related to the PRR, as well as reader questions and answers, news items of PRR interest, and reviews of PRR-related publications.

</doc>
<doc id="20611972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20611972" title="NH 1A">
NH 1A

NH 1A may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20612001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612001" title="Clinician">
Clinician

A clinician is a health care practitioner that works as a primary care giver of a patient in either a hospital setting, pre-hospital setting, clinic setting or under the Affordable Care Act in home health care.
Types of clinicians:
References.
Pharmacist

</doc>
<doc id="20612007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612007" title="Mike Slee">
Mike Slee

Michael John Slee (born 23 August 1959) is a British television documentary producer/director, film-maker and writer.
Life and career.
Born in Windlesham, Surrey, Slee studied Art & Design at Kingston University, and graduated with a first class honours degree from the London College of Printing in Photography, Film and TV. He first achieved industry recognition for directing James Burke, in the 1989 ACE Award-winning PBS documentary series "After the Warming". This prescient series dealt with the issue of global warming, using virtual reality computer simulations.
Slee then directed a 20-part TLC series with Burke, called "Connections 2". By 1997 he was at the forefront of large screen IMAX film making, co-devising and directing "Wildfire - Feel the Heat" for the Discovery Channel, and "The Legend of Loch Lomond" for the Strathclyde European Partnership. In 2003 he co-wrote and directed "BUGS 3D!", a $9 million IMAX 3D natural history drama, narrated by Judi Dench. The film was a semi-finalist at the 2004 Oscars, and was awarded the GSTA Lifelong Learning Honor in the same year.
Slee directed the 2005 British television programme, '. In 2008 he directed the feature film ', which was narrated by Whoopi Goldberg. Based on the ubiquitous Animal Planet television series, the film was selected for the Tribeca Film Festival.
In 2011 he began filming the IMAX 3D project "Flight of the Butterflies". Covering Dr Fred Urquhart's nearly 40-year-long scientific investigation into the monarch butterfly. Principal filming of the one-year project was completed in early March 2012, The film had its world premiere on September 24, 2012, at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., hosted by the Federal government of Mexico, through the Mexico Tourism Board and the Embassy of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20612015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612015" title="Acartiidae">
Acartiidae

Acartiidae is a family of calanoid copepods distinguishable by the rostral margin not being extended. They are epipelagic, planktonic animals, not being found below a depth of . There are over 100 described species distributed throughout the world's oceans, mainly in temperate areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20612016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612016" title="GNUnited Nations">
GNUnited Nations

GNUnited Nations is a free program developed by the GNU Project to manage translation of HTML files. It produces a template from a master HTML file, which can be filled in with translations. The program then generates the translated pages, including the markup from the first page unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="20612021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612021" title="Wolf and Wolf v Forfar Potato Co">
Wolf and Wolf v Forfar Potato Co

Wolf and Wolf v Forfar Potato Co (1984 S.L.T. 100) is a leading case in Scots contract law. It deals with offer and acceptance, more specifically with the effects a counter offer has on the existence of a contract.
The case itself concerns the possible sale of potatoes by a Forfar potato merchant to an international potato merchant in Amsterdam, on 29 November 1977. The Forfar merchant telexed an offer (open for acceptance till 17.00 hrs., 30 November 1977) to sell potatoes to the international merchant, subject to certain conditions regarding delivery dates and sizes. By telex dated 30 November 1977, the international merchant purported to accept the offer, subject to certain additional conditions. Following a telephone conversation between the parties to clarify the position, the international merchant by further telex dated 30 November 1977, sent within the time-limit, again purported to accept the original offer but requested that their conditions telexed in their first telex, should be given consideration. The Forfar merchant did not supply the potatoes and was sued for damages. The question arose as to whether there was a valid contract with consensus in idem ever constituted between the parties. 
The sheriff after a proof before answer, held that 
The pursuers appealed to the Court of Session where it was held that on the making of a qualified acceptance and counter-offer, the original offer falls and that on the failure to obtain the terms requested in the counter-offer, the party cannot fall back on and accept the original offer.

</doc>
<doc id="20612042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612042" title="Punchestown Champion Hurdle">
Punchestown Champion Hurdle

The Punchestown Champion Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Punchestown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are nine hurdles to be jumped. The race is scheduled to take place each year during the Punchestown Festival in late April or early May.
The present version of the race was introduced in 1999, and it was initially sponsored by Shell. Several different sponsors have followed, including Emo Oil and ACCBank. Its current sponsor, Rabobank, began supporting the race in 2009.
The field usually includes horses which ran previously in the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham, and the last to win both events in the same year was Hurricane Fly in 2013. For a period the race was restricted to horses aged five or older, but the minimum age was lowered to four in 2009.
Records.
Most successful horse since 1999 (4 wins):
Leading jockey since 1999 (4 wins):
Leading trainer since 1999 (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20612048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612048" title="Flag of Benelux">
Flag of Benelux

The flag of Benelux is an unofficial flag commissioned by the Committee for Belgian-Dutch-Luxembourgian Cooperation in 1957. It is an amalgam of the flags of the member states: Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg.
The red stripe is from the Flag of Luxembourg, the blue stripe is from the Flag of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, and the black stripe and yellow lion rampant are taken from the Coat of arms of Belgium. The lion also represents the Benelux area as a whole, since each constituent nation possesses a coat of arms featuring a lion rampant facing left ("Leo Belgicus").

</doc>
<doc id="20612054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612054" title="Flamingo (song)">
Flamingo (song)

"Flamingo" (1940) is a popular song and jazz standard written by
Ted Grouya and Edmund Anderson and first performed by Herb Jeffries and Duke Ellington. Other notable versions were recorded by Earl Bostic in 1951, who hit number one on the R&B chart, and Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass on the album "S.R.O." (1966).
Arild Andresen, piano with guitar and bass recorded it in Oslo on March 11, 1955 as the third melody of the medley "Klaver-Cocktail Nr. 3" along with "Sophisticated Lady" and "With a Song in My Heart". The medley was released on the 78 rpm record His Master's Voice A.L. 3514. Italian singer Mina recorded it on her album " Baby Gate" in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20612088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612088" title="Avery Anthology">
Avery Anthology

Avery: An Anthology of New Fiction is a biannual literary magazine based in New York City. Founded in 2007 by Stephanie Fiorelli, Adam Koehler, and Andrew Palmer, Avery publishes previously unpublished fiction by previously unpublished, emerging, and established authors. Editor Emma Straub has since replaced Andrew Palmer and Graphic Designer Mike Fusco currently runs Avery's Art Department. In addition to publishing fiction, Avery is dedicated to showcasing emerging artists and using emerging artists' artwork to complement the magazine's fiction.
As of 12/11/2013 Duotrope lists Avery Anthology as "permanently closed to submissions." The anthology appears to have no up-to-date web presence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20612100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612100" title="Oaș">
Oaș

Oaş may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20612107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612107" title="N2O (disambiguation)">
N2O (disambiguation)

N2O is the chemical formula for Nitrous oxide. N2O or N2O may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20612137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612137" title="Investment in Morocco">
Investment in Morocco

Foreign direct investments in Morocco grew to $2.57bln in 2007 from $2.4bln a year earlier to position the country in the fourth rank in Africa among FDI recipients. Although other studies have shown much higher figures.
Investment by region.
Investment from the EU.
Most of the FDIs injected in Morocco came from the European Union with France, the major economic partner of the north African kingdom, topping the list with investments worth $1.86bln, followed by Spain ($783mln), the report said.
The influx of European countries in Morocco's FDI represents 73.5% of the global amount received in 2007, according to the report which was presented by Souraya Ouali of the Direction of Investments.
Investment from the Arab World.
19.3% of the investments came from Arab countries, whose share in Morocco's FDI showed a marked rise, as they only represented 9.9% of the entire FDIs in 2006.
A number of Arab countries, mainly from the Persian Gulf are involved in large-scale projects in Morocco, including the giant Tanger Med port on the Mediterranean. Morocco remains the preferred destination of foreign investors in the Maghreb region (Algeria, Libya, Mauritania, Morocco and Tunisia), with a total of $13.6mln between 2001 and 2007, which puts it largely on the top of the list.
The Persian Gulf countries are investing heavily in Morocco, particularly in tourism and real estate. Construction is evident everywhere. These investments reflect the strong diplomatic relations between Morocco and the regimes in the Persian Gulf countries. Some analysts would add the Sunni affinity as another factor, but above all, it is the liberalized economy and the economic reforms in Morocco that appear to be attracting most of the investors from the Persian Gulf region.
The trend of heavy Persian Gulf investments in Morocco came in the wake of 9/11, when GCC countries began to invest more in the Arab world. Due to the oil prices, which climbed about 400% in eight years, member countries of the GCC (Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain, and Oman) accumulated considerable liquidity that has triggered the drive for diversification.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has been a major player in Morocco's development. While early investments were primarily in construction and tourism, recent investments have been directed at newer areas such as information technology, agriculture, transportation, telecommunications, automobile and aviation development. The amount of the investments is becoming of great significance for the Moroccan economy
Analysts estimate that the potential of investment of the Persian Gulf countries is about $500 billion, and Morocco could conceivably attract no less than 20 billion dollars of that amount.
Investment per sector.
In terms of sectors, tourism has the lion's share with $1.55bln, that is 33% of the total FDIs, followed by the real estate sector and the industrial sector, with respectively $930mln and $374mln. Moroccan expatriates' share of the FDI stood at $92mln in 2007, up from $57mln in 2006, and they touch mainly the sectors of real estate, tourism and catering, according to the report.
Recent developments.
Expectations for 2008 are promising, noting that 72 projects were approved for a global amount of $9.28bln. These are due to open 40,023 direct job opportunities. Morocco is also a source of foreign investments. In 2007, it has injected $652mln in projects abroad, which put the kingdom in the third position in Africa, UNCTAD said.
Morocco has become an attractive destination for European investors thanks to its relocation sites "Casashore" and "Rabatshore", and to the very rapid cost escalation in Eastern Europe, Vice chairman of the "Groupe d'impulsion économique France-Maroc" (GIEFM) said in October 2008. He stressed that the offshoring sector in Morocco is of great importance as it creates high-level jobs that are generally accompanied by an influx of Moroccan immigrants. He underlined, however, that human resources remain the major concern for companies seeking to gain a foothold in Morocco. In this regard, he deemed "important" the decision of the Moroccan government to accelerate training in the required disciplines.
Reforms.
In a bid to promote foreign investments, Morocco in 2007 adopted a series of measures and legal provisions to simplify procedures and secure appropriate conditions for projects launching and completing. Foreign trade minister, Abdellatif Maazouz cited that these measures include financial incentives and tax exemptions provided for in the investment code and the regional investment centres established to accompany projects.
These measures combined with actions carried out by the Hassan II Fund for Development increased foreign investments in Morocco by $ 544,7 mln in 2007. 20% of these investments came from Islamic countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20612195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612195" title="Jules Fontaine Sambwa">
Jules Fontaine Sambwa

Jules-Fontaine Sambwa (12 November 1940-4 March 1998) was a Zairean political officeholder and economist.
Biography.
Jules-Fontaine Sambwa Pida Nbagui was born in Mbandaka, on 12 November 1940. He died on 4 March 1998. After graduating in Economy and Finance at the University of Brussels in 1967, he exercised the following high offices in the Republic of Zaire:
At the same time, he was also a professor at the University of Kinshasa where, as part of the Faculty of Economy, he was "titular to the class of international economy".
Visiting Europe since 1991, Jules-Fontaine Sambwa carried on his research and studies on the development of Sub-Saharan Africa until his death. 
His care for a positive contribution to the reflection of diverse intellectuals on the emergence of rules of law in Sub-Saharan Africa made him accept the office of President of the “Zaire Club 2000” in 1994.
Awards.
He had been promised to the following honorary distinctions:

</doc>
<doc id="20612200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612200" title="Respiratory bronchiolitis interstitial lung disease">
Respiratory bronchiolitis interstitial lung disease

Respiratory bronchiolitis interstitial lung disease refers to a form of idiopathic interstitial pneumonia associated with smoking.
It is a histological finding, not a pathological description. When associated with disease, it is known as "Respiratory bronchiolitis-associated interstitial lung disease" or "RB-ILD".
The appearance is similar to desquamative interstitial pneumonia, and some have suggested that the two conditions are caused by the same processes.

</doc>
<doc id="20612218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612218" title="John Milton's poetic style">
John Milton's poetic style

The poetic style of John Milton, also known as Miltonic verse, Miltonic epic, or Miltonic blank verse, was a highly influential poetic structure popularized by Milton. Although Milton wrote earlier poetry, his influence is largely grounded in his later poems: "Paradise Lost", "Paradise Regained", and "Samson Agonistes".
Miltonic verse.
Although Milton was not the first to use blank verse, his use of it was very influential and he became known for the style. When Miltonic verse became popular, Samuel Johnson mocked Milton for inspiring bad blank verse, but he recognized that Milton's verse style was very influential. Poets such as Alexander Pope, whose final, incomplete, work was intended to be written in the form, and John Keats, who complained that he relied too heavily on Milton, adopted and picked up various aspects of his poetry. In particular, Miltonic blank verse became the standard for those attempting to write English epics for centuries following the publication of "Paradise Lost" and his later poetry.
Christian epic.
Milton was not the first to write an epic poem on a Christian theme. There are some well-known precursors:
He was, on the other hand and according to Tobias Gregory:
the most theologically learned among early modern epic poets. He was, moreover, a theologian of great independence of mind, and one who developed his talents within a society where the problem of divine justice was debated with particular intensity. 
He is able to establish divine action and his divine characters in a superior way to other Renaissance epic poets, including Ludovico Ariosto or Tasso. 
In "Paradise Lost" Milton also ignores the traditional epic format, which started with Homer, of a plot based on a mortal conflict between opposing armies with deities watching over and occasionally interfering with the action. Instead, both divinity and mortal are involved in a conflict that, while momentarily ending in tragedy, offers a future salvation. In both "Paradise Lost" and "Paradise Regained", Milton incorporates aspects of Lucan's epic model, the epic from the view of the defeated. Although he does not accept the model completely within "Paradise Regained", he incorporates the "anti-Virgilian, anti-imperial epic tradition of Lucan". Milton goes further than Lucan in this belief and ""Paradise Lost" and "Paradise Regained" carry further, too, the movement toward and valorization of romance that Lucan's tradition had begun, to the point where Milton's poems effectively create their own new genre".
Greek tragedy.
Milton defined his views of Greek tragedy in the preface to "Samson Agonistes". His understanding of what would make an appropriate Christian tragedy combines aspects of Greek Tragedy with Hebrew Scripture, which alters both forms. Here again he was not an innovator, following for example the "Adamus Exul" (1601) of Hugo Grotius, and the "Adamo" (1615) of Giovanni Battista Andreini.
Milton believed that the Bible was a precursor to the classical forms relied on by the Greeks and Romans, and that the Bible accomplished what the Greeks and Romans wished in a more suitable manner. In his introduction, Milton discusses Aristotle's definition of tragedy and sets out his own paraphrase of it to connect it to "Samson Agonistes":
Tragedy, as it was anciently composed, hath been ever held the gravest, moralest, and most profitable of all other poems: therefore said by Aristotle to be of power by raising pity and fear, or terror, to purge the mind of those and such-like passions, that is to temper and reduce them to just measure with a kind of delight, stirred up by reading or seeing those passions well imitated. Nor is nature wanting in her own effects to make good his assertion: for so in physic things of melancholic hue and quality are used against melancholy, sour against sour, salt to remove salt humors.
Milton continues, "Of the style and uniformity, and that commonly called the plot, whether intricate or explicit... they only will best judge who are not unacquainted with Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides, the three tragic poets unequaled yet by any, and the best rule to all who endeavor to write tragedy". As with his Christian epics, Milton fused classical and Scriptural ideas in order to create better English literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20612231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612231" title="Homicide in Spain">
Homicide in Spain

Homicide, according to the Spanish Criminal Code 1995 is a crime which contravenes the legal right to "independent human life". It is found in article 138 which states: "He who kills another will be punished, as a defendant of homicide, with a prison sentence of ten to fifteen years".
The main legal concept in article 138 is bad faith. It may be present in any form, whether direct or indirect. The active subject (he who kills) as well as the passive subject (he who is killed) are universal, meaning that either can be any person, regardless of the circumstances. 
Homicide committed by grave recklessness is covered in article 142, which includes both reckless homicide by weapons or motor vehicles and homicide caused by professional recklessness. It states:
"1. He who by grave recklessness causes the death of another will be punished, as a defendant of reckless homicide, with a prison sentence of one to four years.
2. When the reckless homicide is committed using a motor vehicle, a motorcycle or a firearm, the defendant will also be deprived of his right to drive motor vehicles or motorcycles or the right to possess and carry arms for one to six years.
3. When the homicide is committed by professional recklessness, the defendant will also be prohibited from exercising his profession or office for a period of three to six years."
Homicide by minor recklessness is covered in article 621.2 of the Criminal Code:
"2. Those who by minor recklessness cause the death of another person will be punished with a fine of one to two months".
It is necessary to indicate that in Spanish law, involuntary homicide is not regulated; in the majority of cases the law that will be applied will be somewhere between homicide and the criminal concept which is involved.
Other specific concepts, such as parricide and uxoricide also do not exist, since in Spanish criminal law the punishment is founded in the violation of the legal right and not the fact of killing one particular person or another. For these cases, the circumstances of kinship, found in article 23, could be used as aggravating.

</doc>
<doc id="20612249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612249" title="One Lincoln Park, Denver">
One Lincoln Park, Denver

One Lincoln Park is a residential tower in Denver, reaching 32 stories and 
. The building sits at the edge of the downtown grid and is bounded by Welton St, 20th St, Lincoln St, and 20th Ave.

</doc>
<doc id="20612257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612257" title="Chemical Agent Identification Set">
Chemical Agent Identification Set

Chemical Agent Identification Sets (CAIS), known by several other names, were sets of glass vials or bottles that contained small amounts of chemical agents. They were employed by all branches of the United States Armed Forces from 1928-1969 for the purpose of training in detection, handling and familiarization with chemical warfare. Most CAIS were destroyed in the 1980s but the U.S. Army Chemical Materials Agency still occasionally demilitarizes CAIS that are found buried.
History.
Nomenclature.
Throughout the military's use of CAIS they were known by several different common names aside from Chemical Agent Identification Sets. The other names were: Toxic Gas Sets, Chemical Agent Identification Training Sets, Instructional War Gas Identification Sets, Detonation War Gas Identification Sets, and Instructional Gas Identification Replacement Sets.
General history.
CAIS were used by all branches of the United States military for training in detection, handling and familiarization with chemical warfare agents between the 1930s and 1960s. The U.S. Army used CAIS to train its soldiers from 1928 until 1969. During this time period more than 100,000 CAIS units were produced by all branches of the military. CAIS were declared obsolete in 1971 and systematically recalled from military installations during two operations. The first recall operation, Operation Set Consolidation I (SETCON I), was in 1978; SETCON II followed on in 1980.
Specifications.
Chemical Agent Identification Sets were small glass vials, ampules or bottles which contained small amounts of chemical warfare agents or industrial chemicals. Each set contained more than two dozen glass ampules, each ampule contained about 100 milliliters of chemical agent. There were three subsets of CAIS, distributed in 18 different set configurations. These subsets included bottles of sulfur mustard used to purposely contaminate equipment or terrain for decontamination training. Another type of CAIS were known as "sniff sets" and were used to train soldiers to recognize the color and odor of chemical agents. Used indoors, the sniff sets contained agent-impregnated charcoal and agent simulants; they contained very little actual chemical warfare agent.
Chemical agents.
Each of the CAIS held between one and five different chemical agents. The agents used in CAIS were phosgene, adamsite, lewisite, cyanogen chloride, chloroacetophenone, sarin, nitrogen mustard, sulfur mustard and chloropicrin. In addition, triphosgene, a phosgene simulant, and ethyl malonate, a tabun simulant were also used. Sarin was the only nerve agent used in CAIS.
Disposal programs.
Following the recall operations of the late 1970s and early 1980s, 21,400 CAIS were sent to Rocky Mountain Arsenal where they were destroyed by incineration. The destroyed CAIS represented the entire stockpile then in storage. This initial disposal took place from May-October 1979 and again from May 1981-December 1982.
Though the stockpile of CAIS were destroyed decades ago, there remained the problem of what to do with CAIS found buried underground. Most of the other 80,000 or so CAIS were used during training but some were disposed of, the primary method of disposal was burial. The U.S. Army Chemical Materials Agency was assigned the task of destroying CAIS as they were found, usually through ongoing construction projects. When CAIS items are found the Chemical Materials Agency's Non-Stockpile Chemical Materiel Project (NSCMP) is tasked to destroy them using the Single CAIS Access and Neutralization System (SCANS), a small, hand-held container used to access and treat recovered CAIS. After treatment, the SCANS is overpacked in a Department of Transportation-approved transport container and shipped to a permitted facility for final treatment and disposal of the entire SCANS container and its waste contents.

</doc>
<doc id="20612262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612262" title="Juan de Gaona">
Juan de Gaona

Fray Juan de Gaona (1507–1560) was a Franciscan friar. Born in 1507 in Burgos Spain, he studied at the University of Paris before journeying to New Spain in 1538.
Gaona died on 27 September 1560. He had composed a Nahuatl-language text, "Colloquios de la paz, y tranquilidad Christiana" ("Dialogues of peace and Christian tranquility"), which was published after his death in 1582.
References.
–

</doc>
<doc id="20612276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612276" title="Total balance">
Total balance

Total balance refers to whole-system scientific methods for adding up the whole effect of things, starting from the concepts of life-cycle analysis (LCA) and using scientific methods to mix physical measures with economic measures and the whole system learning curves of their environmental connections. A balance of future compensations assuming a goal of sustainability is the objective. It is aimed at providing people a true measure of the meaning of their choices. The start is using the energy value of money as a measure of the whole economic system, and its widely distributed average effects. 
The untraceable portion of whole system impacts may be shown to be many times the scale of the traceable portion when considered that way. It's useful because so much of the impacts distributed in complex systems are unaccountable. The major unaccountable part of economic impacts, for example, is the free use of the money given others for their goods and services. There are no data for what they do with it, making it a perfect hiding place for many times the impacts you readily see. 
For whole energy impact of a choice the simple first step is to add up the accountable btu's used, like electric bills and LCA accounts, and then add the average economic btu/$ for the cost. The global average btu/$ cost of GDP is ~6000btu/$(2008) based on United States Department of Energy trends. Then there are ways to proportionally adjust that for the details of other things. The effect is to add the impacts of the technology and the impacts of the commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20612281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612281" title="Itsallgreektome">
Itsallgreektome

Itsallgreektome (1987–2007) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Sired by Sovereign Dancer, who also sired Preakness Stakes winners Gate Dancer and Louis Quatorze, he was out of the mare Sans Supplement, a daughter of Grey Dawn, who was a multiple stakes winner in France.
The winner of top stakes races in 1990, he ran second to Royal Academy in the 1990 Breeders' Cup Mile and his performances over the year earned him American Champion Male Turf Horse honors. In 1991, Itsallgreektome equaled the Keeneland Race Course record for nine furlongs on grass with a winning time of 1:48.42. That year, he was second in the Breeders' Cup Turf to winner Miss Alleged.
A gelding, Itsallgreektome was retired to Cardiff Farm in Creston, California. He was euthanized on February 15, 2007, due to the infirmities of old age.

</doc>
<doc id="20612283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612283" title="Ted Grouya">
Ted Grouya

Ted Grouya (31 July 1910 - 14 April 2000) born Theodor Grouya in Bucharest, Romania, was a composer who studied composition with Nadia Boulanger. He wrote the jazz standard "Flamingo" (1940), first recorded by Herb Jeffries and Duke Ellington, and later recorded by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass for their album "S.R.O." (1966). 
Grouya also wrote the music for the film version of "Our Hearts Were Young and Gay" (1944) and other films. In 1949 he married American actrice Mary Meade.
A one time resident of Palm Springs, California, Grouya had a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars dedicated to him in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20612338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612338" title="2003 European Curling Championships">
2003 European Curling Championships

The 2003 European Curling Championships were held in Courmayeur, Italy December 5-13.
Men's.
A tournament.
Playoffs.
Semifinals.
"December 12th, 20:00"
Bronze Medal Game.
"December 13th, 14:00"
Gold Medal Game.
"December 13th, 14:00"
Women's.
A tournament.
Playoffs.
Semifinals.
"December 12th, 11:30"
Bronze Medal Game.
"December 13th, 10:00"
Gold Medal Game.
"December 13th, 10:00"

</doc>
<doc id="20612357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612357" title="Hydrogen silsesquioxane">
Hydrogen silsesquioxane

Hydrogen silsesquioxane (HSQ) is a negative tone electron-beam resist. The Hydrogen silsesquioxane monomer is a cubical-shaped molecule having one Si atom at each corner, with corners being linked via oxygen atoms. Additionally, a hydrogen group is attached to each Si. The formula of the HSQ monomer is H8Si8O12. Thin HSQ layers have been used to show very high resolution (~10 nm) feature sizes. Thickness of the coated resist has been reported to play a major role in the achievable resolution.
It can be cross-linked by exposure to e-beam or EUV radiation with wavelengths shorter than 157 nm.

</doc>
<doc id="20612370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612370" title="Thomas Wharton (anatomist)">
Thomas Wharton (anatomist)

Thomas Wharton (1614–1673) was an English physician and anatomist best known for his descriptions of the submandibular duct (one of the salivary ducts) and Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord.
Life.
He was the only son of John Wharton (d. 10 June 1629) by his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Roger Hodson (d. 10 March 1646) of Fountains Abbey, and was born at Winston-on-Tees, county Durham, on 31 August 1614. He was admitted at Pembroke College, Cambridge, on 4 July 1638, and matriculated two days later. He afterwards migrated to Trinity College, Oxford, where he acted for some time as tutor to John Scrope, natural son of Emanuel Scrope, 1st Earl of Sunderland. 
In 1642 he went to Bolton, where he remained three years studying; and then, having decided upon his future profession, removed to London and studied medicine under John Bathurst In 1646 he returned to Oxford, and was created M.D. on 7 May 1647. He was entered as a candidate of the College of Physicians on 25 January 1648, chosen fellow on 23 December 1650, incorporated at Cambridge on his doctor's degree in 1652, and held the post of censor of the Royal College of Physicians in 1658, 1661, 1666, 1667, 1668, and 1673. 
He obtained the appointment of physician to St. Thomas's Hospital on 20 November 1659, and retained it till his death in 1673. Wharton was one of the very few physicians who remained at his post in London during the whole of the outbreak of the plague of 1665. His services were recognised by a promise of the first vacant appointment of physician in ordinary to the king. When, however, a vacancy occurred and he applied for the fulfilment of the promise, he was put off with a grant of honourable augmentation to his paternal arms, for which he had to pay Sir William Dugdale.
Wharton died at his house in Aldersgate Street on 15 November 1673, and was buried on the 20th in the church of St. Michael Bassishaw in Basinghall Street. He married Jane, daughter of William Ashbridge of London, by whom he had three sons: Thomas, father of George Wharton (both physicians; George married Anna Maria, daughter of William Petty), Charles, and William; the last two died young. His wife predeceased him on 20 July 1669, and was buried at St. Michael Bassishaw on the 23rd.
Works.
Wharton described the glands more accurately than had previously been done, and made researches into their nature and use, relying on dissection and experiment. He was the discoverer of the duct of the sub-mandibulary gland for the conveyance of the saliva into the mouth, which bears his name. He made a special study of the minute anatomy of the pancreas. William Oughtred, in the epistle to his "Clavis Mathematicae" (London, 1648), speaks of Wharton's proficiency; and Izaak Walton, in his "Compleat Angler", expresses indebtedness to Wharton, and calls him a friend. 
He wrote four English verses under a fanciful engraving prefixed to a translation by Elias Ashmole, entitled "Arcanum, or the Grand Secret of Hermetic Philosophy", and published in his "Theatrum Chemicum Britannicum" (London, 1652). Wharton and Bathurst had visited Arthur Dee for Ashmole (who translated his "Fasciculus Chemicus", but never met him). Ashmole and Wharton worked together on the catalogue of the Musaeum Tradescantianum, printed in 1650, stemming from a visit they paid John Tradescant the younger in 1650. Their friendship was troubled, but reconciliation took place before Wharton's death.
Wharton published "Adenographia; sive glandularum totius corporis descriptio", London, 1656 (plates); Amsterdam, 1659; Oberwesel, 1664, 1671,1675; Düsseldorf, 1730. Large portions of the work were printed in Le Clerc and Mangot's "Bibliotheca Anatomica", Geneva, 1699. Hieronymus Barbatus in his "Dissertatio Elegantissima de Sanguine", Paris, 1667, makes use of Wharton's work.

</doc>
<doc id="20612397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612397" title="Technical documentation">
Technical documentation

In engineering, technical documentation refers to any type of documentation that describes handling, functionality and architecture of a technical product or a product under development or use. The intended recipient for product technical documentation is both the (proficient) end user as well as the administrator / service or maintenance technician. In contrast to a mere "cookbook" manual, technical documentation aims at providing enough information for a user to understand inner and outer dependencies of the product at hand. The technical writer's task is to translate the usually highly formalized technical documentation produced during the development phase into more readable prose.
The documentation accompanying a piece of technology is often the only means by which the user can fully understand said technology; regardless, technical documentation is often considered a "necessary evil" by developers. Consequently, the genre has suffered from what some industry experts lament as a lack of attention and precision.
Forms of technical documentation.
Technical documentation may include:
During development, a multitude of document types will play a significant role:
and various intermediate or intervening documents thereof.
Standardization of forms.
Traditionally, most forms of technical documentation have lacked recognized standards, though this is changing. So far, ISO has published a series of standards related to technical product documentations and these are covered by ICS 01.110. The ones that are not covered by ICS 01.110 are listed in the subsection below.

</doc>
<doc id="20612401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612401" title="Jens Søndergaard">
Jens Søndergaard

Jens Søndergaard (October 4, 1895 - May 21, 1957) was a Danish expressionist painter. He specialised in strongly coloured landscapes depicting his feelings for the power of nature and the sea. Søndergaard won both national and international acclaim.
Biography.
Jens Søndergaard was born in the small town Øster Assels on the island of Mors. His father, Anders Søndergaard, was a painter, but later opened a bicycle shop in Hurup on Thy. After finishing school, Jens Søndergaard also began training as a painter. After having served his apprenticeship, he was admitted to the technical school in Aarhus. While he worked as a painter, he tried to break through as an artist. He succeeded rather quickly, and was admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen in 1916, where his teacher was Malthe Engekstad.
In 1919, Jens Søndergaard debuted at the annual Artists' Autumn Exhibition (Kunstnernes Efterårsudstilling) and hosted his own separate exhibition the following year.
In 1926, he traveled to Paris, southern France and Italy. The same year, he became a member of the artists’ group Grønningen, and exhibited his works there until his death.
In 1931, he received the Eckersberg Medal, and in 1946 the Thorvaldsen Medal.
Søndergaard died in 1957, after a long period of illness.
Legacy.
Many of Søndergaard's works can be seen at the Jens Søndergaard Museum, a part of Museum of Lemvig, at Ferring on the west coast of Jutland. Once his own summer residence and atelier, the small wooden house lies right at the coast to the North Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20612402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612402" title="2010 Men's World Floorball Championships">
2010 Men's World Floorball Championships

The 2010 Men's World Floorball Championships was the eighth such world championships in men's floorball. The tournament was held from 4 December to 11 December 2010 in the cities of Helsinki, and Vantaa, Finland.
This was the first world championships under the International Floorball Federation's (IFF) FIFA-like continental qualification system. A total of 32 countries had registered for this event, which is the most nations to ever register for an IFF-sanctioned world championship event. The previous record was 29 for the 2008 Men's World Floorball Championships.
Qualifying.
Under the IFF's new qualification system, the 32 countries registered for the world championships had to qualify for only 16 spots. 8 of these spots had already been pre-determined, with the top 7 teams from the 2008 Men's World Floorball Championships A-Division and the top team from the B-Division automatically qualifying. This left just 8 spots for the other 24 registered countries.
The countries already qualified are as follows:
Asia/Oceania.
Qualifying in the Asia/Oceanian region for the world championships will be overseen by the Asia Oceania Floorball Confederation (AOFC).
Only 3 out of 5 registered AOFC countries qualified. The 5 countries were as follows:
"Note: India withdrew from world championships due to financial difficulties" 
Europe.
Only 4 out of 16 countries registered in Europe qualified. The 16 countries were as follows:
North America.
Only 1 out of 2 countries registered in North America qualified. The 2 countries were as follows:
Groups.
Ballots for the groups in this event were drawn on May 9, 2009, during one of the semi-final matches of the 2009 Men's under-19 World Floorball Championships in Turku, Finland.
In the way the ballots were drawn, no team qualified from the AOFC played against each other in group stage matches, and no team qualified from Europe either.
The groups were assembled based on qualifying as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20612427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612427" title="Clifford Cunnell">
Clifford Cunnell

Clifford Cunnell (born August 31, 1944) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Suffolk. He was born in Ipswich.
Cunnell made his Minor Counties Championship debut during the 1965 season, and with one season's exception, continued to play for the team until 1972. Cunnell made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1966 Gillette Cup, against Kent.
Cunnell's brother, Bob, made four appearances for Suffolk over a 13-year timespan.

</doc>
<doc id="20612428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612428" title="Robert Flack">
Robert Flack

Robert Flack may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20612429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612429" title="Robert Flack (cricketer, born 1943)">
Robert Flack (cricketer, born 1943)

"Not to be confused with Robert Flack, the former Eastern Province cricketer."
Robert Flack (born February 7, 1943) was an English cricketer who played for Suffolk. He was a left-handed batsman.
Flack made a single List A appearance for the side, during the 1966 Gillette Cup, against Kent. Batting in the opening order, Flack scored 46 runs in his only List A innings, finishing the top-scorer in the innings alongside fellow opening batsman Ian Prior.

</doc>
<doc id="20612430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612430" title="Richard English (cricketer)">
Richard English (cricketer)

Richard English was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Suffolk.
With a Minor Counties record for Cumberland and Durham stretching back to 1955, English picked up his only List A cricketing appearance for Suffolk in the 1966 Gillette Cup, against Kent.
Batting in the lower order, he scored a duck in the only List A innings in which he batted. He picked up figures of 1-59 with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20612431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612431" title="J. E. Green">
J. E. Green

J. E. Green (first name and details unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Suffolk.
Green made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1966 season, having played in the Minor Counties Championship in 1963 and 1965.
Green scored 13 not out in his only List A innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20612432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612432" title="Ian Prior (cricketer)">
Ian Prior (cricketer)

Ian Prior (26 July 1930 — 13 November 2007) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. He was born in Battersea and died in Ipswich.
Prior made 3 first class appearances for the Minor Counties. The first was against the West Indies in 1966, the second against Pakistan batting in the lower order alongside Norman Mcvicker,Prior scored 21 runs in the first innings and a duck in the second and finally against Australia in 1968. e
Prior made a single List A appearance, for Suffolk, during the 1966 Gillette Cup, having played Minor Counties cricket since 1953 with Suffolk and Essex's Second XI. Prior continued to play for Suffolk in the Minor Counties Championship until 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20612434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612434" title="Adafenoxate">
Adafenoxate

Adafenoxate is a compound related to centrophenoxine, that has been found to act as a nootropic in rats.

</doc>
<doc id="20612458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612458" title="Charles Pinsky">
Charles Pinsky

Charles L. Pinsky is a producer and director who got his start in sports television, but is more famous for his later focus on food and cooking shows. His career began with the Philadelphia Phillies and CBS Sports, which he left two decades ago to develop culinary related television.
Pinsky lives in New York City with his daughter Juliette, and their dog Pablo. He has received five James Beard Foundation Awards for best television cooking series or special.
In 2008, he produced a show–a food travelogue starring Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, Mark Bittman, and Claudia Bassols which was aired on PBS.
Pinsky, has his own production company, "frappé, inc." located in New York City, and his credits include:

</doc>
<doc id="20612461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612461" title="Chlo-e (Song of the Swamp)">
Chlo-e (Song of the Swamp)

"Chlo-e (Song of the Swamp)" (1927) is a show tune with music by Charles N. Daniels, writing under the pseudonym of "Neil Morét," and lyrics by Gus Kahn. It is now regarded as a jazz standard.
Origin.
The sheet music of "Chlo-e (Song of the Swamp") bears the front cover image of singer Ethel Waters and connects it to the show "Africana". This marked the Broadway debut of Waters, and began her rise to stardom. Produced by Earl Dancer and principally written by Donald Heywood, the show opened on July 11, 1927. ""Chloe""—to which the title is frequently, and usefully, modified, and is used hereafter—may have been placed in this revue as a later addition to the production. Waters' never recorded "Chloe", and it is not listed among the known songs that she sang in "Africana". The sheet music was first published in 1927 by Charles N. Daniels' own Villa Morét imprint, based in San Francisco.
In 1934, Heywood re-fashioned "Africana" into an operetta, but it did not include Chloe or any other external number. It closed after just three performances.
Content.
Chloe tells a story. The verse is sung by an omniscient narrator, describing the struggle of a lonely character, conducting a long and determined search for "Chloe" in the "dismal swampland." The searcher then picks up the chorus, with its hook of "I Got to go where you are," declaring that "If you live, I'll find you."
The score is marked "In a tragic way" and while—owing to its narrative opening—it is not necessarily gender-specific, its range and melodic line suggests that it was designed for low voice. Women have sung it also, including Dinah Shore, Valaida Snow and Eva Taylor, who recorded the first female vocal version for Okeh in 1928, followed closely by Bessie Brown for Brunswick. While its topic hearkens back to the milieu of minstrel-type material, the music is uncharacteristically rich, dark hued,expressive and atypical of the Jazz Age, looking forward to the more muted and reflective sound of depression-era songwriting.
Contemporary Recordings.
The first recording of "Chloe" was made for Columbia in Los Angeles in September 1927 by singer Douglas Richardson, a vocalist with ties to Charles N. Daniels; it was followed by another Columbia by The Singing Sophomores made in November. The first instrumental recording of Chloe was made by the All-Star Orchestra for Victor, with a vocal chorus by Franklyn Baur, in December 1927. This is identified in the Victor ledgers as "the Fud and Farley Orchestra, directed by Nat Shilkret," indicating the probable participation of Fud Livingston and Max Farley. Shilkret recorded another arrangement of it for Victor with his Rhyth-Melodists in March 1928. 
However, the record that appears to have popularized "Chloe" is an elaborate version by the Paul Whiteman Concert Orchestra recorded in 1928 with vocals by Austin Young. This arrived along with a host of other 1928 recordings of the song. These include Bob Haring, as the "Colonial Club Orchestra" and Louis Katzman for Brunswick, and a vocal version for Victor featuring the vocal group The Rounders, recorded in Oakland, California. The Tracy-Brown Orchestra of Chicago recorded it for Columbia in March 1928 with a vocal by Sam Coslow; Coslow also recorded a test of the piece for Victor that year, but it didn't pass. Seger Ellis recorded it in a vocal rendition for Okeh that was the first made by a crooner; Sam Lanin recorded it for Okeh in January under the name of The Gotham Troubadours. Among budget labels, Plaza Records' Hollywood Dance Orchestra, led by Adrian Schubert and with a vocal by Leroy Montesanto, recorded it in January, and Cameo/Pathé waxed it as by the Goodrich Broadcasters—possibly Sam Lanin again—in February.
Evergreen Recordings.
The most famous recording of "Chloe" is a parody version by Spike Jones and his City Slickers, featuring a vocal by Red Ingle and recorded for RCA Victor in 1945. Another humorous version was cut by diseuse Leona Anderson in 1957 for her LP "Music to Suffer By". Among serious recordings, instrumental versions far outdistance the vocal ones. The most respected instrumental version is the 1940 recording by Duke Ellington's Famous Orchestra, featuring solos by Tricky Sam Nanton and Jimmy Blanton; Ellington's arrangement makes a radical overhaul of Daniels' harmony, and places the verse after the chorus. This chart also appears on the famous live recording made of the Ellington Orchestra in Fargo, North Dakota in December 1940. 
Among other notable pre-war instrumental versions of "Chloe" is Benny Goodman's from 1937, Art Tatum's piano solo from 1938 and those by Tommy Dorsey and John Kirby (musician), both from 1940. After the war, it was recorded by jazz artists such as Herbie Harper, Don Byas, Eddie Bert, Frank Rosolino, Jimmy Rowles, Jerry Jerome, Herbie Harper, Nat Adderley, Cal Tjader, Charlie Mariano, Shelly Manne, Arne Domnerus, Paul Horn, Al Cohn, Bob Wilber (at least twice), Bill Doggett, Flip Phillips and Eddie Heywood. George Melachrino arranged it for string orchestra; Bunk Johnson—in his last session in 1948—recorded it in a traditional jazz setting, and Ry Cooder has performed it as a guitar solo. About the only non-jazz oriented recording of Chloe was made by guitarist Mickey Baker in 1962. 
The most well-known vocal version is that by Louis Armstrong, who did not record the piece until 1959; it was also sung on record by Henry "Red" Allen, for ARC in 1936. Ray Conniff included it with a chorus on his 1965 LP Love Affair.
Film.
Although it was seldom recorded in the early part of the 1930s, "Chloe" was heard constantly on radio during this period, as it fit in with the general mood of the times. Its popularity led to a loose horror film adaptation based on the song directed by Marshall Neilan entitled "Chloe, Love Is Calling You" (1934) filmed in the Everglades and starring Olive Borden. Produced by short-lived poverty row studio Pinnacle Productions, it was targeted to African-American audiences, but was unsuccessful.
A 1929 short made in Britain by the early sound company Electrocord also likely was a performance of the song, but it is unclear as to by whom. Probably as a nod to the song, the monster in Norm McCabe's Daffy Duck cartoon "The Impatient Patient" (1942) is named "Chloe" and lives in a swamp.
Other Songs Named "Chloe".
"Chloe" is not to be confused with Al Jolson and Buddy DeSylva's song "Chloe", written for the show "Sinbad" in 1918 and recorded by Jolson in 1920, nor an Elton John song by that title included on his 1981 album "The Fox".

</doc>
<doc id="20612500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612500" title="Suritozole">
Suritozole

Suritozole (MDL 26,479) is an investigational cognition enhancer. It acts as a partial inverse agonist at the benzodiazepine receptor site on the GABAA ion channel complex, but does not have either anxiogenic or convulsant effects, unlike other BZD inverse agonists such as DMCM. It was investigated for the treatment of depression and Alzheimer's disease, but clinical development seems to have been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="20612502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612502" title="Hannah Firmin">
Hannah Firmin

Hannah May Firmin, (born 24 March 1956) is an illustrator and printmaker. She is most famed for illustrating the book covers of Alexander McCall Smith's "The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency" series for which she was awarded "Book Cover of the Year" at the British Book Awards 2004.
Biography.
Hannah is the second daughter of Peter Firmin, co-creator with the late Oliver Postgate, of the children's television programmes "Pingwings", "Pogles' Wood", "Noggin the Nog", "Ivor the Engine", "Clangers" and "Bagpuss".
She grew up in Blean, Kent, before moving to London to attend Chelsea College of Art, and then The Royal College of Art in 1981. Since then she has worked as a freelance illustrator for books, magazines, newspapers and for advertising and design companies. 
In 2004 Hannah was awarded the award for "best book cover" at the British Book Awards for her work on Alexander McCall Smith's "The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency". She has illustrated the covers for the 10 books in the series, to critical acclaim. With McCall Smith, Hannah Firmin has supported the literacy charity Book Aid International, donating an illustrated McCall Smith story for auction. 
Hannah Firmin tends to work in the printing media, numbering among her influences the work of both Indian and African relief printers.
[http://www.looktothestars.org/news/1392-british-stars-sign-favorite-books-for-africa]
Hannah has two children and lives in Buckinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20612535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612535" title="Empire Song">
Empire Song

Empire Song is Killing Joke's first single from their third studio album, Revelations. It was released under E'G Records in March, 1982, and reached number forty-three in the UK Singles Chart that same month. Polydor also released "Empire Song" as a single in Ireland. The B-side "Brilliant" was produced by Nick Launay.
Production and release.
By 1982, members of Killing Joke, especially Coleman, had become immersed in the occult, particularly the works of occultist Aleister Crowley. In February of that year, Coleman, moved to Iceland to survive the Apocalypse, which Coleman predicted was coming soon. As a result, "Empire Song" was performed at Top of the Pops with Ferguson as vocals and drums. Because Coleman was absent, a "Coleman Fake" was placed in front of a keyboard, while the other three members kept playing. Geordie and Youth followed Coleman and moved to Iceland later that year. There, Coleman and Geordie worked with musicians from the band Þeyr in the project Niceland. After a few months, Youth decided there was no indication of the Apocalypse, and decided to move back to England. Youth then began the band Brilliant with Paul Ferguson, but the latter defected and travelled to Iceland to rejoin Killing Joke with new bassist Paul Raven (previously of Neon Hearts and the rock/glam band Kitsch) in tow. After spending some time in Iceland, Killing Joke returned to England and began touring and recording again.

</doc>
<doc id="20612543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612543" title="Dušan Pirjevec">
Dušan Pirjevec

Dušan Pirjevec, known by his nom de guerre Ahac (20 March 1921 – 4 April 1977), was a Slovenian resistance fighter, literary historian and philosopher. He was one of the most influential public intellectuals in post-World War II Slovenia.
Early years and revolutionary activity.
Dušan Pirjevec was born in Solkan, which was then a suburb of the Italian town of Gorizia. His birth house is now located in the Slovenian town of Nova Gorica. His father was the literary historian Avgust Pirjevec from Gorizia; his mother, Iva née Mozetič, came from a wealthy merchant family from Solkan. His sister, Ivica Pirjevec, later became a famous anti-Nazi resistance hero and was captured and killed by the Nazis in 1944 (a street in the Ljubljana neighbourhood of Tacen in the district of Šmarna gora bears her name). Soon after Dušan's birth, the family moved to Ljubljana, in what was then the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, where his father worked as the chief librarian of the National Research Library. Dušan attended the Ljubljana Technical High School, and in 1939 he enrolled to the University of Zagreb, where he studied agronomy. In 1940, he joined the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. 
Already in his teenage years, Pirjevec developed an interest in literature, especially in the French poètes maudits. In the years before World War II, he published several articles under different pseudonyms in the distinguished liberal-progressive literary journal "Ljubljanski zvon". Together with the young poet Karel Destovnik Kajuh, he was the co-editor of the radical magazine "Svobodna mladina" ("The Free Youth"). 
In the early 1940s, he took part of the "Conflict on the Literary Left", a polemics involving the critical Croatian left-wing writer Miroslav Krleža against the Communist Party's ideological hardliners around Boris Ziherl and Edvard Kardelj. In the polemics, was largely evolving around the relation between personal artistic freedom and collective revolutionary engagement, Pirjevec defended Krleža's insistence on artistic freedom, trying to show that it is not in conflict with a Marxist Leninist position.
Resistance fighter.
Soon after the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, Pirjevec joined the partisan resistance in the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People, adopting the battle name Ahac, by which he remained known for the rest of his life. In late 1941, he was involved in the fight against the Italian Fascist occupation regime in the so-called Province of Ljubljana. He chose the fighting name "Ahac" (Agathius). The choice was highly symbolic: since the late 16th, Saint Agathius was venerated in the Slovene Lands as the patron saint against Turkish invasions, and in the 17th century he was also venerated as the saint protector of Carniola.
His talent in organization was spotted by the Communist leader Aleš Bebler who secured Pirjevec's promotion to the rank of political commissar in the military units active in Lower Carniola. During this time, he became notorious for his bellicosity and brutal treatment of opponents. In a highly controversial memoir published posthumously in 1990, fellow fighter and famous essayist Jože Javoršek even accused Pirjevec of burning war prisoners alive. He was also involved in an internal enquiry over the massacre of a group of Romani people in the region of White Carniola in 1942, but was acquitted. In 1943, he was sent to organize the resistance fight to the Slovenian Littoral and to Friulian Slovenia in Italy, and in 1944 to southern Carinthia. 
After the end of the War, Pirjevec was placed in the propaganda units of the newly established Communist regime in Slovenia. Between 1945 and 1947, he worked as the editor of the daily journal "Ljudska pravica" ("People's Justice"), the main Communist newspaper in Slovenia. There, he met the literary critic Bojan Štih, who introduced him to contemporary trends in literature. In 1947, Pirjevec became the chairman of the Agitprop section at the University of Ljubljana. During this period, he became a close personal friend Vitomil Zupan, with whom he engaged in several provocations of what they saw as the "reactionary and petit bourgeoise" cultural scene in Ljubljana. In summer 1948, he was arrested and trialed in a show trial for numerous severe crimes, such as subversive activity, immoral acts and rape. Unlike his close personal friend who was arrested and accused of the same crimes in the same trial, Pirjevec was sentenced to a relatively mild sentence of two years in prison. He was released already after half a year, and put on probation. He was excluded from the Communist Party and stripped of all his war honours.
The scholar.
Between 1948 and 1952, Pirjevec studied French language and comparative literature at the University of Ljubljana under the supervision of the famous literary historian Anton Ocvirk. Between 1952 and 1961, he was employed as a clerk at the Institute for Literature of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts, later rising to the position of personal assistant to the Institute's president Josip Vidmar. 
In 1958, Pirjevec became an assistant at the Department for Comparative Literature of the University of Ljubljana. In 1959, he was actively involved the so-called "Slodnjak affair", when the conservative-minded literary historian Anton Slodnjak was dismissed from his post of professor of Slovene literature for having published an anthology of Slovene literature in Germany, which included several authors which were not well viewed by the Communist regime. The same year, Pirjevec was admitted again to the Communist Party.
Between 1961 and 1962, Pirjevec started a long polemic with the Serbian writer Dobrica Ćosić regarding the cultural policies in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. In contrast to Ćosić, who argued for a more unified and centralized cultural policy in Yugoslavia, Pirjevec defended the cultural autonomy of the single republics in the Yugoslav federation. The polemic gave Pirjevec a high degree of public visibility.
In 1961, Pirjevec achieved his PhD in comparative literature and in 1963 he became a professor at the Faculty of Arts of the University of Ljubljana. In the late 1960s, he rose to prominence among students as a charismatic professor. The Department of Comparative Literature, where he taught, became one of the most vibrant centers of Slovene intellectual scene of the 1960s and 1970s. Among Pirjevec's pupils were Dimitrij Rupel, Niko Grafenauer, Rudi Šeligo, Andrej Inkret and many other intellectuals who later formed the core of the intellectual movement focused around the alternative journal "Nova revija". In this period, Pirjevec also developed a close friendship with literary historian Taras Kermauner and philosopher Ivo Urbančič, who represented critical positions towards the existing Communist system. In 1964, Pirjevec criticized the regime's decision to prohibit the publication of the alternative journal "Perspektive", and was again expulsed from the Party for this reason. 
In the 1960s, Pirjevec published several monographs on modern Slovene literature, focusing especially on the fin-de-siecle period. Most famous were his studies on the writer and essayist Ivan Cankar. He also published numerous studies of classical works of the western canon, in which the most famous is his treatise on the problem of evil in the works of Dostoyevski. He based his scholarly research on the esthetic theories of Hegel, Georg Lukács and Mikhail Bakhtin, but also on Sartre's existential philosophy and Roman Ingarden phenomenology of the literary science. He was also receptive to currents coming from the new historicism. 
During this period, Pirjevec maintained close contacts with the Praxis School, which was trying to formulate an alternative and humanist vision of Marxism. He was also member of the Committee of the famous Korčula Summer School organized by the "Praxis" group. Between 1969 and 1971, he served as editor of the Slovenian journal "Sodobnost".
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Pirjevec was sympathetic to the student movement that developed at the University of Ljubljana. In 1971, he joined the protests against the arrest of two students of the University, Frane Adam and Milan Jesih, which escalated in the occupation of the Faculty of Arts by the students. 
From the 1970s, Pirjevec gradually left his previous Marxist positions. Under the influence of the philosopher Ivan Urbančič, he grew increasingly closer to the philosophy of Martin Heidegger, whom he personally met in 1974.
He died in Ljubljana on August 4, 1977 and was buried in the cemetery of Šmartno pod Šmarno goro.
Personal life.
Pirjevec was married twice. His first wife was his partisan co-fighter, the university professor of French language Marjeta Vasič, the second was the actress and later writer Nedeljka Kacin. His daughter Alenka Pirjevec is a famous theatre actress and puppeteer. His second daughter with Slovenian journalist Olga Ratej is a Slovenian dramaturg Ira Ratej.
Influence and legacy.
Together with Edvard Kocbek, Pirjevec is considered one of the most influential intellectuals in Slovenia in the period between 1945 and 1980. He influenced not only literary critic and history, but also philosophers such as Tine Hribar, Ivan Urbančič, Dean Komel and Croatian philosopher Mario Kopić. He was crucial in the intellectual development of several public figures, among whom the most famous was writer and sociologist Dimitrij Rupel, who later became the first Slovenian foreign minister. Pirjevec was portrayed in several novels and memoirs, including Gert Hofmann's "Die Fistelstimme" (1982) Milan Dekleva's "Oko v zraku" ("The Eye in the Air"), Iztok Osojnik's "Braşow" in Rudi Šeligo's "Izgubljeni sveženj" ("The Lost Bundle"), and Taras Kermauner's "Navzkrižna srečavanja" ("Crossed Encounters").
Pirjevec's view on the national question, articulated in polemics with the ideologue of Yugoslav Socialism Edvard Kardelj, was particularly influential among the dissident Slovene intellectuals of the late 1970s and 1980s. Pirjevec was the single most quoted author in the "Contributions to the Slovenian National Program", a public manifesto written by 16 non-Communist intellectuals in 1987, which is frequently seen as the beginning of the Slovene movement for independence that culminated in the declaration of independence of Slovenia in 1991.
In 1997, a bust of Pirjevec was erected in the hall of the Faculty of Arts of the University of Ljubljana. In 1998, a memorial plaque was placed in his native house in Nova Gorica.

</doc>
<doc id="20612546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612546" title="Purple Rain (drink)">
Purple Rain (drink)

The Purple Rain refers to at least two popular mixed drinks. The more common is a variation on the highball Long Island Iced Tea, substituting Chambord for Triple Sec and a Lemon-Lime soda for the cola. The other is a long cocktail made from vodka, lemonade, blue curacao and grenadine. The name of this version originates from the appearance of the drink as the grenadine is added as the final ingredient, since the sinking of the red grenadine through the blue of the other ingredients creates the impression of purple rain. This drink has many various versions depending on the location where the drink is made.

</doc>
<doc id="20612551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612551" title="Swisscontact">
Swisscontact

Swisscontact – Swiss Foundation for Technical Cooperation is a Swiss non-profit-organisation, which carries out projects aiming at reducing poverty in developing and transition countries. It has been founded in 1959 as a politically and denominationally neutral organisation and has 25 employees in Switzerland and approximately 400 staff abroad. The main fields of activity are fostering vocational education, small and medium enterprises, microfinance and environmental protection.
History.
Swisscontact is a Swiss non-governmental organization (NGO) that works for sustainable economic development in developing, newly industrialized and transition countries. The aim of all its activities is to reduce poverty by promoting private enterprise.
Swisscontact was founded in 1959 under the name of Swiss Foundation for Technical Cooperation by leading figures from the Swiss business world, universities and politics. The organization was renamed in 1972, but retained its old title as a supplement. 
More than 400 staff abroad and some 25 Swiss-based employees work for Swisscontact. In addition to these, retired experts who are members of the Senior Expert Corps undertake voluntary consulting assignments. Assistance is provided in the form of projects that are implemented in conjunction with local partners (companies, NGOs, public institutions). The aim is to ensure that people acquire skills and work to obtain the means they need to escape poverty through their own efforts.
Swisscontact has received the ZEWO seal of quality from the Swiss agency responsible for monitoring charitable organizations that raise donations in Switzerland. The foundation has also been certified by the international inspection and certification company SGS as part of its NGO benchmarking programme. Two important partners of Swisscontact are the governmental organisations Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation (SDC) and the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (SECO).
Projects.
In the 1960s, Swisscontact set up vocational training colleges in Africa, Asia and Latin America and provided further training for the instructors at these colleges. This was followed in the 1980s by the launch of schemes aimed at promoting small and medium enterprises (SMEs), after graduates from the vocational training colleges had said that there was an urgent need for expert advice when setting up businesses. It was also evident that SMEs were experiencing considerable difficulty in obtaining commercial and investment credits. As a result, the organization introduced programmes favouring the creation of micro-finance institutions. After training car mechanics, Swisscontact also went on to develop integral solutions for preventing air pollution.
Swisscontact is specialized in project implementation and accepts assignments from public and private partners and carries out projects that have been put out to public tender. The organization also runs a programme of its own activities that are financed from donations and contributions from the state. All of these activities can be divided into four areas of operation:
Vocational Education and Training.
Since 1959 Swisscontact has been committed to providing vocational training and further education, the assumption being that good training opportunities are key to the economic and social development of a country.
Swisscontact started off by setting up technical vocational training colleges (for mechanics, electricians, electronic technicians, etc.) based on the Swiss model in countries where infrastructure was lacking. Over the past 25 years the main focus in the promotion of vocational training has shifted to instructing vocational training college instructors and setting up national vocational training systems on the one hand and to holding shorter on the other, in particular for unemployed youngsters and disadvantaged sectors of the population courses (in development cooperation usually called «skills training»). In simple basic courses, they can acquire knowledge that will give them the chance to find a job or become self-employed. Emphasis is always placed on getting as many women as possible involved in the schemes. At present, around a third of those who have benefited are women.
Swisscontact supports practical vocational training by:
Swisscontact assists vocational training in Mali, Benin, Burkina Faso, Uganda, Indonesia, El Salvador, Albania and Kosovo.
Promotion of small and medium enterprises.
Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are the largest employers in developing countries as well. Swisscontact is fostering private companies and public institutions that advise SMEs, provide them with further services (e.g. further training) and improve their legal and economic framework conditions.
Swisscontact assists small and medium enterprises by:
(e.g. business consultancy, product development, sales training, finance knowledge and specialist technical knowledge) 
Swisscontact supports SMEs in South Africa, Uganda, Tanzania, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Bolivia, Peru, Honduras and Nicaragua.
Financial services.
In development cooperation, all financial services provided for people on low incomes in developing countries are bracketed together under the collective term microfinance. Their aim is to give small and medium enterprises access to banking services that allow them to maintain or expand their companies. Swisscontact does not grant microcredits, but instead assists local microcredit banks and savings and credit associations with advice and further training.
Assisted by Swiss banking specialists, Swisscontact facilitates SMEs’ access to savings and loan opportunities by: 
Swisscontact runs microfinance projects in Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, South Africa, Indonesia, Ecuador, Peru and Ukraine.
Environmental protection.
Swisscontact is working for an economically, socially and ecologically sustainable development and is considering the responsible use of natural resources a prerequisite to achieve this. Emerging countries such as Vietnam are starting to feel the effects with a sharp increase in pollution. Environmentally friendly measures – in the area of transport, for example – can cut costs and thereby boost company earnings. Swisscontact believes that services related to climate protection and associated technologies represent a growth market and will in future be able to provide people with jobs and incomes in developing countries as well. An example of this is recycling of reusable materials.
Swisscontact lends its support by:
Swisscontact promotes environmental protection in Indonesia, Vietnam, Bolivia, Peru and Ecuador.
Senior Expert Corps.
Since 1979 Swisscontact has a pool of retired professionals called the Senior Expert Corps. Its members are supporting SMEs in developing and transition countries in solving technical and operational problems on a volutary basis. If necessary they provide further training to the personnel and management of the company. One assignment lasts a maximum of three months. 
The pool contains experts in: marketing and management consulting, electrical, civil and mechanical engineering, hotel and tourism services, food engineering, education, artisanry, medical and health care services, agonomy and forestry engineering, construction, chemistry and pharmaceuticals, journalism, other specialized fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20612560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612560" title="Elkhorn Stakes">
Elkhorn Stakes

The Elkhorn Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Keeneland Race Course in Lexington, Kentucky. The race is open to horses age four and older. Run in late April, it is contested on turf over a distance of 1½ miles (12 furlongs) and currently offers a purse of $200,000. Named for Elkhorn Creek, a stream running through several counties in Central Kentucky, beginning in 2008 the race is being sponsored by Fifth Third Bank.
Inaugurated in 1986, the race was contested at 1⅛ miles through 1995 before being changed to its present distance of 1½ miles in 1996. A Grade III event from 1988-1989 and from 1996-2007, it was a Grade II event from 1990-1995 and in 2008 was returned to its Grade II status.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20612561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612561" title="Hans Baumann Trophy">
Hans Baumann Trophy

The Hans Baumann Trophy, which was endowed by the Spanish members of the IHF, commemorates the late President of the IHF (1950 to 1971), Hans Baumann. It is awarded to IHF member federations.
Award.
The Hans Baumann Trophy is awarded to a member federation every two years at the Ordinary Congress of the IHF. It is awarded for particular services
to the development and spread of handball in the member federation’s own country and/or throughout the world.
The recipient is selected and the trophy awarded by the IHF Council at the recommendation of the Executive Committee. Member federations may submit a detailed recommendation to the Head Office, specifying the reasons, no later than six months before the Congress.
The member federation receiving the award is given a diploma drawn up by the donors and a small replica of the trophy.
Previous winners.
In 1986, Spain has been selected as the recipient of the Hans Baumann Trophy. The Spanish Handball Federation has made a particular contribution by organizing the symposium and special tournament for studying and testing
new ideas for the format of the game.
In 2002, Russia has been selected as the recipient of the Hans Baumann Trophy. The Handball Union of Russia was awarded the trophy for the great contribution to the world development of this sport.
Further reading.
IHF Statuts Chapter XXI - Regulations of Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20612575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612575" title="Legal Momentum">
Legal Momentum

Legal Momentum, formerly known as NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund, is the oldest legal advocacy group for women in the United States. Founded in 1970, Legal Momentum is a liberal multi-issue organization dedicated to advancing women’s rights across the country. It is headquartered in New York City with an office in Washington, DC that focuses primarily on policy initiatives and immigration issues.
In its advocacy role, Legal Momentum maintains a public-access database of current and recent cases in litigation of interest to legal practitioners and people involved in or affected by gender discrimination.
Name confusion and notability.
When Legal Momentum changed its name in 2004 it appeared to lose its identity in the eyes of both the non-profit world and the general public, and so hired a marketing firm to address the loss.

</doc>
<doc id="20612579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612579" title="Murder of Jan Pawel and Quiana Jenkins Pietrzak">
Murder of Jan Pawel and Quiana Jenkins Pietrzak

The Murder of Jan Paweł Pietrzak and Quiana Jenkins Pietrzak relates to the events surrounding the 2008 deaths of United States Marine Corps Sergeant Jan Paweł Pietrzak (March 13, 1984 – October 15, 2008) and his wife Quiana Jenkins-Pietrzak (February 16, 1982 - October 15, 2008).
Overview.
Pietrzak was a Polish American who joined the U.S. Marine Corps in 2003. After a tour in Iraq as a helicopter mechanic, Pietrzak returned to the United States, where he met and married Jenkins, an African-American. Together, they owned and lived in a house in Winchester, a census-designated place in Riverside County, California, located near the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, where Pietrzak worked. 
On October 15, 2008, four black Marines entered the Pietrzak home, sexually assaulted Jenkins-Pietrzak and tortured the couple before killing them. Two of the four accused Marines worked under Pietrzak's command. Despite efforts to convey the event as being racially motivated, Riverside County authorities maintain the motivation was robbery, and the pending murder with special circumstances and sexual assault charges do not include an assertion that the crime was racially motivated. All four of the accused plead not guilty to murdering Pietrzak and his wife. 
After meeting with the families of the deceased, District Attorney Rod Pacheco decided to seek the death penalty on January 22, 2009. The preliminary trial hearings to determine whether the four assailants would stand trial occurred on March 26, 2009, and April 3, 2009 in San Diego.
On 24 June 2013 a jury recommended the death penalty for two of the four assailants and life in prison without parole for a third.
Background.
Jan Paweł Pietrzak, named after Pope John Paul II, was born in either Kłodzko or Świdnica, Poland. In 1994, when Pietrzak was age ten, his family emigrated to the U.S., and settled in the Bensonhurst neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York. 
Pietrzak joined the Marines in 2003, became a helicopter mechanic and was sent to Iraq. After his return, he married Jenkins, whom he had met in 2005 at a party for Marines being deployed to Iraq. Jenkins, who worked for the local Black Infant Care Center, was initially reluctant to date a Marine. But Pietrzak won her over, and they were married on August 8, 2008. They bought a house in May in Winchester, an exurb of San Diego, near Camp Pendleton, and Pietrzak remained in the Marines, working as a helicopter airframe mechanic at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar.
Death.
On October 15, 2008, a group of four Marines entered the Pietrzak home. It was not initially known how they managed to get in as Jenkins-Pietrzak was very careful about security and had equipped the house with an alarm. Later, it was alleged that Tyrone Miller forced entry into the residence by pointing a shotgun at Pietrzak.
After a short skirmish, the couple were bound with duct tape and gagged. Jenkins-Pietrzak was then sexually assaulted as her husband was forced to watch. Finally, both were shot in the head, execution-style. Several small fires were set in the home in an apparent attempt to destroy evidence of the crime. Lance Cpl. Emrys John, age 18, of Maryland, Lance Cpl. Kesuan Sykes, age 21, of California, Pvt. Kevin Darnell Cox, 20, of Tennessee, and Lance Cpl. Tyrone Miller, age 20, of North Carolina were charged with the murders. Two of the four Marines charged in the execution-style murders worked for Pietrzak. Three of the suspects claim that the shooter was 18-year-old John. Miller and Cox have reportedly confessed to the murders, although all four suspects have accused the others of raping Jenkins-Pietrzak. Shortly before the murder, John posted "Chillin waitin 4 da killin" on his MySpace page.
Motives.
Three days after the murder, the "Los Angeles Times" ran an October 18, 2008, news brief noting that the bodies were identified on October 17. On Monday, November 3, the Sheriff's Department announced that it had four Marines under arrest for the murders. As part of the November 3 announcement, the Sheriff's Department noted that investigators had found numerous items of evidence since October 15 linking the four to the killings, even though the killers set a fire in the house to destroy evidence. On November 6, CNN television news journalist Jane Velez-Mitchell reported that the four Marines under arrest were African American and raised the possibility of race as a motivation.
In early November, the four Marines were charged with two counts of murder with special circumstances — murder during commission of a felony, murder during commission of a robbery and committing more than one offense. They additionally face one charge each of sexual penetration with a foreign object, and the District Attorney's office will decide if to pursue death sentences. Just after the release of the charges, the "New York Post" ran a story entitled "A Few 'Bad' Men - Race Eyed in Marine Dual Slay" which noted that the four accused Marines "could face the death penalty amid speculation the mixed-race couple was targeted in a bias attack." At about the same time, District Attorney Rod Pacheco emphasized the robbery motive, commenting, "To burglarize their home and then to treat them in the way they did before they died and to murder them — it's hard for our minds to comprehend this kind of savagery." 
By mid-November, the Riverside County Sheriff's Central Homicide unit responded to the race motivation issue, stating "There's nothing to suggest what happened was a racial crime." Detectives said jewelry, a camera, and wedding gifts had been stolen, and that some of the items were found in the suspects' barracks. 
Despite the conclusion proposed by the investigators, the couple's parents and many in the general populace, as shown by blogs and posts over the Internet, continue to believe that there was a possible racial motive, particularly since Jenkins-Pietrzak was sexually assaulted, and there was evidence of premeditation in the murders (as 'Chillin waitin 4 da killin' was posted on a perpetrator's MySpace page before the murders) Anti-miscegenation racial epithets in the form of "Nigger Lover" were found on the wall near the master bedroom and on a bathroom mirror. The Defendants have all indicated that spray-painting the racial epithets was a calculated attempt to misdirect investigators.
On November 20, all four pleaded not guilty to murdering the Pietrzaks. District Attorney Rod Pacheco on February 2, 2009, decided to pursue the death penalty against the suspects.
Correspondence and other involvement with White House.
On November 11, 2008 (Veteran's Day), Pietrzak's mother, Henryka Pietrzak-Varga, wrote a letter to president-elect Barack Obama about what happened to her son and daughter-in-law, wondering, "If it was a robbery, why didn't they come when nobody was home instead of in the dead of night, armed to the teeth? ... What was it about my son and daughter-in-law that inspired such hatred and loathing?" Pietrzak-Varga has said she believes the crime was racially motivated, as her son was not well-off. Seven months later on July 27, 2009, the Obama administration responded with generic form letter made for all soldiers killed in combat. Once it made it to the news, the Obama administration issued an apology. The mothers of Pietrzak and Jenkins requested an audience with President Obama. In a letter to the president, the mother of slain Sgt. Jan Paweł Pietrzak said they want to "talk how the sacrifice of Jan Paweł and Quiana could unite us." On August 17, 2009, the Commissioner on Civil Rights in Poland wrote to the U.S. Ambassador to Poland supporting this request. The U.S. ambassador responded with a short letter on August 24.
Criminal trials.
On April 3, at a preliminary hearing for the four defendants, prosecutors alleged that the motivation for the crime was financial, not racial. Evidence, however, presented at the hearing detailed that two racist remarks were spray painted in the couple's home. Evidence was also presented showing that Jenkins-Pietrzak was sexually assaulted and that Jan was severely beaten. Riverside County investigator Benjamin Ramirez testified that property belonging to the couple was recovered from Miller's residence on Camp Pendleton, including bank cards, a bracelet with the couple's names written in Polish, and Pietrzak's dress blue uniform. Investigators further testified that footprints left at the crime scene were linked to shoes belonging to the suspects.
On May 8, 2009, a recording was played in court of Cox's girlfriend, Melissa Buck, stating that after Cox and the other three accused returned home after the alleged murder, they drank beer and that one of them said, "Good job, E. You earned your stripes tonight." Buck stated that the four had carried out other burglaries prior to the killings and that she had gone with them on one occasion.
In June, Miller acquaintance Justin P. Weissinger testified that several days after the crime Miller had confided in him details of the assault and killing of the Pietrzaks. Weissinger had accompanied Miller and the other suspects on previous burglaries and home invasions.
On August 12, 2009, Riverside County Superior Court Judge Judith Clark ordered the four defendants to be tried for the deaths of the Pietrzaks. The re-arraignment was scheduled for August 26.
The trial of the four was suspended on February 1, 2011 after Kesaun Sykes urinated during a court hearing. The judge ordered a psychological evaluation for Sykes. Sykes' mental competency trial began on May 24, 2011. The jury returned a verdict of mentally fit after two hours of deliberations. In response, the judge ordered criminal proceedings to resume against Sykes and his co-defendants.
Three of the defendants, Kevin Darnell Cox, 25, Emrys Justin John, 23, and Tyrone Miller, 25, went on trial for murder and related charges on Monday, April 8, 2013, at 9 a.m. at the Riverside Hall of Justice. Two separate juries, one for Cox and another for John and Miller, were empaneled to hear the case. The fourth defendant, 25-year-old Kesaun Kedron Sykes, was tried separately because there was not enough space in the Hall of Justice for three juries. 
On June 5, 2013 Cox and John were convicted of two counts of first-degree murder. Miller was convicted of sexual penetration with a foreign object and two counts of first-degree murder.
On June 20, 2013, a jury recommended that Judge Thierbach sentence Tyrone Miller and Emrys John to death, and a separate jury recommended that Cox be sentenced to life without possibility of parole. The fourth defendant, Kesaun Sykes, will go on trial in August 2013.
On July 19, 2013, in Riverside Superior Court, Miller was sentenced to execution. On August 16, 2013 Cox and John were sentenced. Cox was sentenced to two life terms without parole Cox showed no remorse stating, "I apologize for what happened to the victims' family. I didn't say I'm sorry I did anything because I still don't feel that I did anything to be here for it." He also said he would appeal. John, the gunman, was given the death penalty. Judge Christian Theirbach called the murders savage, and the most inhuman he had seen in his 27 years on the bench.

</doc>
<doc id="20612605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612605" title="Affiliated States Championship">
Affiliated States Championship

The Affiliated States Championship is an annual rugby league competition run by the Australian Rugby League involving the four affiliated states (Victoria, South Australia, Northern Territory and Western Australia) plus the Australian Police and Australian Defence Force.
Following the Championship, a Combined Affiliated States (CAS) representative side is selected from the teams to tour the Pacific islands.
History.
The initial Championship had Australian Capital Territory and Newcastle in it because they were the two strongest competitions outside of the Queensland Rugby League and New South Wales Rugby League. 
The Championship resumed in 2003 with just the four Affiliated states. The PRLA Australian team joined the competition in 2005.
Results.
2013 Day 1: NT 21 def VIC 0, WA 62 def SA 4 Day 2: NT 38 def SA 0, VIC 23 def WA 12 Day 3: VIC 36 def SA 0, WA 28 def NT 4

</doc>
<doc id="20612612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612612" title="Malayamān">
Malayamān

The Malayamān family dynasty of the Velir royal house were chiefs ("Araiyars") who ruled Miladu Naadu (Tirukkoyilur) of Tamilakkam during the Sangam period and worked closely with the early Cholas of the Chola Dynasty and the Chera Dynasty. Chiefs of this dynasty readily took the title Chēdirāyan, and delighted in their rule of hill countries. This clan's most famous king was Malaiyamān Thirumudi Kāri. Their royal emblem featured a horse, depicted on their issued coins. Many castes today claim descent from Malayaman Dennis B. McGilvray in his book "Crucible of conflict" states "Malayaman is just a section/title of the udaiyar caste in south arcot today. Malaiyamān dyansty traced their lineage to the ancient Chedi Kingdom mentioned in the Kurukshetra war velirs call themselves as yadavas and lord Krishna linage they lives in Tamil land mullai later clearing forest tracts and ruled
Malayaman in Sangam literature.
Sangam literature mentions Thirumudi Kaari, a Malayaman king who defeated Valvil Ori, assisted the Chera Dynasty in routing Athiyamān Nedumān Añci and was eventually killed by the Chola king Killivalavan. It also mentions his son Thaervann Malaiyan, a Malayaman chief who fought alongside the early Chola king Perunarkilli to defeat the Chera Irumporai (Irumporai Cheras). He was a contemporary of the famous horseman and chief Korran of Kudiramalai, a general of the Cheras. Cholas and Cheras both controlled the destiny of a great kingdom during that time.
Malayaman belonged to Malayaman-nadu, according to Sangam literature. They had their capital at Tirucoilur, on the Ponnaiyar River. Tirucoilur was situated on the early north-south trade route and traded with the Satavahana dynasty. Their main port was Arikamedu, in the east.
Region.
Having taken the throne at age fifteen, Kaari was tested many times by the Chola emperor and the neighbouring "kurunila mannargal" (minor kings). His country was fertile and prosperous, because of two rivers: Ponnai Aarru in the north and Vellaarru in the far south. The land attracted both the Cholas and the Cheras. His domain included the North Kolli Malai range, the Chera Varaiyan Malai (the Shervaroy Hills) and Thiuvannaamalai, the ancient homeland of the Siththar, devotees of the god Shiva and practitioners of meditation and the healing arts.
"Kadai ezhu vallal".
Malayamaan Thirumudi Kaari is considered one of the seven greatest "bestowers" ("Kadai Ezhu Vallalgal") of the last Sangam,which including Pari vallal, Valvil Oari, Athiyamān Nedumān Añci, Perumpeyar Pegun (or Perunceyal Paegan), Aai Eyinan (Aay Kandiran) and Nalli. His contemporaries saw him as modest. He was generous to his subjects, and the visitor who came on foot would usually return mounted on a horse or an elephant of his choice. He did not refer to himself as a king, but a "rightful servant of his beloved people". His people lived in prosperity. Ev ery citizen had a job, and none of them starved. The descendants of Malayamaan Thirumudi Kaari are collectively known as the Parkavakulam caste.
Dennis B. McGilvray in his book "Crucible of conflict" states "Malayaman is a section of the udaiyar caste in south arcot today, but Burton Stein also finds the title in a thirteenth-century inscription identifying Vanniyar subcastes of south arcot in the left-right caste classification typical of the chola empire"
Malayamans were related to Kadavarayars through marriages
"The Modest".
During peacetime, the king of Mulloor and Thirukkoiloor would begin his day in the paddy (nel), saamai and thinai fields working with his plough and sickle. He was strong, and reputed to be so kind-hearted that he would rather plough his fields by hand than to trouble bulls to work for him. In one story about Kaari, the Tamil poet and saint Auvaiyar happened to pass by his field during a long journey. Kaari quickly recognized the tired "Mother" and, without introducing himself, requested that she look after his field for a few minutes and help herself to his rations, so that he could go to a nearby pond to fetch some water. The king was away for a long time, and the saint ate well and fell asleep. When sun rose the next day, Kaari returned to the field to find Old Mother angry. Kaari revealed his identity and explained that since she was a great friend of Athiyamān of Thagadooru (who was his arch-rival), he feared she would not consent if he asked her to rest in his land. Therefore, he wanted to make her stay awhile and bestow his land with her saintly presence. Auvaiyar, flattered, blessed his country with perennial prosperity.
Tirukkoyilur.
Tirukkoyilur has many temples built before the 12th century. Many saintly poets visited these temples and wrote poems in praise of the gods. Thirukoyilur Sri Veerateshwarar Temple is a well-known ashtaveeratanam temple in Tamil Nadu.
Copper-plate grant.
Vanavan Mahadevi, a princess from the Malayaman clan, was the mother of the emperor Raja Raja Chola I. She committed sati at the king’s death and her image may have been installed at the Thanjavur temple by her daughter, Kundavai Pirāttiyār.
Malayaman coins.
The Malayamans issued copper coins of quadrilateral shape which bore their royal emblem, a horse (sometimes facing left, and sometimes right). In some of the early coins, the legend "Malayaman" above the horse motif decorates the coin obverse. Most of their coins carried the symbolic map of their territory on the reverse: "A wide curved river with fishes flowing in it, and a hillock on side of the river". This depicted the territory over which they ruled. The Malayaman coins generally weighed from 2–4 g and were thin, unlike the contemporary Chera coins.

</doc>
<doc id="20612635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612635" title="Welcome to the New Administration">
Welcome to the New Administration

Welcome to the New Administration is a viral campaign launched by Pete Wentz on August 18, 2008 to promote what is now known to be Fall Out Boy's fifth studio album "Folie à Deux". A mixtape was later made available, containing snippets and demos from Fall Out Boy as well as various Decaydance artists.
Origins.
The campaign started when the website for Decaydance Records was supposedly "hacked" by an organization called "Citizens For Our Betterment". A posted link led to the organization's website which was decorated in the colors of the American flag. Links on the page were met with dead ends, requiring specific IP addresses to access their destinations. A post counter was displayed on the page with the number 59,994. Wentz left clues on his personal blog that the 60,000th would reveal something big. The Decaydance site returned to normal the following day. On August 19, his then-wife, Ashlee Simpson, was seen carrying a pamphlet for the organization, raising suspicion and sparking many rumors online. New posts appeared on the Citizens For Our Betterment web page everyday, many referring to November 4, the same day as the 2008 U.S. presidential election. Also, Wentz posted more clues on his blog. More and more links were opened to the public, as well. 
On August 24, one such link led to a page saying "FOB - The Return - November Four" in large Stencil font, causing many to believe that Fall Out Boy would release their new album on November 4. Others theorized that this was another one of Wentz's attempts to raise political awareness, as he did by previously holding a rally for then U.S. Democratic Party presidential candidate Barack Obama. Also, many Fueled By Ramen bands posted MySpace bulletins that same day with the title "Welcome To The New Administration". Every bulletin contained one word - ten. Finally, on August 25, 2008, the Citizens For Our Betterment website was redirected to the band's Friends or Enemies page, which now displayed an image of a voting booth featuring ballots with the names of several Decaydance artists. By clicking on each individual ballot, there is an audio clip from the respective artist reciting passages from past posts on the Citizens For Our Betterment website. A mixtape was also made available for download called "Welcome To The New Administration" that included songs from several Decaydance bands and an interlude by Ludacris announcing that "Folie à Deux" would be released on November 4. The album's release date however, was delayed until December 16, 2008 in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="20612661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612661" title="Tamsin (novel)">
Tamsin (novel)

Tamsin is a 1999 fantasy novel by Peter S. Beagle. It won a Mythopoeic Award in 2000 for adult literature.
Plot summary.
Jennifer Gluckstein moves with her mother to a 300-year-old farm in Dorset, England, to live with her new stepfather and stepbrothers, Julian and Tony. Initially lonely, Jenny befriends Tamsin Willoughby, the ghost of the original farm's owner's daughter. She is drawn into reliving the tragedy of Monmouth Rebellion and confronting the vengeful ghost of the notorious Judge Jeffreys.

</doc>
<doc id="20612720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612720" title="Bucko Lake Mine">
Bucko Lake Mine

Bucko Lake Mine is a nickel mine near Wabowden, Manitoba, Canada and is owned by CaNickel Mining LTD previously Crowflight Minerals who purchased the property from Xtrata. Production began on 10 June 2009. At present the companies reserves and resources stand at:
Estimated Mineral Reserves and Resources at Bucko Lake Mine
as of December 31, 2008.
Proven Reservers¹/ 1.25%/ 359,000/ 1.63/ 12.9
Proven Reservers¹/ 1.25%/ 3,349,100/ 1.44/ 105.3
Total Reservers/ 1.25%/ 3,708,000/ 1.45/ 118.2
Measured Resources/ 1.0%/ 495,000/ 1.48/ 16.2/
Indicated Resources/ 1.05%/ 2,264,000/ 1.53/ 76.9/
Total Measured and Indicated Resources/ 1.0%/ 2,759,000/ 1.53/ 93.1
Inferred Resources/ 1.0%/ 5,468,000/ 1.34/ 161.6
Total Inferred Resources/ 1.0%/ 5,468,000/ 1.34/ 161.6

</doc>
<doc id="20612725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612725" title="Fun Radio">
Fun Radio

Fun Radio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20612741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612741" title="Karl Daxbacher">
Karl Daxbacher

Karl Daxbacher (born 15 April 1953) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently managing LASK Linz. 
Private.
Daxbacher was born in St. Pölten, Austria, in 1953. He has four daughters.
Playing career.
Daxbacher started his career at the ASV Statzendorf (close to St. Pölten) at the age of 15. After having played for Kremser SC for one season, he switched to FK Austria Wien in 1971. During the next 14 years he played about 400 national, and 40 international games for this team, as well as 6 games for the Austria national football team. In 1985, he switched to Kremser SC again (in the second highest division), where he ended his active career in 1986.
Coaching career.
Daxbacher has been working as a coach for SV Horn, SKN St. Pölten, FK Austria Wien II, LASK Linz, and Austria Wien.
Austria Wien hired Daxbacher for the 2008–09 season and sacked him on 22 December 2011. Austria Wien had one league win in their last nine league matches at the time of the sacking.
On 12 June 2012, he returned to LASK Linz.

</doc>
<doc id="20612744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612744" title="Trade in Morocco">
Trade in Morocco

Moroccan trade is still dominated by its main import and export partner France, although France's share in Moroccan trade is declining, in favour of the US, the Gulf Region and China. If seen as a single entity, the EU is by far Morocco's largest trading partner.
In recent years, Morocco has reduced its dependence on phosphate exports, emerging as an exporter of manufactured and agricultural products, and as a growing tourism destination. However, its competitiveness in basic manufactured goods, such as textiles, is hampered by low labour productivity and high wages. Morocco is dependent on imported fuel and its food import requirement can rise substantially in drought years, as in 2007. Although Morocco runs a structural trade deficit, this is typically offset by substantial services earnings from tourism and large remittance inflows from the diaspora, and the country normally runs a small current-account surplus. 
Morocco signed in 1996 an agreement of association with the European Union which came into effect in 2000. This agreement, which lies within the scope of the Barcelona Process (Euro-Mediterranean partnership) started in 1995 and envisages the progressive implementation of a free trade area planned for 2012.
Trade with the EU.
Morocco's FTA with the EU, which was signed in 1996, entered into force in 2000 and is being incrementally implemented with the aim of creating an EU-Morocco free trade zone by 2012, noting that the abolition of tariffs on industrial goods has been a boom for Moroccan manufacturers as some 75% of Morocco's exports go to Europe. France is Morocco's largest trading partner, followed by Spain.
Trade with France.
France is Morocco’s largest trading partner for both imports and exports, controlling more than 60% of foreign direct investment in Morocco. Morocco has emerged as a major cheap-labour platform for European manufacturers, as well as a commercial trans-shipment point for goods from all around the world passing through the Straits of Gibraltar. Moroccans’ knowledge of French has also led French banking and call-centre firms to set up service operations in Morocco. 
In October 2007, French President Nicolas Sarkozy travelled to Morocco on an official state visit to King Mohammed VI. Accompanied by 70 top French business executives, Sarkozy confirmed several billion dollars' worth of contracts for French firms in Morocco.
Trade with the US.
Moroccan-US trade has risen to $2.3 billion in 2007 from the $1.4 billion since the enforcement of the free trade agreement signed between the 2 countries in 2006, former Moroccan Minister of Trade and Economy Salaheddine Mezouar said in 2007. Mezouar pointed out that Moroccan clothing exports to the USA had increased by 122% in 2006 while perfume sales had grown by 41%, also noting that US investment in Morocco exceeded $1.5 billion, mainly in tourism and clothing. In 2006, Moroccan-US trade was up 44% over 2005. Moroccan exports to the US netted $521.2 million while American exports to Morocco reached $875.5 million, up 67% from 2005. According to the FTA agreement, Morocco can export to the US a duty-free quota of 15 million square meters of finished goods and 500 tonnes of thread and materials made from fibres and cotton from less developed Sub-Saharan African countries. Morocco is looking to expand its textile markets outside the EU due to strong competition after the EU abolished quotas for Asian textiles in January 2005. Moroccan exports to the US rose by 25% in 2007, and noted that trade has been facilitated and promoted by the FTA between the 2 countries. The establishment of a direct merchant maritime line between Tangier and ports on the US East coast would be an essential step to taking trade to the next level.
Trade with China.
Morocco was the 2nd African country to establish diplomatic ties with China since the founding of the People's Republic in 1949. "Sino-Moroccan relations have all along developed soundly and stably with friendly cooperation deepening continuously in all fields, thanks to the joint efforts by the leaders and peoples of the 2 countries, no matter how international situation changes,"Wu Bangguo, chairman of the Standing Committee of the Chinese National People's Congress, said during his meeting with Abdeloughed Radi, president of Morocco's Chamber of Representatives, in 2005.
In trade and economic cooperation, the volume of bilateral trade has increased incessantly, reaching $1.16 billion US dollars in 2004,"Wu said. Nothing marked results in bilateral cooperation such as in traditional fields like fisheries, agriculture, health and engineering projects. 
The heads of the parliaments of China and Morocco vowed in Rabat in 2005 to work for the further development of bilateral ties in all fields, including trade.
Trade with the Gulf Region.
As part of its economic liberalization policy, Morocco has concluded free trade agreements with GCC countries, thereby lining Morocco with 1 of the largest free trade networks in the world and giving it duty-free access to a huge market.
Trade with Africa.
Morocco's trade with the African countries has jumped from $533 million in 1998 to around $3 billion in 2008, up 460%.
This was facilitated thanks to opening by Morocco's carrier, Royal Air Maroc, of 27 links serving the continent's major cities as well as the existence in Africa of a number of Moroccan operators, especially Royal Air Maroc, mobile operator Maroc Telecom and Attijariwafa Bank.
Trade Imbalance.
Morocco's trade imbalance rose from $86 billion to $118 billion dirhams between 2006 and 2007 – a 26.6% increase bringing the total amount to 17% of GDP. The Caisse de dépôt et de gestion forecasts that if imports continue to rise faster than exports, the disparity could reach 21% of GDP. 
Foreign Trade Minister Abdellatif Maâzouz said earlier in September that members of the government have agreed to a plan focused on four major areas: a concerted export development strategy, the regulation of imports, market and economic monitoring, and the adaptation of regulations and working practices. 
The plan, Maâzouz said, "will enable us to redress the external trade situation and to reduce Morocco’s trade deficit." The minister added that he expects to see a reversal of the imbalance by 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20612752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612752" title="United States Senate election in Missouri, 2010">
United States Senate election in Missouri, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Missouri occurred on November 2, 2010 alongside 36 other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Primary elections were held on August 3, 2010. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Kit Bond decided to retire instead of seeking a fifth term. Republican nominee Roy Blunt won the open seat.
General election.
Campaign.
Carnahan and national Democrats have heavily criticized Blunt for his support of bailouts, calling him "Bailout Blunt." Blunt has criticized her for supporting President Obama's stimulus package, the cap-and-trade energy bill, and the health care reform bill.
Carnahan has been endorsed by the "Kansas City Star", the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch", and the "St. Louis American".
Blunt has been endorsed by the "Quincy Herald-Whig" and the "St. Joseph News-Press".

</doc>
<doc id="20612766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612766" title="Non-specific interstitial pneumonia">
Non-specific interstitial pneumonia

Non-specific interstitial pneumonia (NSIP) is a form of idiopathic interstitial pneumonia.
Patients with an NSIP histologic pattern on biopsy have a better prognosis than those with usual interstitial pneumonia (UIP). There are two variants of NSIP: cellular and fibrosing. The cellular variant features chronic inflammatory cells with minimal collagen deposition while the fibrosing pattern consists of diffuse interstitial fibrosis with fewer inflammatory cells. In contrast to UIP, NSIP has little or no honeycomb change, and fibroblast foci are scant or absent.

</doc>
<doc id="20612773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612773" title="CD Piedrabuena">
CD Piedrabuena

Club Deportivo Piedrabuena is a Spanish football team based in Piedrabuena, in Ciudad Real in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Founded in 1981, its plays in 1ª Autonómica Preferente. The stadium is Estadio "El Olivar" with capacity of 1,500 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20612804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612804" title="Franz Lederer (football manager)">
Franz Lederer (football manager)

Franz Lederer (born November 25, 1963) is an Austrian football manager who most recently managed SV Mattersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20612850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612850" title="Simon Steel">
Simon Steel

Simon Andrew Steel (born 2 October 1969) is a former English cricketer. Steel was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born at Ipswich, Suffolk.
Steel made his debut in Minor counties cricket for Suffolk in the 1996 Minor Counties Championship against Bedfordshire. He made three further appearances in that seasons competition, playing in matches against Staffordshire and Norfolk. In that same season he played a single List A match against first-class county Somerset in the NatWest Trophy at the County Ground, Taunton. In a Suffolk loss, Steel took a single wicket in Somerset's total of 333/8, that of opening batsman Mark Lathwell, finishing with figures of 1/62 from 10 overs. He wasn't called upon to bat in Suffolk's innings of 271/6. Steel made one further appearance for Suffolk, in the 1997 Minor Counties Championship against Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20612855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612855" title="Tennessee Division of Archaeology">
Tennessee Division of Archaeology

The Tennessee Division of Archaeology (TDOA) is a division of the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation responsible for managing prehistoric archaeological sites on lands owned by the U.S. state of Tennessee, conducting archaeological excavations and research, informing the public about Tennessee’s prehistoric past, and coordinating with other state agencies regarding archaeological preservation issues.
The TDOA has two main divisions. The "Asset Management" division maintains the official State Site File record, including data on all recorded archaeological sites within the state. The "Technical Assistance" division coordinates with other state agencies and federal entities to ensure government activities (e.g., highway construction) do not significantly harm the state's archaeological sites. The TDOA presently employs seven archaeologists, a site files coordinator, and an administrative secretary at the Nashville location. An auxiliary storage facility is located at Pinson Mounds State Park near Jackson, Tennessee.
A SHPO-Archaeologist at the TDOA facility in Nashville reviews all federally funded projects within Tennessee to determine if they present a potential impact to archaeological resources. 
Each January, the TDOA, in conjunction with the Middle Tennessee State University Sociology and Anthropology department, co-sponsors the "Current Research in Tennessee Archaeology" meeting. The meeting is open to the public and features presentations by both professional and avocational archaeologists.

</doc>
<doc id="20612856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612856" title="Lou Salvador">
Lou Salvador

Luis "Lou" Salvador (July 7, 1905 - March 1, 1973) was a Filipino basketball player, stage actor and talent manager. As a player for the Philippine national basketball team during the 1923 Far Eastern Games, he scored 116 points in a single game. He later became a leading figure in Philippine show business as a talent manager and a stage show impresario. Several of his 58 children became notable personalities in the Philippine entertainment scene.
Salvador was born in Tacloban, Leyte, to a Spanish father and a German mestiza mother.
Basketball career.
Salvador first played for the Philippine men's national basketball team at the age of seventeen, in the 1921 Far Eastern Games held in Shanghai. He also represented the Philippines in the 1923 and the 1925 Far Eastern Games, where his team in both instances won the gold medal. Salvador also played collegiate basketball for the Jose Rizal College Heavy Bombers, leading them to a national championship in 1924.
116 point game.
Salvador's most notable basketball achievement came in May, 1923, during the Far Eastern Games in Osaka, Japan when he scored 116 points during a match against China. With this feat, he became one of only few basketball players to have scored over 100 points in a single game. Salvador would later attribute his achievement to excellent conditioning, recounting that for a whole year prior to that game, he had practiced daily at the YMCA compound in Manila, using a medicine ball which he would throw repeatedly to acclimatize his body. He confessed to finding ease at his achievement during the game itself, owing to his daily practice routine.
Bodabil and film career.
Beginning in 1925, Salvador would make appearances in the Manila bodabil stage under the name Chipipoy, and also as Van Ludor . His sister Miami was also a bodabil performer.
It was after World War II that Salvador attained the most influence in the Philippine entertainment scene. He became the most successful stage show impresario in the Philippines, organizing bodabil troupes that toured the country. Dubbed as "The Master Showman", he was credited with discovering and fostering the careers of such noted singers and comedians as Chiquito, Bentot, Cachupoy, Canuplin, Pepe Pimentel, Diomedes Maturan, and Eddie Peregrina. 
Salvador also dabbled in films and established his own production company, "Master Films". He was a featured cast member of Manuel Conde's "Genghis Khan" (1950), which was entered into competition in the Venice Film Festival in 1952. Salvador also directed the feature films "Bad Boy" (1957) and "Barkada" (1958), which both starred his son, Lou Salvador, Jr.
The Lou Salvador Sr. Memorial Award is handed out by the Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences in his honor.
Family.
Salvador fathered 102 children and reputedly had 49 mistresses. Apart from Lou Salvador, Jr., he also fathered the actors Alona Alegre, Leroy Salvador, Mina Aragon, Phillip Salvador, Ross Rival and Jumbo Salvador. The actors Maja Salvador and Jobelle Salvador are his granddaughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20612864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612864" title="Acquinsicke">
Acquinsicke

Acquinsicke is a historic home located near Pomfret, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It was built between 1783 and 1798, is a highly significant example of late 18th century, early Federal architecture. It is a rectangular, two story, five bay, clapboarded frame dwelling with one-story additions to each end. The house's landscape features include a series of two terraced falls. Acquinsicke was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
History of Acquinsicke.
Acquinsicke takes its name from a tract of escheat land patented by Anthony Neale in 1704. Originally known as White's Ford and renamed Acquinsicke by Neale, the had formerly been granted to Jerome White in 1669. White had immigrated to Maryland from England as a free adult about 1661. A Catholic, apparently well-educated, he held a number of important and influential position including that of deputy governor in 1669 and the colony's Surveyor General, 1661-1671. White received land grants totaling more than  — most of which reverted to the Lords Baltimore when White died in England intestate and without heirs in 1677. The White's Ford grc: of was one of those that es cheated to the proprietor. When the tract was resurveyed for Anthony Neale the boundaries were found to embrace more than the stipulated in White's grant. To correct this discrepancy. Neale was requested to " ... leave out the surplus age where should think convenient . .. " The origin of the name Anthony Neale gave to the property is not precisely known. It is known to have derived from a word or descriptive term used by native Americans who continued to occupy this section of Charles County at the time that Neale patented the property. It may even have been the name of a small village that once existed on or near the land.
Anthony Neale's patent was recorded in 1706 and it was probably not long afterward that he established "Acquinsicke" as his dwelling plantation. Previous to that time he is believed to have lived on part of his father's plantation, Wollaston Manor, in the southeastern section of the county. Neale's father, Capt. James Neale, vas a highly-educated and well-travelled member of colonial Maryland society. He first arrived in Maryland in 1635 but did not establish formal residence in the colony until 1642 . A planter and assemblyman. James Neale held a number of provincial offices, and between 1649 and 1659 served as ambassador for Charles II and the Duke of York in Spain and Portugal. The Neales were staunch Roman Catholics and continued to be openly so throughout the 1691-1776 period when Catholics in Maryland were denied their basic civil rights. Anthony Neale's parents and their descendants established and supported a private mission at Wollaston Manor, and Anthony Neale is said to have supported the work of the Church by providing his home at Acquinsicke Society of Jesus headquartered at as a mission chapel of the St. Thomas Manor (CH-6;NR).
Anthony Neale died in 1723. His will devised one-half of the Acquinsicke plantation to his son Edward stipulating that ""...it be that moiety whereon my dwelling house stands that I now live in."" Edward was also given ""...my silver Chalice & suit of Church Stuff to be kept and remained in my said Dwelling House and to go from heir to heir for the use of our family etc. so long as any of mine shall inhabit in the said place."" Edward's share of Acquinsicke was to lie south of and include the dwelling; his brother, Charles, was bequeathed the part of the plantation lying north of the dwelling together with" "...one thousand foot of one inch pine plank to be used towards ... building him a house ...""
By the standards of the period, Neale clearly enjoyed a privileged lifestyle, despite the fact that the inventory of his personality suggested that his house was probably of only two rooms with small sleeping chamber above. Although he did own a ""house clock, a small library of books. assorted pieces of silver, a violin and 5 packs of playing cards"", his house was as modestly furnished as it was small. Nevertheless, this was true of nearly all dwellings occupied by those of Neale's stature. The estate, which included 33 slaves, was estimated to be worth over 1.108 pounds sterling, placing Neale among the county's wealthier inhabitants. Neale also owned several other valuable properties, including a mill seat and two unimproved lots in Chandlers Town (Port Tobacco;NR) in the same county.
Edward Neale was probably living at the home plantation at the time of his father's death, and is known to have continued to reside there until the mid-1740s when he moved to Queen Anne's County on Maryland's Eastern Shore. According to several local histories, Acquinsicke continued to be used as a place of worship for local Catholics throughout Neale's occupation of the land. In 1751 Edward Neale, who had no surviving sons, conveyed the of Acquinsicke he had inherited from his father, plus an additional contiguous tract of he patented under the name "Acquinsicke Enlarged" to his eldest daughter Eleanor and her husband Henry Rozer of Prince George's County. Eleanor and Henry Rozer were then living at Notley Hall, a large estate binding on the Potomac River near present-day Fort Washington which Henry had inherited from his father Notley Rozer. Seven years later Charles Neale, Edward's brother, sold his half share of Acquinsicke to Col. Samuel Hanson necessitating a formally surveyed division of the two parts of the original tract they had inherited on their father's death in 1723.
Historical context.
Acquinsicke was built in the last two decades of the 18th century, a very important time of transition in the development of domestic architecture in Southern Maryland. From about 1720 until the end of the American Revolution housing forms in Southern Maryland were fairly unchanged- homes of the middle and lower economic classes were usually one-story with one or two lower rooms and small attic chambers above, while those of the more prosperous merchant planters almost invariably contained four rooms off a centered rear stair hall and with bed chambers within a gable or gambrel roof. Surviving buildings combined with historical research has provided convincing evidence that houses with central through passages and houses of a full two-story height were relatively rare before the close of the 18th century. It was not until about the second decade of the 19th century, when improved economic conditions spawned a building boom that continued well into the 1840s, that two-story dwellings with central or side passages extending the full depth of the house became increasingly common. Similarly, changing fashions in a broader American context was slow to influence local architectural trends.
Consequently, there are remarkably few late-18th-century houses in Charles County whose architectural embellishments reflect to any significant degree the neoclassicism so widely embraced elsewhere in the decades following the Revolutionary War. The land on which "Acquinsicke" stands is part of what was once one of Charles County's largest plantations and was initially established by Anthony Neale, member of one of Maryland's most historically important Catholic families. Neale's dwelling, which is believed to have stood on or near the site of the present house, was used as both a private residence ~nd as a mission chapel of the Society of Jesus headquartered at St. Thomas Manor INRI. The survival and growth of Catholicism in Maryland during the 1690-1116 period was almost entirely dependent on the support of these mission chapels by families such as the Neales. All of these mission chapels have disappeared, and the precise locations of nearly all of them remains unknown. Today, only St. Thomas Manor and the property encompassing St. Mary's Church, Newport INRI have documented associations with the pre-1776 history of Roman Catholicism in this area, and "Acquinsicke" is the only extant non-church owned site to have historically proven associations with the missionary activities of the society of Jesus in this locality .
"Aquinsicke" is currently privately owned.
Impact.
Acquinsicke is a very significant example of late 18th century, early Federal architecture. Remarkably enough, only a few examples of domestic architectural farms survive in this region that illustrate as well as "Acquinsicke" the transitional phase between entirely vernacular building traditions and those buildings whose overall designs and carpentry were obviously influenced by outside sources. In this sense, Acquinsicke's full two-story height, one-room-deep design, finished (and heated!) attic chambers, and intrepidly corbelled and plaster banded chimney stacks are of specific note. Viewed independently, each of these details is unique in a late 18th-century architectural context: Together, they establish "Acquinsicke" as entirely matchless.
Acquinsicke is also of significance for the historical connection of the site it occupies with the history of Roman Catholicism in Southern Maryland. There is compelling historical evidence that the house rests on or immediately next to the site of an earlier structure that from about 1706 until at least the middle of that century served the dual function of private home and mission chapel served by Jesuits headquartered at St. Thomas Manor. Acquinsicke is one of only three sites in Charles County with documented affiliations with the pastoral activities of the Roman Catholic Church during the 1690-1776 period when Catholics in Maryland were denied their basic civil rights.

</doc>
<doc id="20612877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612877" title="Paul Gludovatz">
Paul Gludovatz

Paul Gludovatz (born 10 June 1946) is an Austrian football manager currently managing SV Eberau. He managed Austrian national youth football teams in different age brackets from 1981 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20612887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612887" title="Family Guy (season 3)">
Family Guy (season 3)

"Family Guy" third season first aired on the Fox network in 22 episodes from July 11, 2001, to November 9, 2003, before being released as a DVD box set and in syndication. It premiered with the episode "The Thin White Line" and finished with "When You Wish Upon a Weinstein". The third season of "Family Guy" continues the adventures of the dysfunctional Griffin family—father Peter, mother Lois, daughter Meg, son Chris, baby Stewie and Brian, the family pet, who reside in their hometown of Quahog. The executive producers for the third season were David Zuckerman and series creator Seth MacFarlane.
Although "Family Guy" was initially canceled in 2000 due to low ratings, following a last-minute reprieve, the series returned for a third season in 2001. The series was canceled again in 2002; however, high ratings on Adult Swim and high DVD sales renewed Fox's interest in the series. The series returned for a total of 35 new episodes in 2005.
Production.
"Family Guy" was first canceled in 2000 following the series' second season, but following a last-minute reprieve, it returned for a third season in 2001. In 2002, the series was canceled again after three seasons due to low ratings. 
Fox attempted to sell the rights for reruns of the show, but it was difficult to find networks that were interested; Cartoon Network eventually bought the rights, " basically for free", according to the president of 20th Century Fox Television Production. 
When the reruns were shown on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim in 2003, "Family Guy" became Adult Swim's most-watched show with an average 1.9 million viewers an episode. Following "Family Guy"s high ratings on Adult Swim, the first season was released on DVD in April 2003. Sales of the DVD set reached 2.2 million copies, becoming the best-selling television DVD of 2003 and the second highest-selling television DVD ever, behind the first season of Comedy Central's "Chappelle's Show". The second season DVD release also sold more than a million copies. The show's popularity in both DVD sales and reruns rekindled Fox's interest in it. They ordered 35 new episodes in 2004, marking the first revival of a television show based on DVD sales. Fox president Gail Berman said that it was one of her most difficult decisions to cancel the show, and was therefore happy it would return. The network also began production of a film based on the series.
Dan Povenmire, who became a director on "Family Guy" during the series' second season, took a more prominent role in directing by the third season, having directed five episodes. Creator Seth MacFarlane granted Povenmire substantial creative freedom. Povenmire recalled that McFarlane would tell him "We've got two minutes to fill. Give me some visual gags. Do whatever you want. I trust you." Povenmire praised this management style for letting him "have [...] fun."
Povenmire brought realism, and material from his own experiences, to the visual direction of "Family Guy". For "One If by Clam, Two If by Sea", several characters carried out fosse moves in prison — Povenmire went into the office of a color artist, Cynthia Macintosh, who had been a professional dancer, and had her strike poses in order for him to better illustrate the sequence. In the episode "To Love and Die in Dixie" Povenmire drew on his childhood in the deep south to sequence a background scene where the "redneck" character nonchalantly kicks a corpse into the nearby river.
Reception.
"Brian Wallows and Peter's Swallows" won an Emmy Award for Best Song. Creator McFarlane, the recipient of the award, noted that the episode's director Dan Povenmire deserved to have received the award for the contribution the visuals made to the episode's win. Povenmire jokingly responded "That's a nice sentiment and all, but did he offer to give me his? No! And it's not like he doesn't already have two of his own just sitting in his house!" In his review for the "Family Guy" Volume 3 DVD, Aaron Beierle of DVD Talk stated "Often brilliant, extremely witty and darkly hilarious, "Family Guy" was unfortunately cancelled after Fox bumped it around six or seven different time slots. Although this third season wasn't as consistent as the first two, it's still hilarious and fans of the show should definitely pick up this terrific set."
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20612903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612903" title="André Rivet">
André Rivet

André Rivet (Andreas Rivetus) (August 1572 – January 7, 1651) was a French Huguenot theologian.
Life.
He was born at Saint-Maixent, 43 km (27 mi) southwest of Poitiers, France. After completing his education at Berne, he studied theology privately at Berne and La Rochelle, and from 1595 to 1620 was at Thouars, first as chaplain of the duke of La Trémouille and later as pastor. In 1617 he was elected president of the Synod at Vitré; and in 1620 he was called to Leiden as professor of theology.
In 1632 Stadholder Frederick Henry appointed Rivet tutor of his son, later William II, while the university made him honorary professor. In 1641 he attended the prince on his visit to England, and in 1646 was appointed curator of the educational institution in Breda, where he passed the remainder of his life and died. Archibald Alexander devotes a chapter of his "Thoughts on Religious Experience" to Rivet's "death-bed exercises".
Works.
A rigid Calvinist and an uncompromising enemy of the Roman Catholic Church, Rivet was in his day the most influential member of the theological faculty of Leyden; and together with his colleagues he drew up, in 1625, the "Synopsis purioris theologiae", which discussed the entire field of Reformed dogmatics in fifty-two disputations. At Leyden Rivet also worked on Old Testament exegesis.
His numerous writings are divided among the provinces of polemics, exegesis, dogmatics, and edification. They were collected in three volumes (Rotterdam, 1651–53), the most important being the "Isagoge ad scripturam sacram Veteris et Novi Testamenti" (Dort, 1616).
Other works:

</doc>
<doc id="20612909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612909" title="2001 USC Trojans football team">
2001 USC Trojans football team

The 2001 USC Trojans football team represented the University of Southern California in the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was Pete Carroll's first year as head coach. The Kansas State Wildcats's victory on September 8 marked the last time a non-Pac-10 team defeated the Trojans in the Coliseum until November 27, 2010, when the Notre Dame Fighting Irish defeated the Trojans, 20–16.
Schedule.
The Trojans finished the regular season with a 6–5 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20612937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612937" title="Araby (Mason's Springs, Maryland)">
Araby (Mason's Springs, Maryland)

Araby is a historic home located near Mason Springs, Charles County, Maryland. It was the home of William and Sarah Eilbeck, whose daughter Anne married George Mason. George Washington recorded many visits to Araby. It is a mid-18th-century house that was extensively altered in the mid-19th century. Despite the alterations, it remains an example of vernacular domestic architecture and retains a significant amount of original interior and exterior fabric of the Federal period. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20612959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612959" title="Urs Schönenberger">
Urs Schönenberger

Urs Schönenberger (born February 21, 1959) is a Swiss football manager who is currently unattached.

</doc>
<doc id="20612964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612964" title="Family Guy (season 4)">
Family Guy (season 4)

The fourth season of the animated comedy series "Family Guy" aired on Fox from May 1, 2005, to May 21, 2006, and consisted of twenty seven episodes. The first half of the season is included within the Volume Three DVD box set, which was released on November 29, 2005, and the second half is included within the Volume Four DVD box set, which was released on November 14, 2006. Season 4 was split into seasons 4 and 5 in regions outside the United States, leading to confusion over season numbers between U.S., Australian, and UK fans. The last three episodes of season 4 were the basis for the movie known as "", and are edited for content; Fox does not include these episodes in the official episode count.
"Family Guy" had been canceled in 2002 due to low ratings, but was revived by Fox after reruns on Adult Swim became the network's most-watched program, and more than 3 million DVDs of the show were sold. "North by North Quahog" was the first episode to air following the series' revival.
Production.
In 2002, "Family Guy" was canceled after three seasons due to low ratings. The show was first canceled after the 1999–2000 season, but following a last-minute reprieve, it returned for a third season in 2001. Fox tried to sell rights for reruns of the show, but it was hard to find networks that were interested; Cartoon Network eventually bought the rights, " basically for free", according to the president of 20th Century Fox Television Production. When the reruns were shown on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim in 2002, "Family Guy" became the channel's most-watched show with an average 1.9 million viewers per episode. Following this, the show's first season was released on DVD in April 2003. The DVD set sold 2.2 million copies, making it the best-selling television DVD of 2003 and the second highest-selling television DVD ever, behind the first season of Comedy Central's "Chappelle's Show". The season 2 DVD release also sold more than 1 million copies. The show's popularity in both DVD sales and reruns rekindled Fox's interest. They ordered 35 new episodes in 2004, marking the first revival of a television show based on DVD sales. Gail Berman said canceling the show was one of her most difficult decisions, and she was therefore happy it would return. The network also began production of a film based on the show.
"North by North Quahog" was the first episode to be broadcast after the show's cancellation. It was written by MacFarlane and directed by Peter Shin. MacFarlane believed the show's three-year hiatus was beneficial because animated shows do not normally have hiatuses, and towards the end of their seasons "... you see a lot more sex jokes and (bodily function) jokes and signs of a fatigued staff that their brains are just fried". With "North by North Quahog", the writing staff tried to keep the show "... exactly as it was" before its cancellation, and did not "... have the desire to make it any slicker" than it already was. Walter Murphy, who had composed music for the show before its cancellation, returned to compose the music for "North by North Quahog". Murphy and the orchestra recorded an arrangement of Bernard Herrmann's score from "North by Northwest", a film referenced multiple times in the episode.
Fox had ordered five episode scripts at the end of the third season; these episodes had been written but not produced. One of these scripts was adapted into "North by North Quahog". The original script featured "Star Wars" character Boba Fett, and later actor, writer and producer Aaron Spelling, but the release of the iconic film "The Passion of the Christ" inspired the writers to incorporate Mel Gibson into the episode. Multiple endings were written, including one in which Death comes for Gibson. During production, an episode of "South Park" was released entitled "The Passion of the Jew" that also featured Gibson as a prominent character. This gave the "Family Guy" writers pause, fearing accusations " that we had ripped them off."
Reception.
The season received high Nielsen ratings; "North by North Quahog", the premiere episode was broadcast as part of an animated television night on Fox, alongside two episodes of "The Simpsons" and the pilot episode of "American Dad!". The episode was watched by 11.85 million viewers, the show's highest ratings since the airing of the first season episode "". Its ratings also surpassed the ratings of both episodes of "The Simpsons" and "American Dad!". Season four's three-part finale was watched by 8.2 million viewers, bringing the season average to 7.9 million viewers per episode.
In addition, the season was nominated for a number of awards. In 2005, the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences nominated "North by North Quahog" for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour). It nominated "PTV" in the same category one year later. Neither of the episodes won the award, as "South Park" received the award in 2005 and "The Simpsons" was the eventual recipient of the award in 2006. Peter Shin and Dan Povenmire were both nominated for an Annie Award in the Best Directing in an Animated Television Production category, for directing "North by North Quahog" and "PTV" respectively; Shin eventually won the award. MacFarlane won the Annie Award for Best Voice-over Performance for providing the voice of Stewie in "Brian the Bachelor". At the Annie Awards the following year, John Viener was nominated in the category Writing in an Animated Television Production, for writing "Untitled Griffin Family History", but lost the award to Ian Maxtone-Graham, who wrote the episode of "The Simpsons" titled "The Seemingly Neverending Story". The editors of the episode "Blind Ambition" won the Motion Picture Sound Editors Golden Reel Award for Best Sound Editing in Television Animated.
Season 4 received positive reviews from critics. Reviewing the season premiere, Mark McGuire of "The Times Union" wrote: "... the first minute or so of the resurrected "Family Guy" ranks among the funniest 60 seconds I've seen so far this season." "The Pitt News" reviewer John Nigro felt that the show had not lost its steam while it was on hiatus, and was surprised that the show had been canceled because of its "wildly extravagant shock factor". Nigro cited "Breaking Out Is Hard to Do", "Petarded" and "Perfect Castaway" as the season's best episodes. In 2007, BBC Three named the episode "PTV" "The Best Episode...So Far". The episode has also been praised by Maureen Ryan of the "Chicago Tribune", who called it ""Family Guys" most rebellious outing yet". "The Boston Globe" critic Matthew Gilbert felt "Family Guy"s fourth season was as "crankily irreverent as ever".
Fewer critics responded bitterly to the season; "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" critic Melanie McFarland reacted very bitterly, stating "Three years off the air has not made the 'Family Guy' team that much more creative". Critics of both Popmatters and IGN criticized the first few episodes but felt the show regained its humor after "Don't Make Me Over"; IGN's Mike Drucker commented "At that point, we get some amazingly creative humor. It's almost like MacFarlane and gang decided they had thanked their fans enough and could return to what made the show successful in the first place." Bill Brioux of the "Toronto Star" felt the show was too similar to "The Simpsons". Media watchdog group the Parents Television Council, a frequent critic of the show, branded the episodes "North by North Quahog", "The Father, the Son, and the Holy Fonz", "Brian Sings and Swings", "Patriot Games", and "The Courtship of Stewie's Father" as "worst show of the week".
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20612965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612965" title="Roswitha Esser">
Roswitha Esser

Roswitha Esser (born 18 January 1941 in Bad Godesberg) is a West German sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won two gold medals in the K-2 500 m event (1964, 1968).
Esser also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-2 500 m: 1963, 1970), four silvers (K-1 500 m: 1966, K-4 500 m: 1963, 1966, 1971), and a bronze (K-4 500 m: 1970).

</doc>
<doc id="20612988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612988" title="Adventure Life">
Adventure Life

Adventure Life is an adventure travel company that provides custom and small group tours in Latin America and small-ship cruises throughout the world. They offer over 100 different itineraries in South America and Central America, and hundreds of small-ship cruises to less conventional destinations such as Africa, the Arctic, Antarctica and Alaska.
Their focus is nature, cultural, and active travel and they apply ecotourism principles to their tour and cruise programs. Most trips have a maximum group size of 12, yet typically run with 6 or fewer travelers. A large portion of travelers arrange customized or private itineraries. Since their founding in 1999, over 24,000 clients have traveled with the company.
Adventure Life is registered in the State of Montana as ALJ, Inc., and they do business as Adventure Life.
History.
Adventure Life was founded by Brian Morgan in 1999. Morgan was working as a consultant in Quito for CARE in the late 1990s, but decided to return home to Montana. While applying for jobs in Montana, Morgan planned a group tour back to Ecuador and promoted it locally. This experience made him recognize that guided tours were a service in demand, and a niche industry that his own travel experiences and Ecuadorian connections had prepared him to explore further.
Adventure Life launched in February 1999 with Spanish language study-trips, internships, and tours to Peru and Ecuador. Office is initially located in Havre, Montana. Morgan hired first staff member. First year of business, Adventure Life has fewer than 100 travelers.
Starting in 2000, The Company decided to focus on offering tours only, and no longer provides Spanish language study-trips, or internships. Office moves from Havre, and settles in Missoula, Montana. By the end of 2000, company hires 4 full-time staff members. Establishes a partner office in Lima, Peru.
Between 2001-2003, Adventure Life added tours to Bolivia, Costa Rica and Belize, Chile, Argentina, Patagonia and Guatemala. They also establish a second partner office in Quito, Ecuador. The company moves from Morgan's home into its first office.In 2005, tours started sending travelers to Antarctica. The next year they added Panama to the list of destinations. 
During 2007-2008 Adventure Life starts to offer small-ship cruises throughout the world. During 2007, Adventure Life provides trips for over 3500 travelers. In 2008 they added the Falkland Islands. Company launches an online community forum offering client Trip Journals - system utilizes the services of Google Maps. In 2009 Nicaragua is added. In 2011 Uruguay is added.
Responsible travel.
Galapagos Conservation Fundraising
Adventure Life is an active member of the International Galapagos Tour Operators Association, (IGTOA). The president of Adventure Life, Brian Morgan, served as the president of IGTOA from 2006-2009. In Nov. 2006, IGTOA they launched a Galapagos traveler-funding program for island conservation, and Adventure Life was one of the first members to adopt this initiative. A voluntary donation is added to all of Adventure Life's Galapagos travelers’ invoices. 40% of this donation goes to IGTOA and 60% goes to the Charles Darwin Foundation. Dollar for dollar, Adventure Life matches these donations with travel vouchers for future trips with their company. Since its inception, Adventure Life’s travelers have raised over $100,000 for island conservation.
IGTOA supports program in the Galapagos that include both Conservation and Professional Standards. Conservation funding is for projects that directly impact issues like introduced species, patrol of the park, and scientific research. Professional Standards relates to boat safety; passenger care; training and treatment of captains and crew members; guide training; educating travelers on conservation issues; and other issues relating to health, safety, and the rights and responsibilities of both travelers and tourist industry personnel.
The Charles Darwin Foundation (CDF) has carried out research for the conservation of the Galapagos ecosystem for almost 50 years. They have been a leader in conservation science and the practical application of information gained and lessons learned in Galapagos, and are one the most respected non-profit research organization currently in operation.
Center for Traditional Textiles of Cusco (CTTC)
The CTTC is a non-profit organization established in 1996 to aid in the survival of Incan textile traditions and to provide support to weaving communities. Working with the Center, Quechua weavers and their families in the region of the former Incan capitol are engaged in skills-building, community networking and market development. By researching and documenting complex styles and techniques of the ancestors, the Center helps to ensure that 2,000 year-old textiles traditions will not be lost to future generations. Adventure Life provides an annual donation to the CTTC, and incorporates visits to the center for all of its Peru itineraries that spend time in the Cusco region.
Media References.
Adventure Life has been featured in major publications such as USA Today, "The New York Times",

</doc>
<doc id="20612995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612995" title="Bountiem Phissamay">
Bountiem Phissamay

Dr. Bountiem Phissamay or Bounteim Phitsamai is a Laotian politician and scientist. He is President of the Science, Technology and Environment Agency (STEA) in Laos and also President of the Lao Football Federation. As of 2010, he is Minister, Head of the Science, Technology and Environment Organisation of Laos
He is a member of the National Assembly of Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="20612997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20612997" title="Cedar Grove (La Plata, Maryland)">
Cedar Grove (La Plata, Maryland)

Cedar Grove is a historic home located near La Plata, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a three-part house in the late Federal style, and built about 1854 by Francis Boucher Franklin Burgess. The house consists of a -story main block with a two-part east wing, all of common bond brick construction. There are several outbuildings, including two large barns, a small cattle barn, and several sheds. 
Cedar Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20613031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613031" title="Christopher Warn">
Christopher Warn

Christopher Warn (born 22 May 1979) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Derbyshire. He was born in Little Waltham.
Warn made a single first-class appearance for the team, against the touring Indians in 2002. From the tailend, he scored a single run in the only innings in which he batted.
Warn made seven List A appearances in the C&G Trophy for Suffolk between 2001 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20613035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613035" title="320th Missile Squadron">
320th Missile Squadron

The 320th Missile Squadron (320 MS) is a United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 90th Operations Group, stationed at F.E. Warren AFB, Wyoming. The 320 MS is equipped with the LGM-30G Minuteman III Intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), with a mission of nuclear deterrence.
History.
World War II.
Activated in spring 1942 as a B-26 Marauder medium bomber squadron. Trained under Third Air Force in southeastern United States. Reassigned to Michigan where squadron received Very Long Range (VLR) B-24D Liberator heavy bombers manufactured by Ford specifically for extended length missions over the Pacific.
Squadron deployed first to Hawaii and trained on the heavy bombers for combat and long over ocean navigation and bombardment missions under Seventh Air Force. Squadron deployed to Fifth Air Force in Southwest Pacific Area (SWPA), assembling in northern Queensland, Australia then moving to operational base in Papua New Guinea. From airfields in New Guinea, the squadron carried out long-range strategic bombardment of enemy targets in New Guinea, Dutch East Indies, Philippine Islands and other areas from bases as ground forces sized them during MacArthur's island hopping campaign. Bombarded enemy targets on Okinawa; Iwo Jima; Formosa and eastern China, eventually being stationed on Ie Shima preparing for VLR bombardment operations over the Japanese Home Isands when the Japanese Capitulation occurred in August 1945. Squadron personnel demobilized in Okinawa and Philippines, aircraft sent to reclamation during fall of 1945. Inactivated as a paper unit in Early 1946. 
Strategic Air Command.
The squadron was active but unmanned from, 1 July 1947 – 1 September 1948. Brought to operational status under Strategic Air Command in 1951, being equipped with RB-29 Superfortresses at Fairchild AFB, Washington. Moved to Forbes AFB, Kansas shortly afterward and conducted operational training from, 1 June 1951 – September 1952, replacement training from, 1 June 1951 – 1 September 1953, and. SHORAN training from, 10 November 1952-30 Novovember 1953 Replaced the propeller-driven RB-29s with new RB-47E Stratojet swept-wing reconnaissance bombers in 1954, capable of flying at high subsonic speeds and primarily designed for penetrating the airspace of the Soviet Union. Flew many long-range clandestine missions with the RB-47, flying many ferret missions around the periphery of Soviet territory, and sometimes inside on penetration flights to map planned routes for B-52s if combat missions over the Soviet Union ever became necessary. Began performing RB-47 crew training from, c. 1 January 1959 – 20 June 1960. Began phasing down RB-47 missions in 1959 when the vulnerability of the aircraft to Soviet air defenses became evident, was inactivated on 20 June 1960. 
Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Squadron.
Reactivated on 8 January 1964 as an ICBM squadron assigned to the 90th Missile Wing at Francis E. Warren AFB, Wyoming. The squadron was initially equipped with 50 LGM-30B Minuteman Is in early 1964. In 1973/1974 the squadron upgraded to LGM-30G Minuteman III ICBMs which are still on alert as of today.

</doc>
<doc id="20613038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613038" title="Special Marriage Act, 1954">
Special Marriage Act, 1954

The Special Marriage Act, 1954 is an Indian legislation enacted by the Parliament of India to provide a special form of marriage for the people of India and all Indian nationals in foreign countries, irrespective of the religion or faith followed by either party. The Act originated from a piece of legislation proposed during the late 19th century.
In 1872 Act III, 1872 was enacted but later it was found inadequate for certain desired reforms, and Parliament enacted a new legislation. Henry Sumner Maine first introduced Act III of 1872, which would permit any dissenters to marry whomever they chose under a new civil marriage law. In the final wording, the law sought to legitimate marriages for those willing to renounce their profession of faith altogether ("I do not profess the Hindu, Christian, Jewish, etc. religion"). Overall, the response from local governments and administrators was that they were unanimously opposed to Maine’s Bill and believed the legislation encouraged marriages based on lust, which would inevitably lead to immorality.
The Special Marriage Act, 1954 replaced the old Act III, 1872. The new enactment has 3 major objectives:
Discrepancies between Hindu law and the Special Marriage Act, 1954.
Over a period of time, the Judiciary has noticed certain discrepancies caused by the parallel regimes of Hindu law and the Special Marriage Act, 1954. Most recently, in February 2008, the High Court issued notices to the State Governments of Punjab and Haryana seeking to amend few conflicting provisions in the Hindu Marriage Act (1955) and the Special Marriage Act, 1954. One of the conflicting provisions highlighted by the High Court was that under the Special Marriage Act, 1954, a marriage solemnized was void if either of the parties to the marriage had not attained the requisite age, but such a marriage solemnized under the Hindu Marriage Act would not be void (though punishable under the Child Marriage Restraint Act). Likewise, after attaining puberty, if a marriage is contract under the Muslim Law then such marriage is also valid and liable to be.
Succession to the property.
Succession to the property of person married under this Act or cutomary marriage registered under this Act and that of their children, are governed by Indian Succession Act. However, if the parties to the marriage are Hindu, Buddhist , Sikh or Jaina religion, the succession to their property will be governed by Hindu succession Act.

</doc>
<doc id="20613039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613039" title="Annemarie Zimmermann">
Annemarie Zimmermann

Annemarie Zimmermann (born 10 June 1940 in Lendersdorf) is a West German sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won two gold medals in the K-2 500 m event, earning them in 1964 and 1968.
Zimmermann also won two medals at the 1963 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in the K-2 500 m and a silver in the K-4 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20613043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613043" title="Ellerslie (Port Tobacco, Maryland)">
Ellerslie (Port Tobacco, Maryland)

Ellerslie is a historic home located at Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story frame house of basic Georgian styling, with two exterior chimneys at each end. It was possibly built as early as the mid 18th century, and was extensively altered and enlarged about 1790-1820. A porch was added in 1965. It is the birthplace of Daniel of St. Thomas Jenifer.
Ellerslie was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20613046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613046" title="William Hood House">
William Hood House

The William Hood House was built in 1858 by William Hood. It is California Historical Landmark number is 692. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 6, 1998.
The house was built from bricks that were made on the property. An adobe building, a vineyard and a winery were built with the house, none of which remain.
The Knights of Pythias bought the house in 1924, after several different owners including United States Senator mining magnate, railroad and newspaper owner Thomas Kearns. The Los Guilicos School for Girls purchased the land in 1943.
A sign posted in November 2008 states that, after restoration, the house would be opened to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20613072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613072" title="Thomas Smyth">
Thomas Smyth

Thomas Smyth, Thomas Smythe or Tommy Smyth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20613086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613086" title="Lou Salvador, Jr.">
Lou Salvador, Jr.

Lou Salvador, Jr. (December 4, 1941 – April 19, 2008) was a Filipino film actor. He was dubbed as "The James Dean of the Philippines".
He was the son of Lou Salvador, a famous basketball player turned film and stage producer. His father would direct him in such film roles as in "Bad Boy" (1957) and "Barkada" (1958). Salvador, Jr. was a contract star of LVN Pictures.
After his retirement from film in the 1970s, Salvador, Jr. moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, where he died in 2008 from lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20613087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613087" title="Michael Fuchs (football)">
Michael Fuchs (football)

Michael Fuchs (June 6, 1972 - March 15, 2011) was an Austrian football player and football manager for FC Gratkorn.

</doc>
<doc id="20613098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613098" title="Paweł Waloszek">
Paweł Waloszek

Paweł Waloszek (born April 28, 1938 in Świętochłowice, Poland) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who was second in 1970 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20613112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613112" title="The Exchange (La Plata, Maryland)">
The Exchange (La Plata, Maryland)

The Exchange is a historic home located at La Plata, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a narrow, one-story, two-bay, gambrel-roofed frame house built about 1778, for a family of moderate economic means. Among its most notable features is its interior woodwork. Also on the property is a small, late-18th century frame tobacco house, a 20th-century frame garage, well house, and a swimming pool. 
The Exchange was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20613113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613113" title="Institut d'Égypte">
Institut d'Égypte

The Institut d’Égypte was a learned academy formed by Napoleon Bonaparte to carry out research during his Egyptian campaign.
Early work.
It first met on 24 August 1798, with Gaspard Monge as president, Bonaparte himself as vice-president and Joseph Fourier and Costaz as secretaries. It had 48 scholars and as with the Institut de France these were organised into sections, divided up as follows:
The Institut capitalised on the work of scholars and technical experts of the Commission des Sciences et des Arts and fostered the development of Egypt so as to support the French expeditionary force. On 22 November 1799 the Institut took the decision to collect and publish its scholarly work as the "Description de l'Égypte". The Institut lasted until its 47th and final meeting on 21 March 1801.
Resumption of activities.
The Institut d'Égypte's activities resumed in 1836 under the name of The Egyptian Society. The work was carried out by French, German and English scholars. It was transferred to Alexandria in 1859, and its name was again changed, this time to Institut Égyptien. The new Institut functioned under the auspices of Egypt's viceroy Sa'id Pasha, and had several prominent members, notably the German botanist Georg August Schweinfurth, as well as Egyptologists Auguste Mariette and Gaston Maspero. Later members included Ahmed Kamal, Egypt's first native Egyptologist, as well as Ahmad Zaki Pasha, a pioneering philologist.
The Institut returned to Cairo in 1880. Its previous name was restored by a royal decree in 1918. Henceforth, it was directly under the Royal Palace's auspices. Some of the Institut's more recent members include famed scholar Taha Hussein.
Destruction.
The Institut was burnt out on 17 December 2011 as part of the Egyptian revolution that started in January 2011.
Protesters were engaged in an exchange of missiles outside the Shura Council building nearby. A Molotov cocktail thrown by a protester went through one of the windows of the Institut accidentally or deliberately. The firemen arrived very late because of anarchic conditions on the streets. Protesters and soldiers rushed into the burning building and brought 30-40,000 works out to safety. Lost, however, were the "Atlas of Lower and Upper Egypt" (1752), the "Atlas Handler" (1842), the "Atlas of the Old Indian Arts" and many other important works. Before the blaze, the repository had held over 200,000 antique texts, many dating from the Bonaparte era.
It was incorrectly reported that the original manuscript of the 20-volume "Description de l'Égypte" (1809–29) was destroyed during these events. The majority of the original manuscript material for the Description resides in Paris' National Archives and National Library.
Restoration.
Sheikh Sultan al Qassimi, governor of the Emirate of Sharjah, has promised to pay for the reconstruction of the building and to donate some of his own rare possessions to it. Other works that might be made available include the various copies of the "Description" in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20613116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613116" title="Manchego CF">
Manchego CF

Manchego Ciudad Real Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Ciudad Real in the namesake province, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Founded in 2000, it holds home games at "Estadio Rey Juan Carlos I", with a capacity of 2,900 seats, but currently do not play in any championship.
History.
After the disappearance of "Club Deportivo Manchego" in 2000, "Manchego CF" was created. In July 2009, after six seasons in the fourth division, the club was in risk of being dissolved due to its outstanding debts, which reached €1.5 million. 
After Manchego CF supporters decided the club should continue, the president was forced to resign and, a day later, a new club, CD Ciudad Real was created. The Professional Spanish Footballers Association extended the deadline for some clubs to pay debts to their players past July 31. However, on August 25, the Royal Spanish Football Federation relegated the club in spite of it having finished in third position, due to the club's economic situation, but Manchego decided not to take part in the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20613123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613123" title="Martina Bischof">
Martina Bischof

Martina Bischof (born "Martina Fischer" on 23 November 1957 in Berlin) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. She won a gold medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
Bischof's husband, Frank-Peter, won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
She also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-2 500 m: 1977, 1978; K-4 500 m: 1979) and two silvers (K-2 500 m: 1979, K-4 500 m: 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20613149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613149" title="2006 MOJO Awards">
2006 MOJO Awards

The 2006 MOJO Honours List.
Nominees.
Complete list of nominees (winners in bold):

</doc>
<doc id="20613155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613155" title="Hans Kleer">
Hans Kleer

Hans Kleer (born September 4, 1969) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently managing Wiener SK. 

</doc>
<doc id="20613164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613164" title="Carsta Genäuß">
Carsta Genäuß

Carsta Genäuss-Kühn (born 30 November 1959 in Dresden) is an East German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s. She won a gold medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
Genäuss-Kühn also won seven gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three in the K-2 500 m event (1981, 1983, 1985) and four in the K-4 500 m (1978, 1981, 1983, 1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20613190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613190" title="Louis Costaz">
Louis Costaz

Louis, baron Costaz (17 March 1767, Champagne-en-Valromey (Bugey – 15 February 1842, Paris was a French scientist and administrator.
His brother Benoît Costaz (1761-1842) was bishop of Nancy. After studying maths, he taught at the military school at Thiron until 1793, then at the École polytechnique. A member of the Commission des Sciences et des Arts, he participated in the French invasion of Egypt, becoming secretary to the Institut d'Égypte and a member of the Privy Council of Egypt, as well as accompanying Bonaparte to Suez.
On his return to France, he presided over the Tribunat (1801–1803) and was entrusted with organising a school of arts and crafts. Prefect of the Manche area (1804–1809) and a baron de l'Empire from 1809, he was intendant of crown buildings (1809–1813) before becoming director general of bridges and roads (1813–1814). Summoned to the Conseil d’État in 1813, he was made prefect of Nord (as extraordinary commissaire) during the Hundred Days and retired from public life shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20613194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613194" title="Green's Inheritance">
Green's Inheritance

Green's Inheritance is a historic home located at Pomfret, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story gable-roofed house of common bond brick, built about 1850. The house has a basic Georgian plan. It is the only brick house in Charles County dating between the years 1835 and 1880. The house was built by Francis Caleb Green, on part of the of land granted in 1666 to the sons of Thomas Greene, the second Provincial Governor of Maryland, who named it "Green's Inheritance."
Green's Inheritance, formerly known as "Green Park", and home to the wealthy and prominent branch of the Green Family of Charles County, is a simple but dignified 2 1/2-story gable roofed house of common bond brick, 56' by 36'. Built c. 1850, it has a basic Georgian plan, incorporating an interesting combination of late Federal and Greek Revival features. The five-bay principal facade faces southeast. The centered, double-leafed entrance door, with transom and sidelights, has a simple Greek Revival-style wood enframement. The proportions and simplicity of a one-story porch with shallow pedimented roof and square posts sheltering the entrance suggest a Greek Revival influence. The four windows on the first floor and five on the second frame 6/6 sash and have plain wood sills and flat wood lintels. On the latter, at both floor levels, are flat pieces of wood applied in a manner to suggest recessed flat arches within the rectangular lintels, a rather curious treatment that is apparently original. A second interesting feature is a four-course brick belt or panel below the stepped brick roof cornice that extends to within 18" of the ends of the house. The north, or rear, elevation repeats the same fenestration and door placement of the front. However, the wood lintels of the windows are unornamented, and there is no belt course or panel below the eave cornice, and no porch sheltering the door. The door, fronted by a semi-circular brick stoop, is framed in the same basic manner as the front, but has a simulated, all-wood overlight. In 1941 a one-story porch extending the full width of this elevation was removed and replaced by the existing brick stoop and brick terrace. The east end of the house is unbroken except for a window at the attic level. On the west side there is a centered window at the second floor. The roof has two flush gable chimneys at each end. On the front and back slopes of the roof are three pedimented dormer windows, each of 6/6 sash. There is no watertable at the base of the house, although at one time the first several courses up from ground level were painted black. Small metal grilled openings at the base of the building serve to ventilate the crawl space beneath the first floor joists. In 1941 a one-story, three-bay kitchen addition of old brick with a shallow gable roof was built against the west end of the house, replacing an older frame wing.
Green's Inheritance is an important landmark, regionally significant architecturally and historically. Its architecture and date of construction very nearly make it unique within the lower Southern Maryland region.
In about 1825 the counties of Charles, Calvert, St. Mary's, and lower Prince George's began feeling the accumulated effect of a series of economic depressions, the last caused in large measure by the over-cultivation of tobacco, changing agricultural practices, industrialization, and the shifting of a rural society to one more urban. During the two decades preceding and following the Civil War almost all building activity ceased within the region. Green's Inheritance is therefore one of only a handful of extant buildings dating from this period in this area. It is, in fact, the only brick house in Charles County dating between the years 1835 and 1880. Considering the critical economic situation of the region at this time, it is remarkable that anyone could afford such an extravagance, particularly when many families of greater wealth and social prominence were crumbling.
The house should then be recognized as a testament to the builder, who buy all accounts was a quiet, honest yet resourceful and imaginative "gentleman farmer." The significance of Green's Inheritance, however, lies not only in its architectural value but also in the history of the property and the Green family. The house is believed to have been built about 1850 by Francis Caleb Green, on land granted in 1666 to the sons of Thomas Green, the second Provincial Governor of Maryland. Francis Caleb Green (1795-1851) held the rank of Sergeant during the War of 1812-14, and was actively involved in county affairs. His son, Francis Basil Green (1832-1907), was also active in local affairs, but especially in the concerns of nearby St. Joseph's Church, to which he donated land for expansion. His children sold the house to the late Major General DeWitt Peck, U.S.M.C., in 1941. It was during Peck's tenure that many of the renovations took place.
The well-documented affairs of the Green family provide more than a superficial glimpse into the life of an average Maryland family throughout a period of some 250 years. The house, as a part of this record, provides a valuable focal point on which a historical study of socio-economic conditions in Southern Maryland, as reflected by the activities of several generations of a single family, could be based.
Green's Inheritance was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20613198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613198" title="David C. Smith (author)">
David C. Smith (author)

David C. Smith, born August 10, 1952, is an American author of fantasy, horror, and suspense fiction, a medical editor, and an essayist. He is best known for his heroic fantasy novels, including his collaborations with Richard L. Tierney featuring characters created by Robert E. Howard, notably six novels featuring Red Sonja.
Life and family.
Smith was born in Youngstown, Ohio, and currently lives in Palatine, Illinois, with his wife, Janine, and daughter, Lilia Maura.
Career.
As a fiction writer, Smith has authored or coauthored nineteen novels and numerous short stories. His nonfiction credits include an English grammar textbook; various essays and articles, particularly on movies and cinema; and an ongoing blog. He has also written plays and screenplays. Smith's most active period as a writer was from the 1970s through the early 1990s; since then, he has concentrated on his primary career as a medical editor and currently is managing editor of the "Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons."
In the 1970s, Smith was one of several young writers who reinvigorated the genre of sword-and-sorcery in such publications as "Space and Time" and "The Diversifier." These authors included Richard L. Tierney, Charles R. Saunders, Karl Wagner, David Madison, Wayne Hooks, Gordon Hooks, and M. A. Washil, as well as Smith.
Smith's collaborations with Tierney and some of his short fiction have been issued in German, and "Oron" has been translated into and reprinted in Czech.
Bibliography.
Novels.
"Oron" and the Tales of Attluma.
Oron is a barbaric warrior who kills his own father, raises an army to defeat a despot in the legendary prehistoric kingdom of Neria, and fulfills an ancient prophecy by defeating a demonic force known as Kossuth. The novel "Oron" (1978) and its chronological prequels---"Mosutha's Magic" (1982), "The Valley of Ogrum" (1982), and "The Ghost Army" (1983)---as well as the novel "The Sorcerer's Shadow" (1978) and 18 short stories and novelettes (1971–1984), are all set on the imaginary island-continent Attluma, for which Smith developed a detailed history, similar to Robert E. Howard's essay in the 1930s on the Hyborian Age. Like Atlantis, Attluma sank beneath the ocean before recorded history. Whereas "Oron" in its design reflects elements of classical Greek tragedy and is presented in 24 chapters, or books, in the manner of Homer's epics, "The Sorcerer's Shadow" (manuscript title, "The Shadows of Sorcery") draws upon elements of Elizabethan and Jacobean drama as well as Howardian-style heroic fantasy.
The success of "Oron" and "The Sorcerer's Shadow" led to Smith's writing the novels "Mosutha's Magic" (manuscript title, "Reign, Sorcery!") and "The Valley of Ogrum" (manuscript title, "Deathwolf"), as well as the short story collection "The Ghost Army" (manuscript title, "Death in Asakad and Other Stories"), all featuring the character Oron. Three of the stories in "The Ghost Army" were written specifically for that collection: "The Fate of Diaru," "Red Tears," and "Death in Asakad." The remaining two were unpublished stories recast to feature the Oron character: "The Jewel for the Sorcerer's Daughter" and "The Seven-Pointed Star."
Most of the 18 Attluma stories appeared originally in fanzines and small-press publications of the 1970s and early 1980s. Two of them---"Come, Death" and "The Return to Hell"---feature the character Akram, introduced in "The Sorcerer's Shadow." Because of a sorcerer's curse, Akram is unable to die, and so must wander the world in eternal damnation. Smith is presently revising all 18 stories in preparation for presenting them in a collection. The Attluman stories, with the year of original composition of each, are "Dark of Heart" (1971–1974, as "Dragon's Jaw and Twin Pillars"); "The Generosity of the Gods" (1972); "Descales' Skull" (1972); "The Last Words of Imatus Istum" (1972); "Aliastra, the Sorceress" (1974); "Ithtidzik" (1974); "Blood Ransom" (1974, as The Blood-Ransom of Ikribu"); "Dark Goddess" (1974, as "Yasdis' Vengeance"); "The Return to Hell" (1975); "Come, Death" (1975); "Rhasjud's Destiny" (1975); "The Passing of the Sorcerer" (1975); "The Jewel of the Sorcerer's Daughter" (1976); "The End of Days" (1976); "The Sounding of the Gong" (1976); "The Seven-Pointed Star" (1976); "Engor's Sword Arm" (1977); and "Patience Serves" (1984). "Engor's Sword Arm" inspired the song "Sword Arm" by the Russian heavy metal band "Blacksword."
"Red Sonja" and the Howardian Pastiches.
With coauthor Richard L. Tierney, Smith wrote six novels featuring the Hyrkanian warrior Red Sonja. The character, loosely based on Red Sonya created by Robert E. Howard, was adapted by Roy Thomas into stories for the Marvel line of Conan and Red Sonja comic magazines. The novels, published by Ace Books, are "The Ring of Ikribu" (1981), "Demon Night" (1982), "When Hell Laughs" (1982), "Endithor's Daughter" (1982), "Against the Prince of Hell" (1983), and "Star of Doom" (1983).
Many fans of Robert E. Howard's fiction consider Smith's "The Witch of the Indies" (1977), featuring the pirate Black Terence Vulmea, and "For the Witch of the Mists" (1978, written with Richard L. Tierney), featuring the Pictish warrior Bran Mak Morn, as among the best of the Howardian pastiches.
"The Fall of the First World" trilogy.
"The Fall of the First World" comprises the novels "The Master of Evil" (manuscript title, "The West Is Dying"), "Sorrowing Vengeance," and "The Passing of the Gods," all published by Pinnacle Books in 1983. The trilogy concerns the gradual escalation of tension between a western and an eastern empire in a remote time and interweaves legendary characters and devices that have persisted in Western legend and mythology: Queen Salia is based on Helen of Troy, for example, and the wandering prophet Asawas is a Christ figure. Smith has stated that he planned the trilogy as a fantasy "War and Peace."
David Trevisan.
David Trevisan, a novitiate for the priesthood who becomes a sorcerer, appears in two novels: "The Fair Rules of Evil" (manuscript title, "Magicians"; Avon Books, 1989) and "The Eyes of Night" (Avon Books, 1991). Smith himself produced a limited number of copies of the synopsis of a third unnamed novel, which Avon Books, due to a change of editorial direction, did not buy.
The character is the protagonist of an original screenplay written by Smith in 1986, titled "Magicians," as well as of a 2001 screenplay of the same name, which
Smith cowrote with Joe Bonadonna and which combines characters and elements of both "The Fair Rules of Evil" and "The Eyes of Night."
"Seasons of the Moon".
Smith published this novel about a rural matriarchal society through iUniverse in October 2005. It is also available as an ebook on Kindle.
Short Stories.
In the 1970s and early 1980s, Smith wrote a number of short stories, most of which were published in the small press. Most were horror stories, although a handful are contemporary and one is science fiction. These include, with the date of original composition of each, "The Apach' Curse" (1971), "The Dark" (1971), "Feasting Shadows" (1972), "Strange Daisies" (1972), "The Demon" (1972), "Aragot" (1972), "The Satyr of the Wild" (1972), "The Tomb Beasts" (1973), "An Artist's Vision" (1973), "Tommy's Cat" (1973), "Angela" (1973), "The Sign of Kutullu" (1974), "Tellus Mater" (1974), "Mr. Dream Machine" (1976), "Coven House" (1980), and "Yellow Tusdae" (1984), as well as "The Man Who Would Be King" (1995).
Screenplays and Plays.
Smith has written or coauthored three unproduced screenplays: "Red Sonja" (1983, based on the novel "The Ring of Ikribu"); "Magicians" (1986, which served as the basis for the novel "The Fair Rules of Evil"); and "Magicians" (2001, with Joe Bonadonna).
Smith has written one play ("Sleep of Time," 2004) and has coauthored another ("Coven House," based on his short story) with Keith Huff, the author of, among other plays, "A Steady Rain" and "The Bird and Mr. Banks." "Coven House" was given a staged reading at Chicago Dramatists in October 2005.
Nonfiction.
Smith's postsecondary English grammar textbook/workbook, "Understanding English: How Sentences Work," was published by South-Western/ITC in 1991. His essays include "Fantasy in the Silent Cinema" and "A Critical Appreciation of John Milius's "Conan the Barbarian.""

</doc>
<doc id="20613200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613200" title="Daley Blind">
Daley Blind

Daley Blind (born 9 March 1990 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional football player, currently playing as defensive midfielder or left back for Eredivisie side AFC Ajax, and the Dutch national team.
Career.
AFC Ajax.
Blind began his career in the youth academy of his hometown club, AFC Ajax; the same club where his father Danny made his name as a professional. Daley is a product of the Ajax youth system and, while officially still a B-junior, he became a mainstay in the A-juniors during the 2007–08 season. before earning promotion to the Ajax first team for the 2008–09 season. He signed his first professional contract at age seventeen tying him to the club until 1 July 2010.
On 7 December 2008, Blind made his debut in the Ajax first team in the away match against FC Volendam. Blind made an immediate impact when he forced a cornerkick through a Volendam defender, from which Jan Vertonghen scored the winning goal for Ajax.
On 19 December 2008, he signed a contract extension keeping him with Ajax until 30 June 2013
On 5 January 2010 he joined FC Groningen on loan for the remainder of the 2009–10 season, during the Winter transer window.
The following two seasons saw Daley Blind contribute to two Eredivisie national championships with Ajax, for the 2010–11 season, and the 2011–12 season, the first of which would be Ajax 30th all time championship title. Under newly appointed manager Frank de Boer, Daley would be given more and more trust and playing time, earning him the place as the first choice Left back with a permanent starting position during the 2012–13 season.
On 23 April 2013 it was announced by Marc Overmars, that Ajax and Daley Blind had reached an agreement to extend his contract for three years, binding him to the club until the summer of 2016.
On 5 May 2013 Daley Blind contributed to Ajax third Dutch Eredivisie title in a row, marking the clubs 32nd national title, helping to defeat Willem II 5–0 at home, and securing the top position on the table just one match day from seasons end. Later that day it was announced that Daley Blind had been declared AFC Ajax Player of the Year for the 2012/13 season, after playing an outstanding fifth year for Ajax, from the starting Left back position.
During the 2013-2014 season Blind was played as a holding central midfielder.
International career.
Blind was called up to the U-17 squad for 2007 European Championships. After missing out the opening match through suspension, he scored a brace against Iceland in the second match but picked up an ankle injury in that match that ended his participation in the remainder of the tournament. He was called up to the U-21's for several 2011 European Championship qualifiers but did not leave the bench. On 13 October he made his first appearance in the campaign, coming on as a substitute for Ajax teammate Siem de Jong in a 4–0 win away at Poland.
Having had previous call-ups, Daley Blind made his debut for the Netherlands national team on 6 February 2013, in the starting Left back position, against Italy in a friendly encounter at the Amsterdam Arena. The match ended in a 1–1 draw, with Daley Blind playing the full 90' minutes of the game.
Personal life.
He is the son of former Ajax defender Danny Blind.
Career statistics.
Club performance.
1 Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League matches.
2 Includes Johan Cruijff Shield and Play-off matches.
Honours.
Club.
Ajax

</doc>
<doc id="20613201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613201" title="Eric Orie">
Eric Orie

Eric Alexander Orie (born January 25, 1968 in Utrecht) is a Dutch football manager.
Career.
Orie played 129 games in his professional career and scored 11 goals in Austria, Italy and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20613205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613205" title="Parasakthi">
Parasakthi

Parasakthi is a Tamil term that means Goddess. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20613234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613234" title="Rights and Resources Initiative">
Rights and Resources Initiative

The Rights and Resources Initiative (RRI) is a non-governmental organization working to encourage forest tenure and policy reforms and the transformation of the forest economy so that business reflects local development agendas and supports local livelihoods. RRI works at the country, regional and global levels, collaborating on research, advocacy and convening strategic actors.
The RRI Coalition is formed by a group of core partners who work in areas of their regional and thematic expertise. Partners also engage with a wide group of Collaborators who participate in and support RRI activities. The Initiative's 13 partners and 140 plus collaborator organizations are directly engaged in land and forest policy reforms in close to 20 countries throughout Africa, Asia, and Latin America. Together, they are working to encourage greater global commitment and action on pro-poor tenure, policy and market reforms.
This strategic coalition goes beyond the traditional set of international development actors to involve a wide spectrum of organizations, each of which provides a critical perspective in the larger chain of actors necessary to advance change.
The Rights and Resources Initiative was formally established in 2005 by the Coordinating Association of Indigenous and Community Agroforestry in Central America (ACICAFOC), the Center for International Forestry Research (CIFOR), Forest Trends, Foundation for People and Community Development Papua New Guinea (FPCD), the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), and RECOFTC - The Center for People and Forests. In 2006, the Forest Peoples Programme, Intercooperation, and the World Agroforestry Centre joined as RRI Partners. Civic Response joined in 2007, Federation of Community Forest Users Nepal (FECOFUN) joined in 2008, and the Samdhana Institute joined in January 2009. In late 2010, the Indigenous Peoples' International Centre for Policy Research and Education (Tebtebba) joined, followed by International Forestry Resources and Institutions (IFRI), the Salvadoran Research Program on Development and Environment (PRISMA), and the Centre for Environment and Development (CED) in 2011. The coalition is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
Mission.
RRI’s Mission is to support local communities’ and indigenous peoples’ struggles against poverty and marginalization by promoting greater global commitment and action towards policy, market and legal reforms that secure their rights to own, control and benefit from natural resources, especially land and forests.
Activities.
RRI pro-actively engages with governments, civil society and community organizations to encourage institutional reforms, advance new understanding of threats and opportunities, encourage innovative and promising new models of forest tenure and enterprise, and catalyze more effective intervention on tenure and governance.
Governance.
The Rights and Resources Initiative is governed by the Board of Directors, which meets three times a year. The Board also receives input on governance of the RRI from regular meetings of the Partners, which often take place simultaneously with meetings of the Board.
The coalition is coordinated and supported by the Rights and Resources Group, a small organization that serves as the coordination mechanism for the Rights and Resources Initiative. Rights and Resources Group is a non-profit 501 c(3)organization located in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="20613246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613246" title="321st Missile Squadron">
321st Missile Squadron

The 321st Missile Squadron (321 MS) is a United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 90th Operations Group, stationed at F.E. Warren AFB, Wyoming. The 321 MS is equipped with the LGM-30G Minuteman III Intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), with a mission of nuclear deterrence. 
History.
World War II.
Activated in spring 1942 as a B-26 Marauder medium bomber squadron. Trained under Third Air Force in southeastern United States. Reassigned to Michigan where squadron received Very Long Range (VLR) B-24D Liberator heavy bombers manufactured by Ford specifically for extended length missions over the Pacific.
Squadron deployed first to Hawaii and trained on the heavy bombers for combat and long over ocean navigation and bombardment missions under Seventh Air Force. Squadron deployed to Fifth Air Force in Southwest Pacific Area (SWPA), assembling in northern Queensland, Australia then moving to operational base in Papua New Guinea. From airfields in New Guinea, the squadron carried out long-range strategic bombardment of enemy targets in New Guinea, Dutch East Indies, Philippine Islands and other areas from bases as ground forces sized them during MacArthur's island hopping campaign. Bombarded enemy targets on Okinawa; Iwo Jima; Formosa and eastern China, eventually being stationed on Ie Shima preparing for VLR bombardment operations over the Japanese Home Isands when the Japanese Capitulation occurred in August 1945. Squadron personnel demobilized in Okinawa and Philippines, aircraft sent to reclamation during fall of 1945. Inactivated as a paper unit in Early 1946. 
Strategic Air Command.
The squadron was active but unmanned from, 1 July 1947-1 September 1948. Brought to operational status under Strategic Air Command in 1951, being equipped with RB-29 Superfortresses at Fairchild AFB, Washington. Moved to Forbes AFB, Kansas shortly afterward and conducted operational training from, 1 June 1951-September 1952, replacement training from, 1 June 1951-1 September 1953, and. SHORAN training from, 10 November 1952-30 Novovember 1953 Replaced the propeller-driven RB-29s with new RB-47E Stratojet swept-wing reconnaissance bombers in 1954, capable of flying at high subsonic speeds and primarily designed for penetrating the airspace of the Soviet Union. Flew many long-range clandestine missions with the RB-47, flying many ferret missions around the periphery of Soviet territory, and sometimes inside on penetration flights to map planned routes for B-52s if combat missions over the Soviet Union ever became necessary. Began performing RB-47 crew training from, c. 1 January 1959-20 June 1960. Began phasing down RB-47 missions in 1959 when the vulnerability of the aircraft to Soviet air defenses became evident, was inactivated on 20 June 1960. 
Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Squadron.
Reactivated on 9 April 1964 as an ICBM squadron assigned to the 90th Missile Wing at Francis E. Warren AFB, Wyoming. Initially equipped with 50 LGM-30B Minuteman Is in early 1964. Upgraded to LGM-30G Minuteman III in 1973/1974, has maintained ICBMs on alert ever since. Its current commander is Lt Col Matthew Dillow. 

</doc>
<doc id="20613254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613254" title="Johann Karl Simon Morgenstern">
Johann Karl Simon Morgenstern

Johann Karl Simon Morgenstern ( – ) was a German-born Livonian philologist, the first director of the library of the Imperial University of Dorpat. He coined the term "Bildungsroman".
Biography.
Morgenstern was born in Magdeburg. He studied at the University of Halle under Johann August Eberhard in philosophy and Friedrich August Wolf in philology.
In 1802 he moved to Dorpat in Livonia, Russian Empire (now Tartu, Estonia) where he would spend the rest of his life. He held the chair for rhetoric, classical philology, aesthetics, and history of art and literature at the newly refounded University of Dorpat and was the first director of its library.
The character of his work changed in Dorpat. He discontinued his Plato studies and wrote about literature, art, philology, and philosophy. Morgenstern's former teacher Friedrich Wolf was disappointed by this development, and he remarked in 1808 that his student was growing more elegant, vain, and boring with the years. It was in the course of this work that Morgenstern coined ""Bildungsroman"".
Even after his retirement in 1834 Morgenstern stayed in Dorpat. He bequeathed his 12,000-volume library, containing many manuscripts and a good part of the Kant estate, to the university.
Cultural references.
In William Goldman's novel "The Princess Bride" the fictional author S. Morgenstern is almost certainly a nod to Morgenstern's coining of the term "Bildungsroman", as the novel is representative of the genre.

</doc>
<doc id="20613255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613255" title="Interdisciplinary Nursing Quality Research Initiative">
Interdisciplinary Nursing Quality Research Initiative

The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation’s (RWJF) Interdisciplinary Nursing Quality Research Initiative (INQRI) is a $19 million program to generate and disseminate research showing a link between what nurses do and the contributions they make to advancing better and safer care for patients.
Program Leadership.
INQRI supports interdisciplinary teams of nurse scholars and scholars from other disciplines to develop, test and validate new quality measures that capture nurses’ contributions to patient outcomes–including care coordination, pain management and medication management. The program is led by Mary Naylor, a nurse and health services researcher, and Mark Pauly, a health care economist, both at the University of Pennsylvania, in partnership with Lori Melichar and colleagues at the RWJF.
INQRI's Research.
Since 2006, INQRI grantees have conducted research into a range of important health care areas, with research teams from institutions around the country examining ways to stem preventable medical errors, improve how we measure quality and provide better care to people with chronic illnesses, among other areas. For example, a study at Johns Hopkins Hospital has identified a series of best practices that nursing are leading to minimize deadly blood-stream infections. INQRI teams will share their research with policymakers, hospital administrators and others who determine how nursing resources will be distributed to improve the quality and outcomes of patient care.

</doc>
<doc id="20613257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613257" title="Benoît Costaz">
Benoît Costaz

Benoît, baron Costaz (27 February 1761, Champagne-en-Valromey - 13 March 1842, Paris) was a French bishop.
Entering holy orders before 1789, he refused to swear to the Civil Constitution of the Clergy and took refuge in Savoy, Switzerland then Turin. He was removed from the list of émigrés in 1800 and on his return to Paris and the Concordat of 1802 was made curé of the Église de la Madeleine, then bishop of Nancy on 22 October 1810, by imperial decree, holding the bishopric until the Bourbon Restoration in 1814.
Baron de l'Empire and chevalier de la Légion d'honneur, Monseigneur Costaz is buried at the Père Lachaise cemetery.
His brother was baron Louis Costaz.

</doc>
<doc id="20613259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613259" title="Ivano Bertini">
Ivano Bertini

Ivano Bertini (born April, 1968, in Milan, Italy) is an Italian astronomer.
He got the Master degree in Astronomy at the University of Padua in 2001, discussing a thesis about the discovery, astrometry, and photometry of asteroids with the Wide Angle Camera of the OSIRIS two-camera system instrument on board the European Space Agency's Rosetta mission. He obtained the PhD title of Doctor in Space Science and Technologies at the University of Padua in 2005. The thesis regarded “A new model of cometary dust and the Wide Angle Camera of the Rosetta Mission”. After post-docs in Switzerland, Spain, and Italy, he is now working at the Center of Studies and Activities for Space (CISAS) 'G. Colombo' of the University of Padua, Italy. His main research field is the observational study and theoretical modelling of the dust environment in comets. Asteroid 95008 Ivanobertini is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20613264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613264" title="Heimo Kump">
Heimo Kump

Heimo Kump (born April 1, 1968) is an Austrian football manager currently managing DSV Leoben.

</doc>
<doc id="20613266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613266" title="George al-Nghayweh military base">
George al-Nghayweh military base

George al-Nghayweh military base ( "Thouknat George al-Nghayweh") is a Lebanese Army base under the jurisdiction of the North regional command (Bahjat Ghanem military base). Founded on October 16, 1992, the military base was named after Commando George al-Nhgayweh and is located in Andqit, North Governorate.
Mission.
The mission of the military base includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20613267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613267" title="Newtown Hardware House">
Newtown Hardware House

Newtown Hardware House is an independently owned hardware store located at 106 S. State Street, Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
History.
The Newtown Hardware House was built in 1869 by Cyrus Hillborn and Harrison C. Worstall at 106-108 South State Street. 108 South State Street was a hardware store operated by Hillborn and Worstall, and 106 South State Street was a dry goods store operated by George E. Dolton. Mr. Dolton sold his side to George H. McMaster in 1908. When McMaster died in 1927, both sides of the store were taken over by H.C. Worstall, and later bought out by John J. Burns. When Burns died in 1955, Robert M. Davis bought the business and operated it until 1985, when it was taken over by C. David Callahan. In 2012, C. David Callahan sold the business to William Newell of Newtown and remained on as a part-time employee. 
The Newtown Hardware House was destroyed by fire on March 4, 1899. The fire was one of the worst in Newtown's history. It is thought burglars set the building on fire. The building was rebuilt to the exact specifications of the original building and was reopened by Christmas of the same year and is still in operation. Today, when looking at the rear wall, lower left(Northern) portion of the structure, a distinct brick line exists that outlines surviving brickwork dating before 1899. The Newtown Hardware House has been in continuous operation for over 130 years, which ranks as the longest tenure for any single business in Newtown.
Exclusive Brands.
Newtown Hardware House carries such major coating brands as: 

</doc>
<doc id="20613277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613277" title="The Hermitage (La Plata, Maryland)">
The Hermitage (La Plata, Maryland)

The Hermitage is a historic home located at La Plata, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story, three bay frame dwelling with a dormered gable roof. The home was built about 1847 in the Federal style, and has a pair of brick, exterior chimneys at one end and a deep wraparound veranda on Tuscan columns. It was built by Major George W. Matthews, a farmer and attorney, whose descendents, beginning in 1870 and continuing through the 1940s, promoted the founding and development of La Plata and the relocation of the seat of Charles County government there from Port Tobacco. 
The Hermitage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20613290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613290" title="Richard E. Turley, Jr.">
Richard E. Turley, Jr.

Richard Eyring "Rick" Turley, Jr. (born February 18, 1956) is an American historian and genealogist, and the Assistant Church Historian of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Biography.
Turley was born in Fort Worth, Texas, to Richard and Betty Jean Nickle Turley. His father, a nuclear engineer, scientist and professor, would later become a mission president and general authority of the LDS Church. 
Turley attended high school in Salt Lake City, Utah, when he met Shirley Swensen. They would later marry in the Salt Lake Temple and have six children. Turley aspired to be a lawyer, by his father's urging, and an Institute of Religion teacher, by his deep personal interest in LDS Church history. From 1975–77, Turley served as an LDS missionary to the Japan Tokyo Mission.
Back home, Turley studied at Brigham Young University (BYU) as a Spencer W. Kimball Scholar, receiving a B. A. in English in 1982. Then, at BYU's J. Reuben Clark Law School, he was editor of the law review and elected to the Order of the Coif. Upon graduation in April 1985, Turley received the Hugh B. Brown Barrister's Award for top classroom performance.
Church employment.
After passing the Utah State Bar examination, Turley practiced law briefly before being hired by the LDS Church in January 1986. He was appointed Assistant Managing Director of the Historical Department, to replace the retiring Earl Olson.
At this time, the department was already heavily involved in the investigation of Mark Hofmann, the historical documents forger who attempted to hide his fraud by murder during the previous October. Turley's legal training helped the department which had examined and acquired several Hoffman forgeries (though some argued it was to hide their controversy).
Watching the case unfold in the press and in books, Turley felt misconceptions lingered from the media frenzy. To tell the story from the perspectives of the murder victims and the LDS Church (which Turley believed had been misrepresented) he published "Victims: The LDS Church and the Mark Hofmann Case" in 1992 through the University of Illinois Press. Though he wrote the book without church direction, his trusted position granted him church leaders' support and access to interviews, diaries, journals, memoranda, and other records.
Expanded role.
Turley was appointed Managing Director of the Historical Department in 1989, and in 1996 he also became Managing Director of the Family History Department. In 2000, the two departments merged into the Family and Church History Department, over which Turley remained as Managing Director.
In these roles, Turley oversaw the Church Archives, the Church History Library, and the Museum of Church History and Art, the Family History Library, the FamilySearch Center, the Granite Mountain Records Vault, and over 4,000 branch family history centers. These comprise one of the largest collections of Mormon history, western history, and genealogy in the world. As a person of authority in LDS history and past defender of the church in the Hofmann controversy, Turley later became one of three official LDS Church respondents to a popular 2003 book critical of Mormonism, "Under the Banner of Heaven" by Jon Krakauer.
Digital projects.
In the department, Turley managed several notable electronic projects. FamilySearch, a massive genealogical database website, was launched in 1999. Other records were also released on CD-ROM, including the "Freedman’s Bank" (of African-American records), the "Mormon Immigration Index", "European Vital Records Indexes", and 1880s censuses, including the "1881 British Census", which won the Besterman/McColvin Award from the Library Association of Great Britain. For these efforts, and restoring several LDS historic sites, Turley received the Historic Preservation Medal from the Daughters of the American Revolution in 2004.
In 2002, BYU Press published "Selected Collections From the Archives of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints", which Turley edited. On 74 DVDs, this released numerous important and rare early documents of the church, which some scholars and historians called "the most important event in modern Mormon publishing," and "an achievement of such significance that no praise, no matter how effusive, seems sufficiently laudatory."
Assistant Church Historian.
More changes came to the department after Marlin K. Jensen became Church Historian in 2005. The department again staffed professional researchers, the Joseph Smith Papers Project sharply expanded, and a new Church History Library was announced.
On March 12, 2008, the Family and Church History Department announced it was becoming two departments again: the Family History Department and the Church History Department. In addition, Turley became the Assistant Church Historian, an ecclesiastical position that was unfilled for over 25 years. Steven L. Olsen, the department's Associate Managing Director, took Turley's old position of Managing Director.
Organizations.
Turley has been involved with several genealogical and historical organizations.
Historical philosophy.
In 1992, Turley commented on how Mormon history can affect the faith of LDS Church members:"Some people may wish to base their faith on historical evidence. While historical information can be useful, interesting and can provide insights to individuals, I don't think that it's the sure foundation of faith. The sure foundation of faith is spiritual and not physical. … he more an individual learns about the history of the Church, the greater that individual's understanding will be of the overall picture. Thus, every piece of evidence will be viewed against the total picture. Otherwise, people who do not have much knowledge of Church history may find themselves being tossed to and fro by tidbits from the past."
Publications.
In addition to the following list of publications, Turley has contributed articles to the 1992 "Encyclopedia of Mormonism" and the 2000 "Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History".

</doc>
<doc id="20613292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613292" title="Family Guy (season 5)">
Family Guy (season 5)

"Family Guy" fifth season first aired on the Fox network in eighteen episodes from September 10, 2006 to May 20, 2007 before being released as two DVD box sets and in syndication. It premiered with the episode "Stewie Loves Lois" and finished with "Meet the Quagmires". The series follows the dysfunctional Griffin family—father Peter, mother Lois, daughter Meg, son Chris, baby Stewie and Brian, the family pet, who reside in their hometown of Quahog. The executive producers for the fifth season were David Goodman, Chris Sheridan, Danny Smith and series creator Seth MacFarlane. The showrunner for the fifth season was Goodman.
The season received a mixed reception from critics, who cited a lack of original writing. More positive assessments were that the series saw "no sign of tiring", and had "as many funny moments as ever."
Season five contains some of the series' most acclaimed episodes, including "Barely Legal", "Airport '07" and "No Chris Left Behind". The fifth season won an Annie Award at the 35th Annie Awards for storyboarding and was nominated for three more, including writing and voice acting. It also won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation.
The Volume Five DVD box set was released in Region 1 on September 18, 2007, Region 2 on October 15, 2007 and Region 4 on November 25, 2009. Thirteen of the eighteen episodes are included in the volume. The remaining five episodes of the season were released on the Volume Six DVD box set, released in Region 1 on October 21, 2008, Region 2 on November 10, 2008 and Region 4 on November 25, 2009.
Production.
Production for the fifth season began in 2005, during the airing of the fourth season. The season was executive produced by series regulars David A. Goodman, Seth MacFarlane, Chris Sheridan, and Danny Smith. In addition, Goodman served as showrunner throughout the season.
As production began, Tom Devanney, Kirker Butler, Cherry Chevapravatdumrong, Alec Sulkin, Wellesley Wild,
Patrick Meighan, Danny Smith and future showrunners Mark Hentemann and Steve Callaghan, all stayed on from the previous season. No new writers were hired after the conclusion of the fourth season. Alex Borstein, who serves as the voice of Lois, wrote her last episode, "It Takes a Village Idiot, and I Married One", and regular writers Ken Goin and Gary Janetti, who returned during season eight, left the series before the beginning of the fifth season.
Julius Wu and Brian Iles received their first directing credits this season. Mike Kim, James Purdum, Cyndi Tang, Greg Colton, Pete Michels, Zac Moncrief, John Holmquist and future Blue Harvest director Dominic Polcino all also stayed with the show from the previous season. This season, however, was director Dan Povenmire's last season before leaving the show to create his own series, entitled "Phineas and Ferb", which has since been nominated for three Emmy Awards.
The main cast consisted of Seth MacFarlane (Peter Griffin, Stewie Griffin, Brian Griffin, Quagmire, Tom Tucker), Alex Borstein (Lois Griffin, Loretta Brown, Tricia Takanawa, Barbara Pewterschmidt), Mila Kunis (Meg Griffin), Seth Green (Chris Griffin, Neil Goldman) and Mike Henry (Cleveland Brown, Herbert).
New recurring characters were also introduced in season five. The character of Jillian Fisher, Brian's new dimwitted girlfriend, was introduced in the episode "Whistle While Your Wife Works". She provided an ironic counterpoint to Brian's intellectualism. Her final character personality was designed to be a stereotypical blonde, "a bulimic cheerleader," and "not the brightest bauble on the tree." Her voice would later play upon the bulimic cheerleader element, with actress Drew Barrymore providing the voice of Jillian in eight episodes, five of which would be in season five. Other guest stars who made multiple appearances as recurring characters from previous seasons were Carrie Fisher as Peter's boss, Angela, and Phyllis Diller as Peter's mother. Seth MacFarlane's sister, Rachael MacFarlane, also made her last appearance as Olivia, the child actress, when her character was killed by Stewie in the episode "Chick Cancer".
The season ends just short of the series' 100th episode, which presents the funniest clips of the previous 99 episodes. The decision to end the fifth season before the 100th episode was made due to Fox executives' desire to show the "Family Guy" special "Blue Harvest" as the sixth season premiere, which was still unfinished, at the end of the fifth season in May 2007.
Reception.
The fifth season premiere "Stewie Loves Lois" received a 3.5 rating share in the Nielsen ratings among viewers age 18 to 49, attracting 9.93 million viewers overall, the highest rated episode of the entire season. Both of these figures significantly built upon numbers set by the fourth season finale. In the weeks following "Stewie Loves Lois", viewership ratings hovered just over 8 million. Aside from the premiere, "Hell Comes to Quahog", the third episode for the season, garnered the most viewers thereafter with 9.66 million, a high for the fifth season. While the episode "It Takes a Village Idiot, and I Married One" received the lowest amount of viewers for the season with 7.22 million.
Episodes of the fifth season won several awards, including a Primetime Emmy Award. "No Chris Left Behind", which won for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation, became the third episode of the series to win an Emmy Award, and was awarded to Steven Fonti for his storyboard work in the episode. In addition, that same episode won an Annie Award for Storyboarding in an Animated Television Production. The season was nominated for three other Annie Awards—Character Animation in a Television Production (Eileen Kohlhepp for the series itself), Voice Acting in an Animated Television Production (Mila Kunis for "Barely Legal"), and Writing in an Animated Television Production (Kirker Butler for "Barely Legal").
The Parents Television Council, a frequent critic of "Family Guy", branded "Stewie Loves Lois", "Barely Legal", "No Meals on Wheels", and "Bill and Peter's Bogus Journey" as the "worst show of the week." In response to this criticism, executive producer David Goodman claimed that "Family Guy" is "absolutely for teenagers and adults", and that he does not allow his own children to watch the show.
The season received average reviews from critics. Ahsan Haque of IGN wrote mixed comments about the season, saying, "The ratio of bad to good episodes was not too favorable in this season of "Family Guy". Far too many episodes were either seriously lacking in humor or were just plain poorly written", but added, "While much of the original appeal seems to have washed-off, there are still a few moments from this season that really stand out", listing "Chick Cancer", "Road to Rupert", "Saving Private Brian", and "No Meals on Wheels" as the best episodes of the season. Haque also gave praise to "Blind Ambition", "No Chris Left Behind", "Bill and Peter's Bogus Journey", and "Meet the Quagmires". Manisha Kanetkar of "Smart House", however, felt that the series saw "no sign of tiring" and had "as many funny moments as ever." Nancy Basile of About.com regarded "Airport '07", "Prick Up Your Ears", and "Barely Legal" as "gem episodes." In his review for the "Family Guy" volume five DVD, Francis Rizzo III of DVD Talk said "There are several points to criticize when it comes to this set, including a series that's losing some of its steam and relying on comedic crutches and an oddly constructed episode structure, but in the end, the series is fun to watch, which is all you really ask for from a cartoon sitcom." In a later review, Rizzo added "Is "Family Guy" coasting on it's past successes? It could be argued, as the series doesn't surprise or shock the way it once did, instead doing the things that have worked before and doing them more and larger. The DVD releases are predictable and consistent, with high quality and impressive rafts of bonus material, but if the show doesn't do it for you, that doesn't make much of a difference."
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
DVD release.
The first thirteen episodes of the fifth season were released on DVD by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada on September 18, 2007, four months after they had completed broadcast on television. The "Volume Five" DVD release features bonus material including deleted scenes, animatics, and commentaries for every episode.
The remaining five episodes of the fifth season, along with the first seven of the sixth season, were also released under the title "Volume 6" by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada on October 21, 2008, five months after they had completed broadcast on television. The DVD release also features bonus material including deleted scenes, commentaries, and a 'making of' featurette.

</doc>
<doc id="20613298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613298" title="Web Services Test Forum">
Web Services Test Forum

The Web Services Test Forum (WSTF) provides a framework in which members of the Web Service community can develop interoperability scenarios and test implementations of those scenarios against other implementations. The WSTF does not charge dues and has no central governing authority (i.e. board). The WSTF was patterned by its initial creators (BEA Systems, Fujitsu, IBM, and Oracle) after the SoapBuilders mailing list/community. While its main focus is to test the various Web Service specifications, it also serves as a forum where the entire Web Service community can share ideas and concerns in an open fashion.
Principles.
The WSTF is founded on the following basic principles:
Scenarios.
Unlike other interoperability organizations, the work of the WSTF does not center around individual specifications. Activities are organized around the concept of a "Test Scenario". Scenarios are made up of three parts:
Process.
Once a scenario has been defined, members of the WSTF may implement it using their products or open source projects. They deploy these implementations onto publicly available systems and test interoperability with each other in a crosswise fashion. Problems and issues are discussed on the WSTF mailing lists. The scenario may need to be clarified or re-factored during this process. Once an implementation reaches a certain level of maturity, and the implementers choose to do so, the scenario and its implementations can be made visible outside the WSTF by publishing it. Whether published or not, the endpoints that provide the scenario implementations are expected to be maintained indefinitely. This allows other members of the WSTF to perform regression testing, test new implementations, verify behavior, etc. without requiring the active participation of the implementer.
The WSTF chose to keep most of their work private for a couple of reasons. First, in an entirely public forum the members may not feel as free to bring up sensitive topics. By signing the Participation Agreement, members agree to keep all discussions private to the group - thus allowing for a much more open and honest discussion. Second, the members of the WSTF wanted a "WSTF Published" scenario to mean that it had broad community support. Without a formal "Publish" step in the process it would be hard distinguish scenarios that had the community's support versus ones that were only implemented by one company.
A scenario can be published when it has 5 different implementations and at least two third of those implementor choose to make it public. Only members of the WSTF who put up implementations/endpoints of the scenario are eligible to vote. This restriction was done to ensure that only those who "have skin in the game" are allowed to influence it. For more information on the process see the WSTF's Charter.
Regression Testing of Web service.
Functional and non-functional web service testing is done with the help of WSDL parsing and regression testing is performed by identifying the changes made thereafter. Web service regression testing needs can be categories into three different ways, namely, changes in WSDL, changes in code, and selective re-testing of web service operations. To capture above three changes three intermediate forms of WSDL, namely, Difference WSDL (DWSDL), Unit WSDL (UWSDL), and Reduced WSDL (RWSDL), respectively can be used. These intermediate forms of WSDLs are then combined to form Combined WSDL (CWSDL) which is further used for regression testing of the web service. This will help in Automatic Web Service Change Management (AWSCM), by performing the he selection of the relevant test cases to construct reduced test suite from the old test suite. 
Results.
The WSTF produces the following artifacts:

</doc>
<doc id="20613303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613303" title="So Shush">
So Shush

Although relatively unknown in their own country So Shush are an English alternative rock band who have generated a following in the US having featured coast to coast on numerous FM radio and internet radio playlists. They’re often noted for a distinctive melodic style that draws on sixties pop and progressive rock influences.
In 2011 So Shush featured at number 7 in Neil Young’s Living With War Today video chart [http://www.neilyoung.com/lwwtoday/lwwvideospage.html] with their song ‘We are the ones who say no’. The lyrics were composed from the names of famous protest songs.
References.
So Shush album review by Tasty Fanzine, UK 
[http://www.tastyfanzine.org.uk/albums82jan09.htm#SoShush]
So Shush song review by Milk Milk Lemonade, USA 
[http://milkmilk-lemonade.blogspot.com/2008/12/so-shush.html]
So Shush interview with Junior's Cave Magazine/Radio, USA [http://theinterviewcorner.jcinternetradio.com/blog/2008/12/02/music_interview_so_shush]
So Shush on NeilYoung.com - Living with war today [http://www.neilyoung.com/lwwtoday]
So Shush album review by Groundwaves FM, USA [http://www.groundwaves.fm/news20090202.html]
So Shush in feature Spin Magazine, USA [http://www.spin.com/articles/spin-picks-more-undiscovered-bands-worth-listen]
So Shush review by ExMogul, USA [http://exmogulmusic.blogspot.com/2009/04/so-shush.html]
So Shush interview for Pulp Magazine, Canada [http://www.pulpmag.net/hearingaid/hearingaid09/soshush/sohush-july09.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20613304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613304" title="International Book Project">
International Book Project

The International Book Project (IBP) is a registered 501 (c)(3) not-for-profit organization, founded by Harriet Van Meter in 1966, which has sent more than 5.5 million books abroad. Its mission is to promote education and literacy while broadening Americans' understanding of their neighbors, which it achieves by annually sending more than 150,000 books to schools, libraries, churches, and Peace Corps volunteers in over 40 developing countries. The project is based in Lexington, Kentucky, in a warehouse it has owned since 1983.
History.
Harriet Drury Van Meter visited India in 1965 by invitation of the United States Department of State. While in India, she witnessed long lines of people waiting just to borrow a book to study from. She returned to Kentucky and placed an inquiry in the English-speaking Indian newspaper "The Hindu", offering books. A large number of people responded, so Harriet Van Meter started sending books from her basement. In 1986, Harriet Van Meter was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for her efforts, and she was a finalist.
The International Book Project has sent over 5.8 million books worldwide since 1966.
Mission.
By providing needed quality books to the people of the developing world, the International Book Project seeks:
Activities.
IBP sends books in the following ways:
Volunteer Opportunities.
IBP was started when volunteers started sending books from Mrs. Van Meter's basement, and IBP still needs help. IBP is a small organization, a staff of five, with just two full-time employees. 
Programs.
Books Out.
"Books Out" is a self-service program in which representatives from organizations abroad or in areas of need within the United States come to select books at the IBP warehouse and deliver them personally.
Books as Bridges.
"Books as Bridges" is an international pen-pal program which partners Central Kentucky classrooms with classrooms in developing countries around the world. Through shared artwork and letters of participants, the program encourages students to develop higher reading levels, cultural awareness, and international friendships. By fostering international friendships, Books as Bridges hopes to spark a passion for social change among Central Kentucky youth.
The classrooms in Central Kentucky receive cultural lessons about their partner classrooms. In the developing world, the classrooms receive a box of books as an impetus to continue in the program.
Peace Corps.
IBP often sends books to Peace Corps Volunteers. In 1992, IBP was named "A Partner for Peace" by the US Peace Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="20613315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613315" title="Diffuse alveolar damage">
Diffuse alveolar damage

Diffuse alveolar damage is a histological pattern in lung disease. It is seen in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), transfusion related acute lung injury (TRALI) and acute interstitial pneumonia (AIP).
Prevalence.
It is a common biopsy finding. Through histology, diffuse alveolar damage goes through several stages:
1) Exudative phase - similar to pulmonary edema. The alveoli become flooded with transudate
2) Hyaline membrane production. Hyaline membranes are fibrous structures laid down in order to stop oxygen being absorbed via the damaged alveoli.
3) Organising phase
Etiology.
Diffuse alveolar damage is associated primarily with ARDS and TRALI in adults, and hyaline membrane disease in neonates.
It is most commonly associated with infection.

</doc>
<doc id="20613327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613327" title="DLife">
DLife

dLife is a half hour long American weekly lifestyle television series broadcasting Sundays at 7 PM ET on CNBC. The show, which started airing in 2005, is the first television program dedicated entirely to people living with diabetes and the people who care for them. As of 2013, dLife TV is now available online only and no longer appears on CNBC.
Show format.
"dLife" is anchored by Benno C. Schmidt III, a veteran network and local broadcast journalist and anchor, along with co-host Jim Turner, who both live with diabetes. Looking at diabetes as a lifestyle rather than a disease, "dLife" features a wide variety of segments which inspire and connect the diabetes community. 
Regular segments include the dLife Kitchen, featuring a diabetes-friendly recipe with chef Michel Nischan, and Real People Real Stories, where viewers send in their personal stories about dealing with diabetes. In addition, there are segments discussing advancements in diabetes research, fitness and health and new diabetes products and therapies on the market. "dLife" also regularly has special guests, many of whom are celebrities in sports, politics or entertainment, to come on and discuss how they deal with diabetes.
Celebrity appearances.
Among the guests who have appeared are:

</doc>
<doc id="20613331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613331" title="Bhāruci">
Bhāruci

Bhāruci's commentary (bhashya) on the Manu Smrti, or Laws of Manu, is part of the corpus of Dharmaśāstra texts available to us today. It is the oldest commentary on Manu that we know of, and is one of the sources used by Medhātithi, another major commentator on the Manu Smṛti.
Dating and Historical Context.
Very little is known about the date or historical context in which Bhāruci was writing, but P. V. Kane argues that it cannot have been written after 1050 CE because Vijñāneśvara, the author of the , a famous commentary on the , mentions Bhāruci's commentary in his writing. Viśvarūpa, another commentator on the "", also uses Bhāruci as a source. Patrick Olivelle places Bhāruci in the 8th century CE, while J. Duncan M. Derrett places him between 600-650 CE. There are two known authors named Bhāruci placed in about the same period of time, one who wrote on "Dharmaśāstra" and one who was a jurist, and Kane posits that they were in fact the same person because it is unlikely that there were two famous writers with the same name writing at the same time.
Topics.
The main content of Bhāruci's commentary deals with the duties of a king, particularly regarding whether or not the king can be a source of dharma. Bhāruci's view as discussed by Derrett was that the king did not have any legislative power, but he did have "the power to issue regulations and edicts of a temporary character or for the purpose of facilitating objects already inculcated by the "dharmaśāstra"." Kane agrees, stating that "the king is not the source of the rules of "Dharma", but it is śāstra that defines the rules binding on the different varnas (classes) and ashramas (stages of man's life)."

</doc>
<doc id="20613341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613341" title="Vassady Khotyotha">
Vassady Khotyotha

Vassady Khotyotha is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Attapu Province (Constituency 17) 

</doc>
<doc id="20613345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613345" title="Radio Classica">
Radio Classica

Radio Classica is an Italian radio station operated by Italian publishing company Class Editori, specialising in Classical music. Programming include news and financial reports in collaboration with Class News and Class CNBC.
Radio Classica is broadcast locally in the cities of Milan, Rome, Florence, Turin, Verona, Bari, Palermo, Como and Upper Brianza, Latina, Lecco and Genoa.

</doc>
<doc id="20613355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613355" title="Locust Grove (La Plata, Maryland)">
Locust Grove (La Plata, Maryland)

Locust Grove, also known as Beech Neck, is a historic home located at La Plata, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story, three bay Federal style frame house, with a fine view of the Port Tobacco Valley. The original section of the house was built prior to 1750, with a significant expansion occurring about 1825. 
Locust Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20613369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613369" title="African Swimming Championships">
African Swimming Championships

African Swimming Championships are the African championships in the sport of Swimming. It is organised by the African Swimming Confederation (CANA) and held biennially. 
The most recent edition of the Championships was held in September 2012 in Nairobi, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20613370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613370" title="Natalia Sánchez (actress)">
Natalia Sánchez (actress)

Natalia Sánchez Molina (born March 27, 1990, in Madrid) is a Spanish actress, singer, and model, who is best known of portraying María Teresa "Teté" Capdevila on hit television "Los Serrano".
Career.
Modeling.
In 2004, Sánchez filmed a television commercial for El Corte Inglés with the rest of the main actors of "Los Serrano".
Private life.
Sánchez has one older sister, named Sandra.
Fluent in her native Spanish, Sánchez can also speak English and French. She loves tennis and skiing, and she was seen at the 2008 Madrid Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="20613386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613386" title="2008 African Swimming Championships">
2008 African Swimming Championships

The 9th African Swimming Championships were held at Ellis Park, Johannesburg, South Africa from December 1-7, 2008. 
Participants.
Swimmers from 18 countries competed at the 2008 African Swimming Championships:<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="20613397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613397" title="Family Guy (season 6)">
Family Guy (season 6)

"Family Guy" sixth season first aired on September 23, 2007 on Fox and ended on May 4, 2008. The season includes 12 episodes and was shortened due to creator Seth MacFarlane's participation in the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, which resulted in Fox airing episodes without MacFarlane doing the final work. The episode "Lois Kills Stewie" was the last episode completed before the strike. When the strike ended in February 2008, Fox had already aired three episodes without any input from MacFarlane.
Episodes 2-8 of the sixth season are included on the Volume 6 DVD, which was released on October 21, 2008, and episodes 9-12 are included on the Volume 7 DVD, which was released on June 16, 2009. The season aired in the UK from May 4, 2008 - June 15, 2008 on BBC Three.
Production.
In November 2007, "Variety" reported that creator Seth MacFarlane had joined the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike and refused to complete more "Family Guy" episodes. A spokesperson for Fox said: "Our hope is that he returns to work and completes his non-writing obligations on those episodes". "IGN" reported that Fox would air three episodes of "Family Guy" without MacFarlane doing the final work. MacFarlane noted that Fox could legally do that, but thought it was a "colossal dick move", and said that "They've never done anything like this before [...] It's really going to be unfortunate and damaging to our relationship if they do it."
Fox aired two new episodes during November 2007. The production of the episodes started but was not completed before the strike. "Padre de Familia" was the first episode of these two episodes to air. The strike ended on February 12, 2008 and the series resumed airing regularly.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20613409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613409" title="Richard Thornton">
Richard Thornton

Richard Thornton was an English millionaire. He was born on 20 September 1776 and died on 20 June 1865 in Merton, Surrey. He is buried at West Norwood Cemetery in London. On his death, Richard Thornton left an estate of £2,800,000, which is the largest fortune to have been valued for probate in Great Britain before 1870. Richard Thornton was a merchant and trader, notably in Baltic goods. He was also a Liveryman of the Leathersellers' Company (a Livery Company of the City of London), of which he became Master in 1836. He personally funded the new almshouses built for the Leathersellers' Company at Barnet, where his bust (by Thomas Earle) is still preserved and a nearby road is named Thornton Road in his honour. The Leathersellers' Company also has a portrait of Thornton painted in 1838 by Frederick Yeates Hurlstone.
Background.
Richard Thornton was born in Burton-in-Lonsdale, North Yorkshire. He later funded a primary school and a church building in the village. He was educated at Christ's Hospital, Newgate Street, London from 1785 to 1791. He became a Donation Governor of Christ's Hospital in 1833. Christ's Hospital – an English boarding school - is now located at Horsham in Sussex.
Wealth and obscurity.
Richard Thornton's wealth was remarkable. At his death in 1865, his estate of £2.8m was one of the largest ever recorded. That figure equalled .35% of the net national income of the day, or £3.9bn in 2007 terms, which makes him the 165 richest Briton since 1066. Yet, as the eminent historian W G Hoskins noted in his article for the magazine History Today, his name means nothing today, even though in his lifetime his wealth rivalled that of the Rothschilds and the Barings.
Profiting from the Baltic blockade.
Richard Thornton made part of his fortune as an indirect result of Napoleon's fatal and failed invasion of Russia. During this campaign the French army was stationed at Danzig from where it guarded every Baltic port. The Danish were strong supporters of Napoleon and their hostility to English trade was considerable: captains of Danish ships were threatened with death should they engage in any form of commerce with England. This made valuable and essential Baltic trade difficult and dangerous for English merchant ships. 
In response Richard Thornton armed one of his own merchant ships, fought off a hostile Danish gunboat, and landed in the Baltic under an assumed German name. In the process he secured essential supplies of Baltic hemp for the Royal Navy at considerable profit to himself. 
Richard Thornton's lucrative Baltic trade continued and two years later, in 1812, his brother Laurence was in the port of Memel, now known as Klaipėda, when he heard of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow. He got word back to Richard in London so speedily that it was three days before the news reached any one else in the city, including members of the British Government. Realizing this, Richard Thornton went quickly about the city obtaining signatures on contracts for the forward delivery of Baltic goods. Since the contract prices were inflated by the blockade which had now been removed, his already sizable profits became significantly greater. 
Richard Thornton's activities in the Baltic earned him the nickname “The Duke of Danzig”.
On 12 June 1827, Richard Thornton sold the paddle steamer "Quentin Durward" to 
Kaptajnløtnant Lauritz Christensen, Copenhagen, who renamed her “Dania”. Since
he first used her on pleasure tours on the Sound, this makes her the first ever private steam yacht. 

</doc>
<doc id="20613412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613412" title="Nina Gopova">
Nina Gopova

Nina Yuryevna Gopova-Trofimova (; born 4 May 1953) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won two medals in the K-2 500 m event with a gold in 1976 and a silver in 1980.
Gopova also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-1 500 m and K-4 500 m: both 1973) and three silvers (K-1 500 m: 1974, K-2 500 m: 1973, K-4 500 m: 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20613439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613439" title="Vauxhall (Merseyside) railway station">
Vauxhall (Merseyside) railway station

Vauxhall is a proposed new railway station in the Vauxhall area of Liverpool, Merseyside, England. 

</doc>
<doc id="20613450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613450" title="Two Tongues (album)">
Two Tongues (album)

Two Tongues is the first studio album by the supergroup Two Tongues, released on February 3, 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="20613452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613452" title="Oak Grove (La Plata, Maryland)">
Oak Grove (La Plata, Maryland)

Oak Grove is a historic home located at La Plata, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It was built in the early Federal style about 1800, and is a one story, two part brick house of Flemish bond masonry. Two outbuildings date from the 19th century: a small frame dependency built about 1830, and a small corncrib with flanking sheds. Believed to be contemporary in age with the house, it was extensively renovated and partially rebuilt at various times in the 19th and early 20th centuries. The property was originally part of Green's Inheritance. 
Oak Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20613453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613453" title="Somvang Thammasit">
Somvang Thammasit

Dr. Somvang Thipaseuth is a Laotian politician and former army colonel. He is a Tier 2 Agent and member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Attapu Province (Constituency 17) 

</doc>
<doc id="20613455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613455" title="YRC">
YRC

YRC could mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20613462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613462" title="Bounnan Bounyaseng">
Bounnan Bounyaseng

Bounnan Bounyaseng is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Attapu Province (Constituency 17) 

</doc>
<doc id="20613470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613470" title="Cult of Static">
Cult of Static

Cult of Static is the sixth and final studio album by industrial metal band Static-X, and was released on March 17, 2009. The album's first single "Stingwray" was released and made available on the band's MySpace page on February 17, 2009. The title is a reference to the die-hard fans who have supported the band for so long.
Album information.
Though "Lunatic" was the first single for the album, the song previously was released on the . The song is based partially on a warrior, similar to the Punisher character, and was re-recorded for the album to feature a guitar solo by Megadeth leader Dave Mustaine. The album was produced by John Travis, who also produced Static-X's previous album "Cannibal".
"Cult of Static" continues the band's use of guitar solos and the songs feature more samples and electronic sounds than the previous album, "Cannibal". "Stingwray" is available on iTunes and on Static-X's Myspace. This is also the first Static-X album without a title track, and the second not to have one of the 'Otsego' songs on it.
Reception.
The album debuted at #16 on the Billboard Top 200 chart and sold 19,000 copies in the United States in its first week, making it the band's highest charting album since 2001's "Machine" and the album received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
Track listing.
All songs written by Wayne Static, except where noted.
Bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="20613486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613486" title="Helmut Köglberger">
Helmut Köglberger

Helmut Köglberger (born January 12, 1946) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently managing ASKÖ Pregarten. His father was an African-American soldier and his mother a white Austrian.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20613488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613488" title="Yevrabmol">
Yevrabmol

"Yevrabmol" (a Russian acronym for "Jewish Working Youth, sometimes spelled Evrabmol) was an experimental trade school that operated in Odessa (now in Ukraine) from 1921 to 1937. Its official title was the First Club (House) of Working Jewish Youth.
The school was a communal technical school that became a home for children and youths who were orphaned during the turbulent times of World War I, pogroms, the Russian revolution and the Russian Civil War. The children were not only educated and given a home but were also taught a trade. The school owned some land in the outskirts of Odessa and a factory. The students worked on the land and in the factory to produce marketable products to make the school financially self-sufficient. The students and most of the teachers lived, studied and worked in two large buildings in a middle of downtown Odessa.
Moisei B. Bernstein was the founder and first director of the school. The school principles were impressed by then new Dalton Plan and implemented it adjusting it to their learning environment. The students were taught languages, history, Jewish history, geography, mathematics and a variety of other subjects. Some of the teachers who played a major role in the school's development were Eneta S. Gliksberg who taught Russian language and literature and Yakov M. Plikh who taught languages and history.

</doc>
<doc id="20613498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613498" title="1952 Rose Bowl">
1952 Rose Bowl

The 1952 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1952 at the end of the 1951 college football season. It was the 38th Rose Bowl Game. It holds the distinction of being the first nationally televised college football game
Stanford led 7 to 6 on a Harry Hugasian touchdown until late in the third quarter. Illinois then scored 34 consecutive points including 27 points in the 4th quarter to defeat Stanford 40 to 7. Illinois running back Bill Tate rushed for 150 yards and 2 touchdowns leading Illinois to 434 yards of total offense. All-American Johnny Karas rushed for 58 yards and a touchdown for Illinois. It was the second Rose Bowl win for Illinois coach Ray Eliot. Stanford coach Chuck Taylor became the first man to ever be both a player and coach in the Rose Bowl, having played as one of Stanford's undefeated Wow Boys in the 1941 Rose Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20613518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613518" title="A Merry Mirthworm Christmas">
A Merry Mirthworm Christmas

A Merry Mirthworm Christmas is an animated television special, produced by Perennial Pictures. It premiered on the Showtime Cable Network in 1984. The film features a cast of Mirthworms which are described as cuddly litter critters about two inches long, who live in the tiny town of Wormingham. Mirthworms tend to use proper nouns that play on the word "worm" to describe things. For example the characters live in the town of Wormingham, the protagonist is named Burt Worm, and the antagonist is named Wormaline Wiggler. The special was broadcast in the UK on BBC One on Monday 28 December 1987.
Plot.
Burt Worm has just moved into the town of Wormingham. Excited for the Christmas season he is invited by his neighbor, Crystal, to assist in decorating the Town Hall. Due to his clumsiness chaos is caused in the Town Hall, and holiday decorations are knocked over and broken. Burt is asked by chairworm Wormaline Wiggler to leave immediately. Which he does.
Burt proceeds to sing a song about how he is so lonely, and just wanted to make some friends. He writes a note and leaves. Soon after his disappearance Crystal asks where Burt is, and is told that Wormaline asked him to leave. The mayor shows up shortly after, and is upset with Wormaline for asking Burt to leave, stating that Christmas is for everyone, the mayor threatens to remove Wormaline from her position as chairworm. With this threat in mind Wormaline organizes a search party for Burt worm.
The search proceeds, but the weather gets so bad that the Mirthworms have no choice but to return to Wormingham. Upon arrival at Town Hall many of the Mirthworms express how sad they are that Burt has left, stating that they really liked him. As the Mirthworms are moping about Burt walks up to them asking why they are so sad, they state that it is because they fear the worst for Burt (not realizing that it was he who asked them). When they realize that Burt is there, they are surprised and happy. Burt explains that it got so cold that he decided to come back to the Town Hall and fell asleep.
Under pressure from the mayor Wormaline apologizes to Burt for asking him to leave. Then Crystal announces how Burt can contribute to the Christmas celebration, he has an excellent singing voice. Burt proceeds to sing "Deck the Halls", and "I Wish You a Merry Christmas" (a modified version of "We Wish You a Merry Christmas").
Plot.
Wormingham going to have masquerade ball, Bert want to ask Crystal to be his date on the ball, Wormaline want to have Bert to dressed like Prince Pringle and Crystal get a heartbroken, when Bert is with Wormaline, will Bert want to get Crystal to the ball before late. Later the real Prince Pringle appears and Crystal become Queen of Masquerade ball and she kiss Bert on his cheek.
Plot.
Crystal have a stage fright and thought at she is perfect to play Sleeping Beauty, but Wormaline Wiggler want to play Sleepy Beauty herself, will Crystal comeover stage fright with help of her boyfriend Bert and her Worm friends, and show must go on or Wormaline destroy everything or Sleeping Beauty to be a comedy play.
Mirthworms Characters.
Bert Worm – Bert is one of the main characters on Mirthworm and he is green. He is little clumsy and good guy, in Mirthworm Christmas was he new in Wormingham. He has a crush on Crystal. He has a great singing voice.
Crystal Crawler – Crystal is one of the main characters on Mirthworm and she is purple and wearning a pink cape. She is very gentle and wise. She has a crush on Bert. On Mirthworm on Stage has she the great fear on stage but come over her fear. Mirthworm Masqurade are she very good make costumes. In A Merry Mirthworm Christmas when Bert leave Wormingham at she was sad and cares for Bert and fall in love with him, later she was happy to see Bert is back to Wormingham.
Wormaline Wiggler – Wormaline is an antagonist. She has a big ego.
Teddy Toddlers – Teddy is clumsy assistant of Wormaline Wigger, sometimes he get trouble and get a smash of Wormaline
Wilbur Diggs – Wilbur is old man, with gentle heart, he gives Crystal or Burt with good advice. He has a huge arguments with Wormaline Wiggler.
Eulalia Inch – Eulalia is old woman.
Baggs – Baggs is very gentle guy and helpful.
Agnees Bagly – Agnees is helpful lady and her son is Dribble.
Dribble Bagly – Dribble is son of Agness.
Mayor Filmore Q – Filmore Q is the mayor of Wormingham.
Pettiworm -
Eudora Vanderworm – She loves Christmas but hates cats! and has a horrible sing voice in Mirthworm Christmas.
Prince Pringle – He is like Bert Worm, he appears only in Mirthworm Masquerade.
Homer -
Armbruster –
Brooks (Townsworm) –
Chester (Townsworm) –
Arnold (Townsworm) –
Availability.
All three cartoons have been individually released on VHS in America by Family Home Entertainment, whilst only A Merry Mirthworm Christmas and A Mirthworm Masquerade have been the only two films released in the UK on VHS by Castle Vision, whilst the Christmas Special was also given a separate VHS release twice. In 2006, both A Merry Mirthworm Christmas and A Mirthworm Masquerade were released on DVD in Australia by MRA Entertainment whilst in the UK, A Merry Mirthworm Christmas was featured on a promotional Christmas DVD released by the Daily Mail, accompanied with the cartoon, The Glofriends Save Christmas. In 2007, both A Merry Mirthworm Christmas and Mirthworms on Stage were released for Digital Download for by GoDigital, it's yet unknown if all three films will be released on DVD in the US and UK.
References.
Fictional worms

</doc>
<doc id="20613522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613522" title="Galina Kreft">
Galina Kreft

Galina Sergeyevna Kreft-Alekseyeva (; 14 March 1950 – 24 February 2005) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won two medals in the K-2 500 m event with a gold in 1976 and a silver in 1980.
Kreft also won seven silver medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two in the K-1 500 m (1975, 1979), one in the K-2 500 m (1975), and four in the K-4 500 m events (1974, 1975, 1979, 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20613543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613543" title="Tuzoia">
Tuzoia

Tuzoia is a large bivalved arthropod known from the Burgess Shale, British Columbia, and Kaili (Guizhou, China). This arthropod reached lengths of 180 mm long. There are currently 7 valid species recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="20613546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613546" title="Vermelho Velho">
Vermelho Velho

Vermelho Velho is a village situated in Brazilian municipality of Raul Soares, State of Minas Gerais, in Brazil.
History.
Vermelho Velho, district of Raul Soares, is located east of Minas Gerais, which in turn is located within the Southeast Region. Its name means in English Ancient Red. Vermelho is 25 km from Raul Soares and 25 km of Bom Jesus do Galho and has more or less 150 years. The climate is very pleasant. He received this name, according to what people say old, because when it began to be populated, people broke through the ground and saw that the earth was red color and also because of the stream that was also red. The dwelling was with the arrival of people from other places, from then on the population grew. The forest vegetation was (full of poultry). There was no planting. Today there are many plantations. The means of transport was done by troops of animals (it was composed of ten animals, one for the guide) and car ox. In 1916 came the Railway Network in Raul Soares and in 1930 has spread our district record. From then on it was progressing, and today we can count on the highway that connects the Caratinga to Raul Soares, BR 116, which passes within Velho. The river Vermelho (Red River) which is within Vermelho Velho (Old Red) is called Vermelho Little river source in the head and has Novo (New) to Vermelho River and ends in Matipó. Previously there was Coronelismo (generally obeyed the law is that they impose). Then there were changes in policy, creating 'two political parties the UDN (National Democratic Union) and the PSD (Social Democratic Party), there is much rivalry. Today, however, it was very democratic politically.
Vermelho Velho people with big highlights, with three of them were mayors of our city as Carlito Ferreira Brandão, Dr. Zeferino Pires and José Macário Light Two of them lived on Vermelho Velho: Carlito and José Macário.As streets formerly had names like Right Street, Pongó and shingle. Today, however, there are several streets with names full diferentes.A then predominant religion was Roman Catholicism, appearing in 1932, the Protestantism (Presbiterian). The Catholic church was made of cattail and nails and only in 1947 that cut it into a new building in the same lugar.A agriculture was varied: rice, maize, coffee, cassava and sugar cane. Since today the largest source of economy is the coffee. These products are grown and exported. There was a big growth in agriculture, so we had to build a warehouse to make the deposit of cereals. This store had the name Castro Mendes and Cia, they bought and exported to other places, using as a means to transport the iron rail. The transport of grain to the warehouse was made by troops and car boi. In ancient times in cultural terms, we could count on: cinema, theater and music of two bands (Francisco Manoel Martins and Abraão).
So today, I found that there was a coming back.O trade was much better than today, there were several shops (José Turquinho, Querino Leôncio da Luz, José Nogueira, Joaquim Alves de Souza etc) with an abundant stock and broad moviments.A from 1980 appeared in the registry Vermelho Velho, where there is a wedding ceremony and records are children. A livestock was not much emphasis as it is now much used: bovine, horse.O water supply was made in a precarious , ie, water was removed from tanks. Currently, we have a reasonable supply. The sewage treatment was poor, today we can count on this benefício.A lighting was so poor, was done by kerosene lamps and with no lighting on the streets. It was the hydroelectric power plant of Joaquim Alves de Souza, later, from Raul Soares, strength and light to just come to CEMIG (Central Energética de Minas Gerais), with perfect lighting. From the beginning there was a football and rivalry, but in this day and age this rivalry has increased due to growth in population and the popularization of esporte.About literacy, we can see that in the past, only obtained knowledge of school children or wealthy people they could pay their studies. While the middle class still in illiteracy (which reflects in our society today). Today there are schools for all students seeking transport and living more distant. Existed as a means of communication the post. Today we have a telephone, tune some of the main television channels and several radio. When the patient was, the treatment was done through herbs, today we have a health center that marks the consultations for the population in addition to providing assistance to vaccination. Looking at the visual aspect of Vermelho Velho, we can see that improvements were on the football field, the road to the school, the structure of the houses and the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20613556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613556" title="Fludd (novel)">
Fludd (novel)

Fludd is a novel by Hilary Mantel. First published by Viking Press in 1989, it won the Winifred Holtby Memorial Prize that year.
The novel is set in 1956, in Fetherhoughton, a fictional town somewhere on the moors of northern England. It centres on the convent and Roman Catholic church in the dreary isolated town and concerns the dramatic impact of the mysterious Fludd, who is apparently a curate sent by the bishop to assist Father Angwin, a priest who continues in his role despite privately having lost his faith.

</doc>
<doc id="20613564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613564" title="Pleated Christmas hearts">
Pleated Christmas hearts

Pleated Christmas hearts () are a Danish and north German Christmas tree ornament.
The exact age and origin of the tradition of making paper hearts is unknown, but the oldest known pleated Christmas hearts were made by the Danish author Hans Christian Andersen in 1860. However, as Andersen's heart has no handle, it seems unlikely it could have been used as a Christmas tree ornament. That pleated heart is today located in the Hans Christian Andersen House in the city of Odense in Denmark. We know, however, that Andersen did make decorations for Christmas trees, and that the predecessors of the pleated Christmas hearts were made from wicker baskets.
The oldest known guide to making pleated Christmas hearts is found in the "Official Nordic handicraft Journal" from 1871, and the oldest pleated Christmas heart (from 1873) is preserved at the National Museum in Copenhagen. But it was still some 40 years before the pleated Christmas hearts became more widespread.
It is believed that kindergartens from around 1910 started spreading the use of the pleated Christmas hearts which were made from glossy paper in order to enhance the children's creative abilities, patience and fine motor skills.
The first pleated Christmas book, called "Julehjerter," was released by the Lottrup Knudsen brothers in 1975.
A more recent book, which includes a big variety of pleated Christmas heart templates, is Francis Jordt's "Flettede julehjerter".

</doc>
<doc id="20613578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613578" title="Denys Sydorenko">
Denys Sydorenko

Denys Sydorenko (; born 18 April 1989, Kharkiv, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Helios Kharkiv in the Ukrainian First League.
Career.
He attended the Metalist Youth School system, from July 2008 to January 2009 and played 11 Games in the Perscha Liga for FC Dniester Ovidiopol on loan from Metalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20613597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613597" title="Old London Inc.">
Old London Inc.

Old London Inc. was the name of a proposed group of eating establishments begun by restaurant pioneer William Childs. Child's was deposed in 1929 as the head of the $37,000,000 Childs Restaurant chain. A 1930s undertaking, Childs' business eventually lost momentum during the Great Depression. It is significant because its founder was one of two brothers who began Childs Restaurants approximately four decades earlier.
On April 29, 1930, he opened a restaurant at Broadway and 102nd Street. "Old Algiers", the first establishment, was a dinery adaptation of an Algerian village. The new chain advertised itself as "unstandardized" in contrast to the standardized type of eateries begun by Childs and his brother, Samuel S. Childs, in the 1890s. William Childs planned additional units to be added at the rate of ten to twelve per year. 
Each was to have a theme patterned after an old world center, i.e. "Old Normandy", "Old Paris, France," and "Old London, England". Located in the New York City metropolitan area, Childs' three nephews, Ellsworth, William, and Wallace, served as vice-president, secretary, and treasurer, respectively.
The second restaurant, "Old London", was in a former Chase National Bank branch inside Bush Tower at 130 West 42nd St., next to Times Square, where Childs leased the bottom two floors and basement in March 1931. The restaurant business had officially been christened with the corporate name Old London Inc., by this time. Architects Pruitt & Brown planned to extensively modify the space in "old London style" for an eatery with a seating capacity of 1,000 diners. The former bank counter would be utilized as a luncheonette service bar.
Childs' venture did not result in a chain as he had hoped. He operated the Old Mill Inn, near his family farm in Basking Ridge, New Jersey, prior to his death on May 22, 1938. He died in Somerset County, New Jersey, Bernardsville, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20613602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613602" title="El Pasadiscos">
El Pasadiscos

El Pasadiscos is a song originally recorded by Diego Verdaguer in 1976. It is one of many songs he released in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20613605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613605" title="Leo Lainer">
Leo Lainer

Leo Lainer (born September 10, 1960) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently working as a scout with FC Red Bull Salzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20613621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613621" title="The Magnificent Scoundrels">
The Magnificent Scoundrels

The Magnificent Scoundrels (情聖) is a 1991 Hong Kong film directed by Lee Lik-Chi.
Plot.
"Ching Sing" (Stephen Chow) is a mediocre con artist who crosses paths with Teresa Mo, a fellow con artist. Together they impersonate various people and create numerous schemes to make money. Meanwhile, gangsters are making a scheme of their own.

</doc>
<doc id="20613626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613626" title="Anat Maor">
Anat Maor

Anat Maor (, born 28 May 1945) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Meretz between 1992 and 2003.
Biography.
Born in kibbutz Negba during the Mandate era, Maor studied at Tel Aviv University gaining a BA in history and philosophy and an MA in labour management. She worked as a headmistress of a high school and a university lecturer, and also served as secretary of Negba and a director of the United States branch of the Kibbutz Zionist Immigration office.
She was first elected to the Knesset in 1992, and served as Deputy Speaker of the Knesset during her first term. After being re-elected in 1996, she chaired the subcommittee for the Advancement of Women in the Workplace and Economy. For the 1999 elections she was placed fifth on the Meretz list, and retained her seat for a second time. During her third term in the Knesset she chaired the Science and Technology Committee.
Maor lost her seat in the 2003 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20613627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613627" title="Bahavia">
Bahavia

Bahavia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20613636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613636" title="The Pearl Report">
The Pearl Report

The Pearl Report is a public affairs programme aired on TVB Pearl since April 1, 1988.
The show mainly deals with current affairs in Hong Kong, although often stories are produced abroad concerning wider regional issues. Countries covered include the United Kingdom, United States, Australia, Germany, Russia, Malaysia, Canada, Oman, Vietnam, Thailand, Japan, Philippines, United Arab Emirates and all over different parts of China.
A broad spectrum of topics are covered on the Pearl Report, including political, social, health, education, human rights, economic, and sport related issues.
Format.
The show is divided into two segments to make up a half hour show. In depth documentaries normally last the entire duration of the programme but some stories take up just a single segment.
Each segment begins with an introduction from the show's host, Diana Lin, who is also the show's Senior Executive Producer. The stories then normally start with a teaser to set the tone, although this is not always the case. Part one usually ends with a hooker, giving viewers a taste of what's to follow in part two. After a brief commercial break Diana Lin then reappears to introduce the next part, which tends to contain greater focus than the first segment. The host returns at the end of the programme to roundup the show and pass on the show's mailing address.
Producers/reporters.
The Pearl Report team is made up of its Senior Executive Producer, Diana Lin, 6 full time reporters as well as 1 part-time reporter. As of 2010 they were:
Chris Lincoln
Interviewees.
A number of notable figures have been interviewed on the Pearl Report.
Interviewees include:
Awards.
Pearl Report shows have won numerous awards including:

</doc>
<doc id="20613663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613663" title="Jonah Wise">
Jonah Wise

Rabbi Jonah Bondi Wise (February 21, 1881 – February 1, 1959) was an American Rabbi and leader of the Reform Judaism movement, who served for over thirty years as rabbi of the Central Synagogue in Manhattan and was a founder of the United Jewish Appeal, serving as its chairman from its creation in 1939 until 1958.
Biography.
Jonah Wise was born on February 21, 1881, the son of Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise the founder of Reform Judaism in the United States. He graduated from Hebrew Union College (which had been founded by his father in 1875) and the University of Cincinnati in 1903. He continued his studies at the University of Berlin and the University of Bern.
Wise was Rabbi of the Mizpah Temple in Chattanooga, Tennessee from 1904 to 1906, and served as Rabbi of Temple Beth Israel in Portland, Oregon starting in 1910. Rabbi Wise was chosen to lead the Central Synagogue in Manhattan, the oldest Reform congregation in continuous use in New York City and whose cornerstone had been laid by his father in 1870.
Rabbi Wise had been selected in 1931 to head the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, working to restructure the organization's finances in the face of efforts to liquidate the philanthropy which had suffered financially during the Great Depression.
Wise was described as "a pioneer in Jewish religious broadcasting" by "The New York Times", beginning his "Message of Israel" Sunday morning radio broadcast in 1934, which continued until two weeks before his death.
After Adolf Hitler came to power, Wise traveled to Germany, where he created a program to provide temporary relief to the Jewish community there and arranged for financial assistance to those who had fled the country. He was chosen by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1938 to serve as a delegate to the Évian Conference, where representatives of 32 countries met at Évian-les-Bains, France, to discuss the problem of Jewish refugees.
In January 1939, Rabbi Wise and the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee joined with Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver of the United Palestine Appeal and William Rosenwald of the National Coordinating Committee Fund, to form the United Jewish Appeal for Refugees and Overseas Needs. The founders emphasized that the funds needed to support Jews in Europe and Palestine would be triple to quadruple the amount raised in the previous year. While the organizations would raise funds together, the Joint Distribution Committee would assist Jews in Europe, the United Palestine Appeal would aid the Jewish community in Palestine, including refugees from Europe arriving there and the National Coordinating Committee Fund would assist refugees arriving in the United States.
At a 1954 ceremony honoring his fiftieth year as a Rabbi, Wise received a proclamation from the Hebrew Union College that described him as "one of the most contributive and distinguished leaders of American Judaism of this generation". Rabbi Solomon Freehof of Pittsburgh, one of 40 religious leaders from the Jewish community and clergyman of other faiths attending the event, recognized Rabbi Wise as "a grand exemplar of 'The American Rabbi'". In his remarks, Rabbi Wise spoke of the American Reform pulpit as "one of the great achievements of the American scene and in the world scene", with a free pulpit that is "unhampered and untrammeled by the inertia of dogma."
Personal.
He married the former Helen Rosenfeld of Portland, Oregon, on June 23, 1909. She died in 1950.
Rabbi Wise died at age 77 on February 1, 1959 at Doctors Hospital (New York City, New York) in Manhattan, after being ill for a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20613700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613700" title="Rock Hard Power Spray">
Rock Hard Power Spray

Rock Hard Power Spray is a Danish rock band from Odense, that was founded in 2004 and consists of Frederik Valentin, Mattias Hundebøll, Ask Fogh and Simon Andersen. They have made two albums, the first "Commercial Suicide" in 2006, and their second album "Trigger Nation" in April 2008.
In 2005, the band won the world's biggest music competition, Emergenza festival, in Germany, earning them a fully paid promotional tour in the United States, with Green Day. In 2006, the band went on a European tour with The Bloodhound Gang, playing 23 concerts in 25 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20613714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613714" title="Parc de la Marseillaise">
Parc de la Marseillaise

The Parc de la Marseillaise is a public arboretum and botantical garden in the center of the town of Guebwiller, in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace Region of France. It is classified by the French Ministry of Culture as one of the Notable Gardens of France.
The park was created by landscape designer Edouard Andre between 1897 and 1899, and contains a large fountain, bandstand, a great variety of trees, rhododendrons and roses, and colorful seasonal flower beds of begonias, dahlias and iris.

</doc>
<doc id="20613723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613723" title="Ruse Airport">
Ruse Airport

Ruse Airport (, "Letishte Ruse"), also known as Shtraklevo ("Щръклево") after the village located to the north, is a former military airport located about 20 km south of the city of Ruse, Bulgaria.
History.
The airport was established in 1967 as a training site for pilots from the Bulgarian Air Force. The airport was named 11th Air Base "Shtraklevo" and equipped with Aero L-29 Delfin coming from Dolna Mitropoliya Airport. It was used by Balkan Bulgarian Airlines for its domestic flights to Sofia Airport, but with the end of the communist era in Bulgaria, domestic flights weren't profitable, due to lack of government funding. It served as a training base until 1998, when it ceased military operations and was finally abandoned in 1999.
Developing.
The government of Bulgaria decided to grant concession of some of its international airports, but the first procedure in late 2007 wasn't successful, although there was interest from the Swiss investor Ferdinand Prisi and the Bulgarian company Prista Oil. The government decided to make a new bid for the airport of Ruse, the new concourse should take place in the middle of December 2007, but later postponed it to unknown date.
Former airlines and destinations.
There are currently no services to and from Ruse Airport. There used to be a scheduled service to Sofia offered by Balkan Bulgarian Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="20613727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613727" title="C. J. McDiarmid">
C. J. McDiarmid

Campbell Johnson McDiarmid, always known as C. J. McDiarmid, was the owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team of the National League from through . In 1927, McDiarmid purchased the club from Garry Herrmann. He sold the Reds to Sidney Weil in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20613731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613731" title="Bounyong Boupha">
Bounyong Boupha


</doc>
<doc id="20613742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613742" title="Multiple Sclerosis Foundation">
Multiple Sclerosis Foundation

The Multiple Sclerosis Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization benefiting people with multiple sclerosis and their families. Established in 1986, and headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, the mission of the MSF is "to provide programs and support services to those persons affected by MS that help them maintain health, safety, self-sufficiency, and personal well-being; and to heighten public awareness of multiple sclerosis in order to elicit financial support for the MSF’s programs and services and promote understanding for those diagnosed with the illness."
The Multiple Sclerosis Foundation provides a comprehensive approach to helping people with MS maintain their health and well-being. The MSF offer programming and support to keep them self-sufficient and their homes safe, while their educational programs heighten public awareness and promote understanding about the disease. 
The MSF’s resources assist people who have MS, their families and caregivers, regional support groups, and healthcare professionals. Access to programs and services is available through the interactive web site or national, toll-free helpline staffed by caring caseworkers and peer counselors. Their priority is to serve with empathy, resourcefulness and responsibility.
All MSF services, as well as information, literature and subscriptions to publications are provided free of charge. The MSF neither sells memberships nor requires participation in fund-raising activities by individuals or support groups. 
Services include caseworkers who counsel clients and assist in finding viable solutions to issues that persons living with multiple sclerosis deal with daily. Caseworkers work closely with other service providers to ensure that clients receive the proper information and care that they need. The MSF’s Programs and Services Department goes beyond just providing necessary assistive items to their clients, they also provide vital emotional support and welfare checks via telephone and in-person.
"The MSF’s programs and services include the following:"
Telephone Helpline Resources, Homecare Assistance Grant Program, Assistive Technology and Equipment Program, Cooling Program, Computer Grant Program, Brighter Tomorrow Grant Program, Complementary and Alternative Medicine, MSF Independent Support Group Program, MSF Lending Library, MSF Publications, MSF Website and Internet Forums, and Services for Healthcare Workers.
Support for the MSF’s programs and services comes from grants, fundraisers, charitable bequests and pledges. More than 70 percent of the funds raised by the Foundation go directly into services designed to improve the quality of life for people with MS. All services are free of charge.
Public education and awareness is achieved year-round through national and regional programs presented by doctors, nurses and healthcare professionals who specialize in MS. National MS Education and Awareness Month® is recognized every year in March by the MSF and affiliated groups. The campaign’s goals are to promote an understanding of the scope of the disease, and to assist people with MS in making educated decisions about their healthcare. 
The MSF Cruise for a Cause ® is offered by the MSF each year as an innovative, educational program at sea. Lectures by renowned MS specialists, workshops by healthcare professionals, discussion groups, question and answer sessions, social gatherings and shore excursions offer many opportunities for learning and fun.
The MSF presents a wide range of medical and health information in a clear, accurate, and objective manner so that people who have MS can make educated choices in managing their healthcare. Through an array of publications, the MSF provides the most current MS research and news along with advice from leading experts on how to maintain health, safety, self-sufficiency and personal well-being while living with MS.

</doc>
<doc id="20613751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613751" title="Sidney Weil">
Sidney Weil

Sidney Weil was the owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team of the National League from through . In 1929, Weil purchased the club from C. J. McDiarmid. He sold the Reds to Powel Crosley Jr. in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20613759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613759" title="Warty frogfish">
Warty frogfish

The warty frogfish, otherwise known as the clown frogfish or "Antennarius maculatus", is a marine fish belonging to the family Antennariidae.
Description.
The warty frogfish grows up to long. Like other members of its family, it has a globulous, extensible body, and the soft skin is covered with small dermal spinules. The skin is covered with numerous small, wart-like protuberances. Its large prognathous mouth allows it to consume prey its same size. The coloring of the body is extremely variable because they always tend to match their living environments.
Frogfishes have the capacity to change coloration and pigment pattern in few weeks. However, the dominant coloration goes from white to black, passing through a whole range of related nuances such as cream, pink, yellow, red, and brown, often with dark, circular spots and/or with saddles. Some heavily spotted specimens can easily be confused with its closed relative "Antennarius pictus".
This characteristic can help to separate them: usually, "A. maculatus" has red or orange margins on all fins and sometimes a spike of the saddle blotch start posterior to the eye.
The first dorsal spine, the illicium is modified and is used as a fishing rod. Its extremity is endowed with a characteristic esca (lure), this latter looks like a small fish with a pinkish to brownish coloration. The illicium is twice the length of the second dorsal spine and its often darkly banded. The second dorsal spine is practically straight and is mobile, and the third one is bent towards the back of the body; both are membranously attached to the head. They are well separated from each other and also from the dorsal fin. 
The pectoral fins are angled and help, with the pelvic fins, to move the fish on the bottom and to keep a stable position for ambush.
Distribution.
"A. maculatus" lives in the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area from Mauritius and Reunion Island of the center of the Indian Ocean to the western part of the Pacific Ocean.
Habitat.
The warty frogfish is found in sheltered rocky and coral reefs; adults are usually associated with sponges down to deep.
Feeding.
As all frogfishes, "A. hispidus" is a voracious carnivore which can attack all small animals that pass within its "strike range", mainly fishes, but even sometimes congeners. Its prey can vary in size to close to its own size.
Behaviour.
Like other members of its family, it has a benthic and solitary lifestyle. They gather during mating period, but do not tolerate each other any more after the act of fertilization. The male can kill or eat the female she it stays close.

</doc>
<doc id="20613762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613762" title="Bangon Xayalath">
Bangon Xayalath

Dr. Bangon Xayalath is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for the city of Vientiane (Constituency 1).

</doc>
<doc id="20613780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613780" title="William Williams (baseball)">
William Williams (baseball)

William Joseph Williams, Sr. (1916 – August 23, 2009) was the co-owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team of the National League from through with his brother James Williams. They sold the Reds to Marge Schott in 1984.
Williams was a part owner of the Cincinnati Bengals from the team's founding in 1968 until his death.
Before baseball, Williams was chairman of Western & Southern Life Insurance Company, co-founded by his father in 1888. He joined the family firm in 1939 and was on the firm's board of directors from 1954 to 1984. For a brief break, Williams was president of North American Management and Development Company. He returned to Western & Southern as president and COO and then as president and CEO.
Williams graduated from Georgetown University in 1939.
In 2006, his sons William Joseph Williams Jr. and Thomas L. Williams teamed up with a group to obtain controlling interest in the Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="20613788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613788" title="Branchinella ornata">
Branchinella ornata

Branchinella ornata is a species within the family Thamnocephalidae. This fairy shrimp species is found in parts of Southern Africa, notably the Sua and Nwetwe Pans of the Makgadikgadi Pans in Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="20613791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613791" title="James Williams (baseball)">
James Williams (baseball)

James Williams was the co-owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team of the National League from through with his brother William Williams. They sold the Reds to Marge Schott in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20613799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613799" title="Erik Christensen (snowboarder)">
Erik Christensen (snowboarder)

Erik Christensen is a professional snowboarder who was born in Holladay, Utah and still lives there. He has a very active social life and is nicknamed EC and Harry. He is currently sponsored by Nitro, SPY, Tech N9ne, DaKine, and Billabong. He was recently welcomed onto the SPY international snowboarding team after being sponsored by SPY since 2005. He has been snowboarding for about 13 years and has always been strongly motivated by his family and friends. Among friends, he is known for his taste in Hip Hop music and love for the Utah mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20613806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613806" title="Thongvankham Sithilath">
Thongvankham Sithilath


</doc>
<doc id="20613816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613816" title="GradeGuru">
GradeGuru

GradeGuru.com, by McGraw-Hill Higher Education was a free study network where college students can share and find class-specific study notes, learn collaboratively, and build an academic reputations to earn rewards, internships and career opportunities. 
The site was started in Great Britain in August 2007 by the McGraw-Hill Companies as a study tool, and launched in the United States in June 2008.On the 27th March 2012 it was announced via their Facebook page that GradeGuru would be closing down on the 29th April.
Purpose.
The site was created to provide an environment for students to engage with one another and offer peer-feedback while accessing study materials that support their learning styles.
Operation.
The project was based on a status system, recognizing students for their leadership and involvement by awarding them status badges. Status badges included access to GradeGuru's Guru Careers Program, which connects students with recruiters and organizations for internships and entry level positions.
GradeGuru began on a subject basis, but launched university-specific community pages to offer the ability to search for school specific study materials, school specific courses and classmates to form online study groups.
The site caters to students in a wide range of subjects at universities in the US, UK and Canada . Students can search for study materials shared by a classmate. Those who share their study notes with points and Status Badges. Points are awarded on the basis of the number of views each file shared by a student receives; the points can be traded in for rewards in the GradeGuru rewards store. Rewards include gift cards from popular vendors like Best Buy, iTunes, and Starbucks, or can be used to make a charitable donation.
The site's content is monitored by its users. Its members review and rate the information, and the top-rated notes have a higher chance of being returned by the search engine so that students can easily access the most prominent resources.
The site introduced GradeGuru Tools, a digital app store, as an additional resource center for students and academics. The store provided a citation manager to manage references for papers, essays and assignments, and a Link List tool for instructors to create annotated reading lists with a single shortened URL
Plagiarism concerns.
GradeGuru’s Community Standards try to prevent plagiarism, emphasizing that it should not be done under any circumstances. The site offers advice about plagiarism – what it means and how to ensure all sources are correctly referenced. In order to combat the potential for inappropriate use of the site’s content, the site works with TurnItin, the leading anti-plagiarism detection tool. GradeGuru also emphasizes that all content must be totally student created.

</doc>
<doc id="20613817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613817" title="Rafel Tona">
Rafel Tona

Rafel Tona (24 June 1903, Barcelona-12 February 1987, Paris) was a Catalan painter. His father was a lawyer and vice-president of the regional government of Catalonia.
Education.
Tona attended the School of Art in Barcelona in 1917, where he studied drawing, painting and sculpture with the sculptor Josep Llimona. In 1923, during a stay in Paris, he attended painting classes at the "Académie Charpentier".
Work.
In 1920 Tona worked in the studio of the sculptor Pau Gargallo and created drawings for the saterical newspaper "Papitu".
Tona, along with Catalan painter Alfred Figueras, moved to Algiers in 1925 and established an Arts Academy where they taught painting, sculpture and drawing. In 1928 he returned to Paris spent his time painting and working on the movie sets in Joinville’s studios, where he helped create the sets for Pagnol and Korda's "Marius" and Pabst's "L'Opéra de quat'sous".
Spanish Civil War and World War 2.
After the Second Republic was proclaimed in Spain in 1932, Tona returned to Barcelona and opened an advertising agency. Around 1936 he was actively contributing to the republican movement by drawing propaganda posters. In 1939 he became a refugee from the Spanish Civil War and returned to France before moving on to Algeria after Germany's invasion.
In Algiers, Tona was dedicated to the Resistance and participated in the organisation of the Allies' landings in 1942. Along with painter Louis Bernasconi he set up the "Salons de la Résistance" in North Africa to raise money for the movement. He also contributed to the newspaper "Combat" and the Allies' propaganda (with posters and flyers). It was at this time that Tona established strong friendships with Albert Camus, René Capitant, Max-Pol Fouchet, René-Jean Clot, Jean Brune and Jean Amrouche.
Later life.
From 1944 to 1947 Tona exhibited his work in Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia and Paris. His exhibition in the "Champion-Cordier" gallery in Paris in 1946 was sponsored by Albert Marquet who also gave him lodgings in this studio in La Frette-Montigny.
His work featured in various exhibitions and art shows in Algiers from 1948 to 1960. He received the "Prix de la critique" in 1950 and the "Prix du Salon de La France d'Outre-Mer" in 1952.
During this time, the Art Museum of Algiers bought several of his paintings.
In 1960 Tona returned to live in Paris where the supported himself with his paintings and sculptures. He organised many exhibitions of his work in France and abroad. Several of his paintings where acquired by the Art Museum of Toulouse in 1965 and the National Fund for Contemporary Art in 1980. He died in Paris on 12 February 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20613822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613822" title="Vanpheng Keonakhone">
Vanpheng Keonakhone


</doc>
<doc id="20613848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613848" title="John C. Flanagan">
John C. Flanagan

John Clemans Flanagan, (January 7, 1906 to April 15, 1996) was a noted psychologist most known for developing the Critical Incident Technique, which identifies and classifies behaviors associated with the success or failure of human activity. He was a pioneer of aviation psychology. During World War II Flanagan was commissioned by the U.S. Army Air Corps in 1941 to head an aviation psychology program that developed tests to help identify pilots suitable for combat missions.
Flanagan was born in Armour, South Dakota on January 7, 1906, and raised in Seattle, Washington. He died on April 15, 1996 at his home in Menlo Park, California. He graduated from the University of Washington in 1929, and was the starting quarterback on the football team his senior year. He received his doctorate from Harvard University in 1934.
In 1946, Flanagan founded the American Institutes for Research, a not-for-profit behavioral and social research organization that applied the Critical Incident Technique to education and other fields.
In 1960 Flanagan initiated Project Talent, a massive survey of more than 400,000 high school students throughout the United States. To follow up on the needs revealed by Project Talent, Flanagan developed Project PLAN-Program for Learning in Accordance with Needs, an entire curriculum from grades one through twelve designed to meet the individual needs of all students. This was one of the earliest and most comprehensive individualized computer-assisted learning programs.
Among the honors Flanagan received were: Legion of Merit by the Army Air Corps; Raymond F. Longacre Award of the Aero-Medical Association, Edward Lee Thorndike Award of the APA Division of Educational Psychology, 1976 Distinguished Professional Contribution Award of APA, Phi Delta Kappa Award for Outstanding Contributions to Education, Development and Research, ETS Award for Distinguished Service to Measurement; Professional Practice Award of APA’s Division of Industrial/Organizational Psychology.
External links.
The First Fifteen Years of Project Talent: Implications for Career Guidance, Flanagan, J. C., Vocational Guidance Quarterly, 22, 8-14, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20613853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613853" title="Somphien Xayadeth">
Somphien Xayadeth


</doc>
<doc id="20613856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613856" title="50x15">
50x15

50x15 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20613862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613862" title="Ounheuan Phothilath">
Ounheuan Phothilath


</doc>
<doc id="20613868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613868" title="Somvandy Nathavongsa">
Somvandy Nathavongsa


</doc>
<doc id="20613873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613873" title="Khamphuang Choummaly">
Khamphuang Choummaly


</doc>
<doc id="20613879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613879" title="Latsanivong Ummarathithada">
Latsanivong Ummarathithada


</doc>
<doc id="20613884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613884" title="National Highway 1D (India)">
National Highway 1D (India)

National Highway 1 (NH 1), also known as Srinagar-Leh Highway, is a National Highway entirely within the state of Jammu & Kashmir in North India that connects Srinagar to Leh in Ladakh and is maintained by Project Vijayak of the Border Roads Organisation. It is one of the only two roads that connect Ladakh with the rest of India, the other being Leh-Manali Highway. The Srinagar-Leh Highway was declared as National Highway in 2006.
The old Central Asian trade route Srinagar-Leh-Yarkand was also known as the Treaty Road, after a commercial treaty signed in 1870 between Maharaja Ranbir Singh and Thomas Douglas Forsyth.
Weather conditions.
Even nowadays, heavy snowfall at highest passes blocks traffic, cutting Leh from Ladakh for some six months each year. During springtime, the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) plows snow and repairs damages caused by landslides. Zoji La pass received reportedly some of snowfall in 2008.
Geography.
For most part, NH 1 runs through extremely treacherous terrain and follows the historic trade route along the Indus River, thus giving modern travelers a glimpse of villages which are historically and culturally important. The road generally remains open for traffic from early June to mid-November. The total length of NH 1 is .
The two highest passes on NH 1 include Fotu La at elevation and Zoji La at elevation.
Between Fotu La pass and Leh, a government checkpoint is stationed in the village of Khalatse.
Dras, located some from Srinagar at elevation of , is the first major village over the Zoji La pass. The village is inhabited by a population of mixed Kashmiri and Dard origins, having a reputation of being the second coldest permanent inhabited spot in the world after Siberia, with temperatures dropping to .
History.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, the road was only a track, impassable even with ponies. Goods, mainly pashmina wool, were carried by porters from Yarkand and Tibet for Kashmir shawl industry.
In 19th century, the route was improved, allowing pony caravans to pass. This work was started after Dogra General Zorawar Singh conquered Ladakh region from the Sikh Empire during 1836–1840 Trans-Himalayan campaign and princely state of Jammu and Kashmir was formed when the British sold Kashmir to maharaja Gulab Singh in 1846 Treaty of Amritsar.
In April 1873, the Kashmir government allocated 2,500 rupees annually for upkeep of the Treaty Road and associated serais.
During the 1950s, tensions rose in Ladakh region. China had quietly been building a military road spanning some from Xinjiang to western Tibet. The road was discovered by Indians in 1957 and this was confirmed by Chinese maps showing the road in 1958. The political situation eroded, culminating in 1962 in the Sino-Indian War.
The road on the Chinese side gave PLA an advantage as a reliable supply line, giving the Indian Army impetus to build a road for supply and mobilisation of their own troops. The building started from Sringar in 1962, reaching Kargil in two years. This was the basis of modern Srinagar-Leh Highway. Building the road was hazardous task, given the challenging geographical location, and maintaining the road is still unenviable task.
Restrictions on civilian traffic were lifted in 1974.
This highway was used as mobilisation route by the Indian Army during Pakistani occupation of Kargil in 1999, known as Operation Vijay.

</doc>
<doc id="20613892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613892" title="Bounpone Sisioulath">
Bounpone Sisioulath


</doc>
<doc id="20613902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613902" title="Minaxür">
Minaxür

Minaxür is a village and the least populous municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 242.

</doc>
<doc id="20613905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613905" title="Kikeo Khaykhamphithoun">
Kikeo Khaykhamphithoun

Dr. Kikeo Khaykhamphithoun is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for the city of Vientiane (Constituency 1).

</doc>
<doc id="20613906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613906" title="Haçatala">
Haçatala

Haçatala is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 271. The municipality consists of the villages of Haçatala and Gican.

</doc>
<doc id="20613910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613910" title="Çubuqlu">
Çubuqlu

Çubuqlu is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 459.

</doc>
<doc id="20613915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613915" title="Atlıxan">
Atlıxan

Atlıxan is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 558.

</doc>
<doc id="20613918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613918" title="Caqarqışlaq">
Caqarqışlaq

Caqarqışlaq is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 615.

</doc>
<doc id="20613920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613920" title="Khamphat Pheubobouda">
Khamphat Pheubobouda

Khamphat Pheubobouda is a Laotian politician and Lieutenant Colonel in the Laotian Army. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for the city of Vientiane (Constituency 1).

</doc>
<doc id="20613921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613921" title="Quturğan">
Quturğan

Quturğan is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 757. The municipality consists of the villages of Quturğan, Arçan, Knarçay, and Əlix.

</doc>
<doc id="20613930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613930" title="Souvanhpheng Bouphanouvong">
Souvanhpheng Bouphanouvong

Dr. Souvanhpheng Bouphanouvong is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for the city of Vientiane (Constituency 1).

</doc>
<doc id="20613938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613938" title="Parc de Wesserling">
Parc de Wesserling

The Parc de Wesserling is a private garden located in the town of Husseren-Wesserling, in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace Region of France. It is classified by the French Ministry of Culture as one of the Notable Gardens of France. 
The park is located at the site of the hunting lodge of the prince-abbey of Murbach (1699), and is composed of formal French gardens, an English park, a kitchen garden, a field garden, and a contemporary statuary garden. Trees include a giant sequoia, Virginia tulip, red oak, cypress, linden and maple, plus acacia and many kinds of seasonal flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20613945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613945" title="SM U-66">
SM U-66

SM "U-66 was the lead ship of the Type U 66 submarines or U-boats for the German Imperial Navy () during the First World War. The submarine had been laid down in November 1913 as U-7", the lead ship of the "U-7" class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () but was sold to Germany, along with the others in her class, in November 1914.
The submarine was ordered as "U-7" from Germaniawerft of Kiel as the first of five boats of the "U-7" class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy. After the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the Austro-Hungarian Navy became convinced that none of the submarines of the class could be delivered to the Adriatic via Gibraltar. As a consequence, the entire class, including "U-7", was sold to the German Imperial Navy in November 1914. Under German control, the class became known as the U 66 type and the boats were renumbered; "U-7" became "U-66", and all were redesigned and reconstructed to German specifications. "U-66" was launched in April 1915 and commissioned in July. As completed, she displaced , surfaced, and , submerged. The boat was long and was armed with five torpedo tubes and a deck gun.
As a part of the Baltic and 4th Flotillas, "U-66" sank 24 ships with a combined gross register tonnage of 69,967 in six war patrols. The U-boat also torpedoed and damaged the British cruiser in August 1916. "U-66" left Emden on her seventh patrol on 2 September 1917 for operations in the North Channel. The following day the U-boat reported her position in the North Sea but neither she nor any of her 40-man crew were ever heard from again. A postwar German study offered no explanation for "U-66"s loss, although British records suggest that she may have struck a mine in the Dogger Bank area.
Design and construction.
After the Austro-Hungarian Navy had competitively evaluated three foreign submarine designs, it selected the Germaniawerft 506d design, also known as the Type UD, for its new "U-7" class of five submarines. The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913.
The "U-7" class was seen by the Austro-Hungarian Navy as an improved version of its "U-3" class, which was also a Germaniawerft design. As designed for the Austro-Hungarian Navy, the boats were to displace on the surface and while submerged. The double-hulled boats were to be long (OA) with a beam of and a draft of . The Austrian specifications called for two shafts with twin diesel engines ( total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors ( total) for a maximum of when submerged. The boats were designed with five torpedo tubes; four located in the bow, one in the stern. The boats' armament was to also include a single 66 mm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun.
"U-7" and sister boat were both laid down on 1 November 1913, the first two boats of the class begun. Their construction was scheduled for completion within 29 to 33 months, but neither "U-7" nor any of her sister boats were complete when World War I began in August 1914. Because the boats were under construction at Kiel on the Baltic Sea, the Austrians became convinced that it would be impossible to take delivery: the boats would need to be transferred into the Mediterranean past Gibraltar, a British territory. As a result, "U-7" and her four sisters were sold to the Imperial German Navy on 28 November 1914.
"U-7" was renumbered by the Germans as "U-66" when her class was redesignated as the Type U 66. The Imperial German Navy had the submarines redesigned and reconstructed to German standards, increasing the surface and submerged displacements by , respectively. The torpedo load was increased by a third, from 9 to 12, and the deck gun size was upgraded from the size originally specified to .
Early career.
"U-66" was launched on 22 April 1915. On 23 July, SM "U-66" was commissioned into the Imperial German Navy under the command of Kapitänleutnant (Kptlt.) Thorwald von Bothmer, a 31-year-old, thirteen-year veteran of the Imperial German Navy. "U-66" was assigned to the Baltic Flotilla () on 17 October.
In late September, the British submarine flotilla in the Baltic began a submarine offensive against German ships, intending to deny free passage of cargo, especially iron ore, from neutral Sweden to Germany. In "A Naval History of World War I", author Paul G. Halpern reports on part of the German response, which was an experiment involving "U-66". The U-boat was towed behind an "innocent-looking vessel" and connected to the host ship by a telephone line in addition to the towline. "U-66" was able to cast off at a moment's notice to attack an enemy submarine. Halpern does not report on any encounters by "U-66", nor does he provide any insight into the overall effectiveness of the plan. "U-66" was not credited with the sinking of any vessels of any kind during this time. On 15 January 1916, she was transferred from the Baltic Flotilla into the 4th Flotilla (), where she joined her sister boats and .
Second German offensive.
Germany began its second submarine offensive against shipping the month after "U-66" joined the 4th Flotilla. As in the first submarine offensive, U-boats were sent independently around Scotland to patrol the Irish Sea and the western entrance to the English Channel. The first reported activity of "U-66" during this campaign reveals that she sank her first ship on 5 April 1916. On that date she was in the vicinity of Fastnet Rock and came upon the 3,890-ton British refrigerated cargo ship "Zent" headed from Garston to Santa Marta in ballast. "U-66" torpedoed "Zent" from Fastnet and sank the ship with the loss of 49 crewmen; the master and nine sailors were rescued and landed at Queenstown. Over the next two days, "U-66" dispatched two French sailing vessels, the 151-ton "Binicaise", and the 397-ton fishing smack "Sainte Marie" west of the Isles of Scilly. On 8 April, von Bothmer and "U-66" sank the Spanish-flagged "Santanderino" from Ushant. "Santanderino", a 3,346-ton ship built in 1890, was sailing from Liverpool to Havana, and "U-66" gave 15 minutes' notice for all the passengers and crew to abandon ship; four drowned during the evacuation. "Santanderino"s 36 survivors were rescued by a Danish steamer and landed at a port on the Bay of Biscay.
"U-66" continued her attacks on merchant shipping on 9 April with the sinking of three ships, the British steamers "Eastern City" and "Glenalmond" and the Norwegian ship "Sjolyst". The 4,341-ton "Eastern City" was sailing from Saint-Nazaire to Barry Roads in ballast when she was shelled by "U-66" and sent to the bottom from Ushant; all of her crew survived and were landed by 11 April. "U-66"s next victim was the 2,888-ton "Glenalmond" sailing from Bilbao to Clyde laden with iron ore. Torpedoes from "U-66" sank the ship north of Ushant, but all her crew were saved. The 20-year-old Norwegian steamer "Sjolyst" was sailing in ballast from Nantes to Manchester when "U-66" sank her about two nautical miles (four kilometers) from where "Glenalmond" went down. "Sjolyst"s master and entire crew were picked up by the British steamer "Libra" and landed at Cardiff.
"U-66" finished out her busy month the next day by sinking one British and one Italian ship. "U-66" sank the British steamer "Margam Abbey" southwest of the Lizard while the ship was en route from Bordeaux to Barry Roads in ballast. "Margam Abbey", at 4,471 tons, was the largest ship sunk by "U-66" to that time. The Italian freighter "Unione" was sailing with a load of coal from Clyde for Genoa when "U-66" torpedoed her off Land's End. The sinking of "Unione", with a tonnage of 2,367, raised "U-66"s tally for the month of April to eight ships with a combined tonnage of 22,848, all sunk in a six-day span. Near the end of April 1916, Admiral Reinhard Scheer, the new commander-in-chief of the High Seas Fleet (under which "U-66"s 4th Flotilla operated), called off the merchant shipping offensive and ordered all boats at sea to return, and all boats in port to remain there.
Grand Fleet ambushes.
In mid-May, Scheer completed plans to draw out part of the British Grand Fleet. The German High Seas Fleet would sortie for a raid on Sunderland, luring the British fleet across "'nests' of submarines and mine-fields". "U-66" was one of nine U-boats that put out to sea beginning on 17 May to scout the central North Sea for signs of the British fleet. Completing five days of scouting, "U-66", along with , , , sister boat , , and , took up position off the Firth of Forth on 23 May. The other two other boats, and , were stationed off Pentland Firth, in position to attack the British fleet leaving Scapa Flow. All the boats were to remain on station until 1 June and await a coded message which would report the sailing of the British fleet. Unfortunately for the Germans, the British Admiralty had intelligence reports of the departure of the submarines which, coupled with an absence of attacks on shipping, aroused British suspicions.
A delayed departure of the German fleet for its sortie (which had been redirected to the Skagerrak) and the failure of five U-boats, including "U-66", to receive the coded message warning of the British advance caused Scheer's anticipated ambush to be a "complete and disappointing failure". Although she had not received the advance warning of the coded message, "U-66" was one of the two ambush U-boats that actually saw parts of the British fleet. At 09:00 on 31 May, "U-66" sent out a wireless report of eight battleships, light cruisers, and destroyers on a northerly course east of Kinnaird Head. "U-66" was unable to make any attacks on the ships she reported because of the screening ships. The failure of the submarine ambush to sink any British capital ships allowed the full Grand Fleet to engage the numerically inferior High Seas Fleet in the Battle of Jutland, which took place 31 May – 1 June.
The next mention of "U-66" in sources is on 11 August, when she sank "Inverdruie", a 613-ton three-masted Norwegian bark. "Inverdruie" was carrying a load of pit props from Sandefjord to Hartlepool when she was sunk some east of Aberdeen.
Later in August, the Germans set up another ambush for the British fleet, when they drew up plans for another High Seas Fleet raid on Sunderland (as had been the original intention in May). The German fleet planned to depart late in the day on 18 August and shell military targets the next morning. "U-66" was one of 24 U-boats that formed five lines () in the expected paths of any Grand Fleet sorties. "Standlinie II", consisting of "U-63", , , "U-66", and , formed a front off Flamborough Head. The other four "Standlinie" formed similar lines to the north and south; all were to be in place by 08:00 on 19 August. Once again, British intelligence had given warning of the impending attack and ambush, causing the Grand Fleet to sortie at 16:00 on 18 August, five hours before the German fleet sailed.
At 04:45 on 19 August, "U-66" fired a spread of two torpedoes at the British light cruiser from a distance of . Both torpedoes scored hits on "Falmouth"s starboard side, flooding the warship forward and aft. The cruiser's mechanical spaces—located amidships—remained intact and in working order, so she was steered to the Humber with an escort of three destroyers and an armed trawler. "U-66" tried repeatedly to deal the stricken cruiser a "coup de grâce", but narrowly missed with torpedoes on several further attacks. "U-66" broke off her pursuit after two hours, having endured multiple attacks from "Falmouth"s screening destroyers. One depth charge attack blew out all the lights on "U-66" and knocked clips off two hatches that caused the boat to flood with a considerable quantity of water before the leaks could be sealed. "Falmouth" continued under tow at until she crossed "Standlinie II" and was attacked and sunk by "U-63" around noon the next day.
Records on "U-66" next appear in late 1916, when she is reported as one of the U-boat escorts assisting the German merchant raider into the North Atlantic. "Wolf", under the command of Karl-August Nerger, began a 15-month raiding voyage on 30 November that took the ship into the Indian and Pacific Oceans before a safe return to Germany. "U-66"s specific locations for this duty are not reported, but on 11 December she sank a Norwegian steamer and a Swedish sailing ship. "U-66" shelled the 1,090-ton Norwegian steamer "Bjor" southwest of the Norwegian island of Ryvingen. The ship and her general cargo, headed from Göteborg to Hull, were sent to the bottom without loss of life, and her crew was safely landed by 14 December. The same day, "U-66" also sank the 311-ton Swedish sailing ship "Palander" off the island of Oxö, near the town of Tornio on the Sweden–Finland border.
Unrestricted submarine warfare.
From the early stages of the war the Royal Navy had blockaded Germany, preventing neutral shipping from reaching German ports. By the time of the so-called "turnip winter" of 1916–17, the blockade had severely limited imports of food and fuel into Germany. Among the results were an increase in infant mortality and as many as 700,000 deaths attributed to starvation or hypothermia during the war. With the blockade having such dire consequences, Kaiser Wilhelm II personally approved a to begin on 1 February 1917 to help force the British to make peace. The new rules of engagement specified that no ship was to be left afloat.
"U-66"s first victim under the new rules was encountered on 1 March. The Norwegian steamer "Gurre", reported as 1,733 tons, was crossing the North Sea while steaming from Narvik and Fredrikshald for Hull with a cargo of iron ore. "U-66" torpedoed her at position , sending down the Norwegian ship with 20 of her crew. The same day, "U-66" encountered another Norwegian cargo ship, the 1,005-ton "Livingstone", headed from Skien to Charente with a cargo of ammonium nitrate. "Livingstone"s cargo, used in the making of explosives and munitions, was too valuable to destroy. "U-66"s captain seized the ship as a prize east of Shetland. Further details of the encounter do not appear in sources, but it is known that the 11-year-old "Livingstone" not only survived the war, but remained in service under a variety of names until she was scrapped in 1962.
In late March, "U-66" sank another two vessels. The 3,597-ton cargo ship "Stuart Prince" was headed from Manchester and Belfast to Alexandria with a general cargo when "U-66" came upon her off Broad Haven, County Mayo. "U-66"s torpedo attack was successful, sinking the ship and killing 20 men, including the ship's master. Five days later, "U-66" encountered the five-masted bark "Neath" south by east of Fastnet Rock. Equipped with an auxiliary triple-expansion steam engine, "Neath" was the former German bark "R. C. Rickmers" which had been seized by the Admiralty at Cardiff in August 1914. After "U-66" torpedoed "Neath" at 08:45, the bark, en route from Martinique to Le Havre with a load of sugar, sank in seven minutes. The master of "Neath" was taken prisoner, but had been released and landed at Queenstown two days later.
During April 1917, German U-boats sank 860,334 tons of Allied and neutral shipping, a monthly total unsurpassed in either of the two world wars. "U-66"s sole contribution to this figure came when she torpedoed the tanker "Powhatan" from North Rona in the Outer Hebrides. The 6,117-ton ship, which was carrying fuel oil from Sabine to Kirkwall, bested "Margam Abbey" as "U-66"s largest ship sunk when she went down with 36 of her crew. As was done with the master of "Neath", "Powhatan"s master was taken prisoner aboard "U-66".
Although the monthly total of tonnage sunk by all U-boats had peaked in April, the losses were over 600,000 tons in each of May and June. "U-66" did not contribute to the May tally but, with her most successful month since April 1916, added to the June figures. On 5 June, "U-66" torpedoed the 3,472-ton Italian steamer "Amor" which was on her way to Liverpool from Galveston; "Amor" sank approximately from Fastnet Rock. The same day, "Manchester Miller", a 4,234-ton steamer sailing from Philadelphia for Manchester with a load of cotton, was sunk about away from "Amor" when she was hit by a torpedoes from "U-66". Eight crewmen died in the attack; the survivors, who included three Americans, were landed on 9 June.
Two days after the attacks on "Amor" and "Manchester Miller", "U-66" attacked two more British steamers. The 4,329-ton "Ikalis", carrying wheat from New York to Manchester, was torpedoed and sunk from Fastnet Rock. The cargo ship "Cranmore", of 3,157 tons, was headed to Manchester from Baltimore with a general cargo when torpedoed some northwest of Fastnet. Though the ship was damaged, "Cranmore"s crew was able to beach her; the ship was later refloated and re-entered service.
"U-66" sank her largest ship, the 6,583-ton British steamer "Bay State" on 10 June. The Warren Line cargo steamer had departed from Boston (the capital of Massachusetts nicknamed, coincidentally, the "Bay State") with a $2,000,000 war cargo destined for Liverpool. "U-66" intercepted the ship northwest of Fastnet and sank her, but there were no casualties among her crew of 45. Four days later, "U-66" encountered the Norwegian bark "Perfect", laden with grain, headed from Bahía Blanca for Copenhagen. "Perfect", which had been built in 1877, was dispatched by "U-66"s deck gun at position , east of Shetland.
On 17 June, Kptlt. von Bothmer was replaced by Kptlt. Gerhard Muhle as commander of the U-boat. "U-66" was the first (and ultimately only) U-boat command for the 31-year-old Muhle, who had been a classmate of von Bothmer when both had joined the "Kaiserliche Marine" in April 1902. On 9 July, "U-66" sank her first ship under her new commander, when she sent the Spanish steamer "Iparraguirre" to the bottom. The 1,161-ton steamer was headed to Santander from Piteå and Bergen with a cargo of pitwood, when "U-66" attacked her west of the Orkney Islands.
"U-66" scored another success when she torpedoed and sank the outbound British steamer "African Prince" on 21 July north-northwest of Tory Island. The freighter—a Prince Line line-mate of "Stuart Prince", sunk by "U-66" in March—was carrying china clay from Liverpool to Newport News. The same day, "U-66" also sank the 1,322-ton British sailing ship "Harold" about from where "African Prince" went down. These two ships were the last sinkings credited to "U-66". During six successful patrols, "U-66" had sunk 24 ships and seized a 25th as a prize, for a combined total tonnage of 69,967.
"U-66" began her seventh and what was to be her final patrol on the morning of 2 September when she departed from Emden destined for operations in the North Channel. Shortly after noon on 3 September, "U-66" reported a position in the North Sea that placed her beyond known British minefields, in what was her last known contact. A postwar German study offered no explanation for "U-66"s loss. British records suggest that "U-66" may have either struck a mine in an older minefield in the Dogger Bank area, or that a combination of destroyers, submarines, and anti-submarine net tenders sank "U-66" sometime between 1 and 11 October. Author Dwight Messimer discounts this latter theory as not being supported by operational details.

</doc>
<doc id="20613954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613954" title="Carel Reyniersz">
Carel Reyniersz

Carel Reyniersz (1604–1653) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1650 until 1653.
Reyniersz (or "Reiniersz") was born in Amsterdam in 1604 (or perhaps 1602). He left for the Indies in 1627 as Upperbuyer ("opperkoopman") on the Dutch Coromandel (Karnataka). He was promoted to Governor of the Coromandel Coast in 1635, even though he had been accused of engaging in (forbidden) private/personal trading. In 1636 he became Counsellor-extraordinary ("Raad extra-ordinair") of the Dutch Council of the Indies. He returned to Amsterdam as Admiral of the returning fleet in 1638 and established himself as a merchant there. However, he lost his entire fortune, so left again, this time aboard the "Salamander", for India on 24 April 1645. He arrived there
on 3 December 1645. The following year, 1646, he became a full Counsellor of the Indies.
His allocated task was to carry out a new policy in the Indies. Most importantly, he was, as far as possible to eliminate sources of competition. He was to take action against private trading and to deal with too much production of spices by having trees cut down. Reinier stuck strictly to this policy, which lead to much conflict in West Ceram, where the population would not accept the destruction of their plantations. It took until 1658 for the area to be pacified.
Four years after Reyniersz become a Counsellor, Governor-General Cornelis van der Lijn received an "honorable discharge" (sic) and on 26 April 1650, Reyniersz was named his successor, a task he very much looked forward to. Four years later he was dismissed. The governors of the company were not pleased by the weakness of his rule. There still exists in the Netherlands his letter of dismissal. It indicates he was being dismissed because he had been unable to carry out the duties of his office, particularly maintaining peace. The letter was never sent, because Reynier had already written to the Seventeen Lords (Heren XVII) asking to be relieved of his office on health grounds. This letter arrived just before his dismissal letter was to be sent. The Seventeen Lords willingly agreed to his request, though he died before their response reached him, on the night of 18/19 May 1653. He was buried in Batavia, Dutch East Indies and was succeed as Governor-General by Joan Maetsuycker.

</doc>
<doc id="20613963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613963" title="CF Gimnástico Alcázar">
CF Gimnástico Alcázar

Club de Fútbol Gimnástico Alcázar is a Spanish football team based in Alcázar de San Juan, Ciudad Real, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Founded in 1972, it plays in Tercera División – Group 18, holding home games at "Estadio Municipal de Alcázar", with a capacity of 5,000 seats.
Copa del Rey.
"*winner on penalties."

</doc>
<doc id="20613966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613966" title="Look Out, Officer!">
Look Out, Officer!

Look Out, Officer! (師兄撞鬼) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Lau Sze Yu.

</doc>
<doc id="20613967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613967" title="Semowane River">
Semowane River

The Semowane River is a major natural watercourse in Southern Africa. Within Botswana the Semowane River forms a boundary between several governmental jurisdictions. This river is a vital source of water to the ephemeral wetlands of the Makgadikgadi, where a number of species of limited distribution thrive. Specifically the Semowane River discharges to Sua Pan.

</doc>
<doc id="20613973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613973" title="Phaeng Lylavong">
Phaeng Lylavong


</doc>
<doc id="20614003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614003" title="Aşağı İmamqulukənd">
Aşağı İmamqulukənd

Aşağı İmamqulukənd is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 770. The municipality consists of the villages of Aşağı İmamqulukənd and Mucuqoba.

</doc>
<doc id="20614004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614004" title="Encyclopaedia Islamica">
Encyclopaedia Islamica

The Encyclopedia Islamica is a new encyclopedia on Islam/Shi'a and Iranian studies. This is a projected 16-volume publication and a translation of a carefully selected set of articles from the new Persian "Dā'erat-ol-Ma'āref-e Bozorg-e Eslāmi" (, ""The Great Islamic Encyclopaedia"") a projected 35 volume publication.
As of 2012 three volumes of this set has been published by Brill Publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="20614007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614007" title="La Compañia del Tango Nomada">
La Compañia del Tango Nomada

La Compañia del Tango Nomada is a project in World Music in Mexico City, which was created by Carla Borghetti and Iván Peñoñori. There are collaborations of musicians from many countries and different experiences, with performances festivals throughout Mexico. The music covered includes tango, jazz, blues, bolero and cabaret. 

</doc>
<doc id="20614008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614008" title="Edward Cotter">
Edward Cotter

Edward Cotter (27 June 1902 – 11 December 1972) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He unsuccessfully contested the Cork West constituency June 1949 by-election caused by the death of Timothy J. Murphy but was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork West constituency at the 1954 general election. He moved to the Cork South–West at the 1961 general election and continued to hold his seat until he retired at the 1969 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20614011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614011" title="Yeni Həyat, Qusar">
Yeni Həyat, Qusar

Yeni Həyat is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,004. The municipality consists of the villages of Yeni Həyat and Langi.

</doc>
<doc id="20614016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614016" title="Roy Witherup">
Roy Witherup

Foster Leroy Witherup (July 26, 1886 – December 23, 1941) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball between 1906 and 1909 for the Boston Beaneaters (1906) and Washington Senators (1908–09). Listed at , 185 lb., Witherup batted and threw right-handed. He was born in North Washington, Pennsylvania.
In a three-season career, Witherup posted a 3–12 record with a 4.44 earned run average in 26 appearances, including 17 starts and 12 complete games, giving up 80 earned runs on 189 hits and 47 walks while striking out 71 in 162 ⅓ innings of work.
Witherup died in New Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, at the age of 55.

</doc>
<doc id="20614017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614017" title="Ousavanh Thiengthetvonga">
Ousavanh Thiengthetvonga


</doc>
<doc id="20614035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614035" title="Khamchanh Sakountava">
Khamchanh Sakountava


</doc>
<doc id="20614046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614046" title="Gulella io">
Gulella io

Gulella io is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.
Distribution.
The non-indigenous distribution of this species includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20614065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614065" title="Rafael Leitão">
Rafael Leitão

Rafael Duailibe Leitão (born 1979 in São Luís, Maranhão) is a Brazilian chess grandmaster. He won the World Youth Chess Championship in the U12 category in 1991 and in the U18 category in 1996. He won the Brazilian Chess Championship in 1996, 1997, 1998, 2004, 2011 and 2013 and played for Brazil in the Chess Olympiads of 1996, 2000, 2002, 2006 and 2010.
He is currently playing in the 26th World Correspondence Chess Championship, which began in the summer of 2010. 
International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster (2012).
His username on the Internet Chess Club is "Pigzilla".

</doc>
<doc id="20614078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614078" title="Hərzəoba">
Hərzəoba

Hərzəoba is a village in the municipality of Həzrə in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614080" title="What's Cooking? with Jamie Oliver">
What's Cooking? with Jamie Oliver

"What's Cooking? with Jamie Oliver" is a cooking video game for the Nintendo DS narrated by celebrity chef Jamie Oliver. It was developed and published by Atari, Inc. (Atari, SA subsidiary) and released in North America on October 21, 2008, and in Europe on October 24. 
The game features several recipes, each listing preparation times, ingredients and courses. In addition, "What's Cooking?" can be used as a shopping list to remind players what items to purchase, and it can act as a timer to count down from a specified time and make an audible sound when it is done. 
The game was first revealed by Atari at the Games Convention 2008. The game was poorly received after its release; video game critics gave it an aggregated score of 49% at Metacritic. Reviewers generally agreed that presenting a cooking guide as a video game was a good idea, but they found that the game was poorly executed and mediocre as a result.
Gameplay.
"What's Cooking?" is an interactive cookbook and food preparation video game with recipes that each list preparation times, ingredients and courses. Recipes can be sorted by criteria such as dishes that take less than 20 minutes to prepare, or vegetarian-only meals. After opening a recipe, an ingredient list is presented. Items on the list can be earmarked and added to a shopping list as a reminder to purchase in the future. A timer option is also available, which counts down from a specified time and makes an audible sound when it is done. Before doing any real cooking, a virtual representation of each step in the recipe is given on the screen that must be performed by the player. The Nintendo DS touchscreen and stylus are used to perform tasks such as whisking eggs, pouring sauces and cutting vegetables. Tutorials are also available to teach the player how to perform simple cooking preparation tasks. While cooking, the Nintendo DS responds to audible commands; saying "next" into the device's microphone will move the recipe on to the next step. One hundred recipes are included in the game, and players can create their own dishes in the game. Afterward, they can share them with others via Wi-Fi. In addition to the game's cooking aspects, "What's Cooking?" features challenges in which the player uses the stylus to chop, stir, and serve as quickly as possible.
Development.
"What's Cooking?" was first revealed by Atari at the Games Convention 2008. The game is narrated by Jamie Oliver. In an interview with "Official Nintendo Magazine", Oliver noted that he tries to make his games as "three dimensional as possible", and he wanted to "make it relevant" to the player. The developers also wanted to make the game as interactive as possible.
Reception.
"What's Cooking?" was generally poorly received by video game critics, receiving a 49% aggregated score on Metacritic. IGN's Daemon Hatfield called disguising a cooking tutorial as a video game a "pretty brilliant idea", but only as long as it was done well. He stated that both the cookbook and food preparation halves of the game were not strong enough to make the game worth purchasing. Hatfield commented that the game's controls are "terribly unintuitive, and the cookbook doesn't offer anything its physical counterpart can't for cheaper". He was also disappointed that there were no pictures to illustrate each step, and not every cooking process is explained. Eurogamer's Ellie Gibson was satisfied with the number of recipes available, most of which were "pretty easy to follow". Gibson, however, preferred to see instructional videos to observe how a recipe was made before making it.
In their review of the game, "Official Nintendo Magazine" commented that the stylus-controlled cooking tutorials are not user-friendly, and the recipe sharing is as good as it could be since players can only use ingredients and methods from recipes that they have unlocked through playing the game. They felt that the game attempts to appeal to gamers rather than aspiring chefs, concluding, "game has some great recipes but the experience is marred by some fiddly cooking games."

</doc>
<doc id="20614088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614088" title="Urvaoba">
Urvaoba

Urvaoba is a village in the municipality of Urva in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614100" title="Cendrillon (Viardot)">
Cendrillon (Viardot)

Cendrillon is a chamber comic opera with dialogue in three acts by Pauline Viardot based on the story of "Cinderella". The work, for a cast of seven with piano orchestration, premiered in Viardot's Paris salon on 23 April 1904, when she was 83, and was published later that year. Historians are unsure of when the opera was actually composed, although it is thought to be after the death of Viardot's friend (and possibly her lover) Ivan Turgenev in 1883 as he did not write the libretto. It has been described as "a retelling of the Cinderella story with Gallic wit, Italianate bel canto, and a quirkiness all her (Viardot's) own." 
The plot remains relatively faithful to Perrault's original fairy tale, but takes a much more lighthearted approach than the other operatic adaptations by Massenet, Rossini and Isouard. The evil stepmother is replaced with a bumbling and clueless stepfather and the Fairy Godmother (La Fée) actually appears as a guest at the party and entertains the guests with a song. A full performance of the opera lasts a little over an hour.
Synopsis.
Time: Early 20th century <br>
Place: France
Act I.
Marie (Cendrillon) is the servant in the house of her father, who is a low noble in an alternative reality of France where royalty still existed in 1904. The opera begins with Marie singing what is presumably a folk song ("Il etait jadis un prince") about a prince wanting to be married but unable to find a suitable wife, only wanting a princess. A beggar calls at the house asking for food and money, and ironically while Marie is off asking her sisters for money, reveals himself to be none other than the Prince, looking for a wife among common folk. Marie returns without anything from her family, but offers the beggar the few coins she has before Armelinde and Maguelonne enter the living room to shoo away the beggar ("Nous sommes assaillis".) Marie responds by asking who would clean the house and take care of the family if she was to leave ("Si je n'y venais pas, qui donc le balairait?") stating she should be at least able to sing her song, which she begins to sing again before being interrupted by another knock at the door, by the Prince again who is this time disguised as his Valet, Barigoule, with an invitation to a ball that evening. The sisters accept and go off to prepare themselves ("Je serai charmante".)
Marie thinks about the Valet who she describes as having a "charm so distinct" while Pictordu wakes up in a bathrobe. Marie attempts to greet him as "papa" while he simply rebuffs her by calling her "child." The sisters call Marie away while Baron comments that he isn't feeling well, explaining that he saw a van driving around that reminded him of the time before he was a baron, while he worked as a greengrocer ("Hier je vis circuler une voiture immense") also noting a jail sentence 20 years ago, a past love name Gothon, and "vive la France!" The sisters return after Baron's aria, explaining the invitation to the ball and encouraging their father to get ready (reprise of "Je serai charmante".) Maguelonne teases Marie about not being able to attend the ball to which she responds that all she wants is to be loved by her family ("Cheres soeurs".)
After the Baron, Maguelonne and Armalinde leave, Marie begins singing her song again, noting how much she wanted to see the Valet again, calling the attention of her fairy godmother (La Fee) who arrives to send Marie to the ball ("Je viens te rendre a l'esperance".) Staying relatively faithful to the original fairy-tale la Fee turns a pumpkin into a carriage, mice into horses, lizards into footmen, and a rat into a coachman. Marie's godmother reminds her to be back by midnight or the spell would break, while giving her slippers (not specified as glass in this adaptation) and a magic veil that will turn her rags into a beautiful gown. La Fee sends her goddaughter on her way, and then heads to the ball herself.
Act II.
Back at the palace, the Prince and Barigoule have switched rolls again for the evening - and Barigoule sings about how happy he is get to be the Prince ("Puisque me voila Prince".) The Pictordu family (minus Marie) then arrives and introduces themselves to Barigoule throughout a series of entrees. As the Barigoule attempts to whisk off Maguelonne and Armalinde off to see "his" treasures, the Prince notices another woman needing to be formally introduced. The crowd is taken aback by her beauty ("Quelle est cette belle inconnue?") before the Prince realizes its the woman he fell in love with as a beggar and Marie recognizing the Prince as the charming man singing a semi-duet over the crowd. After the Prince and crowd regain their composure, Barigoule proposes a song, both sisters comment that there are too many people to sing, but La Fee responds "absolutely" and sings a song. The score specifies that this can be any song of the singer or director's choosing (and is omitted in some performances). In many performances of the opera, Viardot's vocal adaptations of Chopin Mazurkas are used, particularly "La Fete" (The Festival) which ironically talks about a village getting ready for a ball. After the performance by La Fee, Barigoule then asks the ladies to dance to which the crowd asks for a minuet. After the dance, the entire crowd leaves for the buffet, while Marie and the Prince have a moment alone ("C'est moi, ne craignez rien!") At the end of the duet, the two share a kiss before Marie realizes that midnight has come and leaves abruptly leaving behind a slipper, while the guests sing a rousing (and implicitly drunken) song about roses ("La belle fille, toi qui vends des roses".)
Act III.
Baron Pictordu awakens in his own house commenting that the Prince, (rather who he thought was the prince), had a remarkable resemblance to someone he once knew. Barigoule arrives thinking the same thing, and revealing that he actually isn't the Prince and that he used to work with Pictordu when he was a greengrocer. They reminisce on their past line of work and their shared love interest Gorthon ("Votre altes se me fait l'honneur".) Barigoule brings word that the Prince is looking for the lady at the ball who left her slipper, so that he might marry her. The sisters, upon hearing this revel in their excitement ("Quelle drole d'aventure".) Barigoule hears the Prince's royal march in the distance and the Prince with his footman arrive ("Silence!".) The Prince, now actually as himself, thanks the ladies for responding to his appeal, and directs Barigoule to begin trying the slipper on each one. The slipper fits neither of the sisters, to which the Prince decides that the mysterious lady wasn't from this home and starts to leave but not before Barigoule remembering that there were three ladies from the house of Pictordu. The Prince questions Amalinde and Maguelonne about this and it is revealed that the third sister is in the kitchen. The Prince orders Barigoule to find the other sister and try the slipper on her. Marie is brought into the room, and of course, the slipper is a perfect fit. The Prince immediately asks Marie to marry him, and her family asks her to forgive them for how they treated her. La Fee returns to give her well wishes to the new couple, bidding them to be happy ("Je viens pour la derniere fois") while the crowd sings about how delirious joyful and bubbling over in love the new couple is (Finale: "De leur bonheur".) The curtain closes with Marie and the Prince kissing, about to live happily ever after...
Productions.
Although not performed frequently during the 20th century, in the past few years there have been several professional productions of "Cendrillon", at the Caramoor International Music Festival as well as by the Lyric Opera of Los Angeles, both in 2004. "Cendrillon" has also gained popularity as a collegiate production, perhaps due to its vocal accessibility, light instrumental requirements, and very flexible staging. Recent college productions include a 2007 Cornell University presentation in English and a French performance by La Sierra University in 2008. Ithaca College also presented a production in 2009 as part of a double bill with Maurice Ravel's "L'enfant et les sortilèges". In Baden-Baden, where Pauline Viardot lived during some of her later years, the local theatre adapted a version of Cendrillon for its 150 year jubilee.

</doc>
<doc id="20614101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614101" title="Fox Europa">
Fox Europa

Fox Europa is a foreign-language branch of 20th Century Fox film studios. They have released many notable foreign films over the years, including the 1934 French version of Ferenc Molnár's "Liliom", starring Charles Boyer in the title role and the Dutch animated film "Sverbt ken buint Dirsok" ("The Student Prince") in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20614103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614103" title="Əlix">
Əlix

Əlix is a village in the municipality of Quturğan in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614106" title="Roman Catholicism in Samoa">
Roman Catholicism in Samoa

The Roman Catholic Church in Samoa is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, which, inspired by the life, death and teachings of Jesus Christ, and under the spiritual leadership of the Pope and Roman curia in the Vatican City (within Rome) is the largest Christian church in the world. Catholic missionaries arrived in Samoa in 1845 and today Catholics account for around 20% of the overall population. Archbishop Alapati Lui Mataeliga was ordained as head of the Archdiocese of Samoa-Apia in 2003.
Demographics.
A 2002 census revealed that out of 176,848 Samoans, 24,754 of them were Roman Catholics.
The population of Samoa is about 99% Christian. According to the CIA World Fact Book, in the 2001 census, Roman Catholics accounted for 19.6% of the population, being the second largest Christian denomination after Congregationalist at 34.8%.
History.
Prior to the arrival of European visitors, Samoa had a complex polytheistic religion which also incorporated elements of ancestor worship. The war goddess (Nafanua) had prophesied that there would come a new religion which would end the rule of the old. Christian Sailors had been visiting Samoa from the late 18th century, and had been teaching Christianity and some locals had converted. In 1830, the London Missionary Society arrived at Sapapalii. In 1836 Pope Gregory XVI commissioned the Marist Fathers to bring Catholicism to the Western Pacific and missionaries from this French religious institute arrived in Samoa in 1845. In 1848, the first version of the New Testament was printed in the Samoan language, followed by a Samoan version of the Old Testament in 1855. Catholics and Protestants competed for converts amidst a backdrop of Imperial rivalries between Catholic France and Protestant Britain. Christianity took firm root in the islands and attendance at Church on Sundays has remained high to the present day
In 1896, Mgr. Broyer was appointed Vicar Apostolic of Samoa and Tokelau, with residence at Apia. In 1954, Pio Taofinu'u was ordained as Polynesia's first Catholic bishop. In 2006, having been made the first Pacific and first Samoan Cardinal, he died at the age of 82. In 2007, in a ceremony organized by the Catholic Church, the Samoan head of state asked for divine forgiveness of his country's sins. At World Youth Day 2008, "up to a thousand" Samoan youths participated in the activities in Sydney.
Churches of various denominations are often the grandest buildings in Samoan villages. The Mulivai Catholic Cathedral is located in Apia. Catholic religious organisations have been active in health, education and social work in Samoa, including the work of religious institutes including the Marist Brothers and Little Sisters of the Poor.

</doc>
<doc id="20614108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614108" title="Knarçay">
Knarçay

Knarçay is a village in the municipality of Quturğan in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614109" title="Umicore">
Umicore

Umicore N.V.. formerly Union Minière, is a multinational materials technology company headquartered in Brussels, Belgium.
Formed in 1989 by the merger of four companies in the mining and smelting industries, Umicore has since reshaped itself into a more technology-focused business encompassing such areas as the refining and recycling of precious metals and the manufacture of specialised products from precious metals, cobalt, germanium, zinc and other metals. The company has been a component of Belgium's benchmark BEL20 stock market index since its 1991 inception.
To symbolise this trend of moving away from mining and the production of commodities and base metals, the group Union Minière changed its name to Umicore in 2001.
History.
Colonial origins.
The main thread running through much of Umicore's history is the "Union Minière du Haut Katanga" (UMHK), a company incorporated in 1906 to exploit the vast natural resources of the Congo Free State, later the Belgian Congo and now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Initially the UMHK concentrated on mining the state's extensive copper deposits, before diversifying into cobalt, tin, uranium (in which it at one point held a near-monopoly in global supply) and other precious metals. The company also constructed casting and smelting facilities, eventually growing to such an extent that it represented around half of all revenues taken in by the Congolese government. In early January 1967, the UMHK was nationalized by the regime of President Mobutu Sese Seko, and over $800 million of the company's assets were seized by the state.
After Katanga.
The firm suddenly found itself without the vast majority of its business (despite later receiving financial compensation for the physical assets seized by Mobutu's regime) but managed to survive: full ownership passed to conglomerate "Société Générale de Belgique", where it was grouped with its other metals and mining interests. As a reflection of its enforced departure from the Katanga Province, the new, simplified name "Union Minière" was adopted. With its more European focus, Union Minière began to grow its business again through the 1980s, initially largely organically. In 1989 however, Société Générale announced plans to merge Union Minière with three other Belgian metals companies in which it held a significant stake: zinc producer Vieille Montagne (with a history stretching back to 1805); Metallurgie Hoboken-Overpelt, which dealt in a wide range of metals including copper, cobalt and lead; and Mechim, an engineering firm. The much enlarged company was initially renamed Acec-Union Minière (although the prefix was dropped in 1992) and subsequently set about streamlining its organisational structure, but the global economic downturn of the early-to-mid-1990s hit profits and forced management to implement a major restructuring programme in 1995. The three-year plan, implemented under the guidance of recently appointed CEO Karel Vinck, involved the loss of around 25% of Union Minière's workforce and the sale of a number of non-core assets, including a zinc wire operation, French roofing material retailer Asturienne and much of the company's exposure to the diamond products sector (including Diamant Boart).
Operations.
Umicore is now focused exclusively on the recycling of non-ferrous metals and the manufacture of specialised metallic and non-metal products. Mining, originally the lifeblood of the company, now plays no direct part in the business: a minority stake in zinc producer Padaeng Industry, which operates a mine in the north of Thailand, was Umicore's last remaining presence in the sector and was sold in April 2008. Umicore's copper extraction and refining operations were divested in 2005, with its zinc refining operations following in 2007; these now form part of Aurubis and Nyrstar respectively.
The company divides its current operations into four distinct divisions: Energy Materials, Recycling, Catalysis and Performance Materials.
Business divisions.
Energy Materials.
The Energy Materials division manufactures a range of specialised metal and metalloid products for industrial use, including fine metal powders for diamond and hard metal tools, as well as oxides and salts of cobalt, lithium and nickel for use in batteries, glass and ceramics. The division also produces and markets products of germanium, both in compounds for doping optical fibres, semiconductor wafers and infrared optics. The unit is headquartered at the company's plant in Olen near Antwerp, with production and commercial facilities in a number of countries worldwide.
Recycling.
The Recycling business segment covers four main activities: its core business is the recycling and refining of various precious and other non-ferrous metals, as well as certain nonmetals such as selenium. Umicore is the world's largest recycler of precious metals. Most of the materials (around two-thirds in terms of refining charges) put through the refining process are by-products from the production of non-ferrous metals, such as dross, matte and speiss from the zinc smelting industry and anode sludge built up during electrolysis. Other sources of materials used for recycling include slag, spent fuel cells, automotive and industrial catalysts and scrap electronic equipment. Production is headquartered at Umicore's precious metals facility in Hoboken near Antwerp, with other plants in Germany and the United States.
Battery Recycling is a second business unit, focused on the recycling of spent rechargeable batteries from laptops, mobile phones and hybrid electric vehicles. Jewellery and Industrial Metals produces semi-finished precious metals-based products, for jewellery and industrial applications and is a major recycler of scrap and residues from the jewellery industry.
The Recycling segment also encompasses a management unit, which sells precious metals in ingot form to industrial clients and offers access to related financial instruments for hedging purposes. The unit is based in Hanau, Germany.
Catalysis.
Umicore's third business segment, its largest in terms of revenue, is composed of two subdivisions, Automotive Catalysts and Precious Metals Chemistry. In automotive catalysts, a field in which the company had begun research in 1968, the company ranks third in global market share behind BASF Catalysts (formerly Engelhard) and Johnson Matthey. Umicore increased its presence in the sector with the June 2007 purchase of the catalyst division of troubled American auto parts manufacturer Delphi for $55.6 million.
Performance Materials.
Performance Materials concentrates on the production of specialised items, chiefly from precious metals and zinc. It is organized around five business units: Building Products (the production of zinc-based items for the construction trade), Electroplating (organized in the daughter company Allgemeine Gold- und Silberscheideanstalt AG), Platinum Engineered Materials (platinum for the production of gauzes for fertilizer production and nitrous oxide abatement systems), Technical Materials (including alloys for brazing, metallic contacts for use in electrical engineering, various materials and components from platinum and materials for hermetic sealing and electronic packaging) and Zinc Chemicals (zinc oxides and powders used for corrosion or ultraviolet radiation protection).
It also comprises a 40% shareholding in Element Six Abrasives - a joint venture with De Beers.
Financial information.
Shareholder structure.
At 9 February 2011, five institutions had declared holdings of 3% or greater in Umicore: the company itself in treasury stock (6.19%), Fidelity International (6.75%), BlackRock (8.33%), Ameriprise Financial (3.00%) and Fidelity Management and Research (3.22%). The implied free float of the company is 100%.
Sponsorship.
The company serves as title sponsor of the Umicore Solar Team, the Leuven-based entrant in the 2005, 2007 and 2009 editions of the World Solar Challenge, a solar-powered car race through the Australian Outback. The germanium substrates in the car's solar cells were also provided by Umicore. The team finished in second place in the 2007 race.

</doc>
<doc id="20614116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614116" title="Arçan">
Arçan

Arçan is a village in the municipality of Quturğan in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614121" title="Yerği Kek">
Yerği Kek

Yerği Kek is a village in the municipality of Sudur in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614127" title="Mucuqoba">
Mucuqoba

Mucuqoba is a village in the municipality of Aşağı İmamqulukənd in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614133" title="Priolo (horse)">
Priolo (horse)

Priolo (foaled March 17, 1987 in the United States) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred and raced by Chryss Goulandris' Ecurie Skymarc Farm. In 1990 he won two Group One races and ran second to Saumarez in the Grand Prix de Paris. Sent to Belmont Park in the United States, he was third behind winner Royal Academy and runnerup, Itsallgreektome in the 1990 Breeders' Cup Mile.
In 1991, Priolo won his third Group One event, capturing the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp.
Retired from racing, in December 1991, Priolo was sent to stand at stud in Ireland. His offspring have met with limited racing success.

</doc>
<doc id="20614136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614136" title="Bunny Guinness">
Bunny Guinness

Bunny Guinness is a chartered landscape architect, journalist and radio personality who is a regular panellist on the long running BBC Radio 4 programme, "Gardener's Question Time". She also writes a weekly column in the "Sunday Telegraph". She presented The Great Garden Challenge on Channel 4 in 2005.
Guinness gained a BSc honours degree in horticulture at Reading University, followed by qualifying as a landscape architect at Birmingham Polytechnic (now Birmingham City University). She was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University in 2009.
She exhibits regularly at the Chelsea Flower Show, where she has won six gold medals. Her core business, Bunny Guinness Landscape Design Limited, is based near Peterborough in central England.
Family.
Guinness is her married name; her husband is a member of the Guinness brewing family. Her mother and cousin both run plant nurseries and her uncle is the rose breeder David C.H. Austin. Her daughter, Unity, is, , a student of landscape architecture. Her son, Freddie, decided to pursue a different path and is studying medicine at St. George's College, University of London.

</doc>
<doc id="20614147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614147" title="Suduroba">
Suduroba

Suduroba is a village in the municipality of İmamqulukənd in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20614165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614165" title="Parc Zoologique et Botanique de Mulhouse">
Parc Zoologique et Botanique de Mulhouse

The Parc Zoologique et Botanique de Mulhouse is a public zoo and botanical garden located at 51 Rue du Jardin Zoologique, Mulhouse, in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace Region of France.
The Park and Zoo are members of Botanic Gardens Conservation International (BGCI), the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA), and the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA).
History.
The park was created in 1868 as a romantic landscape garden, funded by industrial philanthropists, with a zoo whose collection included kangaroo, deer and birds. In the war of 1870, however, the park was shut and its animals sold. After it changed hands twice, the city purchased the park in 1893, and it has remained in municipal ownership since. Although heavily damaged during World War II, it was restored by 1950.
Animals.
Today the zoo keeps more than 1200 animals representing 190 species, including many species of tropical birds and monkeys, and 94 species that are rare and endangered, and is dedicated to preserving rare species of plants and animals.
In the children's zoo, visitors can walk through the enclosure and approach and touch the animals, which include Moroccan dwarf goats, Indian runner ducks, brahma cocks, and potamochoerus. Other animals which you can see in this area include rabbits, Poitou donkeys, and llamas. There is a play area next to the children's zoo.
Gardens.
The park contains 400 kinds of iris in spring and 100 cultivars (varieties) of dahlias in summer, trees shaped into fantastic forms, and a collection of rare and endangered plants that includes Catharanthus from Madagascar (7 taxa), Canary Islands (22 taxa), and Madeira (11 taxa). It also features a garden of the senses for the blind, with signs in braille and plants chosen for their smell and touch. The park is listed by the French Ministry of Culture as one of the Remarkable Gardens of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20614168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614168" title="Galactus Jack">
Galactus Jack

Galactus Jack, real name Ben Jack (born 1982 in Bristol) is a British DJ and producer who was once one third of House music outfit Aorta.
Biography.
Jack Spent most of his years growing up in Cambridge, where he picked up an interest in DJ'ing at the relatively late age of 18. Having spent two years working for British Youth For Christ, he formed the house music group Aorta with DJ and friend Simon Dayman in 2002. 
Aorta.
Aorta was born when friends and DJ's Ben Jack and Simon Dayman felt frustrated at the lack of diversity in Christian worship music. They set about to create a group which encouraged the church to think outside the box on matters of musical and non musical worship. The duo were joined in 2004 by producer Andy Searle Barnes, and quickly established themselves as a group of noteworthy talent with appearances all over the UK, including the Greenbelt festival, Spring Harvest, and Soul Survivor (charity).
In August 2005 the group released their debut EP 'Love Hope Future' on Rubik Records to positive reviews.
In 2008 the band announced they would be separating in July to concentrate on solo projects.
Going Solo.
As a solo artist Galactus Jack has moved in a different direction. Fusing his diverse love of music with his DJ and production skills he creates a sound more like a rock band than a DJ, but still very much in the electronic genre. His debut single 'Headspace' gave fans their first taste of his solo material and showcased a rockier edgier sound. The single was featured on the various artists album The Rose Sessions: Volume One (TVCM Music 2008).
Reality Bytes.
The Debut EP from Galactus Jack is called Reality Bytes and was released on April 27, 2009 worldwide through the TVCM Music label.
The EP was written and produced with Chris Taylor at Liverpool's Rooftop Audio Studio's and features guest vocals from CCM artist Shell, MC Ad-Apt and singer/songwriter Lindsey.
"Reality Bytes" received positive reviews from various online sites such as Cross Rhythms, Soul Audio and Louder Than The Music
The Rose Sessions.
The Rose Sessions: Volume One is a Various Artists album produced by TVCM Music and The Rose Education Foundation to raise funds for the Foundation. Produced by Galactus Jack, the album features 12 tracks, with all profits going to charity.
Featuring an exclusive track from international number one selling artist Sandi Thom (I Wish I Was A Punk Rocker), completely unavailable anywhere else!
Every track on the album has been donated to support the work of The Rose
Education Foundation around the world, and 100% of the profits will go directly to
help children around the world.
Galactus Jack says of the project:
“It all started back in February when I was in the Far East with the foundation,
checking out some of the projects. During a particularly bumpy flight between
Malaysia and Thailand, Maurice Dimmock and myself began chatting about
opportunities for raising the profile and generating funds for the foundation. We hit
upon the idea of putting together some kind of charity album and asking bands to
donate a track to the cause. 6 Months later here we are! Its just been an amazing
road to travel down, and its an absolute privilege to be able to support the fantastic
life changing work of the Rose Education Foundation with this album release”
The full track listing is:
1. Rainbird - Sandi Thom
2. Resolutions - The Silver Lakes
3. Headspace - Galactus Jack
4. Can You See The Stars - The Austin Francis Connection
5. Made To Be Me - Shell Perris
6. Through The Smoke - 
7. Bombay Afternoon - Kenny Mitchell
8. You You You - Kit Ashton
9. Through Everything (Acoustic) - Simple Reason
10. Touch Skin - Aorta ft. Shane Beales
11. Heaven - Lindsey
12. There Is - Bosh
Remix Work.
Galactus Jack remixed the single "Push Back" by indie rockers The Gentlemen. The single was released in the UK on August 31, 2009 through record label The Stereo Tree.

</doc>
<doc id="20614181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614181" title="Baggy Pants and the Nitwits">
Baggy Pants and the Nitwits

Baggy Pants and the Nitwits is a 1977 animated series, produced by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises and broadcast on NBC.
Overview.
Each half-hour episode contains two cartoon segments:
Baggy Pants is an anthropomorphic cat dressed as Charlie Chaplin's "Tramp" character, right down to the mustache and cane. His misadventures are somewhat reminiscent of Chaplin's, and there is no spoken dialogue in his cartoons.
The Nitwits is about an elderly superhero named Tyrone, who has come out of retirement, and his wife Gladys. These two characters are based on the ones played by Arte Johnson and Ruth Buzzi on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", and are voiced by the same actors.
The series ran for 13 episodes; it has not been released on home video.

</doc>
<doc id="20614202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614202" title="Henry G. Struve">
Henry G. Struve

Henry G. Struve (November 17, 1836 - June 13, 1905) was a prominent lawyer, legislator, historian and banker in Seattle, Washington, during the 19th and early 20th centuries. A member of the celebrated Struve family, he was elected mayor of Seattle in 1882 and 1883, during a time of rapid civic growth and prosperity.
Early life and marriage.
Struve was born in 1836 in the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg in northern Germany, the son of Friedrich and Marie Margarethe (Claussen) Struve. He received and academic education in Germany before emigrating to the United States in 1853 at the age of 16. After a short stay in New York City he went to California, where he located near Jackson in Amador County. There he engaged in mining, studied law, and wrote for newspapers. He was admitted to the bar in 1859.
In February 1860 Struve moved to Vancouver, Washington, where he was editor of the "Vancouver Chronicle" for a year. He then commenced the practice of law in the winter of 1861. Struve was elected district attorney for the 2nd Judicial District in 1862 and was thrice reelected, serving until his resignation in 1869.
At Vancouver in October 1863, Struve married Lascelle Knighton (1846-1903), daughter of Captain H.M. Knighton, a prominent early settler of Washington Territory. The Struves were the parents of four children:
Territorial secretary.
Struve was elected to the lower house of the territorial legislature in 1865 and was chairman of the judiciary committee. He was elected to the legislative council in 1867, serving as its president in that session and in those of 1869 and 1870. He was chairman of the committee on ways and means, and in 1869 he secured passage of a law recognizing community property rights of married persons.
He resigned as district attorney upon his election as judge of probate of Clarke County in 1869. Struve moved to Olympia in 1871 and assumed the editorship of the "Puget Sound Daily Chronicle". After a promising start, he left newspaper work later in 1871 when President Ulysses S. Grant appointed him secretary of Washington Territory. He held this position to the end of the Grant Administration in 1877. While serving as territorial secretary, Struve was sole attorney for the Northern Pacific Railroad, and remained its chief litigator until the completion of the railroad in 1883.
In 1872 Struve was a delegate to the Republican National Convention at Philadelphia where Grant was renominated. Fraternally, he was active in the Independent Order of Odd Fellows, and in 1874 served as grand master of the Grand Lodge of Oregon, which then embraced Oregon, Washington and Idaho. In 1876 he was representative from the Grand Lodge of Oregon to the Sovereign Grand Lodge of the order, and in this capacity instituted the Grand Lodge of Washington. Socially, he was a member of the Rainier Club.
Law and business interests.
Struve was commissioner for the codification of the laws of Washington in 1877-78, resigning to devote his attention to his rapidly growing law practice. In 1879 he moved to Seattle, where he formed the law partnership of Struve & Leary with John Leary. Colonel J.C. Haines joined the firm in 1880, and Maurice McMicken replaced Leary in 1884. Haines withdrew from the firm in 1889. When John B. Allen joined the firm in 1893, it was organized as Struve, Allen, Hughes & McMicken.
He was one of the principal projectors of the system of cable car street railways in Seattle, serving as president of the Madison Street line until 1899. He was one of the organizers and a director of the Home Insurance Company, which paid out a $100,000 fire loss in the great Seattle fire of June 6, 1889. In November 1889 he was an incorporator of the Boston National Bank of Seattle, serving as vice president and a director. Struve was also the sole agent in Washington of the German Savings & Loan Society of San Francisco until 1896, at which time he was succeeded by his son Frederick Karl.
Mayor of Seattle.
In 1879, soon after moving to Seattle, Struve was appointed a regent of the Territorial University (forerunner of the University of Washington), and served, by reappointment, four terms, being president of the board during that tenure.
Struve was elected mayor of Seattle in 1882 and was reelected in 1883. During his tenure the city enjoyed great prosperity and growth; many civic improvements were made, at a cost of more than $500,000, and Seattle's population doubled from 5,000 to 10,000. As mayor he received the Villard party upon the completion of the Northern Pacific Railroad in September 1883. Upon leaving the office of mayor in 1884, Struve was elected school director, serving until 1887.
Appointed judge advocate general by Governor Squire in January 1886, Struve took a prominent part in directing the militia when Seattle was placed under martial law following the anti-Chinese riots of February 1886 (during the mayoralty of Henry L. Yesler).
Later life.
In 1887 Struve was appointed reporter of the Territorial Supreme Court. Under his supervision the third volume of the "Washington Territory Reports" was compiled.
Struve was greatly interested in historical research and investigated Washington's early history in his leisure hours, intending to publish the results in book form, but all of his data was lost in the great Seattle fire of June 6, 1889. However, he started on the work again at a later period.
Struve was a member of the board of freeholders that framed a new city charter for Seattle in 1890. He soon had to decline many honors and confine his attention to his extensive private practice, acting as counsel for many railroads and lumbering and coal-mining companies.
Henry G. Struve died during a visit to New York City on June 13, 1905. His death was very unexpected, his daughter Mary being the only member of the family with him at the time. Burial was in Lake View Cemetery in Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="20614284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614284" title="Oculo-respiratory syndrome">
Oculo-respiratory syndrome

Oculo-respiratory syndrome is a usually transient condition characterized by bilateral conjunctivitis, facial edema, and upper respiratory symptoms following influenza immunization. Symptoms typically appear 2 to 24 hours after vaccination and resolve within 48 hours of onset.
References.
http://cvi.asm.org/content/early/2013/05/16/CVI.00659-12.abstract Copyright © 2013, American Society for Microbiology. All Rights Reserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20614295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614295" title="Christian Prosenik">
Christian Prosenik

Christian Prosenik (born 7 June 1968) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently working with the under-19 team of SK Rapid Wien.
Personal.
Prosenik has a son named Philipp.

</doc>
<doc id="20614300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614300" title="Nacotchtank">
Nacotchtank

The Nacotchtank were a native Algonquian people who lived in the area of what is now Washington, D.C. during the 17th century. Their principal village (also named Nacotchtank) was situated within the modern borders of the District of Columbia, on the eastern bank of a small river that still bears an anglicised variant of their name — the Anacostia. 
The Nacotchtank seem to have been associated with the larger Piscataway, whose "Tayac" or grand chief ruled over a loose confederacy of area tribes. Another closely related tribe was the Doeg, whose homeland was on what is now the Virginia side of the Potomac, in the area around Fairfax, Prince William, and Stafford counties. All of these groups are thought to have spoken the Piscataway (or similar) variant of the Nanticoke language.
Encounters with the English.
The Nacotchtank were first recorded by Captain John Smith, who visited their palisaded village in 1608, and found them friendly. He noted that their main village had 80 fighting men, with a total population of about 300. It was an important trading center; tribes as distant as the Iroquois of New York would come to trade beaver pelts. The name "Nacotchtank", existing in several historical variants including Nacostine, Anacostine, Anaquashtank, Nacothtant, Nachatanke etc., is said to mean "Trading village".
In 1622, Captain Henry Fleet took a party of English, together with their Patawomeck allies, to attack the rival Nacotchtank, killing 18 and burning their village. After the Nacotchtank took Fleet captive the following year, they held him for 5 years, during which time he learned their language. After escaping in 1628, he returned to Nacotchtank in 1632 and obtained "800 weight" of pelts.
He was told the Nacotchtank enjoyed a monopoly among area tribes on fur trade with the Iroquois. Fleet noted another of their villages called "Tohoga", roughly the site of modern Georgetown. Two years later when the colony of Maryland was established, Fleet was still there as a trader, as related by the Jesuits. 
Around 1668, greatly depopulated from Eurasian infectious diseases endemic to the English, to which they had no immunity, the Nacotchtank relocated to Anacostine Island (present-day Theodore Roosevelt Island.) Remnants and descendants likely merged with the Piscataway.

</doc>
<doc id="20614305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20614305" title="Mick Moss">
Mick Moss

Mick Moss (August 8, 1975) is an English singer/songwriter. He is best known for his role in UK band Antimatter.
Musical History.
Moss began writing music for a solo career in 1995 after numerous disappointments with previous bands, the idea being that no longer could a key member pull out leaving the current project in ruins.
From 96-98 the solo project went through numerous name changes, from ‘The Reptile Brain’, to ‘Heavy Soul’ and eventually ‘Cloud One’. The style of music early on was instrumental with a strong leaning towards rhythmic psychedelic rock/trance. The addition of vocals to Moss’s abilities in 1996 led to a shift in musical direction, where the writing turned to dark, melodic acoustic rock. During this period he wrote and recorded key tracks ‘Over Your Shoulder’, ‘Saviour’, ‘Too Late’ and ‘Angel’ (later re-titled to ‘Angelic’).
Antimatter was formed in 1998 when Duncan Patterson (then of Anathema) approached Moss to record an album with him after hearing Moss’s demos which bore a striking resemblance to his own newer material on Anathema’s ‘Alternative 4’ album (neither party had heard the others latest material).
The project was titled ‘Antimatter’ by Patterson, and would record their debut album in 2000. The album ‘Saviour’, featured an even split of songs written separately by Patterson and Moss. This method of writing alone and then compiling completed songs into one album would continue for the course of Patterson’s involvement in the project.
Patterson decided he’d had enough of Antimatter after the release of the third album ‘Planetary Confinement’. Due to the non-collaborative nature of the previous albums, Moss (with Patterson’s blessing) continued with the projects name, writing and releasing the entirety of the fourth album, ‘Leaving Eden’, and continuing to tour performing Antimatter songs of his own composition.
In 2008, Mick established his own record label ‘Music In Stone’, releasing Antimatter's Live@An Club.
From 2009 - 2010 Moss compiled the 3CD/DVD, 100 page artbook 'Alternative Matter', producing the 30 minute documentary 'The Small Yesterdays'.
Discography.
2002 - Antimatter – Saviour
2003 - Antimatter - Lights Out
2003 - Antimatter - Live@K13
2004 - V/A - The Lotus Eaters, A Tribute To Dead Can Dance
2004 - Antimatter - Unreleased 98-03 (Internet Release only)
2005 - Antimatter - Planetary Confinement
2006 - Bushido - Sonnenbank Flavour (Single)
2007 - Antimatter - Leaving Eden
2009 - The Last Embrace - Aerial
2009 - Antimatter - Live@An Club
2010 - Antimatter - Alternative Matter CD/DVD
2012 - Fourteen Twentysix - In Halflight Our Soul Glows
2012 - The Beautified Project - Broken Smile (Single)
2012 - Antimatter - Fear Of A Unique Identity
2012 - The Beautified Project - Unplugged At Puppet Theater
2013 - Eudaimony - Futile
2013 - The Beautified Project - United We Fall
2013 - Tim Fromont Placenti - Original Sadtrack From The Cinnamon Screen
2014 - Antimatter - Too Late (Single)
2014 - Sleeping Pulse - Under The Same Sky
2014 - Trees Of Eternity - (Debut Album)

</doc>
