<doc id="20745192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745192" title="Erich Eberhardt">
Erich Eberhardt

Erich Eberhardt was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Erich Eberhardt was born in Wiesbaden on the 1 October 1913. In 1931 he joined the Hamburg police force. He then was one of the early members of the SS, which he joined in 1934 and was given the SS service number 272 747, Nazi Party Number 4 178 022. His first unit was the 8th Company, SS Standarte "Germania".
In 1936 he was selected to become an officer and sent to the SS-Junkerschule at Braunschweig, being promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) upon graduation.
World War II.
At the start of World War II Eberhardt was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and company commander of the 12th Company, 9th SS Grenadier Regiment, SS Division "Wiking".
During the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa), he was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in July 1941 and the 1st class award in September 1941.
Eberhardt was posted to the 7th SS Mountain Division "Prinz Eugen" between March 1942 to June 1943, as an officer of the General Staff.
He was then posted as IA to the General Staff of the 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf" in October 1943 and was promoted to Obersturmbannführer (Major) in April 1944.
Erich Eberhardt was awarded the Knight's Cross for his actions in July 1944, when the 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf" was called forward by Field Marshal Model after the Russians had broken the German front and the army was in retreat.
As the Divisional commander had not yet arrived, Eberhardt as the Divisions IA, deployed the Division which succeeded in holding the line and while reconnaissance had revealed a strong Russian Armoured and Cavalry Corps advancing and threatening Grodno which would leave the south open to any assault.
The next morning Eberhardt decided to act independently, and ordered the "Totenkopf" to advance. In the area west of Grodno they managed to infiltrate the Russian lines and attacked the Russian flank, which forced the Armour and Cavalry units they were facing to contract and break up.
The Army Group now ordered a general push north and five Russian divisions were cut off and destroyed and the front stabilised. For his part in this action Eberhardt was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 23 August 1944.
The "Totenkopf" was in action until the last days of the war, when Eberhardt gave an instruction for the Division to move to the west to surrender to the American forces, rather than enter Soviet captivity.
Post war.
After the war Erich Eberhardt was a spokesman for the HIAG for the Rhineland and was on the 27 April 1963, adopted as the successor to Kurt "Panzer Meyer" Meyer.
Eberhardt died at Lohrheim on the 1 July 1965, from heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20745203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745203" title="Cataract River (Tenterfield)">
Cataract River (Tenterfield)

Cataract River, a mostly perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features.
Cataract River rises on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, near Red Hill, southeast of Tenterfield and flows generally north northeast, north, and northeast, joined by six minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Clarence River, near Paddys Flat. The river descends over its course; and flows through the Basket Swamp National Park and the Boonoo Boonoo National Park.
Between Timbara Road and Sandy Hill, the course of the Cataract River is generally adjacent to the Bruxner Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20745216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745216" title="Punta Allen">
Punta Allen

Punta Allen (officially Javier Rojo Gómez) is the largest village in the Sian Ka'an Biosphere Reserve at the end of the Boca Paila peninsula in Tulum Municipality in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo. It is a small Mayan fishing village with a 2010 census population of 469 inhabitants, and the only land access is by a rough 50 kilometre track.
The state government ordered the evacuation of the village during Hurricane Dolly in 2008. It lies at an elevation of 2 meters above sea level, according to INEGI.
The village has only about 4-5 blocks of sandy streets going inland from the sea and is only about 6-7 streets wide. Punta Allen has 2 generators that run electricity to the village during two periods daily; 11am - 2pm and from 5pm - midnight. It is wise to bring a flashlight along so you can find your way to the bathroom at night, without stepping on a scorpion, crab or any other creature of the night. 
For nutrition, the village has 4 mini markets, a frozen seafood store/house, a fresh seafood store/house, a produce store/house, a lobster co-op that makes ice, and a number of restaurants along the beachfront and scattered around town. On some days you can pre-order tamales to be delivered around 6pm, a local goes around in the morning to take orders.
The beach is not groomed, and is littered with garbage brought in by the waves. Most of this garbage is said to come from cruise ships and other Caribbean countries with open land fills. Every time a hurricane passes it picks up the garbage and deposits it in the sea, to be left till it makes its way to one of the beaches.
There is a dock on the lagoon with a palapa roof. This is a good spot for watching the sunset and perhaps a feeding dolphin or crocodile. Punta Allen is a perfect base for bird-watchers; Pelicans, Pink spoonbills, Frigates, mockingbirds, vultures and White Ibis nest nearby.
The Sian Ka’an Biosphere and Punta Allen draw bone fishermen from all over the world who enjoy the saltwater flats and fly-fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20745222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745222" title="Prosper L'Orange">
Prosper L'Orange

Prosper L'Orange (born 1 February 1876, Beirut; died 30 July 1939, Stuttgart) was a German engineer and inventor who pioneered the precombustion chamber (or prechamber), which made possible high-speed diesel engines that did not require an air compressor, and enabled them to be built small enough for use in road vehicles.
Career.
L'Orange moved to Germany and studied engineering at the Technical University of Berlin in Charlottenburg, Berlin. After his studies he worked for Gasmotoren-Fabrik Deutz AG as a research engineer from 1904, and from 1906 as research director. In October 1908, L'Orange moved from Deutz to Benz & Cie. in Mannheim, where he became head of Stationary Engine Construction. From 1912, on he was also a member of the Board of Directors.
In 1909, while working at Benz, he patented a precombustion chamber (DRP 230517, 14 March 1909) which made possible compact, lightweight diesel engines.
L'Orange was director of the Motoren Werke Mannheim AG (MWM) from 1922, which was formed that year when Carl Benz split up the engine division of his company.
Precombustion chamber.
The precombustion chamber patented in 1909 by L'Orange connects to the engine cylinder via a restricted passage, or burner. In operation, a narrow cone of fuel is sprayed down towards the burner by the single orifice injector nozzle. At this time the technology did not exist to manufacture nozzles with multiple orifices and diesels used high pressure air to spray the fuel directly into the cylinder. L'Orange also discovered that indirect injection diesel engines ran more smoothly and quietly than direct injection engines. Use of a precombustion chamber also reduced stress on the engine's structure, so that it could be made less heavy than a direct injection engine. However, indirect injection engines require higher compression ratios, about 20:1, to compensate for the greater surface to volume ratio causing more heat loss from the cylinder charge. They are also more difficult to start when cold, therefore the precombustion chambers are fitted with electrically heated glowplugs.
Legacy.
In September 1933, L'Orange's son Rudolf (1902–1958) founded Gebrüder L'Orange Motorzubehör GmbH, whose modern-day successor is L'Orange GmbH. The company's shares were bought from the L'Orange family in 1979 by ITT Automotive, and it was later bought by MTU München in 1985, and MTU Friedrichshafen in 1995, until finally becoming a member of the Tognum group in 2006. The company is still prominent in injection technology for large four-stroke-cycle engines. Besides diesel direct injection, it also supplies gasoline direct injection systems.
The fuel injection systems of the Daimler-Benz DB 605 aircraft engine (as used in the Messerschmitt Bf 109 WW2 fighter and manufactured postwar under licence by Svenska Flygmotor) were equipped with L'Orange fuel injectors fed by a Bosch injection pump.

</doc>
<doc id="20745232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745232" title="Niemals">
Niemals

"Niemals" ("Never") is a song by Farin Urlaub Racing Team. It's the second single and the seventh track from Farin Urlaub's third solo studio album "Die Wahrheit übers Lügen". The song is about narrator's understanding, that his love for someone will be unrequited, though it's hard to give it up.
Music video.
Farin is in a hotel room and is trying to call a woman, who, at the time the phone rings, is in the bathtub with her head underwater. A small puddle of blood is seen on the floor. The woman soon gets out of the bathtub and sees a message on her phone. She (presumably) calls back and listens Farin sing, although she doesn't react to it. She then ignites a picture of Farin; at the same time he throws the phone to a painting, smashing the glass and then, taking his guitar and jacket, leaves the hotel room. The woman is then seen putting on a bunny costume and holding a knife in her hand while on the phone. The last scene shows the woman lowering the phone after Farin and his band is seen stepping on an elevator.

</doc>
<doc id="20745239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745239" title="Nasielsk Synagogue">
Nasielsk Synagogue

The Nasielsk Synagogue was a notable Wooden synagogue in Nasielsk, Poland. The synagogue was built in the late 17th century or early 18th century by Simcha Weiss, son of Shlomo of Luck. Deteriorating synagogue was demolished in 1880.
The first official inventory of important buildings in Poland, "A General View of the Nature of Ancient Monuments in the Kingdom of Poland," led by Kazimierz Stronczynski from 1844–55, describes the Nasielsk Synagogue as one of Poland's architecturally notable buildings.
The main hall of the synagogue was square. There were wings on each side that served as women's prayer areas. A women's prayer balcony was added above the vestibule in 1857.
The synagogue had a two-tiered roof with dormer windows. The ceiling is thought to have been vaulted. The exterior featured a second story balcony and a pair of corner pavilions that contained stairs to the women's gallery. The exterior featured unusually elaborate railings, pillars and cornice trim.

</doc>
<doc id="20745250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745250" title="Bengt Backlund">
Bengt Backlund

Bengt Backlund (3 March 1926 – 11 July 2006) was a Swedish flatwater canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won two bronze medals at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in the C-1 1000 m and the C-1 1000m m events.
Backlund also finished fourth in the C-1 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20745293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745293" title="Robert Matheson">
Robert Matheson

Robert Matheson (1881, West River, Nova Scotia – 1958, Princeton, New Jersey) was an American entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.
He was Professor of Entomology, New York State College of Agriculture, Cornell University.
Works.
Partial list

</doc>
<doc id="20745301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745301" title="Anzoategui, La Pampa">
Anzoategui, La Pampa

Anzoategui is a locality in Caleu Caleu Department, La Pampa Province, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20745302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745302" title="Wooden synagogues of the former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth">
Wooden synagogues of the former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth

Wooden synagogues are an original style of Synagogue architecture that developed in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Uniqueness as an artistic and architectural form.
The wooden synagogue was "an original architectural genre" that drew on several models, including Poland's wooden building traditions and central plan, masonry synagogues in which four massive masonry pillars that define the Bimah rise to support the roof vaulting. Central pillars support the vaulting of only a handful of wooden synagogues. Instead, in wooden synagogues the vaulting and domes are suspended by elaborate roof trusses. Common features shared by wooden synagogues include the independence of the pitched roof from the design of the interior domed ceiling. The outside of a wooden synagogue gave no hint of the domes and multiple, Baroque vaults that would be found within. The exteriors were decidedly plain, giving no hint of the riot of carving, painting, domes, balconies and vaulting inside. The architectural interest of the exterior lay in the large scale of the buildings, the multiple, horizontal lines of the tiered roofs, and the carved corbels that supported them. The elaborate domed and vaulted ceilings were known as "raki'a" (Hebrew for sky or firmament) and were often painted blue sprinkled with stars. The Bimah was always placed in the center of the room. Wooden synagogues featured a single, large hall. In contrast to contemporary churches, there was no apse. Moreover, while contemporary churches featured imposing vestibules, the entry porches of the wooden synagogues was a low annex, usually with a simple lean-to roof. In these synagogues, the emphasis was on constructing a single, large, high-domed worship space.
According to art historian Stephen S. Kayser, the wooden synagogues of Poland with their painted and carved interiors were “a truly original and organic manifestation of artistic expression—the only real Jewish folk art in history.”
According to Louis Lozowick, writing in 1947, the wooden synagogues were unique because, unlike all previous synagogues, they were not built in the architectural style of their region and era, but in a newly evolved and uniquely Jewish style, making them "a truly original folk expression," whose "originality does not lie alone in the exterior architecture, it lies equally in the beautiful and intricate wood carving of the interior."
Moreover, while in many parts of the world Jews were proscribed from entering the building trades and even from practicing the decorative arts of painting and woodcarving, the wooden synagogues were actually built by Jewish craftsmen.
The interior vaulting of the Wolpa Synagogue is described by art historians Maria and Kazimierz Piechotka as having been "the most magnificent of all known wooden ceilings" in Europe. Of course, since Christians were free to build with brick and stone, few European buildings of the scale of the Wolpa synagogue were ever built in wood. The walls of the main hall were 7.2 meters high. The vaulting, under a three-tiered roof, rose to a height of fourteen meters in three tiers marked by fancy balustrades. Each tier was made up of several curving sections faced in wooden paneling to form a graceful, tiered and vaulted dome. The vaulted ceiling was supported by the four wooden corner columns that rose form the bimah, and by trusses in the roof.
Art historian Ori Z. Soltes points out that the wooden synagogues, unusual for that period in being large, identifiably Jewish buildings not hidden in courtyards or behind walls, were built not only during a Jewish "intellectual golden age" but in a time and place where "the local Jewish population was equal to or even greater than the Christian population.
History.
According to Maria and Kazimierz Piechotka, the wooden synagogue style developed in the century between the mid-sixteenth and mid-seventeenth centuries, a period of peace and prosperity for the Polish-Lithuanian Jewish community. In addition to Poland and Lithuania, wooden synagogues are found in modern Belarus and the Ukraine.
Wood was abundant and inexpensive in the heavily forested commonwealth, but a large part of the motivation for building in wood rather than masonry was the great difficulty of obtaining government permission to erect masonry synagogues. The wooden synagogues, which featured multi-layered high roofs, multi-beamed domes, galleries, wooden balconies and arches were built to high standards of craftsmanship.
Interior decoration.
The interiors were decorated with wall and ceiling paintings that, in many cases, covered the walls and ceilings entirely, and with elaborately carved wooden Torah arks.
Thomas Hubka has traced the style of decorative painting in the wooden synagogues to the medieval Hebrew illuminated manuscripts of Ashkenazi Jewry.
The intricate wooden decoration of the barrel vaulted ceiling of the Przedbórz Synagogue was considered so beautiful that before the Second World War it drew tourists to the small village of Przedbórz.
Regional variations.
Architectural historian Rachel Wischnitzer has traced regional variations in wooden synagogue style. The interiors of the wooden synagogues of Lithuania were not as exuberantly painted as were synagogues of other regions. Instead, Lithuanian synagogues were notable for architectural details such as ceilings with the boards laid in decorative herringbone patterns. Several Lithuanian synagogues featured corner pavilions. The wooden synagogues of Galicia were notable for their elaborate wall paintings.
Influence on art and architecture.
Frank Stella's "Polish village" series draws on images of Wooden synagogues published by Maria and Kazimierz Piechotkain in their 1957 book, Wooden synagogues.
The Sons of Israel Synagogue, by architects Davis, Brody and Wisniewski, in Lakewood, New Jersey evokes Polish wooden synagogues in modern materials in the shape of its roof. The Temple B'rith Kodesh in Rochester, New York, by architect Pietro Belluschi is roofed with a domed wooden drum intended to evoke the wooden synagogues of Poland. The modern building of Congregation Beth Shalom Rodfe Zedek in Chester, Connecticut was designed by artist Sol LeWitt who conceptualized the "airy" synagogue building with its shallow dome supported by "exuberant wooden roof beams" as an homage to the Wooden synagogues of eastern Europe.
Surviving wooden synagogues.
Although it was long thought that none of the wooden synagogues survived the destruction of the First and Second World Wars, it is now known that a number do survive, albeit only of the smaller type.
Surviving examples include:
Destroyed in the 21st century:

</doc>
<doc id="20745304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745304" title="First English Civil War, 1646">
First English Civil War, 1646

1646 was the fifth and final year of the First English Civil War. By the beginning of 1646 military victory for the Parliamentary forces was in sight. The last Royalist army was defeated in the field at the Battle of Torrington. From then on the New Model Army mopped up the remaining Royalist strongholds. The politics moved into a post war phase with all major the factions in England and Scotland, trying to reach an accommodation with King Charles that would further their own particular interests. 
1646 end of the war.
The only field army remaining to the King was Goring's, and though Hopton, who sorrowfully accepted the command after Goring's departure, tried at the last moment to revive the memories and the local patriotism of 1643, it was of no use to fight against the New Model with the armed rabble that Goring turned over to him. Dartmouth surrendered on January 18, 1646, Hopton was defeated at the Battle of Torrington on February 16, and surrendered the remnant of his worthless army on March 14. Exeter fell on April 13. Elsewhere, Hereford was taken on December 17, 1645, and the Battle of Stow-on-the-Wold, the last pitched battle of the war, was fought and lost at by Lord Astley on March 21, 1646.
Newark fell on May 6 and the third siege of Oxford ended with the signing of a treaty on June 24, the keys of the City were formally handed over to Fairfax the next day. Wallingford Castle, the last English royalist stronghold, fell after a 65-day siege on July 27. On August 31 Montrose escaped from the Highlands. On the 19th of the same month Raglan Castle surrendered, and the last Royalist post of all, Harlech Castle, maintained the useless struggle until March 13, 1647. Charles himself, after leaving Newark in November 1645, had spent the winter in and around Oxford, whence, after an adventurous journey, he came to the camp of the Scottish army at Southwell on May 5, 1646.
Aftermath.
The close of the First Civil War left England and Scotland in the hands potentially of any one of the four parties or any combination of two or more that should prove strong enough to dominate the rest. Armed political Royalism was indeed at an end, but Charles, though practically a prisoner, considered himself and was, almost to the last, considered by the rest as necessary to ensure the success of whichever amongst the other three parties could come to terms with him. Thus he passed successively into the hands of the Scots, Parliament and the New Model, trying to reverse the verdict of arms by coquetting with each in turn. The Presbyterians and the Scots, after, Cornet George Joyce of Fairfax's horse seized upon the person of the King for the army (June 3, 1647), began at once to prepare for a fresh civil war, this time against Independency, as embodied in the New Model Army and after making use of its sword, its opponents attempted to disband it, to send it on foreign service, to cut off its arrears of pay, with the result that it was exasperated beyond control, and, remembering not merely its grievances but also the principle for which it had fought, soon became the most powerful political party in the realm. From 1646 to 1648 the breach between the New Model Army and Parliament widened day by day until finally the Presbyterian party, combined with the Scots and the remaining Royalists, felt itself strong enough to begin a second civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="20745323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745323" title="Spring Grove Area High School">
Spring Grove Area High School

Spring Grove Area High School is one of two, public secondary schools within the Spring Grove Area School District. The School is located in Spring Grove, York County, Pennsylvania. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, Spring Grove Area High School reported an enrollment of 1,235 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 276 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level. The school employed 85.50 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act. Students attending the school have access to the free or reduced price breakfast and school lunch programs. The meals are partially funded with federal dollars through the United States Department of Agriculture.
Spring Grove Area High School's instructional hours are 7:20 am – 2:30 pm. Spring Grove Area School District operates an anonymous tip line for students to provide information involving potential student threats upon individuals and/or property
Graduation rate.
In 2012, the graduation rate at Spring Grove Area School District was 91%. In 2011, the graduation rate was 95%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Spring Grove Area High School's rate was 92% for 2010.
Academics.
AP classes are a recent addition to Spring Grove's offered curriculum.
In 2012, Spring Grove Area School District remained in Warning status due to missing all reading metrics measured in 11th grade. In 2011, Spring Grove Area High School declined to Warning Status due to lagging student achievement in mathematics. In 2010, the school achieved AYP status under No Child Left Behind.
Science in Motion Spring Grove Area High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate.
Graduation requirements.
The Spring Grove Area School Board has set that a minimum of 25 credits, including English 1 credit/year in Grades 9–12, Social Studies 1 credit/year in Grades 9–12, Math 3 credits, Science 3 credits, Health/Wellness 2 credits, Arts and Humanities courses (art; music; world language) along with various other credits. The project is completed during the junior year and consists of two components: a tangible project and an oral presentation.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Pupils earn 1 credit for completion of their graduation project. Seniors must complete graduation project in their 11th grade year to be eligible for senior release. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. For the class of 2019, a composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Spring Grove Area High School did not apply to participate in 2006-07 or in 2007-08. Spring Grove Area High School received $188,223 in 2008-09. In York County the highest award was given to West Shore School District - $1,023,131. The highest funding state-wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. In 2010, Classrooms for the Future funding was curtailed statewide due to a massive state financial crisis.
Dual enrollment.
Spring Grove Area High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school, including the graduation ceremony. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. For the 2009–10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $19,929 for the program.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 32% of Spring Grove Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 169 Spring Grove Area School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 486. The Math average score was 513. The Writing average score was 481. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 201 Spring Grove Area students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 490. The Math average score was 511. The Writing average score was 480. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Extracurriculars.
Spring Grove Area High School offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive, costly sports program. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy and the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA). The District does not charge an activity fee to students regardless of how costly the program or sport is to run. Spring Grove School District spent $68,480 for the transportation of sports teams in 2011-12. Countywide nearly $1 million was spent on transporting public school sports teams. The total extracurricular budget for the District in 2007-08 was $711,420 and grew to $969,482 in 2010-11. Collectively, York County public schools spent over $9 million on sports budgets (does not include facility costs) in 2011-12.
Extracurricular activities available at Spring Grove include academics, such as Science Olympiad, Team America Rocketry Challenge, Student Launch Initiative, Envirothon, Vex Robotics, and Physics Olympics, and clubs, such as Key Club, GSA, Hacky Sack Club, Academic Booster club, Art Club, Book Club, Debate Club, Drama Club, Film Club, FBLA, Future Educators Club, History Club, Journalism, Link Crew, National Honor Society, Peer Mentoring, Physics Club, Power of One Club, Psychology Club, Project Harmony, Recycling Club, Rocket Scientists, SADD, Student Council, Ski Club, Spanish Club, Tech Squad, Tri-M Music Honor Society, Ultimate Frisbee, Yearbook, and York County Science and Engineering Fair.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The School provides:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="20745329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745329" title="National development bank">
National development bank

A National development bank is a finance institution, created by a country's government, that provides financing for the purposes of economic development of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20745331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745331" title="Manali Petrochemical">
Manali Petrochemical

Manali Petrochemical Ltd. (MPL) is a chemical company based in India. It markets propylene glycol and polyols It is based in Chennai, India.
Manali Petrochemical annually produces 27000 metric tonnes of propylene oxide, 14,000 metric tonnes of propylene glycol and 15,000 metric tonnes of polyether polyol and system polyol.
Manali Petrochemical Ltd Plant-I (originally built by SPIC) set up with the technology of Atochem for manufacture of PO and PG and that of Arco for manufacture of Polyuol acquired through Technip, France. Manali Petrochemical Ltd Plant-II (originally joint venture of UB and TIDCO) was merged with MPL later utilizes the technology of Enichem of Italy for the PO and PG and Press Industrial for manufacture of Polyol.

</doc>
<doc id="20745334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745334" title="Caleu Caleu Department">
Caleu Caleu Department

Caleu Caleu Department () is a department in southeastern La Pampa Province, Argentina. The name means gull in the Mapuche language. To the north it borders Hucal Department, to the east Buenos Aires Province, to the south Río Negro Province, and to the west Lihuel Cahel Department.
Many of the borders of the municipalities in the region do not align with those of the departments. Caleu Caleu includes part (including the capital) of the municipality of La Adela and part of the municipalities of Bernasconi, General San Martín and Jacinto Aráuz, which have their capitals in another department.
Anzoategui is also in the department.

</doc>
<doc id="20745357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745357" title="Samuel Colver">
Samuel Colver

Samuel Colver aka Samuel H. Culver (September 10, 1815 – 1891) was a pioneer of the U.S. state of Oregon. 
Early in life he studied law at Plymouth College in Indiana. Afterward, he served as a Texas Ranger and served with General Sam Houston at the Battle of San Jacinto, and later served as an Indian scout. 
In 1850, he and his brother Hiram moved their families to Oregon via the Oregon Trail. Samuel and Hiram founded the small community of Phoenix. Samuel built a home in Phoenix in 1855. It was known as the Samuel Colver House when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. When it was destroyed by fire in September 2008, it was the oldest residence in Jackson County. It had served as a fort during the Indian War and as center of activity for the local community during peaceful times. It was removed from the National Register in April 2009.
Colver became an Indian Agent in the Rogue River Valley, where he was a signer of the Table Rock Treaty on September 10, 1853. The treaty effectively ended the Rogue River War. He also served as a U.S. Marshall. 
Samuel Colver was married to Huldah, who was born in Ohio in 1823. They had two children, Isabel and Lewellyn. Lewellyn was killed in 1884 by a man who mistook him for a burglar, and Isabel died in 1886. Grief-stricken over the loss of both of his children, Samuel Colver was confined for a month to an asylum.
Samuel died mysteriously in 1891. He was found drowned near Upper Klamath Lake after riding out alone. He was known to have some enemies and there was rumor of land swindles, but nothing was ever proven.

</doc>
<doc id="20745364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745364" title="Paddy Le Mercier">
Paddy Le Mercier

Patrick 'Paddy' Le Mercier (born 1954) is a French violinist who has played in the French folk band Malicorne. He is now a member of Baka Beyond. He also recorded with the Stonehenge band.

</doc>
<doc id="20745374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745374" title="HidroAysén">
HidroAysén

HidroAysén (Pronounced: , meaning AysénHydro in Spanish ) is a megaproject that aims to build five hydroelectric power plants in Chile's Aysén Region, two on the Baker River and three on the Pascua River (with government subvention included to help relief costs).
The dams would generate a total of 2,750 MW with further capacity for 18,430 GWh on average annually. The projected cost is estimated at 3.2 billion U.S. dollars (1.5 trillion Chilean pesos), making it the largest energy project in the country's history.
According to HidroAysén, the project could generate 21% Central Interconnected System's (SIC) demand by 2020. A high-voltage direct current will be built between Aysén and the capital Santiago to feed the SIC and will include a submarine portion between Chaitén and Puerto Montt.
HidroAysén is owned by a corporation which is a joint venture between Endesa (a subsidiary of Italian conglomerate ENEL), with a 51% stake and by Colbún S.A. which owns the other 49%.
The dams were approved on May 9, 2011 under the government of President Sebastián Piñera. The decision was made by eleven counselors on a committee. Ten voted in favor, with one abstention. Twenty-seven days earlier the Foreign Investment Committee was already aware of the decision ahead of time.
The transmission line is yet to be approved.
If completed these companies would own 80% of the Chilean energy market together establishing a duopoly. The project was placed on hold in early June 2012 due to protests.
Protests.
The lack of transparency in the decision making process was widely criticized by the Chilean public; In fact it elicited nation-wide street protests. The main detractors hope to initiate legal actions against the project, and have assured that the public demonstrations will be massive.
The planning process has also been harshly criticized by environmentalists and the local population of the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. According to opinion polls in April 2011, the project was opposed by 61% of the population despite a massive public relations campaign in support of it. Later that same month upon government approval of the project opposition climbed to 74%.
The project is opposed by Greenpeace Chile with the slogan ""¡Paren el circo, No a hidroaysén!"" (Stop the circus, no Hidroaysén!) and ""¡Salva la Patagonia!"" (Save the Patagonia!). local groups show their opposition to the project with banners and bumper stickers reading, "Patagonia Sin Represas" ("Patagonia without dams").
Court case.
"Corporación Chile Ambiente" (Chile Environmental Corporation) along with private citizens Elizabeth Schindele and Fran Yave Schindele filed a lawsuit against the megaproject based on water rights. They lost their case in the district court and later the supreme court rejected their appeal under the procedural rationale that such water rights cases cannot be appealed beyond the discretion of the lower court
Proponents.
The project is supported by the business community, conservative president Sebastián Piñera, and former socialist president Ricardo Lagos who stated that the project "es necesario" (is necessary) in public comments on the issue. The project is supported by 26% of the population, including 13% of self identified leftists and 41% of right wingers respectively according to "Centro de Estudios", the research arm of the national La Tercera newspaper. Furthermore 19% of young people 18 to 34 years old and 34% of older people over age 55 approve of the project. Interestingly although the project has little public support 72% of respondents believe the project will become reality in spite of the opposition.
Environmental Impact.
The project is estimated to flood 5,900Ha (14,579 acres) of natural reserves. It will also attract 5,000 workers from Chile and abroad. 3,000 km (1,864 miles) of electric wiring will be used to connect the project with the Central Interconnected System.
Based on study of the project construction and access roads will impact six national parks, eleven national reserves, twenty-six conservation priority sites, sixteen wetland areas and thirty-two privately owned protected conservation areas.
This is in addition to six Mapuche communities including four in Toltén and one Lautaro and Victoria.
A portion of the Baker 2 dam will be located in Laguna San Rafael National Park which will cause irreversible environmental damage.

</doc>
<doc id="20745376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745376" title="List of wars involving Ecuador">
List of wars involving Ecuador

This is a list of wars involving independent Ecuador from 1820 to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20745420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745420" title="The Cougars">
The Cougars

The Cougars were a short-lived band, formed in Bristol, England, in 1961. They specialised in rock music, mostly instrumental versions of pop and classical pieces.
Career.
The band, comprising Keith Owen (lead guitar), Dave Tanner (rhythm guitar), Adrian Morgan (bass guitar) and Dave Hack (drums), signed a recording contract with Parlophone in 1963, after having been spotted at a talent contest by EMI's A&R man, Norrie Paramor. 
Their single "Saturday Nite at the Duck-Pond" uses music from "Swan Lake" by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. The song achieved some notoriety for been banned by the BBC, despite which it spent eight weeks in the UK Singles Chart, peaking at #33. Their songs "Red Square" and "Caviare and Chips" also borrowed themes from Tchaikovsky. The Cougars' final session for Parlophone was on 16 December 1963, when they recorded "Caviare and Chips", "While The City Sleeps" and "Crying for the Carolines", although the latter track remains unreleased. After recording three singles and an EP, The Cougars disbanded in 1964. 
"Saturday Nite at the Duck-Pond" is included in the anthology "20 One Hit Wonders", published on the label See For Miles and on EMI's "Instrumental Greats Of The 60's" (CDB 7 94226 2 - 1990). "Fly-By-Nite" is on "Instrumental Diamonds - Jumpin" (Sequel Records - NEXCD 149 - 1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20745430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745430" title="Jaroslav Poupa">
Jaroslav Poupa

Jaroslav Poupa is a Czechoslovak sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1950s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mâcon, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20745435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745435" title="Takeda Nobuzane">
Takeda Nobuzane

Takeda Nobuzane (河窪 信実) (died 1575) was a younger half-brother of Takeda Shingen, a preeminent daimyo (feudal lord) who vied for the control of Japan in the late stage of Sengoku, the "warring states" period.
Nobuzane was killed in an attack led by Sakai Tadatsugu and Kanamori Nagachika during the Battle of Nagashino.

</doc>
<doc id="20745438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745438" title="1979 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
1979 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 1979 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season.
1979 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20745444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745444" title="1980 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
1980 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 1980 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the 1980 NCAA Division I-A college football season.
Regular season.
Lawrence Taylor had 16 sacks in his final year for the Tar Heels, and set numerous defensive records. His awards included All-America and Atlantic Coast Conference Player of the Year honors in 1980. 
Schedule.
The Tar Heels finished the regular season with an 11-1-0 record. 
1980 Team Players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20745452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745452" title="Tenth National Bank">
Tenth National Bank

The Tenth National Bank was an American bank that existed in the 19th Century. At one time, financier Jay Gould acquired a controlling interest in the bank, and New York's William M. Tweed ("Boss Tweed") was one of its directors. The Tenth National Bank was also "Gould's primary vehicle to finance his move to establish a gold corner," leading up to Black Friday (1869).
The Bank failed in the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="20745475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745475" title="Cochranville, Pennsylvania">
Cochranville, Pennsylvania

Cochranville is a census-designated place (CDP) in West Fallowfield Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 668 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Cochranville is located at adjacent to the eastern border of West Fallowfield Township. Pennsylvania Routes 10 and 41 intersect in Cochranville, Route 10 heading north to Parkesburg and southwest to Oxford, while Route 41 heads northwest to Atglen and Gap and southeast to Avondale.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="20745486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745486" title="The Pawnbroker (film)">
The Pawnbroker (film)

The Pawnbroker is a 1964 drama film, starring Rod Steiger, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Brock Peters and Jaime Sánchez and directed by Sidney Lumet. It was adapted by Morton S. Fine and David Friedkin from the novel of the same name by Edward Lewis Wallant. 
The film was the first American movie to deal with the Jewish holocaust from the viewpoint of a survivor. It earned international acclaim for Steiger, launching his career as an A-list actor, and was among the first American movies to feature nudity during the Production Code and was the first film featuring bare breasts to receive Production Code approval. Although it was publicly announced to be a special exception, the controversy proved to be first of similar major challenges to the Code that ultimately led to its abandonment.
In 2008, "The Pawnbroker" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Plot summary.
With the rise of Hitler, Sol Nazerman (Steiger), a German-Jewish university professor, was dragged to a concentration camp along with his family. He saw his two children die (one while riding in a cattle car) and his wife raped by Nazi officers in the camp. Now he operates a pawnshop in East Harlem, while living in an anonymous Bronx high-rise apartment. Numbed by his experiences, he has worked hard not to experience emotions. Nazerman is bitter and alienated, viewing the people around him as "rejects, scum." He is shown interacting cynically as he bargains with the many desperate characters pawning their goods.
Nazerman is idolized by a young Puerto Rican, Jesus Ortiz (Sánchez), who works for Nazerman as his shop assistant, but the youth's friendship is rebuffed, as are the overtures of Marilyn Birchfield (Fitzgerald), a neighborhood social worker. 
Nazerman learns that Rodriguez (Peters), a racketeer who uses the pawnshop as a front, makes his money through prostitution. Nazerman recalls his wife's degradation and wants no part of it. This results in a clash with Rodriguez, who threatens to kill Nazerman. Meanwhile Ortiz, his feelings hurt when Nazerman says that Ortiz means nothing to him, spitefully arranges for the pawnshop to be robbed by a neighborhood gang. During the robbery, Nazerman refuses to hand over his money. Ortiz takes the gang member's bullet intended for Nazerman and dies in Nazerman's arms in the street.
Cast notes.
Steiger became involved in the film in 1962, a year after the Wallant novel was published, and was involved in an early reworking of the script. He received $50,000 for his performance, far lower than his usual rate, because he trusted Lumet, with whom he had worked on television in the series "You Are There".
Lumet, who took over the film after Arthur Hiller was fired, initially had misgivings about Steiger being cast in the lead role. He felt that Steiger "was a rather tasteless actor — awfully talented, but completely tasteless in his choices." Lumet preferred James Mason for the role, and comic Groucho Marx was among the actors who had wanted to play Nazerman. However, Steiger pleasantly surprised Lumet when he agreed with him during rehearsals on the repression of the character's feelings. Lumet felt that ultimately Steiger "worked out fine."
In a 1999 televised interview, actor Rod Steiger revealed an inspiration he took from an unlikely source of art. Over a quarter of a century after artist Pablo Picasso's 1937 "Guernica" (painting), the masterpiece inspired emotional artistic depth again when, in 1964, Steiger borrowed the silent anguish of the skyward cry of the suffering male subject, seen at the right of the canvas. The scene in the film was in the last minutes of "The Pawnbroker".
Major themes.
"The Pawnbroker" tells the story of a man whose spiritual "death" in the concentration camps causes him to bury himself in the most dismal location that he can find: a slum in upper Manhattan. Lumet told the "New York Times" in an interview during the filming that, "The irony of the film is that he finds more life here than anywhere. It's outside Harlem, in housing projects, office buildings, even the Long Island suburbs, everywhere we show on the screen — that everything is conformist, sterile, dead."
The film was influenced by the French New Wave films, through its use of flashbacks to reveal Nazerman's backstory. It bore similarities to two films of Alain Resnais: "Hiroshima mon Amour" (1959) and "Night and Fog" (1955). But a recent commentator observed that the film "is uniquely American, with its harsh, unforgiving depiction of New York City, all of it brought to vivid life by Boris Kaufman's black and white cinematography and a dynamic cast highlighted by Rod Steiger's searing portrayal of the title role."
"New York Times" critic Bosley Crowther wrote that Sol Nazerman "is very much a person of today — a survivor of Nazi persecution who has become detached and remote in the modern world — he casts, as it were, the somber shadow of the legendary, ageless Wandering Jew. That is the mythical Judean who taunted Jesus on the way to Calvary and was condemned to roam the world a lonely outcast until Jesus should come again."
Production notes.
Development.
The film initially was considered for production in London, in order to take advantage of financial incentives then available for filmmakers.
Directors Stanley Kubrick, Karel Reisz and Franco Zeffirelli turned down the project. Kubrick said he thought Steiger was not "all that exciting." Reisz, whose parents had died in the Holocaust, said that for "deep, personal" reasons he "could not objectively associate himself with any subject which has a background of concentration camps." Zeffirelli, then a stage director, was anxious to direct a film, but said that "The Pawnbroker" was "not the kind of subject would wish to direct, certainly not as his first Anglo-American venture."
The film was shot in New York City, mainly on location and with minimal sets, in the fall of 1963. Much of the filming took place on Park Avenue in Harlem, where the pawnbroker shop was set at 1642 Park Avenue, near the intersection of Park Ave. and 116th Street. Scenes were also filmed in Connecticut, Jericho, New York, and Lincoln Center (with both interior and exterior shots of the Lincoln Towers apartments which were new at the time).
Post-production and release.
The film premiered in June 1964 at the Berlin International Film Festival, and was released in the United States in April 1965.
The film had a difficult time finding a major U.S. distributor because of its nudity and grim subject matter. Producer Ely Landau had the same problem in England until it was booked into a London theater where it had an enormously successful run. As a result, Landau arranged a distribution deal with the Arthur Rank organization, and it opened in the U.S.
Quincy Jones composed the soundtrack for the film, including "Soul Bossa Nova", which was used in a scene at a nightclub. That would later be used as the main theme to the "Austin Powers" film series. 
The film was edited by Ralph Rosenblum, and is extensively discussed in his book "When the Shooting Stops, the Cutting Begins: A Film Editor's Story".
Production Code controversy.
The film was controversial for depicting nude scenes in which actresses Linda Geiser and Thelma Oliver fully exposed their breasts. The scene with Oliver, who played a prostitute, was intercut with a flashback to the concentration camp, in which Nazerman is forced to see his wife (Geiser) forced into prostitution. The nudity resulted in a "C" (condemned) rating from the Catholic Legion of Decency. The Legion felt "that a condemnation is necessary in order to put a very definite halt to the effort by producers to introduce nudity into American films." The Legion of Decency's stance was opposed by some Catholic groups, and the National Council of Churches gave the film an award for best picture of the year.
The scenes resulted in conflict with the Motion Picture Association of America, which administered the Motion Picture Production Code. The Association initially rejected the scenes showing bare breasts and a sex scene between Sanchez and Oliver, which it described as "unacceptably sex suggestive and lustful." Despite the rejection, Landau arranged for Allied Artists to release film without the Production Code seal, and New York censors licensed "The Pawnbroker" without the cuts demanded by Code administrators. On a 6-3 vote, the Motion Picture Association of America granted the film an "exception" conditional on "reduction in the length of the scenes which the Production Code Administration found unapprovable." The exception to the code was granted as a "special and unique case," and was described by "The New York Times" at the time as "an unprecedented move that will not, however, set a precedent." The requested reductions of nudity were minimal, and the outcome was viewed in the media as a victory for the film's producers.
Some Jewish groups urged a boycott of the film, in the view that its presentation of a Jewish pawnbroker encouraged anti-Semitism. Black groups felt it encouraged racial stereotypes of the inner city residents as pimps, prostitutes or drug addicts.
Critical reaction.
The film, and Steiger's performance in particular, was greeted by widespread critical acclaim. Life magazine praised Steiger's "endless versatility." Brendan Gill wrote in The New Yorker: "By a magic more mysterious. . . than his always clever makeup, he manages to convince me at once that he is whoever he pretends to be." 
"New York Times" critic Bosley Crowther called it a "remarkable picture" that was "a dark and haunting drama of a man who has reasonably eschewed a role of involvement and compassion in a brutal and bitter world and has found his life barren and rootless as a consequence. It is further a drama of discovery of the need of man to try to do something for his fellow human sufferers in the troubled world of today." He praised the performances in the film, including the supporting cast.
One negative review came from Pauline Kael, who called it "trite", but said: "You can see the big pushes for powerful effects, yet it isn't negligible. It wrenches audiences, making them fear that they, too, could become like this man. And when events strip off his armor, he doesn't discover a new, warm humanity, he discovers sharper suffering - just what his armor had protected him from. Most of the intensity comes from Steiger's performance."
Legacy.
In recent years, with a revival of interest in the Jewish holocaust, the film has become noted as the first major American film that even tried to recreate the horrors of the camps. A New York Times review of a 2005 documentary on Hollywood's treatment of the Holocaust, "Imaginary Witness", said that scenes of the camps in the film, "at least those shown in "Imaginary Witness," are surprisingly mild."
It has been described as "the first stubbornly 'Jewish' film about the Holocaust", and as the foundation for the miniseries "Holocaust" (1978) and "Schindler's List" (1993). 
"The Pawnbroker" is viewed as one of Steiger's most notable film roles, and as one that was crucial to his ascendancy to the top ranks of his profession.
In 2002, shortly before Steiger's death, his last television interview was on "Dinner for Five". Hosted by actor/director Jon Favreau, the show was a continuing series which featured round-table dinner discussion among Favreau, and four celebrity guests from the acting profession. During the episode, Steiger cited "The Pawnbroker" as being the film he viewed as a significant standout of his body of work. The episode can be seen on Youtube.
Its display of nudity, despite Production Code prohibitions on the practice at the time, is also viewed as a landmark in motion pictures. "The Pawnbroker" was the first film featuring bare breasts to receive Production Code approval. In his 2008 study of films during that era, "Pictures at a Revolution", author Mark Harris wrote that the MPAA's action was "the first of a series of injuries to the Production Code that would prove fatal within three years." The Code was abolished, in favor of a voluntary ratings system, in 1968.
Awards.
Steiger received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor - Drama, the Silver Bear for Best Actor at the 14th Berlin International Film Festival, an Oscar nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role, and received the British Film Academy award for best foreign actor in a leading role.

</doc>
<doc id="20745489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745489" title="Hussain Najadi">
Hussain Najadi

Hussain Najadi (c. 1938 – 29 July 2013) was an international banker born in Bahrain from parents of Persian origin. He was the Chairman & CEO of AIAK Groupbased in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Banking career.
Najadi was the first Persian merchant banker to link the Middle East countries to the economies of Malaysia, and other ASEAN member countries since 1974. AIAK Group, in 1975, founded the Arab Malaysian Banking Group (AMBG), now a US$ 16 billion Banking Group in Asia, with an initial paid in capital of US$ 2 million only. AMBG soon became one of the largest banks in Malaysia, now renamed as AMBANK.
Najadi was appointed from 1978 to 1985 by the Governor of the Central Bank of Malaysia as non-executive independent director of the Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad, an industrial and merchant bank in Malaysia.
Diversification of activities.
Najadi acquired in 1968 from UBS Group, Supramar AG, a hydrofoil specialist based in Lucerne, Switzerland. He expanded its operations world wide and established over 200 hydrofoil lines.
Najadi was the Chairman of Free2move Asia, a joint venture firm with Free2move AB, of Sweden, in the field of RFID and sensor networks. The company was fully acquired by Free2move Holdings AB, Sweden, in August 2010 upon which Najadi resigned.
Education.
Najadi was also the founder and former Director of EURO-ASIAN CENTER at INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France (1977–85). Najadi was a visiting lecturer in Business Management in Asia.
Najadi was the first Chairman of developing countries gathering at Davos Economic Symposium (now known as World Economic Forum), in Davos, Switzerland.
The Assassination in Malaysia.
On July 29, 2013, banker Hussain Ahmad Najadi was shot dead while his Malaysian Chinese companion Chong Mei Kuen, 49, sustained serious injuries when they were shot from close range at a parking lot, after leaving the Guan Yin Temple in Lorong Ceylon - a Chinese temple whose demolition, to make way for development, he was trying to prevent. A gunman who crept from behind, fired randomly at Hussain Ahmad, 75, and his 49-year-old wife at close range, killing the renowned banker on the spot near a car park.
Najadi sustained two shots in the chest while his wife was hit in the left hand and right leg in the 2pm incident.Initial police investigations revealed that the gunman was among three people who waited outside the temple for Hussain Ahmad, who was in a private discussion with a colleague involving a share transaction. The gunman, who wore sports attire, dark glasses and a cap, was believed to have escaped in a taxi together with his accomplices.
Motive behind the killing is still unknown which until this moment police have made arrests. The Police has made a major breakthrough reported by NST on August 7, 2013, arresting Monday August 5, 2013 a 42-year-old man and two women in separate locations in the city to assist in investigations. "The male suspect surrendered himself at the Kuala Lumpur police contingent headquarters, the Police is quoted stating: "He is believed to have been at the crime scene with the taxi driver and the shooter." Link: Cops get break in former banker's murder case - General - New Straits Times http://www.nst.com.my/nation/general/cops-get-break-in-former-banker-s-murder-case-1.334159#ixzz2bSID1YVT. On August 16, 2013 the Taxi driver Chew Siang Chee, arrested by the Malaysian Police for allegedly transporting the assassin who killed banker Ahmad Hussain Najadi, claimed trial to the possession of a firearm and ammunition at the Sessions Court. Chee was one of three suspects detained in the police pursuit of the hitman initially identified as “Sei Ngan Chai” but who has since been named as 44-year-old Kong Swee Kwan.
His son, Pascal Najadi, a Swiss citizen, helped out of Moscow coordinating with the Malaysian Police to track down the killer. "Justice will prevail! I am most confident that Malaysian authorities can nab the hired killer and his client" he said in an interview from Moscow, The Russian Federation, adding, "Here (Moscow)I feel protected and safe. I can only return to Malaysia once we know who and why. Then the painful visit to my dad's grave will be my closure. I am confident the Police and Intelligence Services will be able to resolve this cruel, cowardly assassination that happened in broad daylight." The 46 year old banker added: "The world stands still when such horror terrorizes you."
His security advisers told him not to return until the killer is behind bars. Pascal was unable to be at his fathers burial due to security risks. It has been put on YouTube where Mrs Heidi Najadi, the Swiss mother and first wife is standing collected and with bravery by the grave at the burial. A humble yet elegant tribute page for his father has been installed on his family firm's website www.aiakswiss.com by Pascal Najadi, now the CEO and Chairman of the firm that founded Malaysia's 5th largest bank, AmBank, back in the early 1970s'. "When reality conquers illusion you know it is time to wake up, no matter what." Pascal said.
On September 23, 2013 the Malaysian Police landed a big success and was able to nab the killer.
Police have arrested the suspected assassin - wanted for gunning down Arab Malaysian Bank founder Hussain Ahmad Najadi this morning.
Read more: Suspected assassin of Arab Malaysian Bank founder arrested - Latest - New Straits Times http://www.nst.com.my/latest/suspected-assassin-of-arab-malaysian-bank-founder-arrested-1.361618#ixzz2fgxFfrPF

</doc>
<doc id="20745491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745491" title="Taddea Visconti">
Taddea Visconti

__NOTOC__
Taddea Visconti, Duchess of Bavaria (1351 – 28 September 1381) was an Italian noblewoman of the Visconti family, the ruling house in Milan from 1277 to 1447. She was the first wife of Stephen III, Duke of Bavaria, and the mother of the French queen Isabeau of Bavaria.
Born in Milan in 1351, sometime after 27 June, Taddea was the eldest child of Bernabò Visconti, Lord of Milan, and Beatrice Regina della Scala (1331–18 June 1384). She had sixteen younger siblings. Her paternal grandparents were Stefano Visconti, Lord of Milan, and Valentina Doria, and her maternal grandparents were Mastino II della Scala and Taddea da Carrara.
Taddea's father Bernabò, continually at war with the papacy, was a ruthless despot, who would, in 1385, be overthrown by his nephew and son-in-law Gian Galeazzo Visconti and later poisoned in the castle of Trezzo.
Bavaria was the wealthiest and most powerful of the German states at the time. Bernabò managed to secure the marriages of four of his children to members of the ruling Wittelsbach family. Taddea, being the eldest, was the first of the four Visconti children selected. 
In 1367, Taddea became the first wife of Stephen III of Bavaria-Ingolstadt, who, on 13 May 1375, became Duke of Bavaria. He ruled jointly with his brothers, Frederick and John II, in Bavaria-Landshut. Taddea brought a dowry of 100,000 gold ducats. Her husband Stephen is described by historian Barbara Tuchman as "reckless, prodigal, ostentatious, amorous, restless without a tournament or war and well-suited to a Visconti daughter". 
The marriage produced three children:
Taddea died on 28 September 1381 in Munich at the age of 30. She was buried in Unsere Liebe Frau. Less than four years later, her daughter, Isabeau, became Queen of France. Taddea's husband Stephen married secondly, on 16 January 1401, Elisabeth of Cleves, daughter of Count Adolf III of Cleves. This second marriage was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20745508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745508" title="José Tadeo Monagas Municipality">
José Tadeo Monagas Municipality

José Tadeo Monagas Municipality is a municipality in Guarico State, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="20745520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745520" title="New York Museum of Transportation">
New York Museum of Transportation

The New York Museum of Transportation, founded in 1975, is a non-profit organization located at 6393 East River Road, in the Rochester suburb of Rush. A private rail line built by volunteers connects NYMT with the Rochester & Genesee Valley Railroad Museum, over a distance of two miles. This demonstration railway allows both museums to offer train rides with their collections of vintage railroad equipment. NYMT operates the only electric trolley ride in New York State.
Cars 161 and 168 are the only operating trolley cars in the collection, acquired from Keokuk Junction Railway in 1996. Originally built for the Philadelphia and Western Railroad in the 1920s, these cars served Philadelphia's Norristown High Speed Line until retired in 1990. While having no historic connection to Rochester, they have allowed the museum to offer regular trolley rides to the public, a goal of the organization since its founding. Volunteers continue to investigate the restoration of historic Rochester trolleys and streetcars in its collection as a long-term goal.
The museum is open all year, on Sundays only, from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Trolley rides are offered from May through October only.

</doc>
<doc id="20745527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745527" title="Durgapur subdivision">
Durgapur subdivision

Durgapur subdivision is a subdivision of the Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Durgapur municipal corporation and five community development blocs: Durgapur–Faridpur, Galsi–I, Kanksa, Andal and Pandabeswar. The five blocks contain 36 gram panchayats and 30 census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Durgapur.
Area.
Apart from the Durgapur municipal corporation, the subdivision contains 30 census towns and rural areas of 36 gram panchayats under five community development blocs: Durgapur–Faridpur, Galsi–I, Kanksa, Andal and Pandabeswar. The 30 census towns are: Sarpi, Mandarbani, Sirsha, Sukdal, Prayagpur, Debipur, Kanksa, Mahira, Kajora, Harishpur, Palashban, Dignala, Andal, Baska, Siduli, Khandra, Ukhra, Dhandadihi, Kendra Khottamdi, Ramnagar, Dalurband, Bilpahari, Nabgram, Sankarpur, Haripur, Konardihi, Bahula, Chhora, Chak Bankola and Parashkol.
Blocks.
Durgapur–Faridpur block.
Rural area under Durgapur–Faridpur block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Gaurbazar, Ichhapur, Laudoha, Gogla, Jemua and Pratappur. Urban area under this block comprises three census towns: Sarpi, Mandarbani[Amlouka(Near-Durgapur Artro-police )and Sirsha. Faridpur and New Township police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Loudaha.
Galsi–I block.
Rural area under Galsi–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Budbud, Loapur Krishnarampur, Paraj, Uchchagram, Chaktentul, Potna–Pursa, Loa Ramgopalpur, Mankar and Serorai . Urban area under this block comprises one census town: Sukdal. Bud Bud and Galsi police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bud Bud.
Kanksa block.
Rural area under Kanksa block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Amlajora, Bidbehar, Kanksa, Trilokchandrapur, Bankati, Gopalpur and Molandighi. Urban area under this block comprises three census towns: Prayagpur, Debipur and Kanksa. Kanksa police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Izzatganj and Panagarh Bazar.
Andal block.
Rural area under Andal block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Andal, Kajora, Madanpur, Sreerampur, Dakshinkhanda, Khandara, Ramprasadpur and Ukhra. Urban area under this block comprises eleven census towns: Mahira, Kajora, Harishpur, Palashban, Dignala, Andal, Baska, Siduli, Khandra, Ukhra and Dhandadihi. The census towns Chak Bankola and Parashkol are both partly in Andal block and partly in Pandabeswar block. Andal and Durgapur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Andal More and Andal.
Pandabeswar block.
Rural area under Pandabeswar block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Baidyanathpur, Chhora, Kendra, Behula, Haripur and Nabagram. Urban area under this block comprises ten census towns: Kendra Khottamdi, Ramnagar, Dalurband, Bilpahari, Nabgram, Sankarpur, Haripur, Konardihi, Bahula and Chhora. The census towns Chak Bankola and Parashkol are both partly in Andal block and partly in Pandabeswar block. Andal and Pandbeswar police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pandabeswar.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20745541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745541" title="Četena Ravan">
Četena Ravan

Četena Ravan is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Bricius (). It is a late gothic structure with a five-sided apse and a square nave. Although it was extended in the late 18th century, early 16th-century frescos, some painted by Jernej of Loka, survive in the sanctuary. The main altar dates to the late 17th century with 16th-century statues.

</doc>
<doc id="20745558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745558" title="Nishiōizumi, Nerima, Tokyo">
Nishiōizumi, Nerima, Tokyo

Geography.
Nishiōizumi is located in the northwestern part of Nerima. It borders Ōizumigakuenchō on the east; Higashiōizumi and Minamiōizumi on the south; Shimohōya and Kitachō of Nishitōkyō on the west; and Nodera and Katayama of Niiza, Saitama on the north. Note that Nishiōizumimachi, an enclave district located in Katayama 3-chōme, Niiza, is administratively regarded as a different district from Nishiōizumi.

</doc>
<doc id="20745590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745590" title="Jiří Vokněr">
Jiří Vokněr

Jiří Vokněr (born May 12, 1931) is a Czechoslovak sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1950s. He won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with one gold (1954: C-1 10000 m) and two silvers (1958: C-1 1000 m, C-1 10000 m).
Vokněr also finished fourth in the C-1 10000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20745603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745603" title="List of mathematics education journals">
List of mathematics education journals

This is a list of scientific journals presently published in the field of mathematics education.
M.
Mathematics Education Research Journal
Mathematics Teacher Education and Development

</doc>
<doc id="20745637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745637" title="Waldemar Riefkogel">
Waldemar Riefkogel

Waldemar Riefkogel (7 January 1913 — 30 July 1944) was a "Hauptsturmführer" (Captain) and "Hauptmann der Schutzpolizei", in the "Waffen-SS" during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Waldemar Riefkogel was born in Celle on the 7 January 1913.
He joined the State Police which was later incorporated into the SS and was issued the SS service number 229 338.
He was later promoted to "Untersturmführer" (Second Lieutenant) in the 4th "SS Polzei" Division where he served in the 10th Company, 2nd "SS Polzei Schützen" Regiment.
Riefkogel was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in August 1941 and the 1st class award in January 1942.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross while in command of the 1st Company, 3rd SS Panzer Regiment, "Totenkopf" on the 11 July 1943. He was killed in action on the 30 July 1944 at Siedlce in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20745638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745638" title="George Popham">
George Popham

George Popham (1550–1608) was a pioneering colonist from Maine, born in the southwestern regions of England. He was an associate of English Colonizer Sir Ferdinando Gorges in a colonization scheme for a part of Maine.
George was born in Somerset, England to Edward Popham and Joan (Norton) Popham, his father was the elder brother of notable Sir John Popham. George Popham's grandparents lived in St. Donat's Castle and his grandmother, Jane Stradling, was born there.
Very little is known about his early years, where it appears he may have been a humble merchant. Another George Popham traveled to New Guiana with Robert Dudley. Through pedigree rolls by nephew Edward Popham and a last will by George Popham, we know some history of the relationships between the Pophams which confirmed that Sir John was George's uncle and Edward Popham's great-uncle.
Just before the voyage to New England, George was the Customer of Bridgwater Port in Somerset. The Customer was the chief customs officer in the port, who collected the customs dues and recorded all entries and exits.
In 1607, he sailed from Plymouth with two ships and about 120 people and landed in August at the mouth of the Kennebec River. George Popham was the captain of "Gift of God" which became separated from the ship "Mary and John" on the journey to New England. The two ships were able to rejoin along the coastline before looking for a place to build a colony. There, he erected the first English settlement in New England, Popham Colony. His first establishments included a storehouse and a historical fortification called Fort Popham.
Popham eventually won the elections as President of the new colony but died the following year. The colonists were disheartened by the harshness of the climate and returned in the springtime to England.

</doc>
<doc id="20745669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745669" title="Battle of Todd's Tavern">
Battle of Todd's Tavern

The Battle of Todd's Tavern was fought in Virginia during the American Civil War.
The Battle of the Wilderness.
On May 4, 1864, Gen. Ulysses S. Grant's 122,000-man Army of the Potomac and Gen. Robert E. Lee's 66,000-man Army of Northern Virginia opened the Battle of the Wilderness as a meeting engagement. This battle, fought primarily on May 5 and 6, proved costly to both sides, as well as being essentially a draw. As he believed his position untenable (since he had not successfully interposed his army between Grant and Richmond), Lee believed Grant would continue his move towards Richmond. Lee therefore moved to block Grant by shifting the Army of Northern Virginia southward towards Spotsylvania Court House, a crucial junction in the most direct routes from Grant's position in the Wilderness to Richmond.
The battle.
Lee assigned the job of slowing down the Union columns and protecting the Confederates' route to Gen. Jeb Stuart, his trusted cavalry commander. Grant's orders to his cavalry chief, Gen. Philip H. Sheridan, were to cut the route the Confederates would take to Spotsylvania and to take and hold the crossroads. On May 7, the two opposing cavalries met at Todd's Tavern at 4:00pm. They engaged in a slashing cavalry battle until after dark. The Confederate cavalry retired after nightfall.
The battle resumed the next morning. It was an obstinate struggle with heavy losses on both sides. The Confederates were slowly pushed back upon Spotsylvania. They were just about to have to abandon the crossroads when the first of Lee's infantry arrived, across a bridge Sheridan had ordered his cavalry to destroy. The infantry secured the area for the Confederacy.
Aftermath.
Declaring the battle victorious for either side is problematic. While Stuart's cavalry was tactically defeated, Sheridan failed to cut the Confederate route to Spotsylvania, resulting in the bloody battle that ensued there. Yet, the delay caused by Sheridan's cavalry prevented Lee from gaining the advantages that an unhindered march to Spotsylvania would have garnered. The net effect was the continued and eventually fatal bleeding of the Army of Northern Virginia, at the cost of yet more Union casualties ... which could be replaced with fresh Northern recruits. Thus, on the balance, the result was very slightly better than a draw for the Union forces. Today, there is information about the battle in the area provided by the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania National Military Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20745677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745677" title="Saltair na Rann">
Saltair na Rann

The title "Saltair na Rann" “Psalter of Quatrains” refers to a series of 150 early Middle Irish religious cantos, written in the tenth century. Together they narrate the sacred history of the world, from its creation down to the last days of humanity. In the principal manuscript, Rawlinson B 502 (Bodleian, Oxford), it is followed by two poems of devotion and ten ‘Songs of the Resurrection’, which were added in the late tenth century.
In the second devotional poem, Poem 152, the author identifies himself as Óengus Céile Dé: "is me Oengus céle Dé" (line 8009). Whitley Stokes took this to mean that the work as a whole was ascribed to the famous Óengus mac Óengobann, monk of Tallaght and author of the "Félire Óengusso" (Martyrology of Óengus), who since the 17th century also happens to have been nicknamed Céile Dé (Culdee). However, since the ascription occurs in appended material and therefore outside the core of "Saltair na Rann", it is possible that it refers to the one or two devotional poems, which were either attributed to the earlier Óengus or composed by a late tenth-century namesake.
Primary sources.
Poem 151, beginning “Isam aithrech (febda fecht)” ("c". 987):

</doc>
<doc id="20745682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745682" title="Yuriy Vinogradov">
Yuriy Vinogradov

Yuriy Vinogradov is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague, Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic).

</doc>
<doc id="20745684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745684" title="Spring Grove Area School District">
Spring Grove Area School District

Spring Grove Area School District is a midsized, suburban, public school district located in Spring Grove, York County, Pennsylvania. It encompasses approximately . According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 24,401. By 2010, the district's population declined to 27,417 people. In 2009, the district residents’ per capita income was $20,078, while the median family income was $52,385. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. According to District officials, in school year 2007–08, Spring Grove Area School District provided basic educational services to 3,829 pupils through the employment of 295 teachers, 161 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 20 administrators.
Schools.
Elementary schools.
Spring Grove Area School District currently operates three elementary schools.
Middle school.
Spring Grove Area School District currently operates two junior high school.
High school.
Spring Grove Area School District currently operates one senior high school.
Governance.
SpringGrove Area School District is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus its resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "D-" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Spring Grove Area School District was ranked 234th out of 498 Pennsylvania school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times in 2013. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated on the last three years of the PSSAs for: reading, writing math and science.
In 2012, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Spring Grove Area School District ranked 419th. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
In 2009, the academic achievement, of the students of Spring Grove Area School District, was in the 46th percentile among 500 Pennsylvania school districts. Scale - (0-99; 100 is state best) 
District AYP History.
In 2012, Spring Grove Area School District achieved AYP status, even though four (4) of its schools were in Warning status. In 2011, Spring Gorve Area School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of Pennsylvania public school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Spring Grove Area School District achieved AYP status each year from 2004 to 2010, while in 2003 the District was in Warning status due to lagging student achievement.
Graduation rate.
In 2012, the graduation rate at Spring Grove Area School District was 91%. In 2011, the graduation rate was 95%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Spring Grove Area High School's rate was 92% for 2010.
High school.
Spring Grove Area High School is located at 1490 Roth Church Road, Spring Grove. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 1,235 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 276 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 85.50 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1.
In 2012, Spring Grove Area School District remained in Warning status due to missing all reading metrics measured in 11th grade. In 2011, Spring Grove Area High School declined to Warning Status due to lagging student achievement in mathematics. In 2010, the school achieved AYP status under No Child Left Behind.
Science in Motion Spring Grove Area High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Spring Grove Area Middle School also participated. Both schools worked with Gettysburg College to provide the experiences.
Graduation requirements.
The Spring Grove Area School Board has set that a minimum of 25 credits, including English 1 credit/year in Grades 9–12, Social Studies 1 credit/year in Grades 9–12, Math 1 credit/year in Grades 9–11, Science 1 credit/year in Grades 9–11, along with various other credits. The project is completed during the junior year and consists of two components: a tangible project and an oral presentation.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Pupils earn 1 credit for completion of their graduation project. Seniors must complete graduation project in their 11th grade year to be eligible for senior release.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. For the class of 2019, a composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
Dual enrollment.
Spring Grove Area High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school, including the graduation ceremony. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009–10 funding year, Spring Grove Area School District received a state grant of $19,929 for the program.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 32% of Spring Grove Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 169 Spring Grove Area School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 486. The Math average score was 513. The Writing average score was 481. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
From January to June 2011, 201 Spring Grove students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 490. The Math average score was 511. The Writing average score was 480. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Middle school.
Spring Grove Area Middle School is located at 244 Old Hanover Road, Spring Grove. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 615 pupils in grades 7th and 8th, with 191 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The middle school employed 46 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1.
In 2011 Spring Grove Area Middle School achieved AYP status. In 2011 Spring Grove Area Middle School declined to Warning status due to lagging student achievement in mathematics. In 2010, achieved AYP status. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
8th Grade Reading
8th Grade Math:
7th Grade Reading
7th Grade Math:
Intermediate school.
Spring Grove Area Intermediate School is located at 1480 Roth Church Road, Spring Grove. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 592 pupils in grades 5th and 6th, with 180 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 40 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 17 teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2012, Spring Grove Area Intermediate School declined to Warning AYP due to lagging achievement in reading and mathematics. In 2010 and 2011, Spring Grove Area Intermediate School achieved AYP status.
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Elementary schools.
New Salem Elementary School is located at 3745 Salem Road, York. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 447 pupils in grades kindergarten through 4th, with 132 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 28 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 16:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2012, New Salem Elementary School declined to Warning AYP status due to lagging reading achievement. In 2010 and 2011, New Salem Elementary School achieved AYP status.
In 2012, 84% of the students at New Salem Elementary School were reading on grade level in grades 3rd and 4th. In math, 91% of the students in 3rd and 4th grades were on grade level with 76% scoring advanced. In 4th grade science, 95% of the pupils were on grade level with 62% achieving advanced comprehension. In 2011, 88% of New Salem Elementary School's students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd and 4th. In math, 95% of the students in 3rd and 4th grades were on grade level and 69% scored advanced. In 4th grade science, 91% of the pupils at New Salem Elementary School were on grade level.
Paradise Elementary School is located at 6923 Lincoln Highway West, Thomasville. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 366 pupils in grades kindergarten through 4th, with 137 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 25 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2010 through 2012, Paradise Elementary School achieved AYP status.
In 2012, 80% of the students at Paradise Elementary School were reading on grade level in grades 3rd and 4th. In math, 92% of the students in 3rd and 4th grades were on grade level, with 70% scoring advanced. In 4th grade science, 97% of the pupils were on grade level, with 81% achieving advanced. In 2011, 90% of the students at Paradise Elementary School were reading on grade level in grades 3rd and 4th. In math, 98% of the students in 3rd and 4th grades were on grade level, with 76% scoring advanced. In 4th grade science, 95% of the pupils were on grade level.
Spring Grove Elementary School is located at 1450 Roth's Church Road, Spring Grove. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 608 pupils in grades kindergarten through 4th, with 186 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 41 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2012, Spring Grove Elementary School declined to Warning AYP status due to lagging reading and math achievement. In 2010 and 2011, Spring Grove Elementary School achieved AYP status.
In 2012, only 76% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd and 4th. In math, 87% of the students (3rd and 4th grades) were on grade level, with 56% scoring advanced. In 4th grade science, 92% of the pupils were on grade level, with 55% achieving advanced. In 2011, 78% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd and 4th. In math, 88% of the students (3rd and 4th grades) were on grade level, with 47% scoring advanced. In 4th grade science, 91% of the pupils were on grade level.
Bullying policy and school safety.
In 2011, Spring Grove Area School Administration reported there were 43 incidents involving law enforcement and 32 arrests, including: 7 assaults on students, 7 terroristic threats and a bomb threat. In 2009, the administration reported there were zero incidents of bullying in the district.
The Spring Grove School Board prohibits bullying by District students and faculty. The board policy 249 (Adopted December 2008) defines bullying and cyberbullying. The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly, and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified. No reprisals or retaliation shall occur as a result of good faith reports of bullying. The board expects staff members to be responsible to maintain an educational environment free from all forms of bullying. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Special education.
In December 2010, the district administration reported that 496 pupils or 12% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. Of the identified students, 52% had specific learning disabilities. In 2009, the district administration reported that 521 pupils or 13% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. Among them 9% had mental retardation.
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. When a child experiences difficulty within the classroom, screening information will be gathered by a team located within the child’s school to determine his or her specific needs. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible make a written request for a multidisciplinary evaluation to the building principal.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each district to have a three year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Overidentification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education.
Spring Grove Area School District received a $2,036,126 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011-12 school year, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 149 or 3.86% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Budget.
Pennsylvania public school districts budget and expend funds according to procedures mandated by the General Assembly and the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE). An annual operating budget is prepared by school district administrative officials. A uniform form is furnished by the PDE and submitted to the board of school directors for approval prior to the beginning of each fiscal year on July 1.
Under Pennsylvania’s Taxpayer Relief Act, Act 1 of the Special Session of 2006, all school districts of the first class A, second class, third class and fourth class must adopt a preliminary budget proposal. The proposal must include estimated revenues and expenditures and the proposed tax rates. This proposed budget must be considered by the Board no later than 90 days prior to the date of the election immediately preceding the fiscal year. The preliminary budget proposal must also be printed and made available for public inspection at least 20 days prior to its adoption. The board of school directors may hold a public hearing on the budget, but are not required to do so. The board must give at least 10 days’ public notice of its intent to adopt the final budget according to Act 1 of 2006.
In 2011, the average teacher salary in Spring Grove Area School District was $55,568 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers received was $14,486 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $70,054.
In 2009, Spring Grove Area School District reported employing 332 teachers with a salary range of $37,460 to $117,548. The average salary in the district is $56,593.
In 2007, Spring Grove Area School District employed 252 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $50,259 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Additionally, the district's teachers receive: a defined benefit pension, health insurance, life insurance, paid sick, personal and emergency leave days, college credit reimbursement, a severance package and other benefits. Teachers receive substantial additional payment for extra duties and meetings held outside of regular school hours.
Spring Grove Area School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $563 per pupil which apparently ranked 472nd in Pennsylvania, in the lowest 10% of the state. This should be received as welcome news to local tax payers.
Reserves In 2008, Spring Grove Area School District reported a $8,711,410 balance in an unreserved-undesignated fund. The designated fund balance was reported as zero. In 2010, the District reported reserves of more than $10 million. In 2010, Area Administration reported an increase to $6,080,808 in the unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The District reported $4,000,000 in its unreserved-designated fund in 2010. Pennsylvania public school district reserve funds are divided into two categories – designated and undesignated. The undesignated funds are not committed to any planned project. Designated funds and any other funds, such as capital reserves, are allocated to specific projects. School districts are required by state law to keep 5 percent of their annual spending in the undesignated reserve funds to preserve bond ratings. By law the state limits the total unreserved-undesignated fund balance at 8% of the annual budget for school districts that have budgets over $19 million a year. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, from 2003 to 2010, as a whole, Pennsylvania school districts amassed nearly $3 billion in reserved funds.
Per Pupil Spending Spring Grove Area School District administration reported that per pupil spending in 2008 was $11,984 which ranked 272nd in the state's 500 school districts. In 2010 the per pupil spending had increased to $12,501.53 Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759.
Audit In April 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the administration and the school board members.
Spring Grove Area School District faced multiple financial challenges for the 2011–12 budget year. Revenue for the 2011–12 school year is projected to be approximately $55.1 million. Anticipated expenditures are over $60 million. A 4 percent salary increase in the teacher's union contract is contributing to $1 million increase in salary expenses. The district's employee health insurance rate is set to increase by 15 percent. Finally the transportation contract called for a 3 percent increase.
APA study According to an extensive study of York County school districts conducted by APA Associates in 2008, Spring Grove Area School District achieved a +6 rating based on Performance and Relative Efficiency. Eleven of 16 York County districts achieved a positive rating.
Tuition Students who live in the Spring Grove Area School District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to Spring Grove Area School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the Spring Grove Area School District's schools. The 2012 tuition rates are Elementary Schools - $8,364.48, High School - $9,207.21.
Spring Grove Area School District is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax 1.0% and net profit tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, per capita taxes, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the level of personal wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012-13 school year, Spring Grove Area School District received $10,221,236. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block Grant (ABG) program. Spring Grove Area School District received $204,767 in ABG funding. The state also provided a $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS.
In 2011-12, Spring Grove Area School District received a $10,016,469 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the School District received $204,767 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget included $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 896 students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year.
In the 2010-2011 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 3.97% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $10,602,868 to Spring Grove Area School District. Among the districts in York County, the highest increase went to Hanover Public School District which got an 8.39% increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where a district received at least the same amount as the year before, even where enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of increase each school district receives was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. This was the second year of Governor Rendell’s policy to fund some districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009-2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 5.85% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $10,602,869 to Spring Grove Area School District. Among the districts in York County, the highest increase went to Central York School District which got a 12.54% increase in state basic education funding. Ninety school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. The amount of increase each school district receives was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and the Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal.
The state Basic Education Funding to Spring Grove Area School District in 2008-09 was $10,016,666.23. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 895 district students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004–2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010–11 the Spring Grove Area School District applied for and received $555,766. The district used the funding to provide full-day kindergarten and to reduce class size K-3rd grade.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Spring Grove Area High School did not apply to participate in 2006-07 or in 2007-08. Spring Grove Area High School received $188,223 in 2008-09. In York County the highest award was given to West Shore School District - $1,023,131. The highest funding state wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. In 2010, Classrooms for the Future funding was curtailed statewide due to a massive state financial crisis.
Other grants.
Spring Grove Area School District did not participate in: Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection's Environmental Education grants, PA Science Its Elementary grants, Education Assistance Grants, 2012 Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant, nor the 21st Century learning grants.
Federal Stimulus funding.
The district received an extra $1,460,432 in ARRA – Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The Pennsylvania Department of Education advised the districts to use the money for nonrecurring expenses like purchasing equipment and teaching resources like books, and software.
Race to the Top grant.
Spring Grove Area School District officials did not apply for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided over one million dollars in additional federal funding to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Real estate taxes.
The school board levied a real estate tax of 20.0831 mills in 2012–13. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. On the local level, Pennsylvania district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75–85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts.
The average yearly property tax paid by York County residents amounts to about 4.01% of their yearly income. York County ranked 232nd of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state's Department of Education. The base index for the 2011–2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six of the ten exceptions to the Act 1 Index. The following exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Spring Grove Area School District 2006–2007 through 2011–2012.
For the 2013-14 school year, Spring Grove Area School Board applied for an exception to the Act 1 index due to teacher pension costs. For this school budget year 171 Pennsylvania public schools applied for exceptions to exceed their respective Act 1 index. Pennsylvania public school districts that adopt a preliminary budget have two options to increase tax rates above their index: 1) seek an exception from the Department or 2) request approval from the electorate by placing a referendum question on the ballot in the election immediately preceding the school year (May 21, 2013). In order to increase property taxes beyond the index without seeking voter approval, Spring Grove Area School Board was required to submit and receive approval for a referendum exception from the state's Department of Education.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Spring Grove Area School Board applied for all three exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. It was approved for debt and pension costs, while the special education costs was denied by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011-12 school year, Spring Grove Area School Board apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index for Pension costs. The request was allowed Each year, Spring Grove Area School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
Spring Grove Area School Board also apply for an exception (pension costs) to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011. The exception was allowed. For 2009-10 school budget, the board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Index. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Spring Grove Area School District was $124 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 8,065 property owners applied for the tax relief. In 2010, within York County school districts, the highest amount went to York City School District set at $495 per approved homestead. The property tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $641 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. CUSD was given $632 in 2009. This was the second year they were the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently individuals who have income substantially greater than $35,000, may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The district's students have access to a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive costly sports program. Eligibility for participation is determined by the school board policy and in compliance with standards set by the Pennsylvania interscholastic Athletics Association (PIAA). The District does not charge an activity fee to students regardless of how costly the program or sport is to run. Spring Grove School District spent $68,480 for the transportation of sports teams in 2011-12. Countywide nearly $1 million was spent on transporting public school sports teams. The total extracurricular budget for the District in 2007-08 was $711,420 and grew to $969,482 in 2010-11. Collectively, York County public schools spent over $9 million on sports budgets (does not include facility costs) in 2011-12.
Extracurricular activities available at Spring Grove include academics, such as Science Olympiad, Team America Rocketry Challenge, Student Launch Initiative, Envirothon, Vex Robotics, and Physics Olympics, and clubs, such as Key Club, GSA, Hacky Sack Club, Academic Booster club, Art Club, Book Club, Debate Club, Drama Club, Film Club, FBLA, Future Educators Club, History Club, Journalism, Link Crew, National Honor Society, Peer Mentoring, Physics Club, Power of One Club, Psychology Club, Project Harmony, Recycling Club, Rocket Scientists, SADD, Student Council, Ski Club, Spanish Club, Tech Squad, Tri-M Music Honor Society, Ultimate Frisbee, Yearbook, and York County Science and Engineering Fair.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="20745685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745685" title="1991 Philadelphia Wings season">
1991 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1991 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's fifth season of operation. 
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]
(p) - denotes playoff game
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745696" title="Chicks in Chainmail">
Chicks in Chainmail

Chicks in Chainmail is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Esther M. Friesner, with a cover by Larry Elmore. It consists of works featuring female protagonists by (mostly) female authors. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in September 1995, with a hardcover edition following from Baen in conjunction with the Science Fiction Book Club in January 1996. It was the first of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
The book collects twenty short stories by various fantasy authors, with an introduction by Friesner.

</doc>
<doc id="20745698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745698" title="Kunoy (village)">
Kunoy (village)

Kunoy () is a village, and seat of Kunoy Municipality in the Faroe Islands.
As of 2006 it had a population of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20745706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745706" title="1992 Philadelphia Wings season">
1992 Philadelphia Wings season

The 1992 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's sixth season of operation. 
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm] 
(p) - denotes playoff game
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745719" title="1993 Philadelphia Wings season">
1993 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1993 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's seventh season of operation. 
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm] 
(p) - denotes playoff game
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745726" title="Lawrence G. Smith">
Lawrence G. Smith

Lawrence G. Smith, MD, MACP, is executive vice president and physician-in-chief of the North Shore-LIJ Health System, the senior physician on all clinical issues. In addition, Smith is the founding dean of the Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine, whose first class of students began its studies in August 2011.
Career.
Smith earned a Bachelor of Science degree in physics from Fordham University and a medical degree from the New York University School of Medicine. He performed his residency in internal medicine at Strong Memorial Hospital, followed by military service as a captain in the Army Medical Corps at Fitzsimmons Army Medical Center in Denver, Colorado.
Smith began his career practicing general internal medicine in Huntington, New York. Subsequently, he practiced general medicine at Stony Brook University Hospital, where he became a full-time faculty member, director of education, and program director of the hospital’s residency program in internal medicine. In 1994, he joined the faculty of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in Manhattan, New York as vice chairman of the Department of Medicine and residency program director. He served as dean (beginning in 2002) and as chairman of medical education, founder and director of the school’s Institute for Medical Education, professor of medicine, and attending physician. 
Smith joined North Shore-LIJ in May 2005 as chief academic officer and senior vice president of academic affairs. In addition, he was responsible for overseeing the health system’s medical student education programs and academic faculty appointments. Smith was also accountable for establishing close relationships with doctors and hospitals throughout North Shore-LIJ to enhance the health system’s partnerships with staff and community-based physicians, and improve physician recruitment efforts.
Smith is member-at-large of the National Board of Medical Examiners and a member of the Board of Visitors of Fordham College. Also, he 
is a former regent of the American College of Physicians and former member of the board of directors of the American Board of Internal Medicine. In April 2011, Smith was elected to Mastership of the American College of Physicians.
Awards.
Smith is the first recipient of the Lawrence Scherr, MD, Professorship of Medicine at Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine. He was honored with the 2008 Dema C. Daly Founders Award by the Association of Program Directors of Internal Medicine, of which he is a former president. He was also awarded the Solomon A. Berson Alumni Achievement Award in Health Science by the New York University School of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20745741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745741" title="1994 Philadelphia Wings season">
1994 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1994 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's eighth season of operation. 
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm] 
(p) - denotes playoff game
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745746" title="1995 Philadelphia Wings season">
1995 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1995 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's ninth season of operation. 
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm] 
(p) - denotes playoff game
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745754" title="1996 Philadelphia Wings season">
1996 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1996 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's tenth season of operation.
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm] 
(p) - denotes playoff game 
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745759" title="1997 Philadelphia Wings season">
1997 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1997 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's eleventh season of operation. 
Game log.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm] 
(p) - denotes playoff game

</doc>
<doc id="20745761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745761" title="Twain–Ament indemnities controversy">
Twain–Ament indemnities controversy

The Twain–Ament indemnities controversy was a major "cause célèbre" in the United States of America in 1901 as a consequence of the published reactions of American humorist Mark Twain to reports of Rev. William Scott Ament and other missionaries collecting indemnities from Chinese people in the aftermath of the Boxer Uprising.
Origins of the Controversy.
In 1900, attacks took place across China in connection with the Boxer Rebellion which targeted Christians and foreigners. Many missionaries with their children, as well as native Christians were killed and much property was destroyed. While most missionaries, including those of the largest affected mission agency, the China Inland Mission led by Hudson Taylor, refused to even accept payment for loss of property or life "in order to demonstrate the meekness of Christ to the Chinese" when the allied nations were demanding compensation from the Chinese government, not all missionaries acted with similar restraint.
In 1901 veteran American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions missionary Rev. Dr. William Scott Ament, who had served in China since 1877, became embroiled in a controversy regarding his activities (and those of other Christian missionaries, including Pierre-Marie-Alphonse Favier, Roman Catholic Vicar Apostolic of North Chihli) subsequent to the Boxer Uprising. "In the war's aftermath came a war of words. Missionary triumphalism clashed with the sarcastic sallies of Mark Twain, who lampooned the apologias for looting given by American missionary William Scott Ament."
Ament's attitude and actions.
While Ament through his own personal initiative was able to rescue the ABCFM missionaries at Tungchow, there was still significant loss of lives. Thirteen ABCFM adult missionaries and five children were killed by the Boxers. Included were Miss Mary Susan Morrill (born 1863 in Portland, Maine) and Miss Annie Allender Gould, were among the eleven foreign missionaries, four children, and about fifty Chinese Christians killed in Baoding from 30 June 1900. Additionally, there was much damage to ABCFM property. The ABCFM Mission compound was razed, as was the Emily Ament Memorial School (named in honour of Ament's daughter) on Sixth Street, Peking. Ament estimated that by the end of July 1900 that losses for the ABCFM Peking station was about $71,000 gold.
Occupation of the Mongolian Fu.
On 11 August 1900, Ament indicated in a letter to his wife, that:
Ament was able to occupy the Mongolian Fu, a suspected Boxer headquarters adjacent to the ABCFM chapel, by 20 August 1900. Ament was able to write to his wife:
Demand for indemnities.
On 20 August 1900, Ament with nineteen other American Protestant missionaries sent a note to United States Minister, Edwin H. Conger, demanding 
These demands were transmitted to John Hay (8 October 1838; 1 July 1905), United States Secretary of State (1898–1905), with only the demands for indemnities and the abolition of the examination system ultimately included in the Boxer Protocol. According to Wong,
On 25 August 1900, Ament revealed his plans to punish the Boxers for their actions:
Again, Ament indicated:
Collection of indemnities.
From 13 September 1900, Ament, and an assistant, Reverend Elwood Gardner Tewksbury (born 1865, West Newbury, Massachusetts), accompanied by the U.S. 6th Cavalry, searched the areas adjacent to Beijing for Boxers, collecting indemnities for Christians who had been killed by the Boxers, and ordering the burning of some homes and even allegedly executing suspected Boxers.Ament had been chosen by his fellow missionaries "as the one who would be honorable and just to all." Ament reported to Mary, his wife, on 18 September 1900: 
On 1 January 1901, Ament, writing to his wife, confided: 
Ament is quoted as advocating the necessity of the use of force to ensure genuine regret among the Chinese: 
In a letter to ABCFM corresponding secretary Dr. Judson Smith of 13 November 1900 (received by Smith on 7 January 1901), Ament says: I have been in Cho Chou. This time I proposed to settle affairs without the aid of soldiers or legations. It was a complete success. Every one of our dispossessed church-members has been reinstated and a money compensation made for his losses. This has been done by appealing to the sense of justice among the villages where our people lived and where they are respected by all decent people. The villagers were extremely grateful because I brought no foreign soldiers and were glad to settle on the terms proposed. After our conditions were known many villagers came of their own accord and brought their money with them. Apparently, the actions of Russian, French and German soldiers, "who looted and killed on every hand, often taking delight in shooting every person visible... determined Dr. Ament not to go again with soldiers in his efforts to secure the replacing of the Christian in their homes, or to enforce the reasonable demands for indemnity for the great losses sustained by the church-members." Ament wrote in a letter on 27 September 1900, about a month after the occupation of the Mongol Fu (palace): "I am selling off the "bric-a-brac", silks, furs found in the Fu for the benefit of the Christians."
Ament, writing to Rev. Dr. Judson Smith on 27 December 1900, before he became aware of any criticism, gives this account of the collection of indemnities: After a month of very hard work, I am glad to report progress to you. I visited - beginning on the south - Wen An, Pao Ting Hsien, Pa Chou, P'ing Ting, Cho Chou, Liang Hsiang, and on the east, Shun Yi. I found the officials in all these places exceedingly friendly and anxious to settle the affairs of the converts, recognizing the right and the need of such claims. I have made no use of foreign soldiers and "brought no external pressure to bear, relying on the justice of our claims". Mr. Conger has supported us in the measures and methods taken, though the military people have not failed to make criticisms. The survivors in all our country stations have been recouped for all their losses, again reinstated in their villages, with some money in hand, and a promise of houses restored next spring. Over and above restoration for the converts there has been gathered a fund for the support of widows and orphans, who have no homes and have no one to look after them."
Criticisms of Ament and his actions.
Wilbur Chamberlin and "New York Sun" article (24 December 1900).
An interview that Wilbur Chamberlin of the New York "Sun" conducted with Ament elevated the indulgences issue into a "cause célèbre". Chamberlin had first met Ament in Beijing on 14 October 1900. In a letter to his wife, Chamberlin indicated: The Rev. A. is a missionary, and he appears to be a very good sort of a fellow, but I cannot for the life of me approve of his methods...You see, when the soldiers came to Peking and these missionaries were safe, some of them began at once to clamor for damages that they said they had sustained. The first thing that they did was to get for living places the palaces of the rich Chinese Princes, and when they had them they started in clearing them out. They took everything of value and sold it for a song. Then they let their native Christians go out hunting and stealing more loot, and then they sold that. They said it was no sin and eased their consciences by saying they had the right to reimburse themselves for the losses they sustained. It was just as if a man had stolen something from me, and, to get square, I went and stole something from him. In other words, two wrongs make a right. That may be all right, but I don't think so. At A.'s home, which was the palace of Prince Pei, a Manchu, before the trouble, I met a lot more missionaries."
While Chamberlin thought it unlikely that the "Sun" publish his reports about the looting by missionaries and their followers, he felt that should they be printed that he would be
Chamberlin's report was subsequently published in the Christmas Eve 1900 edition of New York's "The Sun" newspaper. Chamberlin reported:The Rev. Mr. Ament, of the American Board of Foreign Missions, has returned from a trip which he made for the purpose of collecting indemnities for damages done by Boxers. Everywhere he went he compelled the Chinese to pay. He says that all his native Christians are now provided for. He had 700 of them under his charge, and 300 were killed. He has collected 300 taels for each of these murders, and has compelled full payment for all the property belonging to Christians that was destroyed. He also assessed fines amounting to THIRTEEN TIMES the amount of the indemnity. This money will be used for the propagation of the Gospel.
Mr. Ament declares that the compensation he has collected is moderate, when compared with the amount secured by the Catholics, who demand, in addition to money, head for head. They collect 500 taels for each murder of a Catholic. In the Wenchiu country, 680 Catholics were killed, and for this the European Catholics here demand 750,000 strings of cash and 680 heads.
In the course of a conversation, Mr. Ament referred to the attitude of the missionaries toward the Chinese. He said:
Chamberlin indicated in a letter to his wife dated 28 December 1900, that he had interviewed Ament that day about missionary looting, and that Ament believed he had done nothing for which he was ashamed. Chamberlin confided to his wife that
In a subsequent letter to his wife, dated 29 January 1901, Chamberlin indicates that
Mark Twain: “To the Person Sitting in Darkness” (February 1901).
Mark Twain was "an outspoken critic of American involvement in the Philippines and China", and "one of the mammoth figures in anti-imperialism, and certainly the foremost anti-imperialist literary figure" of his days, having become in January 1901 a vice president of the Anti-Imperialist League of New York.
Twain decided to use the "Sun" article as the basis of a sustained attack on both the missionary enterprise and its imperialist tendencies. "Twain lampooned missionary morality and likened it to questionable American activities in the Philippines". According to Foner, Twain used the conduct of Ament to "drive home the point that the missionary movement served as a front for imperialism. "Without any doubt 'To the Person Sitting in Darkness' is Twain's most famous anti-imperialist piece. The satire is incredibly dark and Twain does not hesitate to taunt those whom he considers to be immoral including McKinley as the "Master of the Game," the missionaries, and the trusts." The title of the article is "an ironic reference to Matthew 4:16 — "The people who sat in darkness have seen a great light"", "and used by the Christian missionaries when referring to the “savage,” “heathen,” “uncivilized” populations of the lands the imperialists were conquering." It was also a reaction to the intervention philosophy of British writer Rudyard Kipling's pro-imperialistic February 1899 poem."The White Man's Burden", The title was "a play upon the idea of western civilization being "enlightened". Kipling had used the image when he wrote of the:
In this article, Twain especially targeted Ament. According to Susan Harris:“To the Person Sitting in Darkness,” which Mark Twain published in the "North American Review" in 1901, attacks Western imperialism as it was manifesting itself in South Africa, China, Cuba, and the Philippines. It names its villains – William McKinley, Joseph Chamberlain, the Kaiser, the Czar – and their instruments, especially the Reverend William Ament, a Congregationalist minister who was affiliated with the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
According to Twain biographer Albert Bigelow Paine, "Twain, of course, was fiercely stirred. The missionary idea had seldom appealed to him, and coupled with this business of bloodshed, it was less attractive than usual. He printed the clippings in full, one following the other; then he said:By happy luck we get all these glad tidings on Christmas Eve—just the time to enable us to celebrate the day with proper gaiety and enthusiasm. Our spirits soar and we find we can even make jokes; taels I win, heads you lose. 
"He went on to score Ament, to compare the missionary policy in China to that of the Pawnee Indians, and to propose for him a monument— subscriptions to be sent to the American Board. He denounced the national policies in Africa, China, and the Philippines, and showed by the reports and by the private letters of soldiers home, how cruel and barbarous and fiendish had been the warfare made by those whose avowed purpose was to carry the blessed light of civilization and Gospel “to the benighted native”—how in very truth these priceless blessings had been handed on the point of a bayonet to the “Person Sitting in Darkness.” Mark Twain never wrote anything more scorching, more penetrating in its sarcasm, more fearful in its revelation of injustice and hypocrisy, than his article “To the Person Sitting in Darkness.” He put aquafortis on all the raw places, and when it was finished he himself doubted the wisdom of printing it.
James Smylie somewhat whitewashes the controversy, saying, "Twain went after the respected Congregationalist minister, Reverend William Scott Ament, director of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. Ament joined other powers in seeking indemnities from the Chinese after the Boxer Rebellion against western exploitation in 1900. Twain, perhaps unfairly, was shocked that Ament would use such blood money for the "propagation of the Gospel" and to promote the "blessings of civilization" to brothers and sisters who "sit in darkness." He summoned to missionaries: Come home and Christianize Christians in the states!"
Reactions to the Controversy.
After its publication in "The North American Review" for February 1901, as the opening article, there was a huge controversy. This article "created a national sensation as well as a savage debate between Twain and the American Board of Foreign Missions; it is a masterful and satiric polemic condemning imperialism and the West for military intervention in China, South Africa, and the Philippines." According to Paine, Every paper in England and America commented on it editorially, with bitter denunciations or with eager praise, according to their lights and convictions. At 14 West Tenth Street residence letters, newspaper clippings, documents poured in by the bushel—laudations, vituperations, denunciations, vindications; no such tumult ever occurred in a peaceful literary home. It was really as if he had thrown a great missile into the human hive, one-half of which regarded it as a ball of honey and the remainder as a cobblestone. Whatever other effect it may have had, it left no thinking person unawakened.
After its magazine publication, the Anti-Imperialist League of New York published the essay as a pamphlet and seems to have distributed as many as 125,000 copies. However, "Even within the Anti-Imperialist League, reaction to Mark Twain’s essay was mixed. Though the League reprinted it as a pamphlet (it had the widest circulation of any League publication) League censors excised significant passages, included the author’s quotation from the New York "Sun" on the prevailing squalor in the slums of Manhattan’s Lower East Side, as well as his bitter condemnation of the activities of Christian missionaries in China."
Critics of Ament.
"The New York Times".
On 26 January 1901, the editor of "The New York Times", in an editorial entitled "Loot and Indemnity in China", after describing the "various unprovoked and unpunished acts of murder, arson, robbery and rape" by the Allied forces, attacked the missionaries in China as "the most vociferous plauditors of the operations, the most implacable demanders of Chinese blood" and indicated that "the accounts that have reached us have represented the missionaries as having been as active in the looting of Chinese property as they had been in instigating the promiscuous taking of Chinese lives."
Ament was arrested by German and French troops near Tungchow, and charged with trying to extort money from the Chinese villagers. On 5 February 1901, "The New York Times" reported that Ament had been arrested (along with two British subjects) on a charge of "endeavoring to extort money from the Chinese villagers" near Tungchow (now the Tongzhou District, Beijing). While the two British subjects were released, Ament was held pending an appeal to United States Minister Edwin H. Conger. Two days later, "The Times" reported that Ament "had been arrested by French and German officers on the painful charge of blackmailing Chinese villages...The charge has terrible plausibility. Apparently the only relevant answer the inculpated missionary could make to the charge is the ancient rejoinder "You're another," which the other doubtless was. But what a predicament for a missionary to be placed in with reference to avowed looters."
"The New York Times", in an editorial of 7 February 1901, echoed the previous criticisms of Ament: "The plain fact is that the ministers of the gospel of CHRIST have been a disturbing factor in the Chinese situation." Quoting the opinion of then British Prime Minister, Robert Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury, who indicated that "missionaries in general have been an international nuisance", "The Times" indicated that "the missionaries in China were showing a vindictiveness, in respect to the outrages and the situation which did not exactly comport with the Gospel they professed to be spreading." "The Times" concludes: "Upon the whole, it seems safe to say, that the Rev, Mr. Ament has missed his vocation, and that, for the particular function which incumbed on him, of propagating the Christian Gospel in foreign parts, he was not the most eligible person that could have been imagined or even secured."
Ament was subsequently released at the direction of the German military commander, Count Alfred von Waldersee. Wilbur Chamberlin, a reporter for the New York "Sun", sent to China, reported in a letter dated 9 February 1901 to his wife:My missionary friend, the Rev. A.[ment, is out of limbo...Quite a long time ago he had a scheme for collecting damages for all his native Christians and his church from the Chinese themselves. He went around to some forty villages and collected 80,000 taels. A few days ago he went back there and was promptly arrested at the instigation of some Roman Catholics. It appears they had the same sort of scheme, but A. got there first, and when they went around to these same villages to make their collections, they found out that he had all the money there was. Naturally, they were enraged, so they made complaint against A., and declared that he had been blackmailing the villages...I really think, myself, that A. might have left a little for the Catholics. I don't like to see a man take it all, even if he is a missionary." Chamberlin indicated that the French and Germans, under pressure from the Americans, released him, insisting that he was never under arrest.
On 31 March 1901, the "New York Times" reported that the collection of "private indemnities" by Ament and others in China might disqualify them from any claim for payments when the United States government tendered its indemnity claims on China. It further indicated that the United States government could not make any claims for Chinese Christians as they were not American citizens, and that "Dr. Ament's recent complaint that the powers would do nothing in the way of collecting indemnity for these Christian Chinamen has not tended to raise the estimate of missionary intelligence among diplomats here D.C.".
Thomas F. Millard.
Ardent anti-imperialist American war correspondent Thomas Franklin Fairfax Millard (born 1868; died 8 September 1942 in Seattle, Washington), considered "the founding father of American journalism in China" who later "probably has had a greater influence on contemporary newspaper journalism than any other American journalist in China,” then a special correspondent for the "New York Herald" in China since 1900, who also had his reports published in Britain's "The Daily Mail", and American magazines including "Scribner's Magazine" and "The Cosmopolitan", and the English-language "Kobe Weekly Chronicle" of Japan, criticised Ament for his actions on the military expedition to San Ho in September 1900. Millard charged in "Scribner's Magazine" that the allied insistence on revenge was criminal. "Seized with a vertigo of indiscriminating vengeance, the powers are trifling with the peace of the world. Events such as the months of September, October and November brought to China have carried war back to the Dark Ages, and will leave a taint in the moral atmosphere of the world for a generation to come". Upon his return to the United States in January 1901, in response to a letter urging the editor of "The New York Times" to retract his editorial of 26 January 1901 on "Loot and Indemnity in China", Millard wrote I hope you will not retract your statements. They are well within the facts, as I know from personal observation. It may serve no good purpose to stir this matter up, but how can Christianity reform its mission work as long as it persists in its present hallucinations."
Supporters of Ament attributed Millard's critique to prejudice. For example, ABCFM missionary George D. Wilder in writing to Rev. Judson Smith, secretary of the ABCFM, indicated:
you ask who Mr. Millard is and what reason lies in his prejudice against Missions in general. Mr. Ament does not know him and I have inquired of several missionaries in Peking, none of whom know anything about him. He wrote to the Mail as late as Jan. 12th from Peking. You have probably seen his articles in some of the magazines of America – Scribners or Cosmopolitan. These reporters come through Japan where there is a strong prejudice against Christianity, especially in newspaper circles, and then they stop a few days among the clubs in Shanghai where they are filled with all the yarns about missionaries. I have known of three or four who have admitted that they came north with prejudices against missionaries and that they vanished on acquaintance with our Peking and Tung Chou people. Chamberlain of the Sun was one of these and I think it was he who rebuked another reporter for his tirade against missions by saying "That is the way I felt, too, when I first came but I have changed my mind since I have known the missionaries." We have received copies of a five-column interview with Mr. Ament in the Kobe Herald. He had been terribly slandered by the Kobe Chronicle, whose Editor has announced his purpose to do all the harm to the cause of Christianity that he can, so that we are glad to see an explanation in the same city. We expect Mr. Ament to do much good in setting these things right in the public mind. One of Millard's proteges, Edgar Snow described Millard's "anti-colonial, anti-imperialist, pro-independence, pro-equality of nations, pro-Republican, pro-self-determination and very pro-American [views.]."
Other Critics.
John Ames Mitchell wrote sarcastically in his "Life" magazine that "The Rev. Ament seems to be a good collector. When he gets out of his Chinese scrape he ought to be able to find a place in the Tammany police force...Mark Twain had hung up the hide of the Reverend Ament, missionary in China." Charles Fletcher Lummis, editor of "The Land of Sunshine", agreed with Twain's assessment of the situation: "Dr. Ament, American missionary to China, who extorted from innocent paupers a manifold retribution in blood and money for the sins of the Boxers."
In the Eighth series of "Ethical Addresses" (1901), after referring to "Ament and his pious frauds', Ament's motivations are explored: "It is because the Rev. Mr. Ament loved his church and her temporal possessions more than ...ethical principles...It is because men love their churches more than righteousness that iniquities done in the name of the church are condoned." In the same publication, however, referring to Ament: "The truth of the matter is, that the missionary has been made the scapegoat by conspiring and corrupt native officials, and by immoral foreigners now in China and their ignorant brethren here in the United States."
The Socialist Party of America supported Twain's attack on Ament and the other missionaries in an editorial in the 29 April 1901 edition of the "Daily People" by Daniel DeLeon:
When, however, Twain ... mercilessly exposed the vandalism of the missionaries in China, when he showed that they had looted the palaces and despoiled the temples, and then sold their booty; he was pounced upon by the whole clergymanic body. He was reviled, he was insulted in a most Christianly way, he was called a liar, a rough, uneducated person, a defamer of good men, a boor, and various other things. Had he treated all the actions of our black coated Huns in China in an abstract way, he could have received forgiveness. It was only when he held the Rev. Ament up as the chief of a band of thieves that he transgressed, and closed forever the wellsprings of mercy.
Supporters of Ament.
The reaction among the missionaries, and proponents of imperialism was swift and predictable. They charged Twain with treason. "Twain's caustic indictment generated, in turn, a defensive apologetics on the part of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. Both Judson Smith and Gilbert Reid claimed that missionary looting was "high ethics," and added that American missionaries had only looted to provide money for the relief of Chinese Christians."
Judson Smith.
Rev. Dr. Judson Smith (born 28 June 1837 in Middlefield, Massachusetts; died 29 June 1906 in Roxbury, Massachusetts), who had been one of Ament's professors at Oberlin College, the corresponding secretary of Ament's sponsoring mission (1884-1906), The American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM), in letters to both the New York "Herald" and "Tribune" in February 1901 denied the accuracy of the "Sun" clipping of 24 December 1900, indicating that the cable report had “grossly exaggerated” the amount of Mr. Ament’s collections. Instead of thirteen times the indemnity it should have read “one and a third times” the indemnity. Further, Smith defended Ament, declaring that Ament had suffered in the Boxer Rebellion and that Twain's “brilliant article would produce an effect quite beyond the reach of plain argument,” and that it would do an innocent man an injustice. Smith demanded an apology from Twain. Replying in a letter to the New York "Tribune", Twain insisted that Ament had arraigned himself.
Gilbert Reid.
Rev. Gilbert Reid (born 29 November 1857; died 1927) (founder of the Mission among the Higher Classes in China (MHCC)) wrote an article entitled "The Ethics of Loot" in the July edition of "Forum", in which he justified the motives and methods of the missionaries in collecting indemnities.
North China Mission.
At the end of January 1901 fourteen members of the North China Mission of the ABCFM endorsed the actions of Ament and Tewksbury: "Voted, That Dr. Ament and Mr. Tewksbury were justified in the following the advice of the United States Minister and selling the moveable property in the Tau-lu-po-fu and the Yu-wang-fu for the benefit of the distressed Chinese refugees and for the extraordinary expenses after the siege was raised;..."
Peking Missionary Society.
On 21 March 1901, the Peking Missionary Association demanded Twain retract the statements he made attacking Ament in the February issue of "The North American Review" "concerning monies he collected from rural Chinese in payment for properties destroyed and people killed during the Boxer rebellion." The PMA secretary cabled the editor of "The North American Review":
Peking Missionary Association demands public retraction. Mark Twain's gross libel against Ament utterly false. SECRETARY.
Twain indicated that he could not comment for publication, but would respond in the April edition of "The North American Review". His representative indicated: "He hopes that both the Peking Missionary Association and the American Board of Foreign Missions will like it, but he has his doubts."
George D. Wilder.
George D. Wilder, an ABCFM colleague of Ament in China, wrote in a letter to Judson Smith on 25 March 1901:
Mr. Ament left us this morning after a delay here of five days. The Mark Twain article in the North American Review cut him like a knife and weighs deeply on him, but he takes it in a most beautiful spirit. The sympathy of all the Peking missionaries, and their absolute confidence in his integrity and the uprightness of his course has been a great help to him, and I think he goes back well prepared to set things right so far as he can in person. He plans to write a series of articles telling exactly what he has done. It will be a story worth telling, even if there were no occasion for it as a vindication of his character. I have been with him all this first week since he heard about the Sun and the Review articles. The calm and sweet spirit in which he has taken it and his brave resolution to set the matter right so far as in him lies, is answer enough for those who know of it.
"Boston Journal".
Ament was not just defended by his colleagues or other Christian organisations. An editorial in the "Boston Journal", entitled "A Humorist Astray", defends Ament:
Mark Twain had better stick to his last. He is a capital humorist but when he poses as a publicist he gets into trouble straightway. His article in the North American Review is not good humor, and is very bad politics. Some of it, moreover, seems to be recklessly and even libellously untrue...
Mr. Ament, against whom Mark aims the hasty shafts of his ridicule and denunciation, is one of the heroic men of peace who distinguished themselves in the defense of the British Legation. He has been a leader in the great and urgent work of relieving the necessities of the native Christians of the northern provinces, or of those who escaped the Boxer sword. In pursuance of this work, he has secured money contributions from the villages where the native Christians suffered. It does not appear that Mr. Ament has used any force to accomplish this. It does not appear that he has secured any more money than was essential to feed and clothe his native wards, and to re-establish them in dwellings. This is a work of Christian charity, defensible on the most elementary grounds of justice. When Mark Twain accuses Dr. Ament and his fellow missionaries of "looting" he manifests a mental and moral obliquity which astonishes and pains his New England neighbors and admirers.
The trouble with our genial humorist is that he is beyond his depth. He would not make a success if he turned statesman. He would not make much of a success if he turned missionary; as a humorist he is incomparable. Every man to his trade. Let Mark remember this, and let him choose as a target for his satire something other than the heroic men who have been through the nightmare of blood and ruin in China, while he has been comfortably basking in the sunlight that makes eternal summer for a genius admired of both old world and new.
Henry Stimson.
Prominent New York lawyer, and future United States Secretary of State, Henry Stimson, responding to a "New York Times" editorial criticising Ament and the other missionaries in China, wrote in a letter published in "The Times" on 21 March 1901: "In our time no group of Americans have won no more enduring honor for their country or done the world a greater benefit than have our missionaries in North China. In common decency, is it not time that if at home the full meed of honor cannot not be given them they be at least shielded from deprecating apology and unjust disparagement?"
Edwin Conger.
Edwin Hurd Conger (7 March 1843 – 18 May 1907), the United States Minister to China (1898–1905), consistently defended the actions of Ament and the other missionaries. For example, on 25 April 1901, "The New York Times" reprinted an interview with Conger, originally conducted in Kobe, Japan on 6 April 1901 while both men were "en route" to the United States. Conger defended the actions of Ament, indicating confiscated goods had been sold to ensure the survival of Chinese Christians. Conger indicated that the missionaries "only appropriated their property for justifiable ends."
On the same day a Boston newspaper reported: "Dr. Ament explains the sale of goods in the Mongol prince's house in which he took up his quarters by saying that those with him were without food and that he sold the goods on the advice of Mr. Conger. Had they not taken possession of the place it would have been destroyed by the Russians. The amount realized by the sale was devoted to the needs of the native Christians." The same despatch quoting from Mr. Conger says:
There were really no actions on the part of the missionaries there that were not entirely justified. There was no government, no organization. There were houses of men who had been firing on the foreign quarter; their property had been abandoned as a result of a state of war, and it was taken in order to succor hundreds of suffering and destitute Chinese whose lives the original owners had been laboring to destroy. Winter was coming on, measures of some kind were imperative, and the appropriation of property for the ends in view was unquestionably justified. I am prepared to justify the conduct of the American missionaries before the siege, during the siege and after the siege.
Sir Claude Maxwell MacDonald.
Colonel Sir Claude Maxwell MacDonald (1852–1915), the chief British diplomat in Beijing during the Boxer Uprising, and the commander of the defence of the besieged foreign legations, also defended the missionaries:
If all looting is wrong, as in theory it is, then they have been to blame: but there are times when the laws of nature assert themselves over the laws of civilization, and this was a case in point. You must remember that these men had just endured a long siege, that they had been bereft of everything they possessed and that they had hundreds of men, similarly destitute, who were dependent upon them. What was their position? Had they come to me and said, 'Give us money and food,' I could only have replied in the negative, or, at all events, to the effect that I could not feed their converts, and so they took the law into their own hands. It has been a case of poetical or primitive justice. But, granted that this sort of justice was admissible, I do not admit that the missionaries abused it. I have not heard of a single instance of a missionary looting for any purpose other than that of feeding themselves and their converts who were dependent on them.
Charles Denby.
Charles Harvey Denby (1830–1904), the United States Minister to China (1885–1898) in his posthumously published "China and Her People" (1905), supported Ament directly and criticised Twain implicitly: "The raid made on Doctor Ament some years ago is an example of how incautious people, who especially yearn to be funny, handle this subject...Doctor Ament's conduct was in accordance with Chinese" customs.
Newspaper Retractions.
During the controversy both the "New York Times" and the New York "Sun" issued corrections.
"New York Times".
On 17 February 1901, the "New York Times" issued a retraction after receiving a different account of Ament's actions from Dr Judson Smith of the ABCFM, based on Ament's letter of 13 November 1900 to Smith. "The Times" reported that in Ament's own letter he indicated the compensation for the losses of the converts obtained by him had been "by appealing to the sense of justice among the villages where our people had lived." "The Times" concluded: "It seems that we have been led into doing an injustice to him...In that case we have to express our sincere regret."
New York "Sun".
On 5 March 1901, Wilbur Chamberlin, the journalist who started the controversy, telegraphed to the New York "Sun" the following, which appeared in that paper under the heading: "A Clean Bill for the Missionaries.":
Minister Conger will give a letter to the missionaries here stating that the collection of indemnities was not extortion, but the payment was voluntary on the part of the Chinese officials, and was moderate in amount. The seizure of the property was justified by the prospect that a severe famine was inevitable, and there was no government to look after the distressed people. The proceeds of the seizures were used entirely for these people. Also in March the New York "Sun" printed an interview with Ament that indicated that the indemnity was not thirteen times the loss, but only one and one-third of the loss. Dr. Porter, Ament's biographer, a fellow missionary in Beijing, considered this an "amende honorable".
“To My Missionary Critics” (April 1901).
Twain apparently "liked the attention he was getting and wrote to a correspondent that he was in "hot water with the clergy and other goody-goody people, but I am enjoying it more than I have ever enjoyed hot water before." In response to an open letter from the ABCFM demanding an apology, Twain penned "To My Missionary Critics," which offered no apologies, although it ended by acknowledging that missionaries no doubt mean well. The essay, originally entitled "The Case of Rev. Dr. Ament, Missionary," was published in the "North American Review" in April 1901. According to Fitch, "To My Missionary Critics" (1901) recapitulates the charges mounted against Reverend William Ament in "To the Person Sitting in Darkness" and underscores Twain's contempt for the American-Christian missionaries' role in imperialism."
Twain explored the delicate moral difference between a demand thirteen times as great as it should be and a demand that was only one and a third times the correct amount. As Paine explains, "The point had been made by the board that it was the Chinese custom to make the inhabitants of a village responsible for individual crimes; and custom, likewise, to collect a third in excess of the damage, such surplus having been applied to the support of widows and orphans of the slain converts."
Focusing on the exaggerated indemnity, Twain said:To Dr. Smith the “thirteen-fold-extra” clearly stood for “theft and extortion,” and he was right, distinctly right, indisputably right. He manifestly thinks that when it got scaled away down to a mere “one-third” a little thing like that was some other than “theft and extortion.” Why, only the board knows! I will try to explain this difficult problem so that the board can get an idea of it. If a pauper owes me a dollar and I catch him unprotected and make him pay me fourteen dollars thirteen of it is “theft and extortion.” If I make him pay only one dollar thirty-three and a third cents the thirty-three and a third cents are “theft and extortion,” just the same.
In this article, Twain offered some further illustrations, including the “Tale of a King and His Treasure” and another tale entitled “The Watermelons.” Twain wrote:
I have it now. Many years ago, when I was studying for the gallows, I had a dear comrade, a youth who was not in my line, but still a scrupulously good fellow though devious. He was preparing to qualify for a place on the board, for there was going to be a vacancy by superannuation in about five years. This was down South, in the slavery days. It was the nature of the negro then, as now, to steal watermelons. They stole three of the melons of an adoptive brother of mine, the only good ones he had. I suspected three of a neighbor’s negroes, but there was no proof, and, besides, the watermelons in those negroes’ private patches were all green and small and not up to indemnity standard. But in the private patches of three other negroes there was a number of competent melons. I consulted with my comrade, the understudy of the board. He said that if I would approve his arrangements he would arrange. I said, “Consider me the board; I approve; arrange.” So he took a gun and went and collected three large melons for my brother-on-the-halfshell, and one over. I was greatly pleased and asked:
“Who gets the extra one?” “Widows and orphans.”
“A good idea, too. Why didn’t you take thirteen?”
“It would have been wrong; a crime, in fact-theft and extortion.”
“What is the one-third extra—the odd melon—the same?”
It caused him to reflect. But there was no result. The justice of the peace was a stern man. On the trial he found fault with the scheme and required us to explain upon what we based our strange conduct—as he called it. The understudy said:“On the custom of the niggers. They all do it.” The justice forgot his dignity and descended to sarcasm. “Custom of the niggers! Are our morals so inadequate that we have to borrow of niggers?” Then he said to the jury: “Three melons were owing; they were collected from persons not proven to owe them: this is theft; they were collected by compulsion: this is extortion. A melon was added for the widows and orphans. It was owed by no one. It is another theft, another extortion. Return it whence it came, with the others. It is not permissible here to apply to any purpose goods dishonestly obtained; not even to the feeding of widows and orphans, for this would be to put a shame upon charity and dishonor it.” He said it in open court, before everybody, and to me it did not seem very kind.
Ament's Response.
When Ament became aware of the criticism of his activities and the subsequent controversy, he was affected adversely. Ament admitted the strain in a letter to his wife on Sunday, 27 January 1901: "I am doing what I do not recall that I ever did before, remaining at home deliberately and missing all the services. I need the rest and felt that it was imperative. You see there is no let up for me. It is a constant strain from morning till night." Missionary colleague Miss Nellie Naomi Russell (born Ontonagon, Michigan, 31 March 1862; died 22 August 1911 in China) records: ...when he was weary in body and mind, there came like a thunderbolt the article by Mark Twain in the "North American Review". I remember that day I went to his study on a matter of business, and found him sitting at his desk as if stricken at the heart. I exclaimed, "What is it? Are you ill?" "If I am what that man says, I am not fit for you to speak to me ! I feel as though I should go off and hide myself in a cave in the mountain, never again to be seen of man." I thought he had gone out of his head with all his cares, and I replied, " What you need is rest and a doctor, and I am going to send for one." If the writer of that article could have seen how he suffered he would have felt that every cent he received for that article would be a red hot coal of fire. A brave, masterful man he was, ever ready to relieve, not to add to the sum of human suffering, and while in some things he may have been unwise, his mistakes, whatever they may have been, were of the head and not the heart.
After Twain's initial article, ABCFM secretary, Rev. Dr. Judson Smith wrote to Agent, and enquired as to the propriety of missionaries collecting indemnity, Ament and Tewksbury both replied that the Chinese themselves preferred this to being subjected to extortionate measures from local officials. Additionally, Ament and Tewksbury indicated that their activities had been approved by the other missionaries. Ament indicated in a letter to his wife on 18 February 1901:
I reviewed my whole work in collecting indemnity and they and Mrs. Sheffield fully approved and are prepared to defend the course taken. The correspondents who have written were all in the dark, and had made no proper inquiries. I have invited correspondents to come and see what was being done, but they did not come. I have been very unjustly treated by these writers, and my friends are coming to the front in defense, as all the missions have done the same things, and all believe they are right. So also does Mr. Conger, who is our good friend. Do not be disturbed by anything you see in the papers. The correspondents jump on to the missionaries when they are out of matter, and news has been very scarce this winter. Dr. Sheffield thinks it better for the work that I return home now than wait a little longer and make my class reunion in 1902.
Ament left Beijing on 26 March 1901 to return to the United States to make his case, clear his name and defend the reputation of the other missionaries. On 1 April 1901, Ament, refusing to be a scapegoat in the affair, cabled the following to the ABCFM:Nothing has been done except after consultation with colleagues and the full approval of the United States Minister. I will secure a certificate from Mr. H. Conger to that effect."
On 30 March 1901, the New York "Tribune", reported Ament's rationale for his actions:
There seemed very little hope of native Christians receiving anything through the instrumentality of their officials, nor did the foreign powers think they were called upon to provide indemnity for these. All the survivors of the churches were reduced to absolute poverty. They were harmless, inoffensive people who had no feuds with their neighbors and had not intruded their religion on any one. This at least was true of the Protestant Christians. If a missionary, by means of his personal influence and by the assistance of the local official who might be friendly to him, could bring the neighbors of his persecuted people to see the error of their ways, and persuade them to contribute money for the rebuilding of destroyed houses and for the support of the survivors of the families, I think he was justified in so doing.
Ament arrived back in the United States on 25 April 1901. On the same day, "The New York Times" reprinted an interview with Ament, originally conducted in Kobe, Japan on 6 April 1901 while Ament was "en route" to the United States. In this article, Ament admitted the American and English missionaries looted the premises of Prince Yu and other Chinese magnates and sold the plunder for the benefit of the missions, the sale lasting two weeks. After disposing of all the loot, and finding that the demand for sables and other valuable things was undiminished, they purchased other plundered articles from the Russian and East Indian soldiers and sold these at a profit. Ament only received $75 from the British Loot Committee. Previous to this, a sale of garments and curios was held, and the $400 netted was given to the American Board of Foreign Missions, "with which Dr. Ament is connected. Dr. Ament explained that from the sale of goods plundered from the Mongol Prince's house only $4000 was realized, and this was devoted to the needs of the native Christians."
In May 1901 Ament responded to his critics during a brief visit to the United States of America in 1901 prior to his return to China. In response to the criticisms of Twain and others, Ament denied that the missionaries forced the Chinese to accept Christianity, and that "We treat their beliefs kindly, try to extract the good, and never interfere with their customs, except where they interfere with Christianity."
In response to Twain's specific allegations, Ament said:The clan in China is responsible for the individuals and in collecting from the clans we did only what it is the settled policy of the Chinese themselves to do. It would have been impossible to have done otherwise...As to the 'extra' indemnities, we had to provide them for the widows and orphans left penniless and homeless, and who had lost no property to be paid for because they had none. We collected an extra one-third with the consent of the authorities, and distributed it among these people...It was considered perfectly just and fair by everyone there. Then, too, we had to provide for these people, and so we went to the abandoned grain shops and took what we could find. If we had not done so the Chinese would have. We promised to pay for everything we took. We also sold off all the furniture and goods in the place and used the money to support our Christians. I have been surprised to hear that this was criticised.
On 16 May 1901, Ament addressing guests at the third annual Asiatic Society of America dinner in New York, again defended himself and his fellow missionaries:The missionaries in China, of whom I am proud to be one, represent a class of American citizens whose work in the Orient have been purposefully misrepresented...The missionaries' words have been twisted, wring interpretations made. The persistency of work like this can only justify the feeling that the root of this un-American warfare is due, not so much to what is seen or known of the deeds of missionaries, but the opposition to Christianity itself. The purpose was fixed before China was reached at all, and this murderous spirit stops not at injustice to individuals.
After Ament's death in January 1909, Judson Smith's successor, Dr. James Levi Barton (1855–1936) wrote in an obituary published in "The Congregationalist": The cruel and baseless attack made upon him in this country by Mark Twain, in 1901, left a deep wound in his heart, in spite of the fact that it was clearly shown that his acts had been above criticism. He said one night, as we were sitting in a Chinese inn upon our way to Shansi, "I presume there are many in the United States who regard me as little better than a thief and a robber." I tried to assure him that no missionary was more honored than he, none more absolutely trusted, as it had been proven that the charges had no foundation in fact. He replied, "That is true, but do the people believe the proof, and will the truth ever catch up with the charge?'
Further Responses.
By the end of May 1901 ABCFM Board secretary Dr Judson Smith silenced Ament, as he believed further comments were damaging Ament and his colleagues. Smith attempted a final defence of Ament and the other missionaries in May in an essay entitled "The Missionaries and Their Critics."
Arthur Henderson Smith.
"Somewhat at a disadvantage in this exchange, missionary leaders nevertheless attempted to influence opinion in treaty port China; Arthur Smith joined Reid and Judson Smith in writing letters to the "North-China Herald" justifying missionary actions and criticizing Twain." In a letter to the ABCFM, which was in part published in the 5 May 1901 edition of the "New York Times", Arthur Henderson Smith, writing from Beijing, defends Ament:
At the close of the siege Dr. Ament found himself with several hundred Chinese Christians on his hands, homeless, and absolutely dependent on their foreign pastor. With the permission of the Russian military authorities and with the aid of the United States Legation, Mr. Ament took possession of a Mongol house near the former mission premises, and as it was the headquarters for the Boxers who destroyed those premises, it was judged right and proper by all the authority then existing that the contents of this house should be regarded as confiscated and should be sold for the benefit of the Christians, which was done. This is the basis of the oft-repeated charge of 'missionary looting', and it is a total misuse of terms.
Smith, in his "China in Convulsion" (1901) indicated representatives of nine of the important missionary societies in China issued, both in English and in Chinese, a "Statement" in regard to the connection between missionaries and the present crisis. It is of the nature of an explanation, and incidentally a defence, and has attracted favourable comment from the leading foreign journals of Shanghai for its conspicuous fairness and moderation of language. A paragraph from an article in the " North China Daily News " dealing with should be quoted:
The charge that missionaries have manifested an improper desire to see vengeance done on the perpetrators of last year's outrages is, except in possible isolated cases, as unfounded as Mark Twain's ignorant charges against Dr. Ament and his colleagues in Peking and its vicinity. Men who have examined the whole question with an honest desire to arrive at the truth without prejudice or partiality allow that the behaviour of the missionaries as a body has not only been above reproach, but worthy of praise and gratitude. They have been anxious, as we have all been anxious, to see outrages such as those of last year made impossible in the future, and as long as human nature is what it is, men must be deterred from crime by the conviction that it will be followed by punishment ; and not to have punished, and punished severely, the culprits of last year, would have been to invite a repetition of their crimes."
Smith continues: It is incidentally a gratification to many whose sense of justice has been outraged by the captious criticisms of those with neither knowledge nor candour to comprehend existing conditions, to see that Mr. Conger has not hesitated to take the responsibility for his own advice consistently given to American citizens acting in times of storm and stress. He has comprehensively replied to all the current criticism by the remark : " I am prepared to justify the conduct of the missionaries before the siege, during the siege, and after the siege."
Assessment of Ament.
"Twain had considerable popular support, and he did not budge from his positions, but forthrightly defended them in speeches and articles over the next several years." In a letter to his best friend, Congregational clergyman Rev. Joseph Twichell in June 1901, Twain was unrepentant, referring to "Christian pirates like Ament and professional hypocrites and liars like Rev. Judson Smith of the American Board...Whenever you ask people to support them missions Joe, do bar China. Their presence there is forbidden by the Bible and by every sentiment of humanity - and fair dealing. And they have done vast mischief there. I would bar no other country."
A recent biography portrays Ament in a sympathetic light but concludes that he was "a brave and resourceful man whose heroism was tarnished by hubris and looting...William Ament, the most successful missionary in north China, the best evangelist, and the most dedicated pastor had committed a grave error...That others were no better, and many even worse was no excuse."
Consequences.
In October 1901 The Foreign Christian Missionary Society held Mark Twain's attack on Ament responsible for its decrease in income. However, Dr E.E. Strong of Ament's own mission board, the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, indicated that Twain's attacks actually helped the ABCFM financially:
We answered the charges so superabundantly that I think they affected very few of our givers...Of course, they made a difference with some who had no inclination to look into the matter. On the other hand, they helped us financially.

</doc>
<doc id="20745773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745773" title="1998 Philadelphia Wings season">
1998 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1998 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's twelfth season of operation. 
Regular Season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745782" title="1999 Philadelphia Wings season">
1999 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 1999 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's thirteenth season of operation. 
Regular Season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745794" title="2000 Philadelphia Wings season">
2000 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 2000 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's fourteenth season of operation. 
Regular Season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 

</doc>
<doc id="20745797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745797" title="William Flynn Martin">
William Flynn Martin

William Flynn Martin (born October 4, 1950) is an American energy economist, educator and international diplomat. Martin served as Special Assistant to President Reagan for National Security Affairs, Executive Secretary of the National Security Council in the West Wing of the White House and Deputy Secretary of the Department of Energy during the Ronald Reagan administration. He was President of the Council of the University for Peace, appointed to the Council by Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan and served as the Executive Director of the Republican Platform Committee during the re-election bid of George H.W. Bush. He has held senior appointments and advisory positions under several Presidents including: Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush. 
Martin was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He achieved his Bachelor of Science from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1972 and his Master of Science from MIT in 1974. His master's thesis was the basis of an article he co-authored with George Cabot Lodge in the March, 1975 "Harvard Business Review" entitled "Our Society in 1985: Business May Not Like It" [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Articles/Harvard%20Business%20Review.pdf].
Education and Early career.
As a graduate student at MIT, he was part of a team that prepared ten days of Congressional hearings chaired by Congressman John Dingell on "Growth and Its Implications for the Future" (Roundtable Press, 1973) [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/MIT/Growth%20and%20Its%20Implications.pdf]. The hearings were in response to the Club of Rome's report, "The Limits to Growth" and were aimed at providing the first Congressional hearings on the world economic, energy and environmental outlook and the need for sustainable growth strategies. He was also part of an MIT engineering group that produced a volume for the United Nations Environmental Program on resource materials for studies in environmental management. He is co-author of the report, "Professional Materials for Environmental Management Education" (MIT Press, 1975). These publications were induced by the first United Nations conference on the environment held in Stockholm in 1972 and headed by Maurice Strong who said of "Growth and Its Implications for the Future", “This small volume summarizes much of the important work going on today with regard to global survival…I know of no other publication to date which emphasizes more systematically or extensively, and in such readable form, the interacting relationships amongst diverse fields.”
Following graduating from MIT, Martin joined the MIT Energy Laboratory as a Program officer for the Workshop on Alternative Energy Strategies (WAES) headed by Professor Carroll L. Wilson, the first General Manager of the US Atomic Energy Commission. This fifteen country energy assessment group, headquartered at MIT, met for three years and produced the report, "Energy: Global Energy Prospects 1985-2000" (McGraw-Hill, 1975) Martin was a co-author of the final report and editor of "Energy Supply to the Year 2000" (MIT Press, 1977) [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/MIT/ENERGY%20%20Global%20Prospects%201985-2000.pdf. Martin was responsible for energy supply analysis as well as energy projections of developing nations. He and his co-author Frank J.P. Pinto were responsible for using the SIMLINK model of the World Bank as an economic foundation for projecting energy futures for developing nations. This World Bank-MIT project entitled "Energy and Economic Growth Prospects for the Developing Countries: 1960-2000" (MIT Press, 1977) [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/MIT/Energy%20and%20Economic%20Prospects%20for%20Developing%20Countries%201960-2000.pdf] was one of the pioneering research attempts to estimate energy prospects for developing countries. 
Martin then moved to Paris where he was responsible for energy statistics for developing countries at the International Energy Agency Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and was part of a UN expert group that developed the methodology for reporting United Nations energy statistics. The statistics were published in the volumes I and II [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/IEA%20Files/IEA%201977%20to%201980/Workshop%20On%20Energy%20Data%20vol.%202.pdf of the report "Workshop on Energy Data of Developing Countries" (IEA/OECD, 1978). Martin was also director of the IEA Workshop on Energy Statistics for Developing Countries that resulted in the first publication of energy statistics for over 100 countries in a matrix supply/demand integration format. 
In 1978, he was promoted to Special Assistant to the Executive Director of the IEA, Ulf Lantzke, and served in this capacity for two years during the time of the Second Oil Shock. At the commencement of the Iran-Iraq war, it was agreed that nations should coordinate their oil stock draws in the event of a major disruption. As the Special Assistant to the IEA Executive Director, Martin served as the coordinator for four IEA Ministerial meetings where he aided in the drafting of several communiques, including the one from 1981 that is the basis of IEA agreements today on coordinated stock draw as well as a key element of the 2009 discussions between Henry Kissinger (the founder of IEA), Nobuo Tanaka (then Executive Director) and Martin on expanding this concept to include China, India and other advancing nations. A letter from Kissinger to Martin recognizing his contribution in this regard can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/IEA%20Files/IEA%202020%20Project/Letter%20to%20Martin%20from%20Henry%20Kissinger.pdf.
Reagan Administration.
In 1981, Martin joined the United States Department of State as Special Assistant to Under Secretary of State James L. Buckley who recalled Martin's activities in his book "Gleanings from an Unplanned Life" The senior Reagan administration inter-agency "Buckley Group" that Martin coordinated sought to reduce European subsidies and credits to the Soviet Union. It also urged Europeans to reduce their dependence on Soviet gas and to find alternatives. Finally, it proposed market oriented energy policies for the United States (deregulation of oil and gas price controls, permitting Alaskan oil exports, allowing eminent domain for coal slurry pipelines) -- all policies of which eventually came to fruition during the Reagan Presidency. (see reference to this again in James Buckley's "Gleanings from an Unplanned Life" [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Gleanings%20from%20an%20Unplanned%20Life%202.pdf). Martin briefed President Reagan in the Oval Office that unless the US was credible in its energy policies, the Europeans would not take seriously our concerns on their over dependence on Soviet gas imports. 
In 1982, he was transferred to the National Security Council as the Director of International Economic Affairs. In this capacity he prepared recommendations for the President in the areas of energy security, East-West economic relations, the Iran-Iraq War and Central American economic development. A key responsibility of Martin's was to conceptualize and then negotiate with the Europeans on the issue of reducing their reliance on Soviet natural gas imports, a project that was directed personally by President Reagan. Martin's role was to negotiate the development of the giant Norwegian Troll gas field to be an alternative to Soviet gas imports and this was documented in the book "Troll: Gas for Generations," an excerpt of which can be seen here This was part of a larger program to undermine the Soviet economy as reported by Peter Schweizer in his book, "Victory: The Reagan Administration's Secret Strategy that Hastened the Collapse of the Soviet Union " and the excerpt where he credited Martin for this effort can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/William%20Martin%20reference%20in%20Peter%20Schweizer%27s%20book%20%27Victory%27.pdf. 
Martin is also credited in a Presidential citation as the principal draftsman of the "Williamsburg Declaration", at the 9th G7 Summit which is a three-page communique agreed to by the G-7 leaders who were Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of the UK, Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone of Japan, Chancellor Helmut Kohl of West Germany, Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau of Canada, Prime Minister Amintore Fanfani of Italy and Prime Minister François Mitterrand of France. The President read the three-page declaration before the world press (President Reagan's opening remarks can be seen here [http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=41403#axzz2iNt6MZQh) and credited Martin as the principal draftsman in the following letter [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Letters%20from%20the%20Reagans/Letter%20from%20Ronald%20Reagan%206-9-86.pdf]. Many conclude that this jointly agreed document, which argued for free markets and free trade policies, set in place the foundations for a worldwide economic recovery beginning in 1983. Based on these achievements, Martin was appointed Special Assistant to President Reagan, responsible for the coordination of the President’s international and head of state meetings.
Martin helped arrange President Reagan's international meetings coordinating with the White House Advance Office, NSC staff and the Department of State. He participated in the President's visits to Japan (1983), South Korea (1983), China (1984), Ireland (1984), United Kingdom (1984), the D-day fortieth anniversary commemoration on Normandy beaches in France (1984), Canada (1985), Spain (1985), Germany (1985), EU Parliament (1985), the Reagan-Gorbachev Geneva Summit (1985) and several G-7 economic summit meetings (Williamsburg, London and Bonn). Working closely with the State Department and NSC staff, he also coordinated the preparation of President Reagan's Oval Office head of state meetings. As NSC Senior Director for Coordination, he coordinated and participated in the President's major bilateral meetings with, among others, Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone of Japan, Shimon Peres of Israel, King Fahd of Saudi Arabia, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney of Canada, President Ali Saibou of Niger, King Hussein of Jordan, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of the UK, Prime Minister Bettino Craxi of Italy, Prime Minister Kåre Willoch of Norway, Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanond of Thailand, Prime Minister Ranasinghe Premadasa of Sri Lanka, Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko of the USSR, OECD Secretary General Jean-Claude Paye, UN Secretary General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar and Chancellor Helmut Kohl of West Germany. 
In addition to general preparations for the President’s meeting with the Soviet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev, he and Dr. Alvin Trivelpiece were responsible for concluding an agreement with his Russian counterpart Academic Evgeny Velikhov on magnetic fusion cooperation that has since become the ITER (International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor) project as recognized in the concluding sentence of the communique of this historic meeting, "The two leaders emphasized the potential importance of the work aimed at utilizing controlled thermonuclear fusion for peaceful purposes and, in this connection, advocated the widest practicable development of international cooperation in obtaining this source of energy, which is essentially inexhaustible, for the benefit for all mankind" [http://www.reagan.utexas.edu/archives/speeches/1985/112185a.htm. A letter from Martin to Dr. Trivelpiece recounting this experience can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/DOE%20DepSec/WFM%20Letter%20to%20Dr.%20Alvin%20Trivelpiece%20on%20Achievements%20at%20DOE.pdf].
In preparation the for major visits abroad and in the Oval office, as well visits outside the United States, Martin would sometimes do the first draft of the President's weekly radio address in close coordination with Presidential chief speech writer Ben Elliott. Three of these addresses were especially important. First, Reagan's radio address in 1984 following his first meeting with a Soviet leader (Foreign Minister Gromyko) after four years in office This widely quoted radio address, highlighted in headlines on the front page of the Washington Post [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Reagan%20Operations/Washington%20Post%209-30-84.pdf set the agenda and tone for the subsequent meeting with Soviet leader Gorbachev one year later. Reagan recognized Martin's role in its drafting in the following letter Second, Martin prepared a radio address describing the G-7 Economic Meeting chaired by Margaret Thatcher in 1984 [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Reagan%20Radio%20Addresses/Reagan%20Radio%20Address%20on%20G-7%20Meeting%206-9-84.pdf. And third, he prepared a radio address in 1983 describing the President's visit to Japan and Korea In appreciation for Martin’s work on numerous projects, President Reagan commended him in a series of letters on: European gas supplies [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Letters%20from%20the%20Reagans/Letter%20from%20Ronald%20Reagan%205-24-83.pdf; the 1983 Williamsburg Summit the 1984 UN General Assembly [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Letters%20from%20the%20Reagans/Letter%20from%20Ronald%20Reagan%2010-18-84.pdf; the 1985 Reagan-Gorbachev Geneva Summit Reagan’s 1983 trip to Asia [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Letters%20from%20the%20Reagans/Letter%20from%20Ronald%20Reagan%2012-05-83.pdf; Reagan’s 1984 trip to China and Martin’s tenure as the Executive Secretary of the National Security Council [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Letters%20from%20the%20Reagans/Letter%20from%20Ronald%20Reagan%206-9-86.pdf.
National Security Council, the White House.
Martin served as the Executive Secretary of the National Security Council in the Reagan White House [http://www.whitehouse.gov/nsc/]. The Executive Secretary is the head of the NSC as defined by the National Security Act of 1947. In practice, it serves as the NSC’s chief of staff responsible for coordination, budget and management of the National Security Council. The Executive Secretary coordinates the National Security Council meetings and manages vital policy and information communication from the Cabinet and the NSC staff to the President. One of the duties of Mr. Martin as Executive Secretary was to oversee the White House Situation Room located in the basement of the West Wing of the White House which is in 24/7 communication with the Department of Defense, State Department, Intelligence Community and US embassies abroad. 
As Executive Secretary, Martin also chaired an Executive Secretary group composed of officials from State, Defense, CIA and the NSC responsible for coordinating the President's national security priorities as identified in a book titled "National Security Issues of the United States" [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/Selected%20National%20Security%20Issues%201985.pdf]. Martin developed a system for briefing the President using a six-month national security intelligence, policy and implementation calendar working closely with his inter-agency colleagues Colin Powell and Robert Gates. 
Martin also initiated and coordinated the production of several videos prepared for the President describing Reagan's international visits, objectives and "scene-setters" including his visit to China in 1984, his visit to Europe to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of D-Day and a preview of the historic first meeting with Soviet leader Gorbachev in Geneva in 1985, a script of which can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/WFM%20Papers%20from%20Reagan%20Archives/1984%20Trip%20to%20Europe/Film%20for%20President%20on%20Trip%20to%20Europe%201984.pdf]. These videos were presented to the President just before visits to supplement other written and oral presentations. 
At the time of the Iran-Iraq war in 1984, Martin was responsible for the coordination of an NSC Special Situation Group headed by Vice-President Bush on building up the defensive capabilities of friendly Middle Eastern countries and developing a strategy to cope with potential oil market disruptions. Martin's role was detailed by Robert C. McFarlane in his book "Special Trust," an excerpt of which can be seen here The plan, approved by the President and Vice President, was an important step in building US military capability in the Gulf resulting in the successful defense of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia in the 1991 Gulf War. The plan also stimulated the buildup of the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Martin's now declassified presentation to the President can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/WFM%20Papers%20from%20Reagan%20Archives/Iran-Iraq/Presentation%20on%20Gulf%20Oil%20Disruption%205-22-84.pdf.
In 1985, Martin chaired an NSC inter-agency group on Central American Economic Development. The conclusion of the working group, presented to and approved by the President, was threefold: encourage free market reforms; contribute $8 billion in economic assistance; and encourage continued security in the region. The actual Reagan National Security Study Directive (NSSD) describing these initiatives can be viewed here [http://www.reagan.utexas.edu/archives/reference/Scanned%20NSSDs/NSSD2-85.pdf]. The policy also called upon all US Cabinet officers to assist Central America in its quest for economic development (i.e. agriculture, energy, commerce and transportation). The theme of the presentation was that security assistance in Central America would be enhanced through economic growth and prosperity. Without economic progress, the security situation would continue to unravel. In addition, Martin coordinated a special program transfer Los Alamos National Laboratory "hot dry rock" energy technology to Costa Rica. The program laboratory program grew to include laser technology developed in Department of Energy (DOE) labs to evaluate air quality in Mexico City.
During the Christmas holiday season in 1985, Mr. Martin was traveling with President Reagan to California as the NSC aide. During this time, there was a terrorist attack on the Rome and Vienna airports, resulting in the deaths of many innocent men, women and children. Martin set up an NSC crisis management center on the site of the Annenberg Estate where the President was staying and kept the President updated with morning, noon and evening meetings. The terrorist was Abu Nidal and the New York Times reported that Martin was handling the terrorist attack for the President. It was learned that Abu Nidal had backing from Libya and a key question for the President was the appropriate response. The President responded that since the attacks were in Rome and Vienna, authorities in those countries should bring the criminals to justice. "This is not a time to spread violence in the region", the President told Martin and also told him to tell Israel not to attack Syrian missiles in the Beqaa Valley. Three months later when Americans were killed in the La Belle Discotheque bombing in Berlin, President Reagan responded with an attack on Gaddafi's compound codenamed Operation El Dorado Canyon.
William Martin was also involved in the conceptualization and implementation of the National Program Office. The National Program was established to ensure continuity of the United States government in the even of a nuclear attack. This deterrence system was later adapted following the 9/11 attacks to protect the US government in the event of a hostile terrorist attack.
Department of Energy.
In June 1986, Martin was nominated by President Reagan and confirmed by the United States Senate as United States Deputy Secretary of Energy, the number two official of the United States Department of Energy Martin reported to Secretary of Energy John S. Herrington. The DOE is responsible for the nation’s nuclear weapons complex, scientific research and energy policy. At the time of his confirmation, the department had over 150,000 employees and contractors. Martin was awarded the department’s highest award by Energy Secretary John S. Herrington for a report he produced, "Energy Security: Report to the President of the United States" [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/DOE%20DepSec/Energy%20Security%20A%20report%20to%20the%20President.pdf. It was the first comprehensive inter-agency, publicly available study on US energy security and concluded that energy imports would continue to rise and that US must strive for greater energy efficiency and development of clean coal technology, safe nuclear power, natural gas, solar and other renewable technologies, as well as to maintain incentives for environmentally sensitive domestic oil development. Martin testified before the United States Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on the study conclusions. His testimony can be seen here For this, he was commended by the Democratic Chairman of the United States House Committee on Energy and Commerce, John Dingell [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/DOE%20DepSec/Letter%20to%20WFM%20from%20Rep.%20John%20Dingell.pdf. Martin was also the administration's top energy adviser on the Canada–United States Free Trade Agreement that opened up energy markets between the United States and Canada. He was commended for his work as a member of the negotiating team and core member of the Cabinet group that oversaw the negotiations with Canada Martin's testimony on behalf of the agreement before the US House of Representatives Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on International Economic Policy, Trade and Western Hemisphere Affairs can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/US-Canada%20Free%20Trade%20Agreement/William%20Martin%20Prepared%20Statement%20for%20US-Canada%20Free%20Trade%20Agreement%20Congressional%20Testimony.pdf. The full text of theses Congressional hearings on the agreement is available here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Reagan%20Administration/US-Canada%20Free%20Trade%20Agreement/Full%20Text%20of%20William%20Martin%20Congressional%20Hearing%20on%20US-Canada%20Free%20Trade%20Agreement.pdf]. 
In 1986, Martin engaged then-Governor and future President Bill Clinton in a debate before the United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on the merits of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's powers to set interstate electricity rates [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Congressional%20Testimony%20and%20Debates/Senate%20Testimony%20with%20William%20Clinton%201986.pdf]. The Senate Committee supported Martin's view, objected to by Clinton, that an electricity holding company, Grand Gulf, could justifiably raise electricity prices in the state of Arkansas due to cost overruns of the Grand Gulf Nuclear Generating Station operating in Mississippi. Though Arkansas received no power from Grand Gulf because of their interstate jurisdictions under US federal law, this debate was significant in that it established firm guidelines for the US electricity industry during a period of deregulation and concern over "rate shock." 
During Martin's tenure at the DOE, he was presented with and approved a proposal by Dr. Alvin Trivelpiece to map the Human Genome The Human Genome Project was the crown jewel of 20th century biology. This chart (available here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Trivelpiece/HGP%20Presenation.jpg)was used in the Spring of 1986 by Trivelpiece, then Director of the Office of Energy Research in the Department of Energy, to brief Martin and Under Secretary Joseph Salgado regarding his intention to reprogram $4 million to initiate the project with the approval of Secretary Herrington. This reprogramming was followed by a line item budget of $16 million the following year. This modest effort triggered the activities that led to the sequencing of the Human Genome. It is notable that this scientific gem was launched by the math, physics and supercomputing strengths of the Department of Energy Trivelpiece and Martin, under the supervision of Secretary Herrington, also collaborated on a project to launch the Superconducting Super Collider. A letter from Martin to Dr. Trivelpiece recounting the origins of ITER, Human Genome and SSC can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/DOE%20DepSec/WFM%20Letter%20to%20Dr.%20Alvin%20Trivelpiece%20on%20Achievements%20at%20DOE.pdf. 
In 1987, Acting Secretary of Energy Martin also joined President Reagan and members of his cabinet and the United States Supreme Court to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the ratification of the United States Constitution. President Reagan, accompanied by his Cabinet, spoke on the footsteps of the US Capitol addressing hundreds of thousands of Americans celebrating the event on the National Mall. 
Martin has continued to work with the DOE on various projects since his tenure as Deputy Secretary. From 2002 to 2004, he served on the Secretary's Advisory Board (SEAB) chairing the industry-government sub-committee and participated in the drafting of its 2003 report "Critical Choices: Science, Energy and Security"[http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/NEAC/SEAB%202003%20Report.pdf. Since 2002, he has been Chairman of the Nuclear Energy Advisory Committee (NEAC) and was a committee member of a SEAB group to review the Department of Science. Recently, he served in an advisory capacity on the DOE’s Strategic Technology Energy Plan (STEP) aimed to utilize technological gains in energy efficiency to both reduce carbon emissions as well as overall energy consumption. His contribution to the project was to create an energy supply/demand ‘matrix’ approach to detail all sectors of energy use (industrial, commercial, residential etc.) and supplies to meet those demands. A sample matrix can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/DOE%20Projects/STEP%20Matrix%20with%20Supply%20and%20Demand%20Integration.pdf.
Martin has testified more than twenty-five times before the US House of Representatives and US Senate on topics including: United States energy security; the US-Canada Free Trade Agreement; oil and gas tax policy; the future of natural gas; China's nuclear power prospects; US coal exports; electricity deregulation; the US-Japan Nuclear Cooperation Agreement; the priorities of the Department of Energy, the role of International Energy Agency; renewable energy prospects; the Strategic Petroleum Reserve; the Reagan-Gorbachev fusion agreement; and US economic sanctions policy. A full list and links to the individual testimonies can be found here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Congressional%20Testimony/William%20Martin%20Congressional%20Testimony%20Master%20List.pdf].
Republican Presidential Campaigns.
Martin has been part of the campaign of every Republican Presidential candidate since 1988. He has also served as a spokesman/surrogate speaker for the Presidential candidate on matters related to energy and the environment.
1988: First George H.W. Bush Campaign: 
Martin served as policy coordinator for the George H.W. Bush Presidential Campaign producing "Issues 88," a compilation of the policies of the campaign under the direction of Charles R. Black, Jr. and James Cicconi. His efforts were commended by George H.W. Bush in a letter that can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Presidential%20Campaigns/George%20H.W.%20Bush/Letter%20from%20George%20H%20W%20Bush.JPG. 
1992: Second George H.W. Bush Campaign:
Martin served as the Executive Director of the Republican Platform Committee and co-authored the Committee’s volume, "The Vision Shared: Uniting Our Family, Our Country, Our World" [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Presidential%20Campaigns/George%20H.W.%20Bush/The%20Vision%20Shared.pdf]. His responsibilities included managing hearings on topics of the Platform in Kansas City, Salt Lake City and Washington, DC, culminating in the Platform discussions and presentation at the Republican National Convention in Houston. 
1996: Robert Dole Campaign:
Martin compiled an "Issues Book" for the campaign of Robert Dole building on the methodology and presentation of the 1988 Bush Issues Book He was also commended by Dole for his effort in the following letter [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Presidential%20Campaigns/Bob%20Dole/Letter%20to%20WFM%20from%20Senator%20Bob%20Dole.pdf.
2000: George W. Bush Campaign
Martin prepared a national security transition memo at the time of the election of George W. Bush outlining the first year's national security priorities [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Presidential%20Campaigns/George%20W.%20Bush/National%20Security%20Transition%20Memo.pdf].
2008: John McCain Campaign
Martin prepared a national security issues paper and calendar for the campaign of John McCain [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Presidential%20Campaigns/John%20McCain/McCain%202008%20Presidential%20Campaign%20Booklet.pdf].
Diplomatic Endeavors and honors.
World Resources Institute:
Martin joined the board of the World Resources Institute in 1998 and served as WRI’s Chairman of the Development Committee. He was instrumental in conceptualizing the October 2000 "Digital Dividends" conference between leading environmentalists and technology leaders, including Bill Gates, on reducing the digital divide. 
Trilateral Commission:
In 1997, he was the lead author of a Trilateral Commission study, "Maintaining Energy Security in a Global Context" His co-authors were Helga Stegg and the Japanese Ambassador to the United Nations Disarmament Conference, Ryukichi Imai. The report was translated into French, German and Japanese [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Council%20on%20Foreign%20Relations/Maintaining%20Energy%20Security%20%28Japanese%20Version%29.pdf. 
Nuclear Energy Advisory Committee:
Martin is a member of the Department of Energy’s Nuclear Energy Advisory Committee and served as Chairman from 2002 to 2012. Appointed under the Administration of George W. Bush in 2002, Martin oversaw the sixteen person committee responsible for advising the Department of Energy on four key areas: nuclear reactor research & development (including Gen-IV reactors); technology issues related to fuel cycle; infrastructure requirements for DOE national laboratories; and international nuclear issues (including non-proliferation, safety and security). In 2008, NEAC released the report, "Nuclear Energy: Policies and Technology for the 21st Century", [http://www.ne.doe.gov/neac/neacPDFs/NEAC_Final_Report_Web%20Version.pdf to provide a bipartisan approach to nuclear energy and technology road map for advancing safe nuclear energy worldwide. In 2011, Martin and fellow NEAC member Burton Richter (Nobel Prize winner in Physics) teamed up to write "International Issues in Nuclear Power," which will be included in the upcoming Hoover Institution book, "The Nuclear Enterprise." Martin has also chaired the NEAC subcommittee on international nuclear energy, and at the December 2013 full NEAC meeting, presented a report [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/NEAC/NEAC%20International%20Subcommittee%20Recomendations%20List%20for%20NE%20and%20NE6.pdf that recommended strengthening the US nuclear enterprise. 
Council on Foreign Relations:
Martin was elected to the Council on Foreign Relations in 1983 and served as chairman of the Council's Energy Security Group from 1997 to 2006. He is a frequent speaker on energy at the Council including recent speeches on the Fukushima disaster and the subsequent effects and energy implications for US-Japan relations [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Council%20on%20Foreign%20Relations/WFM%20Post-Tohoku%20Earthquake%20Speech%20at%20CFR.pdf as well as presiding over a session with Senator Joseph Lieberman on the future of China's energy situation On the occasion of the 90th anniversary of the Council on Foreign Relations, Mr. Martin presented a paper entitled "Energy: Looking back, Looking Forward 90 Years" [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Council%20on%20Foreign%20Relations/WFM%20Council%20on%20Foreign%20Relations%20Speech%206-8-11%20(2).pdf.
University for Peace: 
In 2004, Martin was appointed by the Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan to the Council of the University for Peace He was then elected President of the Council at its October 2006 meeting. Headquartered in Costa Rica, the United Nations-mandated University for Peace was established in December 1980 as a Treaty Organization by the UN General Assembly. As determined in the Charter of the University, the mission of the University for Peace is "to provide humanity with an international institution of higher education for peace with the aim of promoting among all human beings the spirit of understanding, tolerance and peaceful coexistence, to stimulate cooperation among peoples and to help lessen obstacles and threats to world peace and progress, in keeping with the noble aspirations proclaimed in the Charter of the United Nations". Martin retired after eight years of service on the UPEACE Council and was commended by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon in a letter that can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/UPEACE/Letter%20to%20WFM%20from%20UN%20DG%20Ban%20Ki%20Moon.pdf.
North Korea:
Martin served as the chairman of the United Nations Working Group on the DPRK (North Korea), providing assistance to the Six Party Talks (involving representatives of the governments of China, Russia, Japan, United States, North and South Korea) on economic and energy prospects for the DPRK on behalf of the United Nations. This group issued the 2005 report, "Energy Scenarios for the DPRK" [http://www.upeace.org/pdf/Energy%20Scenarios%20for%20the%20DPRK%202005.pdf]. A companion group on economic issues confronting North Korea was chaired by Nobel Prize winner Joseph Stiglitz.
Prague Security Studies Institute:
In 1998, Martin co-founded the Robinson-Martin Security Scholars Program at the Prague Security Studies Institute [http://www.pssi.cz/ that aims to educate Czech students in national security. In 2004 he co-chaired a conference in Prague on "Energy and Security" with former Czech Deputy Prime Minister Alexandr Vondra focused on developing diversified energy sources for the Czech Republic He is currently a member of the Board of PSSI and Chairman of the PSSI Corporate Council [http://www.pssi.cz/corporate-council-program. For these efforts, he was commended by President Václav Havel for outstanding contributions to the Czech Republic in the following letter [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/PSSI/Letter%20from%20Czech%20President%20Vaclav%20Havel.jpg].
Club of Prague
In 2004, he was co-founder of the Club of Prague an initiative under the auspices of President Václav Havel to seek more environmentally sensitive energy policies composed of distinguished scientists, historians, philosophers, writers and energy systems engineers. A report on a 2006 conference of the Club of Prague can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/PSSI/The%20Club%20of%20Prague%20Conf.%20Report.pdf.
US-Japan relations:
Long interested in , Martin was Chairman of the US-Japan energy working group that produced the 1983 Reagan-Nakasone Joint Statement on Japan-United States Energy Cooperation He was also active in approving and testifying on the US-Japan Nuclear Cooperation Agreement of 1987 and was the lead witness of the Reagan Administration in support of the agreement before the United States Congress in December, 1987. His testimony can be seen here [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive/Japan%20and%20the%20Santa%20Fe%20Seminar/WFM%20Congressional%20Testimony%20on%20US-Japan%20Nuclear%20Cooperation%20Agreement%201987-88.pdf. More recently, Martin has been coordinator of the Santa Fe Energy Seminar that brings senior Japanese and US government and private sector leaders together to discuss the importance of nuclear energy and its impact on the global environment, world economy and non-proliferation Martin has also made several speeches on the accident at Fukushima and its implications for Japan, the US and global energy [http://www.wpainc.com/Archive%5CJapan%20and%20the%20Santa%20Fe%20Seminar%5CWFM%20Post-Fukushima%20Nuclear%20Speeches%5CWilliam%20Martin%20Major%20Post-Fukushima%20Speeches.pdf.
International Atomic Energy Agency:
In 2008, he was appointed by IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei as Project Coordinator for the IAEA’s 20/20 Project, which provided an assessment of the challenges the Agency will face in a report, "Reinforcing the Global Nuclear Order for Peace and Prosperity: The Role of the IAEA to 2020 and Beyond" [http://www.iaea.org/NewsCenter/News/PDF/2020report0508.pdf.
Global Energy Prize:
In 2008, William Martin was elected to the International Award Committee of the Global Energy Prize [http://www.globalenergyprize.org/en/menu/11/text]. This prize, presented by the President of Russia, recognizes outstanding research and innovation in the field of energy. "The Global Energy International Prize is one of the most prestigious international awards granted for outstanding scientific achievements in the field of energy which have proved of benefit to the entire human race".
Ministry of Foreign Affairs Leadership Award (France): 
In 1991, Martin was one of two recipients in the United States honoring American researchers interested in France. The award was granted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of France. The research, conducted in French, was focused on the French nuclear energy program. 
Department of Defense:
In early 2003, Martin was assigned to the Office of the Secretary of Defense with responsibilities to recruit senior US civilian advisers for assignments in Iraq. This involved placing American advisers in twenty six Iraqi agencies and ministries for the purposes of reconstruction, as well as dispatching Czech Chief Justice Vojtech Cepl to Iraq to evaluate property restitution. Based on this experience, Justice Cepl with the assistance of Ambassador Boyden Gray initiated the training of over one hundred and forty Iraqi judges in Prague's CEELI Institute [http://www.ceeliinstitute.org/history-of-the-ceeli-institute.aspx].
Business Activities and Family.
Martin co-founded an international energy consulting firm, Washington Policy & Analysis Inc. with Scott L. Campbell in 1988 [http://www.wpainc.com/default.aspx] at the Washington law firm of Miller & Chevalier. WPA was later bought by the British company Lloyds of London Press which later became part of Informa, UK. "Informa is the leading international provider of specialist information and services for the academic and scientific, professional and commercial business communities". Informa has over 150 offices in more than 34 countries and employs 9,250 staff around the world.
Martin has two sons and was married to Jill Wheaton Martin from 1974 to 2008. In 2013, William Martin married Paule Audebert of Annecy, France. Nicholas Carl Martin (born August 10, 1982) is a graduate of Swarthmore College and the University for Peace and is President of TechChange which was recently spotlighted in The Economist[http://www.economist.com/blogs/feastandfamine/2012/06/technology-and-development. Christopher Flynn Martin (born February 6, 1984) is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania (BA in Psychology) and Kyoto University (Doctorate of Science in Biology) and is currently a researcher at the Primate Research Institute of Kyoto University. [http://www.cicasp.pri.kyoto-u.ac.jp/people/christopher-martin].
Martin is from a pioneering Oklahoma political and oil family. His great-grandfather Dennis T. Flynn was the first US Congressman from the State of Oklahoma and is the first inductee into the Oklahoma hall of fame. His grandfather Olney Flynn was mayor of Tulsa and the Republican nominee for Governor of Oklahoma in 1948. His grandmother was Grayce Kerr whose first husband was Robert S. Kerr, Oklahoma Senator and founder of the oil company, Kerr-McGee. Martin's great uncle was John Chisum, the Texas cattleman portrayed by John Wayne in the movie Chisum. Martin was the 1968 Tulsa, Oklahoma high school tennis champion and tennis pro at the Homestead Resort in Glen Arbor, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20745798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745798" title="85th Test and Evaluation Squadron">
85th Test and Evaluation Squadron

The 85th Test and Evaluation Squadron (85 TES) is part of the 53d Wing at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. It conducts testing and evaluation for the F-15C, F-15E, and F-16CG/CJ airframes. 
Mission.
The 85th Test and Evaluation Squadron is responsible for conducting operational test and evaluation, tactics development, and programs for F-15C, F-15E, and F-16CM aircraft. 
Utilizing specially instrumented aircraft, the 85th tests and evaluates current and future weapons, associated electronic warfare subsystems, the newest air-to ground munitions, air-to-air missiles, electronic warfare systems, and associated subcomponents and avionics. It provides operational fighter expertise to U.S. Air Force Headquarters, DoD agencies, and the aerospace industry in the development of future aircraft and employment techniques and concepts. 
The 85th's core competencies are air-to-air missile employment and tactics, suppression and destruction of enemy air defenses and lethal precision engagement.
History.
World War II.
Activated on 9 February 1942. Moved to Egypt, October–November 1942, and became part of Ninth Air Force.
Trained with P-40 Warhawks's while moving westward in the wake of the British drive across Egypt and Libya to Tunisia. Although many of the unit's pilots flew combat missions with other organizations, the 79th group itself did not begin operations until March 1943. By escorting bombers, attacking enemy shipping, and supporting ground forces, took part in the Allied operations that defeated Axis forces in North Africa, captured Pantelleria, and conquered Sicily.
Assigned to Twelfth Air Force in August 1943 and continued to support British Eighth Army by attacking troop concentrations, gun positions, bridges, roads, and rail lines in southern Italy. Operated in the area of the Anzio beachhead, January–March 1944. Participated in the drive on Rome, March–June 1944, and converted to P-47 Thunderbolts during that time. Flew escort and strafing missions in southern France during August and September 1944, and afterward engaged in interdictory and close support operations in northern Italy. 
Remained overseas as part of United States Air Forces in Europe after the war as part of the occupation force. Transferred, without personnel and equipment, to the US in June 1947. Inactivated on 15 July 1947. 
Air Defense Command.
Reactivated in 1952 as part of Air Defense Command as an air defense squadron, initially equipped with F-51D Mustang fighters, being assigned to Scott AFB, Illinois with a mission for the air defense of St Louis and the western Ohio River Valley. Re-equipped in January 1953 with F-86D Sabre Interceptors. In 1957 began re-equipping with the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE computer-controlled direction system for intercepts. The service of the F-86L destined to be quite brief, since by the time the last F-86L conversion was delivered, the type was already being phased out in favor of supersonic interceptors, inactivated on 1 March 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20745831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745831" title="General Romualdas Giedraitis artillery battalion">
General Romualdas Giedraitis artillery battalion

The General Romualdas Giedraitis Artillery Battalion, equipped with 105mm howitzers, was founded in December 2000, under a joint Lithuanian-Danish project - LITART. The Danish Army provided material and methodical assistance in the founding of the artillery unit.
History.
Implementation of the LITART project involved the following four stages:
Tasks.
Main role of the battalion's is to support infantry. Other units may have mortars, but the artillery battalion uses only heavier weapons.
Artillery may provide support in all types of a battle at any time of a day under any weather conditions. Artillery fire may be move from one shooting area to another and to define the course of the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="20745848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745848" title="2001 Philadelphia Wings season">
2001 Philadelphia Wings season

 
The 2001 Philadelphia Wings season marked the team's fifteenth season of operation. 
Regular Season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Roster.
Reference: [http://www.wingszone.com/whistory/history.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20745874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745874" title="Jan Wyck">
Jan Wyck

Jan Wyck (also Jan Wiyck, or Jan Wick) (29 October 1652 – 17 May 1702) was a Dutch baroque painter, best known for his works on military subjects. There are still over 150 of his works known to be in existence.
In an era when French artists dominated the genre, the arrival of Wyck and other Dutch and Flemish artists in Great Britain from 1660 onwards provided the catalyst for the development of military and naval art in Britain. 
Like other painters from the Low Countries such as Dirk Maas, Peter Tillemans and William van de Velde, Wyck moved to England and worked there throughout his life, often under royal patronage, producing many fine works of battle paintings, portraits, hunting scenes and landscapes as well as advancing the development of British art through teaching.
Early life.
Jan Wyck was born on 29 October 1652, in Haarlem, then part of the Dutch Republic. The son of Thomas Wyck (1616-1677), also a Dutch painter, it is assumed that his father taught him to paint, although little is actually known of his early life. His father had spent much of the 1630s in Rome, refining an Italianate style, which can be seen in the works of both father and son.
It appears likely that at a fairly young age he and his father moved to England during the reign of Charles II of England, possibly in 1664. It also seems likely that they were in London at the time of the Great Fire of London, as his father created one of the last sketches of Old St Paul's Cathedral in its ruined state before it was knocked down to create the new St Paul's Cathedral, as well as night scenes of the fire itself.
The first documented reference to Jan Wyck comes from the sessions of the London court of the Painter-Stainers' Company where, on 17 June 1674, he is recorded as promising to pay both his own and his father's quarterly fees. At this hearing he also promised to soon deliver his 'proofe piece'. However his father had returned to Haarlem within a year, and died less than two and a half years later on 19 August 1677.
Although the details of his first marriage are unknown, Jan Wyck was married for a second time on 22 November 1676 with his certificate stating: 'Jan Wick of St Paul's Covent Garden, gent., widower, about 31 ...'. The reference to him being a widower at the age of 24 indicates he was first married at a young age. His second wife was a 19 year old English woman called Anne Skinner of St Martin-in-the-fields, and she bore him four children between 1678 and 1683, but none of them survived their early childhood.
Following the death of Anne in 1687, he remarried for the third time to a Dutch woman by the name of Elizabeth Holomberg in 1688. They moved into a new home in Mortlake, and between 1689 and 1693 they had two sons (John, b.1689 and William, b.1691) and a daughter (Elizabeth, b. 1693) together. His wife Elizabeth died giving birth to their daughter.
Art career.
As the son of a fairly successful artist, it is likely Wyck was painting and drawing from a young age. By the time William III of England ascended to the throne, Wyck was already enjoying the patronage of the Duke of Monmouth. He painted a portrait of Monmouth on horseback in the 1670s, as well as many depictions of him in battle, such as at the Siege of Maastricht in 1673, and at the Battle of Bothwell Bridge in 1679.
Wyck was placed upon the committee of Acting Painters of the Painter-Stainers' Company on 24 November 1680, which was a recognition of his rising talent.
He first made a public name for himself when he accompanied fellow Dutch painter Dirk Maas to Ireland to paint the campaigns of William III. Maas had received a commission from King William to paint the Battle of the Boyne, and, although it is not known if he was also present at the battle, Wyck also painted many scenes from the battle. Throughout the 1690s, he is known to have created at least half a dozen oils of the battle, as well as countless battle pieces, encampments and equestrian portraits of soldiers before battle.
William was impressed with his work, and commissioned him to paint himself, which he did many times, often in equestrian poses. William had soon also called upon Wyck to depict countless scenes of his campaigns throughout the low countries during the Nine Years' War (also known as King William's War), including the Siege of Namur, and the Siege of Naarden.
Other scenes he painted include the Siege of Derry (1689), and the horse and battle portion of Godfrey Kneller's famous portrait of the Duke of Schomberg, who had been killed at the Battle of the Boyne.
Wyck's works are notable for their flair and colour, as well as the excellent attention to detail. He highlights features such as flourishing sabres, firing muskets, flaring horses nostrils and cannons spouting flames. But most importantly he brought the viewer into the battle at a time when the prevailing trend was to present birds-eye views over a battle, showing disposition and locations of troop formations. He personalised the soldiers, and created an atmospheric presentation of the scenes depicted. He also celebrated notable commanders and recognisable figures within his works, a feature that made him popular with those commissioning works.
Later life.
Jan Wyck began to school young British artists whilst continuing to work on his own projects, and became highly influential in the development of British art in the period, particularly in the genre of battle painting. One of his principal students that went on to produce great works of national importance was John Wootton, who exemplified British equestrian and military art in the early eighteenth century.
Jan Wyck died at his family home in Mortlake, Surrey, on 17 May 1702, aged 49.

</doc>
<doc id="20745880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745880" title="Kangaroo River">
Kangaroo River

Kangaroo River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20745882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745882" title="Downtown Binghamton">
Downtown Binghamton

In the Southern Tier of New York State, nestled on the north bank of the Susquehanna River, just east of its confluence with the Chenango River one finds Downtown Binghamton. It is the business and administrative center of the City of Binghamton, the Greater Binghamton area and Broome County.
Downtown Binghamton can be defined as encompassing the area north of the Susquehanna River, east of the Chenango River, west of Brandywine Avenue (NY-7) and south of the Norfolk Southern tracks.
Downtown is the business and administrative center of the city and region, as such, it is home to the principal state, county and city offices; housing them in Government Plaza on Hawley Street between State and Isbell streets. Important commercial streets include; Chenango, Court, Hawley, State and Washington streets.
BC Junction, Broome County Transit's point of departure for the majority of its fixed routes, is located at on the corner of Henry Street and Prospect Avenue in this neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20745907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745907" title="Albrecht Müller">
Albrecht Müller

Albrecht Müller (born 4 November 1939) is a retired East German sprint canoer and rower. In 1963, he won four bronze medals in the C-1 1000 m and C-1 10000 m canoe events at the European and world championships. Next year he joined the German coxless fours rowing team, winning a European title and finishing sixth at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20745909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745909" title="Debeni">
Debeni

Debeni (in older sources also "V Debenih", ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20745984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745984" title="Lecanorales">
Lecanorales

The Lecanorales are an order of mostly lichen-forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota. The order contains 26 families, 269 genera, and 5695 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20745993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745993" title="Sovereign Award for Outstanding Broodmare">
Sovereign Award for Outstanding Broodmare

The Sovereign Award for Outstanding Broodmare is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing honor created in 1975 by the Jockey Club of Canada. It is part of the Sovereign Awards program and is a lifetime achievement award given annually to a top broodmare in Canada.
Past winners: 

</doc>
<doc id="20746005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746005" title="Forest History Society">
Forest History Society

The Forest History Society is an American non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation of forest and conservation history. The society was established in 1946 and incorporated in 1955. 
The Forest History Society headquarters in Durham, North Carolina, include the Alvin J. Huss Archives and the Carl A. Weyerhaeuser Library, which combine to provide a comprehensive compilation of materials related to the topic of forest history. The archives house large collections from several national organizations such as the Society of American Foresters, the American Forest and Paper Association, the American Forestry Association, and the American Tree Farm System, as well as many other smaller collections of national and international significance. Additionally, the Forest History Society maintains a publication program, publishing the "Environmental History" journal, "Forest History Today" magazine, an Issues Series, and environmental and conservation-focused monographs; an education program, to build understanding and appreciation of human interaction with the natural world; and a liaison function between scholars, policymakers, and landowners. The Society also works to promote and reward academic scholarship in the fields of forest, conservation, and environmental history.
History.
In 1946, a small group of historians and forest industry executives came together to form an organization dedicated to preserving the documentary forest heritage of North America. The "Forest Products History Foundation" was founded, and began as a program of the Minnesota Historical Society. 
Over the following decade, archival source materials were collected, an oral history interview program was created, and a scholarly quarterly journal began publication. In 1955, under second executive director Elwood Rondeau "Woody" Maunder, the Society incorporated as an independent nonprofit organization under the new name "Forest History Foundation." The name was changed to "Forest History Society" four years later in 1959.
The organization left Minnesota in 1964, moving first to the Yale University campus in 1964, and then to the University of California at Santa Cruz in 1969. In 1984 the Society was moved to its current home in Durham, North Carolina, establishing an affiliation with Duke University and the Nicholas School of the Environment.
In 1996, a partnership was formed between the Forest History Society and the American Society for Environmental History. This relationship helped widen the scope of the Society's mission beyond the boundaries of forest and conservation history to include subjects related to the broader field of environmental history.
Publications.
The Forest History Society publishes a magazine, "Forest History Today", and co-publishes the "Environmental History" journal with the American Society for Environmental History. A regular Issues Series is also published by the Society on environmental topics of contemporary interest such as fire, wetlands, and forests. Featured books representing important scholarship in the fields of forest, conservation, and environmental history are also published. The Society provides further financial, editorial, and research assistance to other authors publishing books in the subject area of environmental history.

</doc>
<doc id="20746022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746022" title="Human parasite">
Human parasite

Human parasites include various protozoa and worms which may infect humans, causing parasitic diseases. 
Human parasites are divided into endoparasites, which cause infection inside the body, and ectoparasites, which cause infection superficially within the skin.
The cysts and eggs of endoparasites may be found in feces which aids in the detection of the parasite in the human host while also providing a means for the parasitic species to exit the current host and enter other hosts.- Although there are number of ways in which humans can contract parasitic infections, observing basic hygiene and cleanliness tips can reduce its probability.
History.
Archaeological evidence.
It was assumed that early human ancestors generally had parasites, but until recently there was no evidence to support this claim. Generally, the discovery of parasites in ancient humans relies on the study of feces and other fossilized material. The earliest known parasite in a human was eggs of the lung fluke found in fossilized feces in northern Chile and is estimated to be from around 5900BC. There are also claims of hookworm eggs from around 5000BC in Brazil and large roundworm eggs from around 2330BC in Peru. Tapeworm eggs have also been found present in Egyptian mummies dating from around 2000BC, 1250BC, and 1000BC along with a well preserved and calcified female worm inside of a mummy .
Written Evidence.
The first written records of parasites date from 3000 to 400BC in Egyptian papyrus records. They identify parasites such as roundworms, Guinea worms, threadworms, and some tapeworms of unknown varieties. In ancient Greece, Hippocrates and Aristotle documented several parasites in his collection of works Corpus Hippocraticus. In this book, they documented the presence of worms and other parasites inside of fish, domesticated animals, and humans. The bladder worm is well documented in its presence in pigs along with the larval stages of a tapeworm (Taenia Solium). These tapeworms were mentioned in a play by Aristophanes as "hailstones" with Aristotle in the section about pig diseases in his book History of Animals. The cysts of the Echinococcus granulosus tapeworm were also well known in ancient cultures mainly because of their presence in slaughtered and sacrificed animals . 
The major parasitic disease which has been documented in early records is dracunculiasis. This disease is caused by the Guinea worm and is characterized by the female worm emerging from the leg. This symptom is so specific to the disease that it is mentioned in many texts and plays which predate 1000AD .
Greece and Rome.
In Greece, Hippocrates and Aristotle created considerable medical documentation about parasites in the Corpus Hippocraticus. In this work, they documented the presence of parasitic worms in many animals ranging from fish to domesticated animals and humans. Among the most extensively documented was the Bladder Worm (Taenia solium). This condition was called "measly pork" when present in pigs and was characterized by the presence of the larval stages of the Bladder Worm in muscle tissue. This disease was also mentioned by the playwright Aristophanes when he referred to "hailstones" in one of his plays. This naming convention is also reflected by Aristotle when he refers to "bladders that are like hailstones." 
Another worm which was commonly written about in ancient Greek texts was the tapeworm Echinococccus granulosus. This worm was distinguished by the presence of "massive cysts" in the liver of animals. This condition was documented so well mainly because of its presence in slaughtered and sacrificed animals. It was documented by several different cultures of the time other than the Greeks including the Arabs, Romans, and Babylonians .
Not many parasitic diseases were identified in ancient Greek and Roman texts mainly because the symptoms for parasitic diseases are shared with many other illnesses such as the flu, the common cold, and dysentery. However, several diseases such as Dracunculiasis (Guinea worm disease), Hookworm, Elephantiasis, Schistosomiasis, Malaria, and Amebiasis cause unique and specific symptoms and are well documented because of this. The most documented by far was Guinea worm disease mainly because the grown female worm emerges from the skin which causes considerable irritation and which cannot really be ignored. This particular disease is widely accepted to also be the "fiery serpents" written about in the Old Testament of the Bible. This disease was mentioned by Hippocrates in Greece along with Pliny the Elder, Galen, Aetius of Amida, and Paulus Aegineta of Alexandria in Rome. Strangely, this disease was never present in Greece even though it was documented .
Northern Africa, The Middle East, and Mesopotamia.
The medieval Persian doctor Avicenna records the presence of several parasites in animals and in his patients including Guinea worm, threadworms, tapeworms, and the Ascaris worm. This followed a tradition of Arab medical writings spanning over 1000 years in the area near the Red Sea. However, the Arabs never made the connection between parasites and the diseases they caused .
As with Greek and Roman texts, the Guinea worm is very well documented in Middle Eastern medical texts. Several Assyrian documents in the library of King Ashurbanipal refer to an affliction which has been interpreted as Guinea Worm disease . 
In Egypt, the Ebers Papyrus contains one of the few references to hookworm disease in ancient texts. This disease does not have very specific symptoms and was vaguely mentioned. However vague the reference, it is one of the few that connects the disease to the hookworm parasite . Another documented disease is elephantiasis. Symptoms of this disease are highly visible, since it causes extreme swelling in the limbs, breasts, and genitals. A number of surviving statues indicate that Pharaoh Mentuhotep II is likely to have suffered from elephantiasis. This disease was well known to Arab physicians and Avicenna, who noted specific differences between elephantiasis and leprosy .
That the disease schistosomiasis was extremely common in Ancient Egyptis suggested by mummified evidence, but it is not specifically documented in surviving texts. Other names for this disease include bilharzia, Katayama disease, Red Water fever, snail fever, and big belly. The only really defining symptom is bloody urine, but this can easily be overlooked as several other diseases exhibit the same symptom. However, the main reason it was not documented is probably because it was simply so common. In the same way, the Greeks and Romans did not acknowledge the existence of colds and coughs because of how common they were .
China.
The Chinese mostly documented diseases rather than the parasites associated with them. Chinese texts contain one of the few references to Hookworm disease found in ancient records, but no connection to hookworm is made . The Emperor Huang Ti recorded the earliest mentioning (2700BC) of malaria in his text Nei Ching. He lists chills, headaches, and fevers as the main symptoms and distinguished between the different kinds of fevers.
India.
In India, the Charaka Samhita and Sushruta Samhita document Malaria. These documents list the main symptoms as fever and enlarged spleens. The Bhrigu Samhita from 1000 BCE makes the earliest reference to Amebiasis. The symptoms were given as bloody and mucosal diarrhea.

</doc>
<doc id="20746057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746057" title="Kincardineshire by-election, 1908">
Kincardineshire by-election, 1908

The Kincardineshire by-election, 1908 was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Kincardineshire on 25 April 1908. The seat had become vacant when the sitting Liberal Member of Parliament John Crombie died on 22 March 1908. 
The election saw the picketting of polling stations by suffragettes protesting at the Liberal government's unwillingness to bring in votes for women. 
The Liberal candidate, Arthur Cecil Murray won the seat in a straight fight with his Conservative opponent S J Gammell. 

</doc>
<doc id="20746062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746062" title="1970 Marshall Thundering Herd football team">
1970 Marshall Thundering Herd football team

The 1970 Marshall Thundering Herd football team represented the Marshall University in the 1970 NCAA Division I college football season. 
Regular season.
On November 14, 1970, Southern Airways Flight 932, which was chartered by the school to fly the Thundering Herd football team, coaches, and fans to Kinston, North Carolina for a game against the East Carolina University Pirates and back to Huntington, crashed on approach to Tri-State Airport after clipping trees just west of the runway and impacting nose-first into a hollow. All seventy-five people on board died. It was the worst single air tragedy in NCAA sports history.

</doc>
<doc id="20746083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746083" title="Moser (glass company)">
Moser (glass company)

Moser a.s. is a luxury glass manufacturer based in Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic, previously Karlsbad in Bohemia, Austria-Hungary. The company is known for manufacturing stemware, decorative glassware (such as vases, ashtray, candlestick), glass gifts and various art engravings. Due to the quality, Moser is one of the most collected of 20th century decorative glass and has been used everywhere from palaces to local restaurants. From its beginnings in 1857, as a polishing and engraving workshop, it developed into a lead-free glass manufacturer lasting through the 20th century until the present.
History.
The original company of Ludwig Moser & Söhne, founded in 1857 by Ludwig Moser in Karlovy Vary, was a glass workshop initially polishing and engraving, later designing and making the finest quality colourless and decorated art glass products. Engraving blanks, from Loetz, Meyr's Neffe and Harrachov was performed by the workshop in the early years. At the Vienna International Exhibition of 1873 he was awarded a medal. Ludwig took over a glass factory in Meierhofen bei Karlsbad in 1893 to create a full service glassworks employing 400 people under the name of Karlsbaderglasindustrie Gesellschaft Ludwig Moser & Söhne where his sons Gustav and Rudolf also worked.
In 1904 Moser received a warrant to supply the Imperial Court of the Emperor of Austria and four years later became supplier to Edward VII. In 1915 the company exhibited at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition and was again awarded a medal, which Louis Comfort Tiffany and Charles Tuthill thought well deserved due to the outstanding quality of the hot glass applied decorations on coloured Bohemian glass. Art Nouveau glass pieces were produced Moser with surface decoration with natural themes and simple cameo glass. They also used a the "Eckentiefgravur" technique employing a sharp angular body deeply cut in the form of intaglio flowers.
Following the death of his father in 1916, Leo Moser took over the direction and the company expanded significantly resulting in their recognition by a Grand Prize award of the at the Paris International Exhibition of Decorative Art in 1925. They also exhibited in London, Belgium, Italy and Vienna. The depression of the early 1930s exacted its toll, reducing it staff to 240, eventually Leo resigned from the company in 1932. Later, having sold their shares in the company in 1938. The city of Karlovy Vary was occupied by Nazi Germany in 1938 after the Munich Agreement and the family fled the country during this anti-Semitic period. Because of its international reputation, the company was able to retain some independence during the communist era while the rest of the Czech glass industry was nationalised in 1948.
The Art Nouveau designs of heavily engraved lilies and the "Fipop" series from c1914 were some of the most notable pieces. Several cheaper lower quality derivatives of the "Fipop" designs were produced by other companies and between 1927 and 1933 two American glassmakers made copies calling them "Woodland" and "Deerwood". Moser was one of the few Czechoslovakian glassmakers to sign their pieces.
King of Glass, Glass of Kings.
The slogan "King of Glass, Glass of Kings" is associated with the company because of its famous clientele who, in addition to Edward VII and the Austrian Imperial Court, include such people as, Pope Pius XI and the Turkish sultan Abdul Hamid II.
Present day.
Ludwig Moser developed a lead-free sodium-potassium glass that is more ecologically friendly than lead glass yet is extremely hard; it remains the basis of their products. Moser still produces some of its classic "Fipop" designs. A factory museum shows the 150-year story of the company in more than 2,000 pieces on display supplemented by documentaries and audio guides. Besides having four retail outlets in the Czech Republic, two in Prague and two in the company's hometown Karlovy Vary, Moser has a worldwide network of retailers. Moser's US distribution company was established in Northern Virginia in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20746087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746087" title="Sotiris René Sidiropoulos">
Sotiris René Sidiropoulos

Sotiris René Sidiropoulos (born in 1977 in Paris) is a French painter and sculptor.
Biography.
His father, iconographe, sculptor, Doctor of philosophy and former student of Philopoemen Constantinidi
or Caracosta and Costas Valsamis, inculcates to him the rudiments of the profession of iconographe and sculptor.
Their first family workshop of iconography and sculpture was created in 1848 in Cappadocia.
In his youth, he was the student of the painters Philopoemen Constantinidi and Zoe Valsamis.
He was the student also of the sculptor Costas Valsamis, (alumnus of Ossip Zadkine).
He studied the works of Pablo Picasso which are an inexhaustible source of artistic inspiration.
He studied at the Academie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20746089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746089" title="Mansour Assoumani">
Mansour Assoumani

Mansour Assoumani Gammali (born 30 January 1983) is a French born Malian footballer. A centre-back who can also play at right full-back, he is 6 feet 2 inches tall. His parents originate from the Comoros.
Career.
Assoumani began his career in the French First Division with Montpellier HSC on 18 August 2001. He played 72 matches for the club (43 in D1, 29 in D2) and registered four goals (two in D1 and two in D2). After five seasons he joined the German club 1. FC Saarbrücken and, subsequently, Sportfreunde Siegen. Prior to joining Leeds United, Assoumani spent time on trial at Sheffield United but failed to impress sufficiently to earn a permanent deal.
Leeds United.
On 17 December 2008, Assoumani was handed a one-month contract with League One team Leeds United after a successful trial which also saw him score a goal in a reserve team game against York City. He made his debut three days later in a 3–1 defeat to Milton Keynes Dons. He played the first half at right-back, but due to the substitution of Ľubomír Michalík at half-time, Assoumani played the second half in his more favoured position of centre-back.
Assoumani was unfortunate that Gary McAllister who signed him was sacked after the game after a run of 5 defeats in a row. Assoumani didn't figure at all under new manager Simon Grayson. He was released on 18 January 2009. On 22 January 2009 he was offered a week long trial with Crewe Alexandra however he was released without being offered a contract.
Wrexham.
On 26 March 2009, Assoumani joined Conference National side Wrexham, making his debut on 7 April in a 0–0 draw with Histon.
Stockport County.
Assounami signed for League Two side Stockport County on 2 August 2010. Assoumani scored his first goal for County in their 2–0 win over Macclesfield Town on 4 September 2010.
After making 36 appearances for county, in May 2011 he was informed that he would not be offered a contract by the club for the 2011/12 season.
Assoumani Thistle FC.
In tribute to Mansour, a group of university students set up a football team in honour of his name. Assoumani Thistle F.C compete in the University of Central Lancashire's Student Union League. They finished 9th in their opening season and reached the semi-finals of the knockout cup competition. They will continue to play in the competition under the same name next season

</doc>
<doc id="20746136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746136" title="The Propitious Esculent">
The Propitious Esculent

The Propitious Esculent: The Potato in World History is a book by John Reader outlining the role of the potato (the "esculent" of the title) in world history.
The United Nations proclaimed 2008 the International Year of the Potato. The potato has been present and influential during the major events in the last 500 years. These include the historical moments of discovery and culture change that have led to the present globalized world. Potatoes had a single region of origin; how they moved from place to place has had an impact on the variety of tubers and the people and places that received them. Reader's book aims to contextualize the potato in world history.
Reader presents the information and ideas in "The Propitious Esculent" building on the work of two important scholars: Redcliffe N. Salaman and William H. McNeill. In 1949 Salaman wrote a book, "The History and Social Influence of the Potato". After publishing the very influential "The Rise of the West" (1963) and "Plagues and Peoples" (1976), McNeill published an essay called, “How the Potato Changed the World’s History” in 1999. Reader describes their contributions to the understandings of the development and role of the potato in the modern world. He then combines their publications with newly available information from the world of genetics and late 20th century history for a more complete understanding of the potato as a player on the world stage.
Synopsis.
Reader divides his exploration of the potato into three sections: South America, Europe, The World.
South America.
The first section describes the environments, The Andes Mountains and the altiplano, in which the potato developed. In the past, at least 3,000 years ago, people living in these environments began to take advantage of a naturally occurring plant. Over time human interaction developed a flowering plant with a nutritionally valuable, and good tasting, tuber that then became an important component of the human diet. Reader spends several pages describing the way in which the Spanish set up colonies and an empire in South America to mine mineral resources and exploit available manpower. He lays out the time line of events and shows that it took several decades for the value of the potato to become obvious to any of the Europeans. Interspersed in this discussion, Reader describes current conditions of potato growing through the Andean region.
Europe.
In the second section of the book, Reader traces the potato’s path across the Atlantic Ocean. The many stops on Atlantic islands gave the plant time to adjust to different environments and day lengths. Reader devotes many pages to the process of determining who had the potato first and where they were growing it and for what scale of consumption. This seems like a Western concern rooted in basic competition. However, tracing this particular time line illustrates commodity chains, economic development, culture change (including scientific theory and method), and biological change.
In Europe, the potato was not immediately well received. Reader discusses how it was accused of causing leprosy or other ailments and then how cultural groups’ perception of the potato flipped and it became something entirely healthful. The potato also is at the center of demographic and cultural change and this is most clear in the case of Ireland. Reader’s explanation of what happened during the great Potato Famine of 1845 to 1850 discusses the biosocial and biopolitical processes of the period. "The Propitious Esculent" proposes that the fate of Ireland was not solely the fault of a fungus but the result of a chain of governmental decisions that were set into motion because of the properties of the potato. 
Worldwide.
In the final portion of the book, Reader outlines the worldwide spread of the potato and how people around the globe have set out to study the potato to protect its genetic health. The potato spread successfully in part due to the lessons learned after Irish Potato Famine in which biologists and farmers created methods to prevent fungus induced blight. The second point, protecting genetic health, is especially important since such a large part of the global population is dependent on the potato for a stable diet. Since there has been such a long period of human intervention in the development of the potato, it has genetic properties that have become rare as well as weaknesses in the genetic code that lead to defects in different parts of the plant. Pooling global knowledge and resources, biologists, ecologists, and anthropologists at CIP (International Potato Center) are securing the varieties of the potato. 

</doc>
<doc id="20746144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746144" title="Love Jones-Parry (British Army officer)">
Love Jones-Parry (British Army officer)

Lieutenant General Sir Love Parry Jones-Parry KH (28 November 1781 – 23 January 1853) was a British army officer, politician and later High Sheriff of Anglesey. He was the son of Thomas Jones, and after his father acquired an estate at Madryn Park from his cousin Margaret Parry in 1807 took Parry as an additional surname.
Biography.
In 1796 he was accepted into Westminster School, and he matriculated to Christ Church, Oxford on 8 May 1799 despite having been offered a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge. He became a student at Lincoln's Inn in 1802, was awarded his BA in 1803 and his MA in 1811.
After two years serving as a major with the 90th Regiment of Foot Jones was elected a Member of Parliament for Horsham in 1806. He was re-elected in 1807 but removed on petition, returning to the 90th Regiment of which he became a lieutenant colonel in 1811. He transferred to America as a major with the 103rd Regiment of Foot and served during the War of 1812, including at the Battle of Lundy's Lane with the 1st Militia Brigade as a lieutenant colonel.
He retired in 1815 on half-pay as a lieutenant colonel, and was promoted to colonel in 1825, followed by further promotions to major general and lieutenant general in 1837 and 1846 respectively. He was knighted in 1835 and made a Knight of the Royal Guelphic Order in 1836. In 1840 he was made High Sheriff of Anglesey. He died on 23 January 1853 and was buried on 1 February in Llanbedrog, where his family maintained a crypt. By the time he died he owned all but three farms in the Welsh parish of Ceidio.
Personal life.
He was married twice, first to Sophia Stevenson in 1806 and secondly to Elizabeth Caldecott on 15 December 1826. From these two marriages he had four daughters and several sons, including Mary and Sir Love Jones-Parry, 1st Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="20746157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746157" title="Point Blank Music College">
Point Blank Music College

Point Blank is a music and creative media training school founded by musician and producer Robert Cowan. It offers courses in Electronic Music Production and Sound Engineering, DJing, Music Business, Singing and Songwriting at its premises in Hoxton, North London and online.
History.
Point Blank was founded by CEO Robert Cowan in 1994 as a commercial recording studio in Greenwich, London. Artists such as Sasha (DJ), D-Ream and Allister Whitehead recorded there. Before long, people were asking how to use the equipment while they were recording their tracks. Robert constructed weekend training courses in music production and DJing and the training side of Point Blank was born. 
Joined in 2001 by friend and fellow musician, MD Jules Brookes (Raw Stylus), the company moved to Hoxton where it has expanded and in the process earned a reputation as a leader in the field of music production training and education.
In 2007 the company launched Point Blank Online, an innovative online training school, with a wide range of genre and software oriented courses. Students study in interactive classrooms with tutors providing feedback on their work via DVR (direct video response).
Facilities.
Point Blank’s premises are located at 23-28 Penn Street, Hoxton, London. They consist of a college office and eight studios housing professional equipment and facilities. 
These include: 
Music School Courses.
Point Blank is partnered with Middlesex University and offers a Dip HE in Music Production and Business with the University. Point Blank is fully accredited by the Open College Network (OCN) at levels 2 and 3 and is an Ableton Education Partner,
an Apple Inc. Training Centre, Steinberg Training Centre and Native Instruments Training Centre.
Demographics.
On-site students at Point Blank come from a variety of ages and backgrounds, with a large proportion of the student body being made up of international students. Students at the private college are fee-paying and are generally over 18. Young people engaged through the organisation’s community work range from 14–19 years and receive free training.
Tutors and alumni.
Point Blank’s tutors are experienced figures in the music industry who have been involved in many notable projects with major artists.
Notable former students include the 2006 X Factor winner Leona Lewis, Claude Von Stroke (Dirty Bird), Gareth Wyn (Beyonce), Nicole Moudaber (Carl Cox / Space), BBC Radio 1 DJ Tayo, Armand Van Helden remixer Jahawi, Gemma Cairney (BBC 1Xtra breakfast show), Devin (BBC 1Xtra), and techno DJ/producer Ryan Shaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20746170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746170" title="Thunder Road Marathon">
Thunder Road Marathon

The Thunder Road Marathon is an annual marathon which takes place in Charlotte, North Carolina, every November. It features a NASCAR theme in keeping with the region's close ties to auto racing.
The event was started in 2005 after the demise of the Charlotte Observer Marathon. The race course, a loop which begins and ends in Uptown Charlotte, is certified and is a Boston Marathon qualifier.
In 2010 due to the increasing popularity of marathoning events nationwide, it was announced that entries would be capped at 3500.

</doc>
<doc id="20746175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746175" title="List of songs recorded by George Harrison">
List of songs recorded by George Harrison

A list of songs written, recorded, and/or featuring lead vocals by George Harrison.

</doc>
<doc id="20746197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746197" title="Child beauty pageant">
Child beauty pageant

A child beauty pageant is a beauty contest featuring contestants 3 to 18 years of age. Competition categories may include talent, interview, sportswear, casual wear, swim wear, western wear, theme wear, outfit of choice, decade wear, and evening wear. Depending on the type of pageant system (Glitz/Natural) contestants may be found wearing makeup as well as elaborate hairstyles and custom designed and fitted outfits to present their routines on stage.
History.
Beauty pageants started in 1921 when the owner of an Atlantic City hotel struck upon the idea to help boost tourism. However, the idea had already circulated through ""Most Beautiful Child"" contests held in major cities across the country. The Little Miss America pageant began in the 1960s at Palisades Amusement Park in New Jersey. Originally, it was for teenagers from 13 to 17 years old, but by 1964 there were over 35,000 participants, which prompted an age division. The modern child beauty pageant emerged in the early 1960s, held in Miami, Florida. Since then, the industry has grown to include about 250,000 pageants. It is an increasingly lucrative business, bringing in about twenty billion dollars a year.
The murder of JonBenét Ramsey in late 1996 turned the public spotlight onto child beauty pageants. Critics began to question the ethics of parents who would present their child in such a way. Dan Rather was noted for criticizing CBS for airing Ramsey’s tapes, calling them “kiddie porn.”
In 2001, HBO aired its Emmy-winning "", which garnered much attention. Additionally, TLC has created shows such as "Toddlers & Tiaras" and "King of the Crown", the former dedicated to the world of High Glitz child pageantry and the latter to the world of pageant coaching.
Types.
While most beauty pageants cater strictly to girls, there are a growing number that include boys as well. Often, age divisions for boys run through age 6 with very few going beyond that due to lack of participation and public perception. Age divisions will often have names such as "Baby Miss", "Petite Miss", "Little Miss" and more. Age divisions are generally broken as follows: 0-11 Months, 12-23 Months, 2-3 Years, 4-6 Years, 7-9 Years, 10-12 Years, 13-15 Years, 16-18 Years. For boys, sometimes two age divisions would be merged such as 0-3 Years, 4-6 Years, etc.
Depending on which type of pageant system is entered, contestants will spend about two hours or less in actual competition. Typically, pageants have a guideline of "no more than one and a half minutes on stage" per child for beauty/formalwear and other modeling-based events. Talent usually is limited to two minutes or less with the rare exception allowing two and a half to three minutes.
In Glitz pageants, it is expected that girls will have different "routines" for every segment of competition. Routines are composed of different movements sometimes described as "sassy walk" and "pretty feet" and more. Facial expressions can include liberal amounts of "duckface". This style of modeling is often referred to as "Pro-Am Modeling". Big hair (including fake hair), flawless makeup, spray tans, flippers (fake teeth) and nail extensions are also expected of contestants. Glitz pageants may best be described as "anything goes".
In contrast, natural pageants have fairly strict guidelines regarding clothing, makeup, hair extensions, etc. Programs such as National American Miss forbid any makeup other than non-shiny lipgloss and mascara for girls on stage. Modeling style is often referred to "Miss America-Style". Some pageants have a prescribed set of movements while others allow a little more latitude in how girls will use the stage/runway.
All pageants have slightly different guidelines, rules, criteria for what they judge on, and events. Events may include sportswear, swimwear, evening wear, talent, interview, writing skills, and modeling. Children are critiqued on “individuality, capability, poise, and confidence.” They compete to win a variety of prizes, such as electronics, toys, scholarships and grants, cash, tiaras, sashes, robes, and trophies. Trophies can be taller than the contestants themselves; in the “Our Little Miss” pageant, the World level trophies can be 5 to 6 feet tall. Some pageants do their best to make every child feel like a winner. There is a queen for every age division and there are Ultimate Grand Supreme awards, Mini supreme queens for certain blocks of age divisions (0-5, 6-11, 12-16, 17 and up). There are also side awards and overall side awards.
A rising trend in pageantry is the online, specialty or mail-in pageant. Social media sites like Facebook have many photo contest and pageant pages where contestant's photos are judged by how many "likes" they receive. There is even a website devoted to this type of pageant program. Unlike the live/on-stage counterparts, contestants in an online pageant submit an application and photographs/videos for judging. Judging criteria can range from past pageant achievements, numeric scale ratings and essays. Winners may be awarded virtual prizes such downloadable certificates and being featured on a pageant's website or physical prizes and gifts such as tiaras, sashes, medallions, toys and more. Entry fees typically range from $5–80 depending on the type, level and scope (local/state/national/international). Many are seasonal or theme-based. See here for an example. Others may be a counterpart to a live/on-stage event.
Some pageants are a for-profit business venture while others are run as non-profit organizations. Typically, non-profits have low entry fees and sponsor a charity or other humanitarian organization.
Cost.
The average cost of a pageant depends on a few factors: Glitz or Natural; Local, State or National; distance from home; costuming requirements.
Entry fees can range from free to many hundreds of dollars. Additionally, optional events or side awards may be offered for an upcharge as well. Many pageants offer a "Supreme" title which can include hundreds to thousands of dollars in cash or savings bonds as an added incentive to enter every category. Typically Supreme titles are only available to those who enter a certain number of optional events.
Many pageants are held in hotels and require contestants to stay on-site for at least one day or more due to the pageant schedule. Hotel rooms for pageants generally range from $99–179/night depending on where the hotel is located.
In a glitz pageant, makeup and hair are typically done by a professional makeup artist. Natural pageants do not generally require a professional makeup artist or hair dresser although some girls choose to use them in the older age divisions.
Dresses and themed costumes can cost anywhere from $50 to $8000, depending on the designer, the amount of adornment on the garment and whether the gown was rented, purchased used or purchased new. Many pageant moms pride themselves on making most of their child's pageant wardrobe as a cost-saving measure.
Additionally, some parents hire pageant coaches to teach their child professionally choreographed routines and/or work with them on interview questions/answers. Regardless of pageant style, glitz or natural, it can be beneficial to have an unbiased opinion on interview and clothing choices. It is estimated that the attire and props as they relate to costs of putting a child through a beauty pageant can range from $300 and upward of $5000 depending on the level of competition.
Parents have confessed to spending over $30,000 on pageants for their small children on TLC's show "Toddlers & Tiaras". There have even been cases of families going into debt or losing their homes because of overextending family resources to cover the costs that the pageants required.
To defray the cost of competing, contestants may sell sponsor tickets or advertising pages for ad books in addition to having local businesses, friends and family sponsor them with donations. Sponsor tickets can range in price from $1 to $10 and are entered in raffle drawings for cash prizes.
Criticism.
Parents of children are sometimes criticized for entering their children in pageants. For instance, Shelby Colene Pannell, a sociologist, questions why parents would subject their children to gender socialization because pageants are the perfect setting for the” traditional” type of femininity. These young girls are being exposed to things such as makeup and spray tans at a very young age, making these families a target for criticism.
Families on TLC’s hit television series "Toddlers & Tiaras" are especially criticized for negatively influencing their children that their physical appearance will score them attention and prizes. The show first aired in 2009 and follows the child participants and their parents as they prepare for the upcoming beauty pageant of the weekend. The show is non-narrated to avoid showing opinion and has sparked heavy controversy in the last few years, due to actions including allowing a child to smoke a fake cigarette during the talent portion of the competition, forcing a child to wear fake breasts, a parent who allowed her child to dress like a prostitute in the “outfit of choice” category, feeding a child “pageant crack,” a mixture of sugar and high-calorie sweeteners to provide the necessary energy needed to perform well on the runway, and waxing/threading a child’s facial and body hair to give them a glowing appearance on stage.
Eating Disorders.
Children who compete in pageants are used to being in a public spotlight. It's their job to cooperate and look pretty. In the pageant world, being past a certain weight isn't considered attractive. For this reason, many teens in the pageant world develop eating disorders such as bulimia. They purposely starve themselves in order to stay at the "appropriate" weight in order to win. Many times glam beauty pageants require young girls to wear tightly fitted dresses, so extra stress is put on young girls to stay fit.
Commodification of Children.
Critics of child beauty pageants say the pageants promote children as products. Some describe it as a deal. Parents spend money on clothing, hair, makeup, and accessories in return for a cash prize.
Law.
Besides the laws that regulate child education, pageants are a relatively ungoverned program. Child contestants are not considered "working", so pageants are exempt from federal child labor laws. Pageants also have different rules, so it becomes hard to set a law that will cover every pageant.
Lindsay Lieberman, the author of “Protecting Pageant Princesses: A Call for Statutory Regulation of Child Beauty Pageants” argues that there should be regulations on how child beauty pageants are run because the effects on children can be negative and damaging. In her article, Lieberman touches upon points that concern the lifestyles that children who compete in pageants have going on while competing such as stress and anxiety as well as problems they will have later on in the future such as depression, lowered self-esteem, and battling eating disorders.
Study of 2005.
In a study published in 2005, eleven women who had competed in beauty pageants as children were compared to a control group of eleven women who had not competed. They were compared in different areas, such as BMI, age and overall body satisfaction. In general, this limited study found that those who competed in beauty pageants as children were more dissatisfied with their bodies, and had greater impulse dysregulation and trust issues than those who did not participate, but showed no significant differences in measures of bulimia, body perception, depression, or self-esteem. The authors acknowledged their small sample size reduced the conclusiveness of their study.
Sexualization.
While the nature of child pageants is not inherently sexual, certain types of pageants create an atmosphere in which wearing heavy makeup to emphasize full lips, long eyelashes, and flushed cheeks, high heels to emulate adult women, provocative dance steps, flirtatious poses or facial expressions, and revealing "evening gowns" is not only preferred but expected if a child is to take home the ultimate prize.
"When you have them looking older, for a lot of people that means looking sexier. I don't think it's a great idea for girls at that age to be focused so much on their sexuality," Syd Brown, a child and adolescent psychologist practicing in Maryland told ABC News. "If you're telling a 6-year-old to act like a 16-year-old, you're telling her to be seductive and to be sexy."
Defense.
Regardless of the criticism, parents still defend their reasons for letting their young children participate in these pageants. Hillary Levy, an undergraduate researcher at Harvard University, found that many parents felt that their children, even males, were able to gain poise and confidence in front of a group. Even parents of children with birth defects felt as though it was not a negative experience but instead a way for their children to interact with others and not feel as if they were different.
There are indeed many parents who believe that beauty pageants teach their children to always perform their very best and boost their self-esteem. One mother of a two-year-old participant on "Toddlers & Tiaras" claimed “‘It’s just building that confidence early so she doesn’t have to hide away and she can achieve things she wants to achieve without being shy." She acknowledges that gaining this self-confidence at a young age will benefit her child in the long run by helping her open up to people more easily and rid her of her shyness. "I was always involved in the baseball, the football, the basketball, the dance and now my kids are grown," said parent Joy Clark. "To me this is the same thing, it's a sport we travel to. We teach her, she practices, and you win prizes. It's just the same. It's just a sport." These parents believe that a pageant should not be viewed as anything other than another extra-curricular activity because it teaches children basic life values such as self-confidence, sportsmanship, determination, and leadership that any other sport or activity outside of school would do, and what matters is if a child is raised in a healthy environment surrounded by good people and good morals.

</doc>
<doc id="20746217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746217" title="Suprema Inc.">
Suprema Inc.

Suprema is a biometrics research, development and manufacturing company. It provides fingerprint IP readers for physical access control systems, USB readers for PC authentication and core fingerprint modules for embedded applications.

</doc>
<doc id="20746264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746264" title="Anatoly Martinov">
Anatoly Martinov

Anatoly Martinov is a Soviet flatwater canoer who competed in the late 1960s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1966 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in East Berlin, East Germany (now Berlin, Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="20746269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746269" title="Air defence battalion (Lithuania)">
Air defence battalion (Lithuania)

While developing and strengthening air defence capabilities of the Lithuanian Air Force (LTAF), focus was also paid on organisation of air defence by establishing an Air defence battalion.
History.
In 1998, efforts to develop and strengthen the LTAF defence capabilities began under supervision of Col Česlovas Braziulis. That same year, Swedish Defence officials offered to donate weaponry, technical documentation and training programmes to for a battalion. At this time, the idea of establishing the battalion started to become a reality. 
From 1999 to 2000 a group of LTAF troops took studies in military training institutions units in Sweden, where they received theoretical knowledge and practical experience working with battalion weaponry. 
In July 2000, the LTAF established the Air Defence Battalion. Lieutenant Colonel Remigijus Daujotis was appointed as Commander of the Battalion. 
In September 2000, the Battalion received the first consignment of combat equipment from Sweden. Another shipment of combat equipment and ammunition arrived at the end of 2000. According to the bilateral agreement with Sweden, Swedish advisers who help Lithuanians adapt to the battalion’s equipment presently work in the Air Defence Battalion.
Tasks.
The Air Defence Battalion’s primary missions include:
Development of infrastructure is one key missions of the Air Defence Battalion currently in the stage of development.

</doc>
<doc id="20746271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746271" title="Rachel Kneebone">
Rachel Kneebone

Rachel Kneebone (born 1973) is an English artist, who lives and works in London.
Life and work.
Rachel Kneebone was born in Oxfordshire. She graduated in 1997 with a First Class BA (Hons) degree from U.W.E, Bristol. In 2004, Kneebone graduated with an MA in sculpture from the Royal College of Art, London.
In 2005, she was nominated for the MaxMara Art Prize for Women alongside Anne Hardy, Anj Smith, Margaret Salmon and Donna Huddleston. In the same year, Kneebone contributed work to a show "The Way We Work" at the Camden Arts Centre, London.
In 2005, Kneebone was commissioned to do a wall sculpture by Mario Testino for the Diana, Princess of Wales exhibition at Kensington Palace.
In July – August 2006, Kneebone had her first solo exhibition in London at Madder Rose gallery, which included a number of sculptures such as "Loves all-worshipped tomb, where all love's pilgrims come" (2005). All the works in this show sold out on the opening night. Reviewer Katarina Horrox commented that Kneebone's "carefully crafted sculptures witness various organic forms merging ambiguously into human body-parts as they climb elegantly up walls. Suggestive yet sensitive, her creations harp back to Ovid's Metamorphoses, whilst their fixed immobility implies a transgression of time and motion."
In 2007, "The Evening Standard" highlighted Kneebone as one to watch thanks to her "beautiful and sexy hand-moulded porcelain sculptures". In September 2007, Kneebone's work was included in the opening group exhibition "An Archaeology" at Project Space 176 in London's Chalk Farm area.
In 2008, Kneebone began to be represented by Jay Jopling and the White Cube gallery in London. Kneebone's first solo show with White Cube "The Descent" was in February 2009.
In 2008, Tracey Emin selected a work by Kneebone to include in her room at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition. Emin said: "Her work is exciting for me – porcelain figurines, vulnerable and with an eighteenth-century look. I like Georgian things – my house was built in 1729, and I like simplicity and straight lines."
She is known for finely sculpted white porcelain works of various organic forms merging ambiguously into human body-parts. Her work has been described as depicting an "erotic state of flux" and "celebrating forms of transgression, beauty and seduction."
Her work is said to be influenced by ancient Greek and Roman myths in Ovid's poem Metamorphoses and the "seductive, mythological paintings" of 18th-century artist François Boucher.
In January 2009, Kneebone spoke to the "Tate Etc." magazine about William Blake's work "The Primaeval Giants Sunk in the Soil" (1824–1827), from Illustrations to Dante's "Divine Comedy", 8th circle of Hell.
A 2012 exhibition of Kneebone's work at the Brooklyn Museum entitled "Rachel Kneebone: Regarding Rodin" showcased 8 of her original works next to 15 works from Auguste Rodin that Kneebone had personally selected. The pairing brought to light themes of "sexuality, death, and sin."

</doc>
<doc id="20746272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746272" title="The Title">
The Title

The Title are a four-piece indie band based in Stoke-on-Trent, signed with Sons Ltd. Their debut single, "Slippin' 'n' Slidin", charted at No. 15 in the UK indie charts with the follow-up, "Madman" charting at No. 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20746339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746339" title="Samuel ben Samson">
Samuel ben Samson

Samuel ben Samson (also Samuel ben Shimshon) was a rabbi who lived in France and made a pilgrimage to Palestine in 1210, visiting a number of villages and cities there, including Jerusalem. Rabbi Jonathan ha Cohen, said to be "the most influential and wealthy French Jew of his time," was ben Samson's travelling companion, and it is likely that ben Samson served as his secretary. Two other rabbis were travelling with ben Samson and ha Cohen and the four travelled as far east as Mosul. According to George Sarton, some 300 English and French Jews who were inspired by ben Samson's account went to Palestine to settle there in 1211. 
The first mention of Safad in Jewish history comes from ben Samson's 13th century writings, where he mentions the existence of a Jewish community of at least fifty members there.

</doc>
<doc id="20746383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746383" title="Wong Kew-Lit">
Wong Kew-Lit

Wong Kew-Lit (黄巧力) is a Malaysian Chinese film director and producer.
Biography.
Wong Kew-Lit, born June 1971, is a prolific Malaysian born director/producer. From his decade long TV programmes making experience since the 1990s, he has ventured into various genres ranging from documentary, drama to short film.
In 2002, his documentary programme on the life of Sumatran Rhinoceros was nominated best documentary of the 9th Shanghai International Film Festival.
From 2002 to 2005, he was involved in a 251 episode Cantonese drama “Homecoming” as the chief writer cum director. He is also the theme song composer and lyricist!
In 2005, he was selected as one of five directors from various Asian countries to produce and direct a documentary for internationally acclaimed TV station Phoenix Satellite TV of China (Phoenix Television), in commemoration of its 10th anniversary. In 2006, he was involved in 2 drama series “Rhythm of Vibration” & “Sea Providence” both joint-venture projects by CCTV China-Malaysia as executive producer.
In Oct 2006, he established Yellow Pictures Sdn Bhd and produced a series of highly acclaimed programme including “My Roots” documentary series (awarded Best Documentary Director in the 6th Malaysian Oskar Award), “My Malaysia” documentary series, “Dynamic Malaysia” Public Information Short Film series, “Living in Malaysia” documentary series, "My New Village Stories" and "Malaysia My Home - Story of Sabah & Sarawak" (awarded Best TV Documentary in Anugerah Seri Angkasa 2010).
He just completed a film entitled 'The New Village', telling the stories about resettlement of villages in between 1948-1960 during the Malayan Emergency, when the Colonial British fought against the local Communist Guerrilla.

</doc>
<doc id="20746384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746384" title="Vietnam national under-23 football team">
Vietnam national under-23 football team

The Vietnam national under-23 football team is the under-23 football team representing Vietnam at the Olympic Games, Asian Games, AFC U-22 Asian Cup and Southeast Asian Games. It is controlled by the Vietnam Football Federation. They participated in the Asian Games three times and the last round of 2008 Summer Olympics qualifiers.
Competitive records.
Olympic Games records.
"(Under-23 Team Since 1992)"
Asian Games records.
"(Under-23 Team Since 2002)"
SEA Games records.
"(Under-23 Team Since 2001)"
Schedules and results.
"All times are "
Players.
Current squad.
"2013 SEA Games"

</doc>
<doc id="20746390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746390" title="Lords of Darkness">
Lords of Darkness

Lords of Darkness is the name of two accessories for the fictional "Forgotten Realms" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st edition.
"Lords of Darkness" is a collection of ten mini-scenarios set in the Forgotten Realms, all featuring undead monsters such as skeletons, ghouls, wights, shadows, mummies, vampires, and ghosts; the book also includes suggestions on how to role-play undead and a section called "A Mundane Guide to Wards vs. Undead, Spirits, and Other Entities". The anthology includes adventures and background information dealing with most of the undead monsters commonly encountered in the "AD&D" game, and although sold as a Forgotten Realms accessory, it is usable with any "AD&D" campaign.
The book's purpose is to provide short adventures involving undead that can be easily inserted into a campaign. Each of the featured undead has background information provided in the form of either a short piece of fiction describing the undead in action or delivered as a monologue by a knowledgeable non-player character (NPC). New game rules in the book contain additional information and clarify existing game mechanics. The book begins by discussing ways in which undead creatures' energy-draining attacks can be made less devastating to a player character (PC) by using alternatives to the usual level-draining effect. The adventures in "Lords of Darkness" are designed to be easily dropped into an ongoing campaign, and are mainly dungeon crawls of one form or another. The book introduces the optional rules on Horror Checks, which are made when characters realize just how horrible a monster really is; long-term effects can result from failed checks. Another section discusses the effects that items and substances such as cold iron, garlic, salt, and mirrors have against undead. Also included are new spells for magic-users who choose to specialize in the necromantic arts.
The book features a two-page introduction by Ed Greenwood. It explains that, while the book is set in the Forgotten Realms setting, it can be used in different fantasy campaign settings. The introduction gives details on undead in the Forgotten Realms, advice for a Dungeon Master (DM) to use undead in a campaign, alternatives to some of the more deadly powers of the undead, and information on non-evil types of undead.
"Tales From Beyond the Grave" (pages 4–75) presents ten complete adventure scenarios, each one highlighting a "classic" undead type, with the challenges increasing from one scenario to the next. Creature notes accompany each adventure. The scenarios are from five to nine pages each, and include the following: "Skeletons", by Deborah Christian; "Zombies", by Michael Stackpole; "Ghouls and Ghasts", by Paul Jaquays; "The Tombs of Deckon Thar", by Steve Perrin; "Shadows", by Christian; "Mummies", by Jaquays; "Vampires", by Vince Garcia and Jean Rabe; "Ghosts", by Garcia; "Oriental Spectres", by Christian; and "The Dread Lair of Alokkair", by Greenwood.
"The Night Gallery" (pages 75–84) details the main character or creature of each adventure and can be used to plan a series of encounters. "A Mundane Guide to Wards", by Greenwood (pages 85–91), explores the magic and lore of dealing with undead. "The Lords of Darkness", by Greenwood (pages 92–96), presents new spells for necromancers.
Cover art for "Lords of Darkness" was done by Jeff Easley and interior art by Karl Waller, and the book was published by TSR in 1988 as a ninety-six page book. Editing was by Scott Martin Bowles, and cartography by Dave LaForce. This supplement was perfect bound, and released for the first edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" with product code TSR 9240.
Dungeons & Dragons 3rd edition.
The second "Lords of Darkness" was released for the third edition of "Dungeons & Dragons". The book was published in 2001, and was written by Jason Carl and Sean K. Reynolds. Cover art was by Mark Zug, with interior art by Adam Rex, Anthony Francisco, Matt Cavotta, Carl Critchlow, Michael Dubisch, Mike Dutton, Raven Mimura, Puddnhead, Stephanie Pui-Mun Law, Richard Sardinha, and Kalman Andrasofszky.
The 192 page accessory details twenty-eight villainous groups, contains maps of evil strongholds, and includes new spells, feats, and magic items. The book presents five prestige classes: including Darkmask; Entropist; Spur Lord; Thayan Knight; and Zhentarim Skymage. Monsters such as the Daemonfey appear in this book.
Reception.
The original "Lords of Darkness" was a Gamer's Choice award-winner.
Jim Bambra reviewed "Lords of Darkness" for "Dragon" magazine No. 151 (November 1989). Bambra felt that the style of presentation for the fictional pieces describing the undead in action "is far superior to the dry style adopted by many supplement writers". He noted that four of the adventures lack maps, reducing their usefulness as plug-in scenarios, and that two adventures "are set in castles that cry out for at least schematic diagrams to show their layouts". Bambra felt that the quality of the adventures also varies greatly, and that while most are "fairly good", he continued " few are so thin and underdeveloped that I wondered why they were included". He contended that the adventure dealing with zombies is "the worst of the lot", partly because the characters would be facing "opponents who are likely to stomp them into the ground", but called the mummies' tomb and the lich's lair "fine examples of the dungeon designer's art". He called the optional Horror Check rules "a laudable attempt to instill fear of the undead but not sufficiently developed to be effective", because "the system isn't integrated into the "AD&D" rules in a satisfactory manner, as characters will deteriorate to the stage where they are unable to function effectively—a situation contrary to the spirit of the game and more in keeping with the grim tone of Chaosium's "Call of Cthulhu" game". Bambra said the accessory "expands greatly on the background of undead in the "AD&D" game and provides a source of short adventure settings." He also said it was a good resource in terms of "new necromantic spells" and "information on the ecologies of the undead", but concluded: "its lack of maps and the underdevelopment of some of its adventures make it a merely useful rather than essential item."

</doc>
<doc id="20746397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746397" title="Vámosszabadi">
Vámosszabadi

Vámosszabadi is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20746405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746405" title="Kajū-ji">
Kajū-ji

, also sometimes spelled "Kwajū-ji" or "Kanshu-ji, is a Shingon Buddhist temple in Yamashina-ku, Kyoto, Japan.
History.
A temple has existed on this site from as early as 900 AD. Kajū-ji, known familiarly as "Kikki-san," was founded by Emperor Daigo. This site is said to have been chosen because the mother of the emperor had lived a significant part of her life in this place; and after her death, the temple was established in her memory.
The temple was destroyed in 1470 during the Onin War and then later restored by the Tokugawa family and the Imperial Household. Successive head priests have been drawn directly from the Imperial family. Mito Mitsukuni (popularly known as Mito Komon) is said to have donated the stone lantern in front of the "Shoin".
Monzeki.
Japanese Buddhist priests of aristocratic or imperial lineage were more particularly identified as . The term was also applied to the temples and monastic communities in which they were joined; and Kajū-ji was a "monzeki" temple. Beginning in 942, imperial princes lived as monks at Kajū-ji.
The eldest son of head of the Fushimi-no-miya branches of the imperial family was adopted at age two in 1818 by former-Emperor Kōkaku. Akira-shinnō entered the priesthood under the title "Siahn Hoshinnō" and later became prince-abbot of Kajū-ji.
In 1842, he angered the Tokugawa bakufu, which stripped him of his post and confined him to the temple of To-ji. In 1858, Emperor Komei adopted Akira and granted him the title Yamashina-no-miya. In 1864, the bakufu reinstated him.
Garden and pond.
Kajū-ji is renowned for its gardens and its water-lily pond. The garden would originally have been used for boating and poem-writing parties, but today one can still stroll through the site.
The large pond here, also known as "hamuro-no-ike" is the main feature of this garden. This water-garden is known for its lotus, water lilies and irises. The temple pond was probably at one time the main element of a much larger pond and hill garden on the estate of Miyamichi Iemasu, a member of the Heian aristocracy and connected through marriage to the powerful Fujiwara family.
One famous old plum tree transplanted from the Imperial Palace in Edo Period can be viewed year round, but it is said to be best in February.
Art.
A tapestry image of the preaching Shaka-Nyorai (an alternate name for the founder of Buddhism) has been passed down within the temple over the centuries. This artwork is a National Treasure which is currently held in the collection of Nara National Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20746414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746414" title="1991–92 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1991–92 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1991–92 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 65th season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Four, then the fourth tier of English football, finishing ninth.

</doc>
<doc id="20746434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746434" title="Reversing valve">
Reversing valve

Operation.
The reversing valve has two states, relaxed and energized. The energized state is typically achieved by applying 24 volts of alternating current, which is commonly used in HVAC
. The heat pump can be designed by the manufacturer to produce cooling or heating with the reversing valve in the relaxed state. When the reversing valve is energized, it will produce the opposite conditioning. In other words, a reversing valve installed in such a way as to produce cooling when relaxed will produce heating when energized. Likewise, a reversing valve installed to produce heating when relaxed will produce cooling when energized.
Control.
Depending on the construction and use of the heat pump, the reversing valve may be driven by the heat pump through the use of a defrost control board, or it may be driven directly by a thermostat (typically from the "O" terminal).
Replacement.
Reversing valves are built into the heat pump by the manufacturer, and must be replaced by an HVAC technician if they fail.
See also.
Reversing Valve Uses
HVAC Information
Other HVAC Components

</doc>
<doc id="20746459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746459" title="Carla Molema">
Carla Molema

Carla Molema (born 30 November 1988 in Groningen) is a Dutch female darts player.
Career.
In 2007, Molema became the youngest player at the Women's World Darts Championship, aged 18. She lost in the quarter finals to Trina Gulliver. She had previously reached the semi finals of the 2006 Women'ss World Masters, beating Anastasia Dobromyslova in the quarter finals before losing to Karin Krappen. Molema also played in a PDC ranked event, the Thialf Darts Trophy, beating Hermie van Orsouw in the first round before losing to John Lokken. 
Molema originally missed out on qualifying for the 2009 Women's World Championship, but after Anastasia Dobromyslova's withdrawal and defection to the PDC, Molema was invited to the event as the highest ranked non-qualifier. She was drawn against Francis Hoenselaar in the quarter final and lost 2-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20746464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746464" title="Sawtelle Veterans Home">
Sawtelle Veterans Home

The Sawtelle Veterans Home was a care home for disabled American veterans in what is today part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area (see Sawtelle, Los Angeles) in California in the United States. The Home, formally the Pacific Branch of the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, was established in 1887 on of Rancho San Vicente y Santa Monica lands donated by Senator John P. Jones and Arcadia B. de Baker. The following year, the site grew by an additional ; in 1890, more were appended for use as a veterans' cemetery. With more than 1,000 veterans in residence, a new hospital was erected in 1900. This hospital was replaced in 1927 by the Wadsworth Hospital.
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
In 1865, Congress passed legislation to incorporate the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers and Sailors of the Civil War. Volunteers were not eligible for care in the existing regular army and navy home facilities. This legislation, one of the last Acts signed by President Lincoln, marked the entrance of the United States into the direct provision of care for the temporary versus career military. The Asylum was renamed the National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers (NHDVS) in 1873. It was also known colloquially as the Old Soldiers Home. Between 1867 and 1929, the Home expanded to ten branches and one sanatorium.
The Board of Managers were empowered to establish the Home at such locations as they deemed appropriate and to establish those programs that they determined necessary. The Home was a unique creation of the Congress. While the Managers included, ex-officio, the President of the United States, the Secretary of War and the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, it was not a part of the Executive branch of government. Its budget requests in later years were submitted in conjunction with the War Department. But throughout its existence, until 1930, the Board of Managers consistently defended its independence of the Executive Branch.
In 1900 admission was extended to all honorably discharged officers, soldiers and sailors who served in regular or volunteer forces of the United States in any war in which the country had been engaged and who were disabled, who had no adequate means of support and were incapable of earning a living. As formal declarations of war were not the rule in the Indian Wars, Congress specifically extended eligibility for the Home to those who "served against hostile Indians" in 1908. Veterans who served in the Philippines, China and Alaska were covered in 1909.
Pacific Branch.
Due increased demand as a result of widening of admission standards, in 1887 Congress approved the establishment of a Pacific Branch of the Home. The Pacific Branch was established under an act of Congress approved March 2, 1887, entitled "An act to provide for the location and erection of a Branch Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers west of the Rocky Mountains."
Land donation.
The proposed establishment prompted intense competition, as local promoters recognized the value of a prominent, prestigious institution. The selected site for the Pacific Branch on land near Santa Monica was influenced by donations of land () and cash ($100,000) and water (120,000 gallons per day) from Senator John P. Jones and Robert S. Baker, and his wife Arcadia Bandini de Stearns Baker. Jones and Baker were involved in the development of Santa Monica and believed the Pacific Branch would contribute to the growth of the community and the area. The Wolfskill ranch owners east of Sepulveda Boulevard, donated a tract of .
Development.
The Pacific Branch opened in 1888 on of land. Prominent architect Stanford White is credited with designing the original shingle style frame barracks. J. Lee Burton designed a streetcar depot and the shingle style chapel in 1900. The Barry Hospital was built in sections from 1891 to 1909. Plantings of pines, palm trees, and eucalyptus groves transformed the site from its treeless state.
Administration.
Although the Board of Managers established regulations for the operation of the NHDVS system and oversaw those operations, many decisions were made at the local level by local managers (who were members of the Board of Managers)
or branch governors (chief administrative officers).
The Branch twice became the object of local controversy, fueled by newspaper coverage. In 1889, the Board of Managers conducted an investigation of the Pacific Branch after a number of charges, including poor treatment of members, bad food, and corrupt management, were leveled. The Board found little cause for concern, as their only action was to remind the governor of the Branch of his responsibilities.
In 1912, the US Senate, prompted by newspaper reports, investigated the operations of Pacific Branch but found little basis for the charges.
Other notable people.
Other notable people associated with the Pacific Branch include:
Sawtelle.
The Pacific Branch served as an attraction for both tourists and local real estate speculators. In 1904, the Pacific Branch became a stop on the “Balloon Route” - a popular tour of local attractions conducted by an entrepreneur who escorted tourists via a rented streetcar. In 1905, residential lots and larger tracts in the new Westgate Subdivision, which joined “the beautiful Soldier’s Home”, and which was owned and promoted by Jones and Baker’s Santa Monica Land and Water Company, were for sale. The new community of Sawtelle developed around the Pacific Branch when veterans’ families, as well as veterans themselves who were drawing relief, settled there.
Wadsworth Hospital.
Following World War I, a new governmental agency, the Veterans Bureau, was created to provide for the hospitalization and rehabilitation of this much younger group of veterans. The development of medical facilities for veterans during the 1920s fueled a burst of construction during that decade, including Colonial Revival staff residences. The James W. Wadsworth Hospital opened in 1927, replacing the Barry Hospital.
Veterans Administration.
The National Home and the Veterans Bureau, were combined into the United States Veterans Administration by President Hoover in 1930. Planning began for a major building campaign, including Mission/Spanish Colonial style hospital buildings and a group of Romanesque-inspired research buildings. The present Wadsworth hospital was constructed in the late 1930s. A new theater replaced the former Ward Theater in 1940. Most of the 1890s era buildings were demolished in the 1960s. The Veterans Affairs (VA) hospital building (VA Wadsworth Medical Center) was opened in 1977.
The VA Greater Los Angeles Health Care System is a tertiary care facility that provides a broad range of health care services to veterans. The largest of the VA's health care campuses, it is a part of the VA Desert Pacific Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20746468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746468" title="Pronominal adverb">
Pronominal adverb

A pronominal adverb is a type of adverb occurring in a number of Germanic languages, formed in replacement of a preposition and a pronoun by turning the latter into a locative adverb and the former into a prepositional adverb and joining them in reverse order.
For example:
Usage in English.
In English, pronominal adverbs are most commonly encountered in literary registers or in legal usage. They are used frequently by lawyers and drafters of legal documents primarily as a way of avoiding the repetition of names of things in the document (or sometimes as a self-reference to the document itself). For this reason, pronominal adverbs are often seen as a type of legal jargon.
Usage in Dutch.
In Dutch, pronominal adverbs are very common and are almost mandatory in many situations; neglecting to use them often makes a phrase sound unnatural to native speakers. Dutch maintains a three-way distinction of reference in its demonstrative pronouns, with pronouns for things close by and far away, and a third pronoun that is unspecific for distance. This distinction is faithfully reflected in the use of pronominal adverbs, and other pronouns also often have a corresponding adverbial form.

</doc>
<doc id="20746477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746477" title="Walter Mattern">
Walter Mattern

Walter Paul Mattern (7 January 1913 — 7 October 1974) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Mattern was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 20 October 1944, while he was the commander of the 7th Company, 3rd SS Panzer Regiment, 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf" 

</doc>
<doc id="20746498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746498" title="1950–51 New York Rangers season">
1950–51 New York Rangers season

The 1950–51 New York Rangers season was the 25th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers finished with a 20–29–21 record in the regular season. They ended the season in fifth place with 61 points, and did not make the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1951 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20746511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746511" title="Metropolitan Hotel">
Metropolitan Hotel

The name Metropolitan Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20746529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746529" title="Jim Strong (American football coach)">
Jim Strong (American football coach)

Jim Strong (born November 16, 1954) is a former college football coach. He is best known for being the head coach of the UNLV Rebels, as well as serving as an assistant coach and offensive coordinator for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
Strong joined head coach Lou Holtz' staff at Arkansas in 1983, and followed him to Minnesota and eventually Notre Dame. At Notre Dame, Strong had a successful tenure as offensive coordinator and offensive back-field coach, including the 1988 national championship season. In December 1989, Strong was named the head coach of the football program at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. In making the hire, the UNLV Athletic Director asserted Strong's background in recruiting, his energy, and the success of Notre Dame. His initial contract was for five-years at a salary of $95,000 a year. 
Strong arrived at a UNLV program that had fallen under the shadow of the highly successful men's basketball program under Jerry Tarkanian; in his first meeting with the university Faculty Senate, he noted "They don't know us because we are a premier academic institution. We will be someday. But they know us because we've got a basketball team that won the national championship." 
After leaving UNLV, Strong changed careers and became a real estate agent and Realtor in Branson, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20746536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746536" title="Metropolitan Hotel (New York City)">
Metropolitan Hotel (New York City)

The Metropolitan Hotel in New York City was a Manhattan hotel opened September 1, 1852 and demolished in 1895. It was built at a time of a "hotel boom"in response to the opening of the New York Crystal Palace exhibition of 1853.
It occupied a three-hundred-foot brownstone-faced frontage of four floors above fashionable shopfronts occupying a full city block on Broadway and two hundred feet on Prince Street. The site, formerly that of Niblo's Garden, 
was owned by Stephen Van Rensselaer, and the architects were Joseph Trench and John Butler Snook, who designed the hotel in the "grand commercialized style reminiscent of Roman palazzos," with many of its furnishings imported from Europe, including the largest plate-glass mirrors in the United States: the interior decorations and furnishings were claimed in 1866 to have cost $200,000. It could shelter six hundred guests, in steam-heated rooms and in "family apartments" with private drawing rooms. 
The Metropolitan, operated on the "American plan" that included three meals a day, was managed by the Leland brothers, organizers of the first American hotel chain. Unlike many New York hotels, the Metropolitan allowed the slaves of its Southern patrons to stay on the premises. Mary Todd Lincoln and her black seamstress, Elizabeth Keckley stayed at the Metropolitan on various occasions. In 1860, a delegation of Japanese arrived in New York to learn about technological advances and to visit the City. The Lelands hosted them and sought to provide privacy for the unusually attired foreign guests who were hounded by the curious press and public.The Civil War presented the City with an economic downturn, and the Metropolitan 's lavish proprietors suffered great economic losses. After 1871, the hotel was for a time managed by Richard Tweed, son of the infamous William M. Tweed ("Boss Tweed"), who became the hotel's proprietor.
The Metropolitan Hotel closed and was demolished in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="20746558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746558" title="Musikhjälpen">
Musikhjälpen

Musikhjälpen ("Music Aid" or "Music Help") is the Swedish version of the Serious Request that broadcasts on Dutch radio/television. The show is an appeal for money which each year helps a certain cause. A number of radio or television personalities are locked inside a glass house and they run broadcasts from there broadcast live on major radio stations. Part of the activities are also broadcast on television through SVT. People send text messages requesting a song, with each text costing 50 Swedish kronor (€ 5.60; US$7.70, as of December 2013).
"Musikhjälpen" 2008.
2008 was the first year that Sweden participated with SVT Sveriges Radio and Radiohjälpen as main organizers. Each year since the show has been held and broadcast as Musikhjälpen.
The glass house this year stood at Gustaf Adolfs torg in Malmö during 13–19 December. During this time the show was broadcast around the clock at Sveriges Radio P3, Din gata 100,6 and SVT2 at certain times during the day. Hosts for the show were Kitty Jutbring, Henrik Torehammar and Ehsan Noroozi. Every day a half-hour special show "Musikhjälpen: Extra" was hosted by Fredrik Ekelund and Charlotte Lundgren were they summarized what had happened during the day. Singer Jason Diakité (also known by his stage name Timbuktu) was reporter and traveled a month before Musikhjälpen to Congo and met refugees and took part in the help organizations work at the location. Altogether, Musikhjälpen gathered in its first year 3,016,247 SEK to help organizations.
"Musikhjälpen" 2009.
In 2009, the Musikhjälpen glass house stood at Avenyn in Gothenburg between 14–20 December. The theme for this year was malaria and as in 2008 the show was broadcast live around the clock at Sveriges Radio P3 and on SVT Play at certain times. Hosts this year were Ametist Azordegan, Christer Lundberg and Jason Diakité (aka Timbuktu) who all got locked into the glass house by singer Alice Cooper. Traveling reporters this year were Ehsan Noroozi and Kitty Jutbring. "Musikhjälpen Extra" host this year was Mela Tesfazion. 5,748,442 SEK was collected this year and it was 2.3 million more than in 2008.
On 7 January 2010, it was revealed that the project that been defrauded during twenty minutes the night to 20 December. The number shown in the television screens which showed how to wish for songs and give money had been changed. No money was ever given to the fake number and no arrests were ever made.
"Musikhjälpen" 2010.
In 2010, the glass house was located in Malmö for a second time in three years. Jason Diakité (Timbuktu) hosted yet again along with Martina Thun and Nour El-Refai. Ametist Azordegan and Christer Lundberg were traveling reporters this year and this year's theme was trafficking of children. The show was broadcast as usual on Sveriges Radio P3 and SVT Play, and at times on SVT during 13–19 December. At 18 December last year's record of collecting money had already been broken with 5.7 million SEK. When the show was over 12,236,417 SEK had been collected to help victims of trafficking.
"Musikhjälpen" 2011.
In 2011, the glass house was located in Gothenburg for the second time in 4 years. This time, it was at Gustaf Adolfs torg. For the third time in a row, Jason Diakité hosted the show along with Gina Dirawi and Kodjo Akolor. The theme for this year was that all the girls in the world should have the right to go to school and study. Traveling reporters for this year were Klara Zimmergren and Daniel Adams-Ray, who visited Ethiopia. The show this year was held on 12–18 December.
264 auctions were held which gave 2.1 million SEK. Amongst the auction items was Michael Jackson's platinum record for his "Thriller". A total of 18,104,362 SEK was collected.
"Musikhjälpen" 2012.
Malmö hosted the event which lasted from 10 to 16 December. This was the third time that Malmö was the host city of Musikhjälpen. For the second year in a row, Jason Diakité (Timbuktu), Kodjo Akolor and Gina Dirawi were the hosts of the Musikhjälpen and were locked inside the glass house. This became Timbuktu's fourth year as a host for the show. This year a total of 135,000 song wishes were recorded. 23,301,823 SEK was collected this year - a new record number.
Filip and Fredrik auctioned themselves of as receptionists which gave 221,100 SEK.
"Musikhjälpen" 2013.
Musikhjälpen was held in Gothenburg during 9–15 December 2013. This was the third time that Gothenburg was the host city of Musikhjälpen. The show was broadcast yet again from Gustaf Adolfs torg and this year the money was used to help pregnant girls in poorer countries.
The show's hosts were Kodjo Akolor, Sarah Dawn Finer and Emma Knyckare.
For the first time since 2009 "Musikhjälpen Extra" was held every evening and was hosted by Sofia Rågenklint. This year's traveling reporters were Bianca Kronlöf and Robin Olin who traveled to Bangladesh to give live daily reports from the country. It was the first time that the traveling reporters were at the foreign location live throughout Musikhjälpen's broadcast to give live reports.
28,426,046 SEK was collected this year.

</doc>
<doc id="20746620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746620" title="1951–52 New York Rangers season">
1951–52 New York Rangers season

The 1951–52 New York Rangers season was the 26th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers compiled a 23–34–13 record during the regular season, and finished with 59 points. Their fifth-place finish caused them to miss the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1952 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20746628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746628" title="White Lies (Jason &amp; the Scorchers song)">
White Lies (Jason &amp; the Scorchers song)

"White Lies" is a single by Jason & the Scorchers. Produced by Terry Manning, it was the second track on their 1985 album, "Lost and Found". "White Lies" was released by EMI America, on 12-inch vinyl.
Track listing.
A1. "White Lies"<br>
B1. "Are You Ready For The Country"<br>
B2. "Honky Tonk Blues"

</doc>
<doc id="20746648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746648" title="Field Card">
Field Card

A field card is a widely used term to describe a card that displays various pieces of data depicting field conditions. The card is often modularized and shows abridged data for use in the field. The format of the card and the details listed follow a set template based on the nature and system of the work.
Real estate.
A field card is used in the northeastern part of the United States to show real estate for properties. A typical field card provides a sketch of the property, description of the property, and information on owner, owner history, sales history, valuation, deed references, and dwelling and land details. Ancillary information such as past permits may also be shown on a field card.

</doc>
<doc id="20746661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746661" title="Agni-I">
Agni-I

The Agni missile (Sanskrit: अग्नि, Agnī ""Fire"") is a family of Short to Intermediate range ballistic missiles developed by India under the Integrated Guided Missile Development Program. On 28 Mar 2010, a trial was conducted with a special Strategic Forces Command (SFC) nuclear-capable Agni-I ballistic missile, with a range of 700 km from the Wheelers Island off the coast of Orissa, thus making Agni-I missile operational by army. Since then the SFC of the Indian Army has conducted several user trials of Agni-I missile to test its readiness to launch ballistic missiles that carry nuclear warheads. The recent user trials involved the test firing of upgraded version of Agni-I with better re-entry technology, maneuverability and range extension of up to 700–1,250 km.
History and Development.
Agni-I was first tested at the Interim Test Range in Chandipur in 1989, and is capable of carrying a conventional payload of 1,000 kg (2,200 lb) or a nuclear warhead. Agni missiles consist of one (short range) or two stages (intermediate range). These are rail and road mobile and powered by solid propellants.
The Agni I has a range of 700–1250 km. They are claimed to be a part of the "Minimum Credible deterrence".
Agni-I is a single stage, solid fuel, road and rail mobile, medium-range ballistic missile (MRBM). The need for the Agni-I was felt after the Kargil war with Pakistan. It took DRDO 15 months to develop the Agni-I after having completed Agni-II development. It is propelled by solid fuel. Maneuvering RV body-lift aerodynamics give it the ability to correct trajectory errors and reduce thermal stresses. The MRV has a velocity correction package to correct launch trajectory variances. Some Agni RV versions use a set of solid fueled thruster cartridges of predetermined impulse, allowing the onboard guidance controller to trim velocity, using discrete combination of impulse quanta along the desired spatial orientation. The 15 metre tall Agni-1 missile, weighing about 12 tonnes, is capable of carrying both conventional as well as nuclear warheads of 1,000 kg.
Calculations suggest a distance of 1500 km can, theoretically, be reached if the missile were to be made of composites & carrying a lesser mass of payload. 
User trials by Indian Army.
Indian Army regularly conducts user trials of the missile mainly to train the user team to launch the missile. The tests are normally conducted by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the Indian Army with logistic support from Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).
On October 5, 2007, a nuclear-capable Agni I was test fired from Wheelers' Island, a defense base in the Bay of Bengal on Orissa coast at Bhadrak, Orissa; and again on March 23, 2008 from the same site.
On 25 Nov 2010 another user trial of Agni-I missile was carried out by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the Indian Army wherein the indigenously developed surface-to-surface single-stage missile, powered by solid propellants, was test fired from a rail mobile launcher at about 1010 hours from launch pad-4 of the ITR, 100 km off the Orissa coast. This user trial involved the test firing of upgraded version of Agni-I with better re-entry technology, manoeuvrability and range extension of up to 700–900 km.
Agni-I was successfully test fired as a part of a training exercise on 1 December 2011 from the Orissa coast. The Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the Army executed the trial with logistic support provided by DRDO at the ITR. The Agni-I was fired from a road-mobile launcher (specially designed truck), at 9.30 a.m. and covered its targeted range in 600 seconds of flight. The missile reached its targeted area in the Bay of Bengal with full accuracy.
On 13 July 2012, the SFC conducted another successful user trial from Wheelers' Island. The missile was launched from a road mobile launcher
On November 9, 2013, the Strategic Forces Command conducted a successful user trial from Wheeler Island, off the Odisa coast.
Operators.
Agni-I is used by the 334 Missile Group at Secunderabad, under the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the Indian Army,

</doc>
<doc id="20746677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746677" title="Barth surface">
Barth surface

In algebraic geometry, a Barth surface is one of the complex surfaces in 3 dimensions with large numbers of double points found by . Two examples are the Barth sextic of degree 6 with 65 double points, and the Barth decic of degree 10 with 345 double points.
Some admit icosahedral symmetry.
For degree 6 surfaces in P3, showed that 65 is the maximum number of double points possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20746710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746710" title="Crotalus ruber lucasensis">
Crotalus ruber lucasensis

Crotalus ruber lucasensis is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in Mexico in the cape region of lower Baja California.
Description.
Similarly to "C. r. ruber", adult specimens commonly exceed in length. Both of these subspecies can be identified by having prenasals that are usually in contact with the first pair of supralabials, an absence of interchinshields, and by having tail rings that are either complete, or broken at the midline, but usually not laterally. However, this subspecies in particular exhibits a tendency for rattle loss.
Geographic range.
Found in Mexico in the cape region of lower Baja California. The type locality given is "Agua Caliente, Cape Region of Lower California, Mexico."

</doc>
<doc id="20746758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746758" title="Robert G. Kaiser">
Robert G. Kaiser

Robert G. Kaiser (born 1943) is associate editor and senior correspondent of "The Washington Post", where he has worked since 1963. In 2007, he wrote a series of articles there based on interviews of lobbyist Gerald Cassidy on the topic of lobbying in the United States.
Career.
Kaiser began at "The Washington Post" as a summer intern while still a college student. He has served as a special correspondent in London (1964–67), a reporter on the city desk in Washington, D.C. (1967–69), foreign correspondent in Saigon (1969–70) and Moscow (1971–74). He returned to the national staff in Washington and worked as a reporter for seven years, covering labor, the U.S. Senate, the 1980 presidential campaign and the first Ronald Reagan administration.
In 1982 Kaiser became associate editor of The Washington Post and editor of "Outlook", a Sunday section of commentary and opinion. He also wrote a column for the section. From 1985 to 1990 he was assistant managing editor for national news. From 1990 to 1991 he was deputy managing editor, and from 1991 to 1998 served as the paper's managing editor. He began his current assignment in September 1998.
Kaiser's work has appeared in the "New York Review of Books", "Esquire", "Foreign Affairs", and many other publications. He has been a commentator on NPR's All Things Considered, and has appeared often on "Meet the Press", the "Today" show and other television programs.
Personal.
Born in Washington, D.C., in 1943, Kaiser graduated from Yale College in 1964, where he was a member of Elihu senior society. He received a masters degree from the London School of Economics in 1967. He is married to Hannah Jopling, an anthropologist, and has two daughters, Charlotte and Emily.
Bibliography.
Kaiser is the author of eight books: 
Awards.
"The News About The News" won Harvard University's Goldsmith prize for the best book of 2002 on politics and the news media. His dispatches from Moscow won the Overseas Press Club award for best foreign correspondence of the year in 1975. In 2003 he won the National Press Club prize for best diplomatic reporting of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20746785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746785" title="1946–47 New York Rangers season">
1946–47 New York Rangers season

The 1946–47 New York Rangers season was the 21st season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers compiled a 22–32–6 record in the regular season and finished with 50 points. The team's fifth-place finish caused it to miss the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the fifth consecutive season.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20746821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746821" title="Philippe Aghion">
Philippe Aghion

Philippe Mario Aghion (born August 17, 1956) is a French economist.
Aghion was born in Paris, the son of Gaby and Raymond Aghion.
He is Robert C. Waggoner Professor of Economics at Harvard University and an invited professor at the Paris School of Economics, having previously been Professor at University College London, an Official Fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford, and an Assistant Professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
His main research work is on growth and contract theory. With Peter Howitt, he developed the so-called "Schumpeterian paradigm", and extended the paradigm in several directions; much of the resulting work is summarised in his joint book with Howitt entitled "Endogenous Growth Theory".
Aghion is a graduate of the École Normale Supérieure de Cachan (ENS Cachan, Mathematics Section), has a Diplôme d'études approfondies (DEA) in Mathematical Economics from University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne, and a Ph.D. from Harvard University (1987). He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2009 and he is a member of the Executive and Supervisory Committee (ESC) of CERGE-EI.

</doc>
<doc id="20746861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746861" title="Leonard House (Greensboro, Maryland)">
Leonard House (Greensboro, Maryland)

The Leonard House, also known as the Second Methodist Church Parsonage, is a historic home located at Greensboro, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is a small, -story frame dwelling with Greek Revival–influenced decorative detailing. It was constructed about 1832 presumably as the parsonage for the second Methodist church in Greensboro. The house has evidence suggestive of segregated access to servant’s quarters in the loft of the wing.
The Leonard House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20746872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746872" title="Super8 (musical group)">
Super8 (musical group)

super8 (sometimes referred to as Copenhagen Soundworks) is a film and music group formed in Copenhagen in 1999.
Not to be confused with DJ duo Super8 & Tab.
The group's first release was the 2001 album titled "Overgang". It was a collaboration with several nonmusicians 
who were issued a two-track mix and instructed to return it with alterations.
01. Abstrakte Værdier
02. Hvor Tilfældigt er Tilfældigt w/Danny Lund (http://www.myspace.com/theokkings)
03. Handler om at Komme
04. Kbh (FTS mix)
05. Betahelvede w/Valo (http://www.myspace.com/amstrong)
06. Hun tager altid noget med Sig (Vasadisko mix) w/Solbjørk Áslaug
07. Efter Krigen
08. Retromaskinen w/Jes Brinch (http://www.myspace.com/jesbrinch)
09. Bag ryggen
10. Lorelei (Rienzi mix)
11. Civil Ulydighed
12. Temaet fra Sidste Kommando w/Lasse Schmidt
13. Filtre af Mislyd (Edit Cut/Up 1)
14. Fra betagelse til Besættelse (CELP/Gas mix)
15. Dansk Fjernsyn
16. Mekano w/Morten "Kaptajnen" Vammen
17. Fortid (70'erne)
18. Om Fejlbetjening w/Brant Tilds
The second release by super8 was the 2003 five-track minialbum "The Sound of Misanthropy" - a commentary to the 
amount and nature of pornographick material on the web. With the exception of the fifth track which consists of 
private recordings "The Sound of Misanthropy" is composed exclusively of samples pirated off the internet. 
Therefore it was released solely on the web as a free download on the group's 
http://www.myspace.com/super8_misanthropy and is considered by super8 to be copyright-free.
1. Broken Beats Spoken Words
2. Amateur Justice
3. Hatero Sexual (Ohm mix)
4. Snowsister Babygum
5. Charlust
In 2005 super8 contributed with the track "Certainstantial" to the Jhonn Balance tribute "Full Cold Moon" 
available at www.darkwinter.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20746874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746874" title="Anne Kirk">
Anne Kirk

Anne Kirk (born 6 April 1951) is a Scottish female darts player. She is nicknamed Captain Kirk.
Kirk won the 2001 Women's World Masters, beating American Marylin Popp in the final. She then reached the semi final of the 2002 Women's World Darts Trophy, beating Trina Gulliver in the quarter finals before losing to Crissy Manley.
Kirk made her World Championship debut in 2003 and defeated Gaynor Williams and Francis Hoenselaar to reach the final where she was defeated by reigning champion Gulliver who made it a hat-trick of wins. She then lost in the quarter finals in 2004 to Karin Krappen and in 2005 to Gulliver.
Kirk qualified for the 2009 Women's World Championship and faced Krappen in the Quarter Finals, losing 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20746896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746896" title="Yizhang County">
Yizhang County

Yizhang County (宜章县) in Hunan province's far south and projecting into Guangdong, is part of the municipality of Chenzhou.
County town.
The county town is at the border between Hunan and Guangdong. The national highway from Guangzhou to Beijing passes through the middle of the town.
Environment.
A beautiful tourist park is Mangshan Mountain National Forest Park. The 1902-meter peak of Shikengkong (石坑崆), on the interprovincial border, stands some 50 km south of the county town.
Mangshan pitviper and Mangshan horned toad have been described as new species to science from specimens collected from Mangshan (Mount Mang).
Revolutionary History.
In early 1928 Zhu De's troops, survivors of the Nanchang Uprising, Little Long March and Battle of Shantou, found refuge here with the local warlord. Chen Yi was with him; neither dared reveal his identity at the time. It was from here that a rested and bolstered communist column marched to the Jinggangshan Mountains in April to join the hold-outs from another uprising.
. 

</doc>
<doc id="20746909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746909" title="2000 Paris Masters – Singles">
2000 Paris Masters – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20746914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746914" title="Braund Reynolds">
Braund Reynolds

Braund Reynolds is a British group, consisting of Ben Braund and James Reynolds.
Ben Braund was born in Winchester, England in 1976, and is the son of Sarah and Ralph Braund, and grandson of the late artist, Allin Braund. He attended Stroud School and, for a year, Winchester College before moving to Bristol in 1990. In 1994 he moved to Tunbridge Wells and worked out of London. He has written and produced music for Channel 4, BBC, PlayStation, Paramount Pictures, Universal, Virgin Records and performed around the world.
They are best known for their 2005 UK hit single, "Rocket (A Natural Gambler)". It was the first track to be the 'record of the week' for three BBC Radio 1 DJs at the same time, as well as hitting Pete Tong's 'Buzz Chart' at number 1 with a bullet. The duo's live act involved a 12 piece band that performed at Fabric, Koko Camden and The Arches. They have worked with the Stereo MCs, and remixed Eric Clapton.
Braund has also composed music for BBC, Channel 4, VH1 and Sony PlayStation. Will Ferrel chose his material for his 2009 film "". He has appeared on MTV, BBC Radio 1 and Channel 4 as well as TV and radio channels worldwide.
CTA Loves You was formed in 2012 consisting of Ben Braund, Nick Coler (The KLF) and Gareth Molan. The debut album's due first half 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20746924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746924" title="2007 Premier League Snooker">
2007 Premier League Snooker

The 2007 PartyBets.com Premier League Snooker professional non-ranking snooker tournament was played from 6 September to 3 December 2007.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won in the final 7–4 against John Higgins.
__TOC__
League phase.
Top four qualified for the play-offs. If points were level then most frames won determined their positions. If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions. If that ended 3–3 then the player who got to three first was higher. (Breaks above 50 shown between (parentheses); century breaks are indicated with bold.)
Play-offs.
2–3 December – AECC, Aberdeen, Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="20746926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746926" title="1952–53 New York Rangers season">
1952–53 New York Rangers season

The 1952–53 New York Rangers season was the 27th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers compiled a 17–37–16 record and finished with 50 points. The Rangers' last-place finish caused them to miss the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers finished in last place in the NHL and failed to qualify for the 1953 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20746940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746940" title="Neck Meetinghouse and Yard">
Neck Meetinghouse and Yard

The Neck Meetinghouse and Yard, also known as the Quaker Meetinghouse & Graveyard, is a historic Quaker meetinghouse located at West Denton, Caroline County, Maryland. It is a one-story rectangular frame building with a pitched gable roof measuring 30 feet, 8 inches long and 20 feet, 5 inches deep. In the graveyard are six marked burials with stones dating from the 1850s to 1890, with some more recent interments. It is the only extant Friends meeting house in Caroline County, and one of only a few still standing on the Eastern Shore. The meeting house was utilized from September 26, 1802, when the first meeting was held in the building, until it was abandoned in 1890 for lack of funds and participants.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20746962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746962" title="Football in Ecuador">
Football in Ecuador

Association football (simply called football) is the most popular sport in Ecuador, in line with the majority of South America.
Governing body.
The governing body of football in Ecuador is the Ecuadorian Football Federation (), also known as FEF or Ecuafútbol. It runs all national football tournaments and manages the national football teams. Its seat is in Guayaquil. In addition, there are 18 provincial association throughout the country.
Club football.
Club football is the most popular spectator sport in the country. The top-flight league in the country is the Serie A, followed by the Serie B. Both contain a small number of clubs compared to other leagues across the continent (12 each). Both tournaments are organized by FEF. But, for a considerable part of its history, club football was regionalized.
Regional leagues.
The first amateur tournaments in Ecuador were organized by two regional leagues: one in Guayas for clubs in Guayaquil, and one in Pichincha for clubs in Quito and Ambato. Both held their inaugural tournaments in 1922. Both leagues stayed amateur until 1952, when the Guayas league held their first professional tournament. The Pichincha league, called "Interandino" followed suit in 1954. Both leagues stayed as the top-flight leagues in the country until 1967, when the status of top-flight was ceded to the national tournament. 
National tournament.
No national tournament existed until 1957 when the winners of both regional championships played against each other for the title. The first national title was won by Emelec. After a two year hiatus, the national tournament returned in 1960 and has continued into the present. The Costa and Interandino Championships ceased to exist as a top-level tournament in 1967.
International participation.
While typically a competitive country, clubs from Ecuador have had little international success. The first club to reach the finals of an international tournament was Barcelona, when they reached the finals of the 1990 and 1998 Copa Libertadores; they lost both. In 2001, Emelec became the second club to reach the finals of an international tournament at the 2001 Copa Merconorte, which they also lost. In 2008, LDU Quito became the first club to win an international title by becoming the 2008 Copa Libertadores champion. LDU Quito also went to win the Recopa Sudamericana and the Copa Sudamericana, both in 2009. To date, those are the only international club titles won by an Ecuadorian team.
National team.
The Ecuadorian national football team is controlled by the Federación Ecuatoriana de Fútbol and represents Ecuador in international football competitions. It was for a long time one of the weaker teams in CONMEBOL, but it has recently had more success, making their first World Cup qualification in 2002, and qualifying again for the 2006 World Cup in which they made it to the last 16, losing to England by 1 goal.
Although without any major tournament achievements until the current millennium, Ecuador was never short of footballing talent,producing players such as Alberto Spencer, Jose Villafuerte, Carlos Raffo and Antonio Valencia. Ecuador has qualified for the World Cup twice in 2002 and 2006 but it has yet to win a Copa America.Their best finish in Copa América was fourth in 1993 (they also finished fourth in the 'extra' South American Championship in 1959).

</doc>
<doc id="20746973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746973" title="Kalna subdivision">
Kalna subdivision

Kalna subdivision is a subdivision of the Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Kalna municipality and five community development blocks: Kalna–I, Kalna–II, Manteswar, Purbasthali–I and Purbasthali–II. The five blocks contain 47 gram panchayats and six census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Kalna.
Area.
Apart from the Kalna municipality, the subdivision contains six census towns and rural areas of 47 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Kalna–I, Kalna–II, Manteswar, Purbasthali–I and Purbasthali–II. The six census towns are: Uttar Goara, Dhatrigram, Srirampur, Hatsimla, Gopinathpur and Patuli.
Blocks.
Kalna–I block.
Rural area under Kalna–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Atghoria Simlan, Dhatrigram, Krishnadevpur, Baghnapara, Hatkalna, Nandai, Begpur, Kankuria and Sultanpur. Urban area under this block comprises two census towns: Uttar Goara and Dhatrigram. Kalna police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rangapara and Lichutala, Kalna.
Kalna–II block.
Rural area under Kalna–II block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Akalpaus, Badla, Baradhamas, Pindira, Anukhal, Baidyapur, Kalyanpur and Satgachhi. There is no urban area under this block. Kalna police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Singarkone.
Manteswar block.
Rural area under Manteswar block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Baghson, Kusumgram, Manteswar, Vagra Mulgram, Bamunpara, Majhergram, Pipalan, Denur, Mamudpur–I, Putsuri, Jamna, Mamudpur–II and Shushunia. There is no urban area under this block. Manteswar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mateswar.
Purbasthali–I block.
Rural area under Purbasthali–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Bogpur, Jahannagar, Nasratpur, Sreerampur, Dogachhia, Nadanghat and Samudragarh. Urban area under this block comprises three census towns: Srirampur, Hatsimla and Gopinathpur. Purbasthali police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Srirampur.
Purbasthali–II block.
Rural area under Purbasthali–II block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Jhaudanga, Majdia, Nimdaha, Purbasthali, Kalekhantala–I, Mertala, Patuli, Kalekhantala–II, Muksimpara and Pilla. Urban area under this block comprises one census town: Patuli. Purbasthali police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Patuli.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20746977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746977" title="The Art of Control">
The Art of Control

The Art of Control is Peter Frampton's eighth studio album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Peter Frampton and Mark Goldenberg. 
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="20746987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20746987" title="Denton Armory">
Denton Armory

The Denton Armory is a historic armory located at Denton, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick structure with a full basement completed in 1938. It is important for its association with the reorganization and expansion of the National Guard system in the 20th century.
The Denton Armory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20747004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747004" title="RailRider">
RailRider

The RailRider is a Global Positioning System (GPS) tracking and monitoring device used on railroad freight cars and locomotives. In earlier days of railroading a rail rider was known as a person to ride on a railcar to make sure it arrived unscathed.
The modern electronic RailRiders are deployed world wide on railcars, and locomotives. The patented RailRider collects data from a GPS and sensors. The information is communicated through cellular (GPRS), radio, or satellite modem to servers for further processing. Customers can access data from anywhere through the Internet.
Shippers use the location and monitoring data to improve utilization, productivity, reduce maintenance, increase security, and improve customer support. Managers can quickly get answers to their logistics questions by running reports or viewing maps on the website. Data can also be passed directly to corporate fleet management computer systems for a complete integrated system with all lading information.
RailRider is a registered trademark of Lat-Lon, LLC. Lat-Lon was founded in 1999 by Dave Baker and Steve Tautz. Lat-Lon is a privately held limited liability company and is partially owned by Tegra Corp of Sioux City, IA, founded in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20747014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747014" title="Testimony (Stella Parton album)">
Testimony (Stella Parton album)

About.
Testimony is the seventh studio album by singer Stella Parton. This is her third album since signing with Raptor Records. Coincidentally, it was released the same year as her older sister, superstar Dolly Parton's "Backwoods Barbie". It is an inspirational work that includes all original and new songs, highlighting Parton's gifts of the spirit. The track, "I Will Arise", was co-written by her son, Timothy C. Rauhoff.
Track listing.
Tracks written by Parton except where noted. The track listing is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20747036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747036" title="Lisa Ashton">
Lisa Ashton

Lisa Ashton (born 27 August 1970) is an English female darts player and the current British Darts Organisation women's world champion.
Career.
Ashton reached the quarter finals of the 2007 Women's World Masters, beating 1996 finalist Heike Ernst of Germany in the last 16 before losing to Rilana Erades. The next year she reached the semi finals, beating Anne Kirk in the last 16 and then beat Australia's Cathy Shaw before losing to eventual winner Francis Hoenselaar. Ashton then won the 2008 Women's Zuiderduin Masters, beating Trina Gulliver in the final.
Ashton qualified for the 2009 Women's World Championship and made her debut at the event. She met Gulliver once more in the quarter-finals but was beaten 2-0.
In 2011, Ashton defeated Trina Gulliver 4-1 to win the Winmau World Masters.
Ashton reached the final of the 2013 BDO World Darts Championship where she lost to Anastasia Dobromyslova 2–1. 
Lisa Ashton won the 2014 BDO World Darts Championship at the Lakeside Country Club which had 16 women qualifiers for the first time in its history. She defeated Number 7 seed Aileen De Graaf of the Netherlands in the first round in a match which went to a sudden death deciding leg in which pundits such as Bobby George described as the best women's darts match ever. She then defeated Tamara Schuur of the Netherlands in the Quarter Finals who surprisingly defeated 9 times World Champion Trina Gulliver in the first match of Lakeside 2014. She then beat number 3 seed Anastasia Dobromyslova of Russia in the semi final surviving 6 match darts who beat her in the final 12 months previously 2-1. She met world number one Deta Hedman in the final 3-2 after being 2-0 behind and seeing Deta miss darts for the title. 

</doc>
<doc id="20747039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747039" title="1997 Marshall Thundering Herd football team">
1997 Marshall Thundering Herd football team

The 1997 Marshall Thundering Herd football team represented the Marshall University in the 1997 NCAA Division I-A college football season. It was their first year in the Mid-American Conference.
Regular season.
In the 1997 season, Marshall University's first in Division I-A, Randy Moss and future NFL quarterback Chad Pennington were the centerpiece of an explosive offense that led the Thundering Herd to the Mid-American Conference title. Moss caught 25 touchdown passes that season, at the time a Division I-A record, and was a first-team All-American. For the season, Moss had 96 receptions for 1820 yards, and 26 touchdowns. 
Moss won the Fred Biletnikoff Award as the nation's leading wide receiver, and was a finalist for the Heisman Trophy (finishing fourth in the balloting, behind Ryan Leaf, Peyton Manning, and Charles Woodson, who won the award). Moss left Marshall with 168 receptions for 3,467 yards and a school record 53 touchdowns.
Season schedule.
The Thundering Herd finished the regular season with a record of 10 wins and 2 losses.

</doc>
<doc id="20747051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747051" title="Ontario Professional Planners Institute">
Ontario Professional Planners Institute

The Ontario Professional Planners Institute (OPPI) is the recognized voice of the province's planning profession. OPPI provides leadership on policy related to community planning, development, the environment, and related issues. As the Ontario affiliate of the Canadian Institute of Planners (CIP), OPPI represents approximately 3,000 practising planners across the province and approximately 500 student members. OPPI members work for government, private industry, community agencies, and academic institutions.
OPPI members are committed to creating and fostering healthy communities throughout Ontario. Planners recognize how land use planning decisions shape communities in many ways - obesity, heart disease, mental health, social isolation, nutrition, and air quality. In keeping with this commitment, OPPI issued a position paper called "Healthy Communities, Sustainable Communities", several Calls to Action have been released and the Institute recently partnered with the Ontario Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing on a publication entitled "Planning by Design: A Healthy Communities Handbook". These efforts explore the links between public health and land use planning and includes strategies for collaborating on tangible actions that result in healthier communities.
OPPI partners include the Ontario Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing and the Heart & Stroke Foundation of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20747062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747062" title="Denton Schoolhouse">
Denton Schoolhouse

The Denton Schoolhouse is a historic school located at Denton, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is a small building with a Latin cross plan and several features of the Gothic Revival style, built about 1883. On the roof ridge is an octagonal cupola with a belfry of alternating louvered and plain drop-arched panels, with a cut wooden spire on top.
The Denton Schoolhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20747066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747066" title="Gyan Niketan">
Gyan Niketan

Gyan Niketan, Patna, India, was established on the Vasant Panchami of 1986 by the "Manaviya Vibhav Vikas Trust", with assistance from Acharya Kishore Kunal who is Chairman of the Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts. The first principal of the school was Mr. J. N. Dar. The school is amongst the earliest CBSE affiliated schools imparting education for boys in Patna. The administrator of the school from establishment has been Anita Kunal.
Students take part in painting, music, drama and science activities. Discourses are made on the Hindu religious scriptures.
Achievements.
Students ranked first in a national level drama competition held at Kolkata. Manish Kumar, a class X student topped the CBSE merit list scoring scoring 99.4%. The school is active participant in games and co curricular activities. Gyan niketan is famous for winning the CBSE clusters Athletic Meets organised by CBSE. It has also gone up to national level in discus throw, javelin throw and running events. The school reached CBSE Heritage India Quiz 2003 semifinals where it lost narrowly.
Admission process.
For admission at the nursery level, a student should be at least 3 years of age. The ages for admission in the classes KG-1, KG-2 and class 1 are 3+, 4+ and 5+. The minimum age for taking admission in other classes is the sum obtained by adding 5 to that class. Students are admitted in class 1 to 8 on the basis of an admission test.
The school.
The school operates from its building at Gola Road, Danapur. It has over 5000 students from class I to XII. There is a hostel with a capacity of 1000 for the students who come from rural areas. During school assembly discourses on the Geeta, the Bible, the Quran Sharif and the Guru Granth Sahib are conducted.
Co-curricular activities.
Students were 1st in the National Level Drama Competition held in Kolkata.
In painting, Gyan Niketan boys have achieved positions in the inter-school competitions with Aman Kumar Gupta taking 3rd position in all Bihar painting competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20747072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747072" title="Exit rate">
Exit rate

Exit rate is a term used in web site traffic analysis and oil and gas production, as well as a financial term.
Exit rate as a term used in web site traffic analysis (sometimes confused with bounce rate) is the percentage of visitors to a site who actively click away to a different site from a specific page, after possibly having visited any other pages on the site. The visitors just exited on that specific page. 
Exit rate as an Upstream (petroleum industry) term refers to the rate of production of oil and/or gas as of a specified date. Often this will be the projected rate at the next year end. 
Exit rate as a financial term refers to the revenue or cost to be expected in the following fiscal period as a derivative of the performance in the current period. 
When used in the context of revenue, exit rate refers to the income expected in the following period as a result of sales closed in the existing period (assuming no further sales are made). If a company worked throughout the year and managed to signed up deals that will generate 1M USD a year in the following year (assuming no additional sales), then it would be said that company has 1M USD exit rate in this year.
When used in the context of costs, exit rate refers to the costs expected in the following period as a result of recurring costs taken on during the existing period (assuming no further additional recurring or one time costs are taken). If a company took on headcount and recurring costs of 1M/year during a given fiscal year, then the working budget for that company would have an exit rate of 1M USD in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20747085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747085" title="Premonition (Peter Frampton album)">
Premonition (Peter Frampton album)

Premonition is Peter Frampton's ninth studio album and his follow up to 1982's "Art of Control". This album featured one of Frampton's biggest hits from the 1980s, "Lying."

</doc>
<doc id="20747090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747090" title="Katwa subdivision">
Katwa subdivision

Katwa subdivision is a subdivision of the Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Katwa municipality, Dainhat municipality and five community development blocks: Katwa–I, Katwa–II, Ketugram–I, Ketugram–II and Mongolkote. The five blocks contain 46 gram panchayats and one census town. The subdivision has its headquarters at Katwa.
Area.
Apart from the Katwa municipality and Dainhat municipality, the subdivision contains one census town and rural areas of 46 gram panchayats under five community development blocks: Katwa–I, Katwa–II, Ketugram–I, Ketugram–II and Mongolkote. The only census town under this block is Panuhat.
Blocks.
Katwa–I Block.
Rural area under Katwa–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Alampur, Karajgram, Sargram, Gidhagram, Khajurdihi, Sreekhanda, Goai, Koshigram and Sudpur. Urban area under this block comprises one census town: Panuhat. Katwa police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Panchghara and Khajurdihi.
Katwa–II block.
Rural area under Katwa–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Agradwip, Jagadanandspur, Palsona, Sreebati, Gazipur, Karui and Singi. There is no urban area under this block. Katwa police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Dainhat.
Ketugram–I block.
Rural area under Ketugram–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Agardanga, Berugram, Murgram–Gopalpur, Pandugram, Ankhona, Jyandas–Kandara, Palita and Rajur. There is no urban area under this block. Ketugram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kandra.
Ketugram–II block.
Rural area under Ketugram–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Billeswar, Ketugram, Nabagram, Sitahati, Gangatikuri, Maugram and Nirol. There is no urban area under this block. Ketugram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Gangatikuri.
Mongolkote block.
Rural area under Mongolkote block consists of 15 gram panchayats, viz. Bhalugram, Jhilu–II, Lakhuria, Paligram, Chanak, Kaichar–I, Majigram, Shimulia–I, Gotistha, Kaichar–II, Mongalkot, Shimulia–II, Jhilu–I, Kshirgram and Nigan. There is no urban area under this block. Mongolkote police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Natunhat.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20747100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747100" title="Sine quadrant">
Sine quadrant

The sine quadrant (Arabic: Rubul mujayyab, الربع المجيب) was a type of quadrant used by medieval Arabic astronomers. It is also known as a "sinecal quadrant" in the English-speaking world. The instrument could be used to measure celestial angles, to tell time, to find directions, or to determine the apparent positions of any celestial object for any time. The name is derived from the Arabic "rub" meaning a quarter and "mujayyab" meaning marked with sine. It was described, according to King, by Muhammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī in 9th century Baghdad.
Description.
The instrument is a quarter of a circle made of wood or metal (usually brass) divided on its arc side into 90 equal parts or degrees. The 90 divisions are gathered in 18 groups of five degrees each and are generally numbered both ways from the ends of the arc. That is, one set of numbers begins at the left end of the arc and goes to 90 at the right end while the other set the zero is at the right and the 90 is at the left. This double numbering enables the instrument to measure either celestial altitude or zenith distance or both simultaneously. 
At the apex where the two graduated straight sides of the grid pattern meet in a right angle there is a pin hole with a cord in it and a small weight on the free end with a small bead that slides along the cord. The cord is called “Khait” and is used as a plumb line when measuring celestial altitudes. It is also used as the indicator of angles when doing calculations with the instrument. The sliding bead facilitates trigonometric calculations with the instrument. 
Traditionally the line from the beginning of the arc to the apex is called “Jaibs” and the line from the end of the arc to the apex is called “Jaib tamams”. Both jaibs and jaib tamams are divided into 60 equal units and the sixty parallel lines to the jaibs are called sitheeniys or” sixtys “ and the sixty parallel lines to the jaib tamams are “juyoobul mabsootah”. 
The reason for sixty divisions along the Jaibs and Jaib Tamams is that the instrument uses the Sexagesimal number system. That is it is graduated to the number base 60 and not to the base 10 or decimal system that we presently use. Time, angular measurement and geographical coordinate measurements are about the only hold overs from the Sumerian/Babylonian number system that are still in current use.
Like the arc, the Jaibs and Jaib tamams have their sixty divisions gathered into groups of five that are numbered in both directions to and from the apex. The double numbering of the arc means that the “Jaibs” and “Jaib tamams” labels are relative to the measurement being taken or to the calculation being performed at the time and the terms are not attached to one or the other of the graduated scales on the instrument.
Measuring A Celestial Altitude With The Quadrant.
On one of the straight edges of the quadrant there are two sight vanes which are called “Hadafatani”. Each of the vanes has a small hole or "pinnule" at its center through which one sights a celestial object. Light passing from a star through both holes to the eye guarantees that the instrument is aligned with the star and that the plumb line will indicate the true altitude of the star when the instrument is held in a vertical plane.
It has been stated by several authors that two people are required to use the instrument successfully; one to take the sight and one to read the cord position on the arc. This is not entirely true as one can see from the photograph that it is quite easy to pin the cord to the face of the instrument with a finger of the left hand once the sight vanes are perfectly aligned with the star. At that instant one simply rotates the instrument in the right hand to read the position of the cord on the arc. However, it does help to have another person to write down the scale readings as they are taken. As any navigator knows one must take multiple readings and average the result in order to have any faith in the measurement. This is why the old wood cuts showed an assistant standing next to the observer. Not to read the scale but to record the results.
The “one read the scale while the other sights the star” technique was tried by the author on a sailing yacht in relatively calm waters and was found to be vastly more difficult than having the observer read the instrument himself as described above.
Taking the altitude of the sun is a bit more difficult than sighting a star due to the blinding intensity of the solar disk. In this case one holds the instrument as one would to read the scale, that is facing the graduated face of the instrument. Then it is oriented with the hands in such a way that a ray of sunlight will pass through both sight vane pinnules and make a bright spot on the observer’s finger (see photo). As soon as the alignment is thus perfected the scale can be read by the observer at the point where it is cut by the cord.

</doc>
<doc id="20747109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747109" title="West Denton Warehouse-Wharf">
West Denton Warehouse-Wharf

West Denton Warehouse--Wharf is a historic warehouse located at West Denton, Caroline County, Maryland. It is an early-20th century timber-framed warehouse structure situated along the west bank of the upper Choptank River. The earliest section was built about 1850, and is the 40 foot x 100 foot center portion. The north (40 foot x 20 foot) and south (40 foot x 40 foot) additions were built in the 1940s. It is a representative example of a type of structure which served various functions in connection with waterborne commerce, and is one of only two remaining riverfront warehouses in Maryland.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20747157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747157" title="2nd Brigade, Polish Legions">
2nd Brigade, Polish Legions

Brigade II of the Polish Legions (), also known as the Iron ("Żelazna") or Carpathian ("Karpacka") Brigade, a unit of Austro-Hungarian Army, manned by Austrian Poles, part of the Polish Legions in World War I, that existed from 1914 or 1915 till 1918.
History.
The unit was formed in mid-December 1914 (or March 1915, sources vary), as part of the Polish Legions in World War I. The Brigade was first commanded by an Austrian officer, Ferdynand Küttner, and from 14 July 1916 by a Polish officer, Józef Haller de Hallenburg.
In 1917 most of the Brigade followed Haller and unlike the I Brigade and III Brigade, which followed Józef Piłsudski, it swore an oath during the Oath crisis. It eventually formed the bulk of the Polish Auxiliary Corps (although several sources indicated it remained a distinct unit, under the name of the Second Brigade, till March 1918).
After the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, the Brigade rebelled against the Austro-Hungarians, joining other Polish units and fighting for the cause of Polish independence. In March 1918 the Brigade was combined with the Polish II Corps in Russia (of the former Russian Army, now also rebelling against the Russians).
It was the only First World War Polish formation that fought against all three partitioners of Poland (Austria, Germany and Russia).
Battles.
Major battles fought by the Second Brigade included:
Organization.
The Second Brigade comprised 3 infantry regiments (the 2nd, 3rd and, before it was moved to the III Brigade, 4th), a cavalry regiment (the 2nd), as well as support units (ex. an artillery battalion).

</doc>
<doc id="20747158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747158" title="Rudolf Säumenicht">
Rudolf Säumenicht

Rudolf Säumenicht (13 February 1916 — 26 August 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Rudolf Säumenicht was born on the 13 February 1916 at Harburg.
He volunteered to join the SS and was selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Braunschweig. Upon graduation he was posted to the 3rd SS Panzer Division "Totenkopf" and participated in the Anschluss of Austria and the occupation of the Sudetenland.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross in October 1943, when with a kampfgruppe (battle group) consisting of one Panzer VI, five Panzer IVs and six Panzer IIIs, without orders, he launched a counterattack to halt a Russian breakthrough. Through this action 42 Soviet tanks were knocked out, for the loss of two tanks of their own.
Rudolf Säumenicht was transferred to the 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking" as the commander of the II. Battalion, 5th SS Panzer Regiment and was killed in action on 26 August 1944 near Czarnov, on the Bug River, Eastern Front.

</doc>
<doc id="20747160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747160" title="Denton Historic District">
Denton Historic District

Denton Historic District is a national historic district in Denton, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is located on the flat land along the south bank of the Choptank River. The west end of the district focuses on the courthouse square, which was laid out in the 1790s, with its late 19th century courthouse building and square faced on all sides by noteworthy residences and commercial structures. The historic commercial district extends east of the square along Market Street. It comprises a notable collection of two-story brick storefronts and one-story concrete block commercial structures, with frame residences representing late-19th / early-20th century forms interspersed among them.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20747174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747174" title="Henry Barnes">
Henry Barnes

Henry Barnes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20747184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747184" title="Fredrik Carl Størmer">
Fredrik Carl Størmer

"One should not confuse the subject of article with the Norwegian mathematician of the same name."
Fredrik Carl Stormer (born July 12, 1957) is a jazz drummer and entrepreneur based in Oslo, Norway and is named after his great grandfather the Norwegian mathematician. Based on his music and business experience, he has developed the JazzCode – a term describing the guiding principles used by jazz musicians in particular and professional teams in general to create a successful performance. The JazzCode applies to small teams having to manage complexity and rapid change. It is also relevant to organizations change cultures in order to adapt to rapidly changing contexts. Stormer has also developed a method to improve how small teams manage complex problems in thinking, reading and writing and his class is used by consultants, analysts, project managers and top teams in several Norwegian companies.
Background.
Stormers background both as a professional musician and a business executive has enabled him to see both areas from a different angle.
After 11 years in the US where he obtained a Bachelor of Music in jazz performance from New England Conservatory (1983), a Master of Music in jazz from Manhattan School of Music (1985), a Master of Fine Arts in arts management from Columbia University (1987) and worked as a professional musician, Stormer returned to Norway in 1991. Back in Oslo, he founded the jazz band The Real Thing in collaboration with guitarist Staffan William-Olsson (b. 1959). They were later joined by Sigurd Køhn (1959 – 2004) and Paul “Palle” Wagnberg (b. 1961). The band soon became one of Norway’s most popular and bestselling jazz bands, releasing three albums – "The Real Thing" (1991), "The Real Thing in New York" (1992 feat. Lew Soloff), and "A Perfect Match" (1994).
Musical Training.
Stormer's first drum teacher was the Norwegian drummer Jon Christensen with whom he studied from 1971-1976. While at New England Conservatory he studied with Alan Dawson, Gary Chaffee, Miroslav Vitouš, and George Russell. While at Manhattan School of Music he studied with Justin DiCioccio and Gary Chester.
Music and business.
In 1992 the city of Oslo wanted to adopt the French music festival “Fête de la Musique”. Carl Stormer established the festival and was managing director for the first two years. Even in its first year, “Musikkens Dag” gathered thousands of people and artists in the streets of Oslo.
In 1995 Stormer left music to pursue a business career with IBM. His fascination for technology (he had previously worked both with programming drums and databases in the US) soon took him to the Internet, e-business and management consulting. In 1999 he moved back to the US and together with Espen Odegard he co-founded StudentUniverse, an online travel business which in 2008 became a global company.
In 2003 Stormer was recruited to become the Senior Vice President of Marketing at Norwegian Air Shuttle, Scandinavia’s largest low cost carrier. During his tenure he was a core member of the team that took the company in 2004. He left the company in 2004 to start his own business , JazzCode AS is incorporated in Norway (Tax ID # 991-411-917). The JazzCode is being presented to business, academic and jazz audiences in Europe, Australia and the US. In 2008 Stormer gave several lectures about the JazzCode at Insead (France) and London Business School (UK) and published a case at Harvard Business School (USA) with professor Robert D. Austin about the groundbreaking 1959 recording of Miles Davis' "Kind of Blue". JazzCode has released several recordings on which Størmer plays the drums, including "In the Moment" (2007) featuring Rob Scheps, Georg "Jojje" Wadenius, Cameron Brown and Jamie Reynolds, "Codes for Christmas" (2008) featuring Rob Scheps, Scott Wendholt, Bruce Barth, and Doug Weiss, "Being Here" (2011) and "Entering the Human Age" (2011) featuring Knut Riisnæs, Lars Jansson and Mats Eilertsen., and and "Control is for Beginners" (2014) featuring Bendik Hofseth, Lars Jansson, and Mats Eilertsen
Outside the Nordic countries, Carl Stormer is represented by Stern Speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="20747201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747201" title="When All the Pieces Fit">
When All the Pieces Fit

When All the Pieces Fit is the tenth studio release by Peter Frampton and the follow-up to his "Premonition" album from 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20747206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747206" title="Williston Mill Historic District">
Williston Mill Historic District

Williston Mill Historic District is a national historic district in Denton, Caroline County, Maryland. It consists of two historic structures--a grist mill and a miller's house--which share the acreage with the mill stream and race that empties into Mill Creek, a tributary of the Choptank River. The Williston miller's house is a two-story, four-bay single-pile frame dwelling, built originally between 1840 and 1850 with later 19th century expansions. The mill building dates from around 1830-1840, with the two-story section built around 1895. It is one of two grist mills that remain standing in Caroline County.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20747227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747227" title="New York State School Tax Relief Program">
New York State School Tax Relief Program

The New York State School Tax Relief Program (more commonly known as the STAR Program), or New York State Real Property Tax Law §425, is a school tax rebate program offered in New York State aimed at reducing school district property taxes on the primary residences of New York residents. The program, which acts similarly to (but is much less extensive than) homestead exemptions in other states, was enacted on August 7, 1997, a product of the annual budget of then-Governor George Pataki.
The STAR Program takes two forms: the Basic STAR and the Enhanced STAR. The Basic STAR is open to the primary residence of any New York State resident and exempts $30,000 from the true value of a home or property. The Enhanced STAR, for eligible senior citizens at or above age 65, exempts an annually variable amount ($56,800 for the 2008-2009 school year) from the true value of their primary residence. Essentially, the program is aimed to lower the tax burden on school district residents. This does not affect the overall revenue of a given school district; the difference is made up by the state, essentially making the program another source of state aid.
The STAR rebate is subtracted from the "true value" of the home in question. The true value of a home is the value determined at the time of the last property assessment (typically done by a town or county assessor), divided by an equalization rate, which is the ratio of assessed value to market value for each taxing jurisdiction, as calculated by the State of New York. Equalization rates are used because assessments are not done each year by town or county officials. In addition, school districts typically do not have the same boundaries as other taxing jurisdictions (cities and towns), so equalization calculations are needed to bring property values to the same levels within all neighboring municipalities, included in a given district.
To be eligible for the Enhanced STAR, a primary resident age 65 or older must have an adjusted gross income that does not exceed $60,000. Proof of age is required upon initial application.

</doc>
<doc id="20747240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747240" title="Solar easement">
Solar easement

A solar easement is a right, expressed as an easement, restriction, covenant, or condition contained in any deed, contract, or other written instrument executed by or on behalf of any landowner for the purpose of assuring adequate access to direct sunlight for solar energy systems.
Features.
A typical solar easement establishes certain land use conditions agreed upon by the property owners involved. Such agreements will normally contain the following elements:
Statutory recognition.
Currently, there are 36 states in the United States that have provided for statutory protection for solar easements through the enactment of specific laws recognizing and protecting solar easements. California was one of the first states to enact such a law, beginning with their solar incentives as far back as 1976. Surprisingly, the State of Arizona does not currently have a solar easement statute.

</doc>
<doc id="20747251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747251" title="Russian Association of Proletarian Writers">
Russian Association of Proletarian Writers

The Russian Association of Proletarian Writers, also known under its transliterated abbreviation RAPP () was an official creative union in the Soviet Union established in January 1925.
Among its stated purposes was "to scourge and chastice in the name of the Party", i.e., effectively encouraging censorship of literature on ideological grounds. Among the first targets were Yevgeny Zamiatin and Boris Pilnyak. It became notorious for its "enthusiastic" attacks on writers who failed to fit the RAPP's definition of the "true Soviet writer", which have eventually earned criticism from the leadership of the Bolshevik party. Among its targets were both pro- and anti-Bolshevik writers, notably including Mikhail Bulgakov, Maxim Gorki, Vladimir Mayakovski, Alexey Tolstoy, Boris Pilniak, and Yevgeni Zamyatin.
In April 1932 RAPP, together with other creative unions, such as Proletkult VOAPP, and Russian Association of Proletarian Musicians, was disbanded, and the USSR Union of Writers (together other new creative unions) was established instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20747261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747261" title="R. V. Srinivasa Aiyar">
R. V. Srinivasa Aiyar

Diwan Bahadur Rishiyur Venkata Srinivasa Aiyar CIE (1852-1909) was an Indian civil servant, legislator and politician from the Madras Presidency.
Early life and education.
Srinivasa Aiyar was born to R. S. Venkatarama Aiyar and his wife, Valambal, in his maternal grandfather's house at Vaiyacalathore in 1852. He was the eldest of their four children. Srinivasa Aiyar had his schooling in Needamangalam and graduated from Government Arts College, Kumbakonam in 1870.
Educational career.
On completion of his studies, Srinivasa Aiyar worked as Assistant master at Wesleyan High School, Bangalore for three years and as Assistant Lecturer in Government Arts College, Kumbakonam from 1873 to 1884.
Provincial Civil Service.
In 1884, he joined the Provincial civil service of Madras as an assistant in the Revenue Settlement Department. He rose to become Secretary to the Commissioner of Revenue Settlement and was, in July 1896, appointed as the Director of the Department of Land Records and Agriculture in the Madras Presidency. He became the Inspector General of Registration in December 1903 and was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council in November 1902 and for a second term on October 30, 1903.
Proficiency in mathematics.
Aiyar was renowned for his proficiency in mathematics and was called "Euclid" or "Geometry" Srinivasa Aiyar.
Indian National Congress.
Aiyar was also associated with the Indian National Congress in its early days.
Death.
Srinivasa Aiyar died on 31 March 1909 at the age of 57.
Family.
In 1868, Srinivasa Aiyar married Meenambal (1858-1950), the elder sister of Sir T. Sadasiva Iyer. The couple had three sons and three daughters.
He was the paternal uncle of R. S. Subbalakshmi, a social reformer and educationist.

</doc>
<doc id="20747271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747271" title="David Franks (hurler)">
David Franks (hurler)

David Franks (born 1979) is an Irish hurler who currently played as a centre-back for the Offaly senior team.
Franks made his first appearance for the team during the 2000 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2012 championship. During that time he won two National League (Division 2) medals. Franks was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Franks plays with Carrickshock in Kilkenny. He began his career with Ballyskenagh.

</doc>
<doc id="20747274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747274" title="CDC?">
CDC?

CDC? is a children's puzzle book written and illustrated by author and cartoonist William Steig. Originally published in 1984, it is a sequel to "CDB!", and is of the same concept: letters and numbers which suggest the sounds of words or phrases are printed as captions for interpretive cartoons. The reader guesses what the letters and numbers are supposed to represent in actual words. The book is somewhat more sophisticated in content than "CDB!", using more complicated phrases. The book, in its 1984 release, was originally printed in black-and-white, and was republished and re-released with pen-and-ink watercolor style pictures and an answer-key at the end. To figure out the word puzzles, the reader needs to read the letters, numbers, and symbols aloud, pronouncing their names, not sounding them out. The picture accompanying each puzzle helps give the reader hints to the coded phrase.
Title translation.
The books title, "CDC?", translates: as "See (CEE, pronunciation of the letter c's name) the (DEE, pronunciation of the letter d's name, which sounds close to DUH, casual pronunciation of "the") Sea (CEE)?"

</doc>
<doc id="20747283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747283" title="Ugarchin Municipality">
Ugarchin Municipality

Ugarchin Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Lovech Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located from the area of the so called Fore-Balkan to the Danubian Plain. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Ugarchin.
The municipality embraces a territory of 523,10 km² with a population of 7,181 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="20747287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747287" title="Cerro Pátapo ruins">
Cerro Pátapo ruins

The Cerro Pátapo ruins or Northern Wari ruins are the remains of an entire prehistoric city relatively near the site of present-day Chiclayo, Peru. The ruins are primarily of the Wari (Huari) culture, which flourished from 350 CE to 1000 CE in the area along the coast and reaching to the highlands. 
The discovery was announced on 16 December 2008 by the lead archeologist, Cesar Soriano. The ruins both present the first evidence of Wari influence found in Northern Peru and by their quality and extent, show this was an important site. Located from Chiclayo, the ruins stretch over an area of . 
The Wari pre-Columbian civilization was predominantly based in south-central Peru between the 7th and 12th centuries (600 to 1100 CE.) It was known for having constructed a network of roads, and had a territory nearly as large as that of the later Inca Empire. Scholars note its complex, distinctive architecture, monuments and roadbuilding as evidence that it was an empire. 
Discovery.
The city was part of the Wari Empire, which ruled parts of the Andes mountains, mostly in south-central Peru, between the 7th and 12th centuries CE. The site is remarkably well preserved due to the dry desert climate. Among the artifacts are pottery sherds. The site includes evidence of human sacrifice, with special spots set aside and a pile of bones at the bottom of a cliff. Well-preserved remains have been found of one young woman. 
The ruins are expected to help scholars fill the gap in knowledge about pre-Columbian South America, which was dominated by the Wari culture and the earlier Moche culture. The Moche began at AD 100 and perished around AD 600.
Earlier in August 2008, archeologists at the Huaca Pucllana ruins in Lima (located some south of Chiclayo) discovered a mummy that is also thought to be Wari. This was a more typical location for such a find, within the territory known to be Wari.

</doc>
<doc id="20747297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747297" title="Bardhaman Sadar North subdivision">
Bardhaman Sadar North subdivision

Bardhaman Sadar North subdivision is a subdivision of the Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Bardhaman municipality, Guskara municipality and six community development blocks: Ausgram — I, Ausgram–II, Bhatar, Burdwan–I, Burdwan–II and Galsi–II. The six blocks contain 55 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Bardhaman.
Area.
Apart from the Bardhaman municipality and Guskara municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 55 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Ausgram — I, Ausgram–II, Bhatar, Burdwan–I, Burdwan–II and Galsi–II. There is no urban are under any of these six blocks.
Blocks.
Ausgram–I block.
Rural area under Ausgram–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Ausgram, Billagram, Dignagar–II, Ukta, Berenda, Dignagar–I and Guskara–II. Ausgram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Guskara.
Ausgram–II block.
Rural area under Ausgram–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Amarpur, Eral, Ramnagar, Vedia, Debshala, Kota and Valki. Bud Bud and Ausgram police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Amrargarh.
Bhatar block.
Rural area under Bhatar block consists of 14 gram panchayats, viz. Amarun–I, Banpash, Eruar, Sahebganj–I, Amarun–II, Barabeloon–I, Mahachanda, Sahebganj–II, Bolgona, Barabeloon–II, Mahata, Bamunara, Bhatar and Nityanandapur. Bhatar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bhatar.
Burdwan–I block.
Rural area under Burdwan–I block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Baghar–I, Belkash, Rayan–I, Baghar–II, Kshetia, Rayan–II, Bandul–I, Kurmun–I, Saraitikar. Bardhaman police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mirzapur and Kamnara.
Burdwan–II block.
Rural area under Burdwan–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Baikunthapur–I, Barasul–I, Kurmun–II, Baikunthapur–II, Barasul–II, Nabastha–I, Bandul–II, Gobindapur and Nabastha–II. Bardhaman and Memari police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Borsul and Borsul (Unnayani).
Galsi–II block.
Rural area under Galsi–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Adra, Gohogram, Maszidpur, Bhunri, Khano, Sanko, Galsi, Kurkuba and Satinandi. Galsi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Galsi.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20747301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747301" title="Probenecid and colchicine">
Probenecid and colchicine

Probenecid and colchicine are a combination of drugs used to treat gout.

</doc>
<doc id="20747313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747313" title="Locus Award for Best First Novel">
Locus Award for Best First Novel

Winners of the Locus Award for Best First Novel, awarded by the Locus magazine. Awards presented in a given year are for works published in the previous calendar year.
The award for Best First Novel was first presented in 1981, and is among the awards still presented (as of 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20747323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747323" title="The Informer (novel)">
The Informer (novel)

The Informer is a novel by Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty published in 1925. It received the 1925 James Tait Black Memorial Prize.
Plot summary.
Set in 1920's Dublin in the aftermath of the Irish Civil War, the novel centers on Gypo Nolan. Having disclosed the whereabouts of his friend Frankie McPhillip to the police, Gypo finds himself hunted by his revolutionary comrades for this betrayal. 
Adaptations.
Most famously, the novel was made into a film of the same name by John Ford in 1935 starring Victor McLaglen as Gypo Nolan. 
An earlier film adaptation also named "The Informer" was directed by Arthur Robison in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20747341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747341" title="Candygram For Mongo">
Candygram For Mongo

Candygram For Mongo (sometimes known as C4M) is a rock and roll band based in Los Angeles, California. The band name refers to a quote from the Mel Brooks Movie "Blazing Saddles".
Biography.
Candygram for Mongo was founded in 2005 by drummer Gary Sharp and vocalist and guitarist Tony Shea. The two had been friends for five years when they discovered a mutual interest in music. Sharp and Shea began rehearsing and writing together with the idea of creating a studio project. They enlisted the help of Johnny Dwinell (also known as "Johnny D"), a producer and musician from Los Angeles by way of Nashville who was impressed with the unique sound of the band and officially joined Candygram For Mongo as the guitarist. The band also recruited Dan Cohen, a top notch studio musician who has played and recorded with many musicians, including members of the Gigolo Aunts, Happy Stars, The Posies, The Rembrandts, and Dogs Eye View, to become the band’s permanent bassist despite his background primarily as a guitarist. The band added bassist James Baker in 2008, allowing Cohen to become the group's primary guitarist. Johnny Dwinell left the group shortly after Baker joined.
Career.
The band’s first public show was on September 3, 2006 at the Viper Room in Los Angeles. The club, once partially owned by actor Johnny Depp, is located on the Sunset Strip, and has been a launching pad for numerous bands over the last fifteen years, although it remains perhaps most notable as the last location actor River Phoenix visited prior to his death from a drug overdose in 1993.
Candygram For Mongo’s first record release was entitled “The Red Pill”. Though the term “The Red Pill” is often associated with the films in the Matrix series, the band stated that the album title is a coincidence based upon an inside joke and has nothing to do with the popular film series.
In popular culture.
The band’s music has been used on Battlestar Gallactica, which aired on the NBC owned SCI-Fi Channel. Their music was also use on Unhitched, the 2008 comedy television show produced by the Farrelly Brothers. The band members appeared as extras on Unhitched in March 2008.
Live performance.
The band has performed at world famous venues including the Viper Room, House of Blues, The Key Club, The Derby, Cat Club and the Mint. Beyond the band’s growing reputation as a live act and the national exposure from television placements, they have won a variety of numerous online competitions. The band’s song “Happy” was on the Garageband.com charts for more than six months. As a result, “Happy”, was accepted into Clear Channel’s Discover New Music Program and consequently featured on 400 Clear Channel FM Radio Station Websites.
Releases.
"Red Pill" (2007)"Candygram for Mongo" (2008)
"Bang" (2013)

</doc>
<doc id="20747358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747358" title="Il Tempo">
Il Tempo

Il Tempo is a daily Italian newspaper. It was founded in Rome, Italy by Renato Angiolillo in 1944 and currently publishes the Rome edition (available nationally) and other five local editions (Latina, Frosinone, Northern Lazio, Abruzzo and Molise).
In 1996 the former owner, Caltagirone Editore, sold the newspaper to the Italian builder Domenico Bonifaci.<br>
On October 4, 2007 the paper switched from Broadsheet format to Berliner.

</doc>
<doc id="20747374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747374" title="Eisenbahn-Romantik">
Eisenbahn-Romantik

Eisenbahn-Romantik (literally: "railway romance") is a German television programme, broadcast by SWR. It portrays railway-related reports, whose content covers modern railway systems, museum railways and their facilities as well as items on model railway layouts. Politics and criticism is not left out; the series reports on closures, controversial model ideas, delays to reconstruction plans or smart commuter transport concepts. The broadcast has been presented since its inception by 
Hagen von Ortloff.
History.
The series began on 7 April 1991 on SDR as a filler between programmes on their third channel, Südwest 3. Although the first broadcast was especially for railway fans, it was so well received by the public that the programme length was increased from half an hour to 45 minutes.
From 1994 Eisenbahn-Romantik had a fixed half-hour slot. Since autumn 2008 Eisenbahn-Romantik has been broadcast in alternating quarters with the SWR series "Rasthaus" (literally: "motorway restaurant"). During the winter and summer seasons, Eisenbahn-Romantik is shown weekly; in spring and autumn this slot is taken by "Rasthaus".
After the merger of SDR and SWF into SWR in 1998, the whole editing function had to move from Stuttgart to Baden-Baden.
Eisenbahn-Romantik is not just broadcast on SWR Fernsehen, but also on SR Fernsehen, NDR Fernsehen, hr-fernsehen, MDR Fernsehen and rbb Fernsehen programmes. 3sat shows several programmes per week on an irregular basis. The average number of viewers is about one million.
A list of all episodes ( in German, and called folgen) can be found here at www.swr.de.
Production.
As a rule the series are pre-recorded. The occasional special broadcast "Lange Nacht der Eisenbahn-Romantik" ("Long night of railway romance"), an extended version lasting several hours, is transmitted live. In addition to the usual presentation of short reports, Hagen von Ortloff talks to interesting railway fans and railway modellers in the studio.
The programmes are mainly recorded today by Jo Jung, who shared this task in earlier series with Peter Schurr.
Since the anniversary in December 2006 the programme has been produced and broadcast in format.
Themes.
A selection of the themes covered to date is given below:
Title music and logo.
The song "Sentimental Journey" by Les Brown is always played at the beginning of the broadcast and sometimes at the end during the credits. The steam locomotive 99 633, which is homed at Ochsenhausen today, has featured in the introduction since the first broadcast in 1991. In addition it appears in the programme logo.
Eisenbahn-Romantik Club.
For dedicated fans (including family members for a minimal surcharge) the "Eisenbahn-Romantik-Club" was founded. It has a magazine and a fan shop.
Special rail journeys.
On occasions, special railway trips - usually with historic trains and steam traction− are organised and run in Germany and abroad. The film material produced on these trips is then used in the following programme(s). Journeys lasting one or more days have been run, for example, to north of the Arctic Circle, to the motherland of all steam engines or through the French, Swiss, Italian and Austrian Alps as well as into neighbouring countries of the former Eastern Bloc.
Similar programmes.
A monthly programme, also half-an-hour long and along similar lines, but especially focussed on central Germany, is produced and broadcast by MDR under the title "Bahnzeit".

</doc>
<doc id="20747381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747381" title="3rd Brigade, Polish Legions">
3rd Brigade, Polish Legions

Brigade III of the Polish Legions () was a unit of the Austro-Hungarian Army, manned by Austrian Poles. It was formed in 1915, existed till 1917, and was a part of the Polish Legions in World War I.
History.
The Third Brigade was formed on 8 May 1915, as part of the Polish Legions in World War I. 
The Brigade commanders included: Zygmunt Zieliński (April 1915 - September 1915), Wiktor Grzesicki (September 1915 - July 1916), Stanisław Szeptycki (July 1916 - October 1916), and Bolesław Roja (?).
In 1917 the III Brigade together with the I Brigade followed Józef Piłsudski during the Oath crisis, refusing to swear the oath, and was disbanded.
Battles.
Major battles fought by the Second Brigade included:
Organization.
The Third Brigade comprised 2 infantry regiments (the 4th, 5th and the 6th periodically served in it), a cavalry regiment (the 3rd), artillery battalions, and support units.

</doc>
<doc id="20747402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747402" title="Vittorio Leonardo">
Vittorio Leonardo

Vittorio Leonardo, born in Italy in 1947, is a colorist of some famous Franco-Belgian comics series. He worked for "Spirou" magazine and founded the Studio Leonardo, which continued his work.
Biography.
Vittorio Leonardo was born in Italy. He left his motherland to Belgium in 1947. After various graphic experiences (charcoal, models, oil paintings), Vittorio Leonardo finally dedicated himself to the comic strip. He met Morris and kept in touch with him.
With the help of Morris, but also Franquin, Peyo and Remacle, Leonardo created the comics series "Barbotine" which allowed him to be hired by "Spirou" magazine. He took over "Hultrasson" and cereated "Superdog" and "Bardolino". He also wrote some scenarios, among them Boule et Bill. Hired by Morris' Lucky Productions, he is entrusting the drawing of some "Rantanplan" albums, published each week in Télé Star from 1993. He specially contributed to the albums "Bêtisier 3", "Bêtisier 5", "Les Cerveaux", "Bêtisier 4", and "Le Grand Voyage", written by Bob de Groot.
Studio Leonardo.
The Studio Leonardo colors a large part of the comics series published in Spirou. They use computer systems developed by Vittorio Leonardo and his son, Jourdan. Their colleagues Studio Cerise, also working for Spirou, mainly color manually.

</doc>
<doc id="20747418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747418" title="Brendan Murphy (hurler)">
Brendan Murphy (hurler)

Brendan Murphy (born 1980 in Ballyskenach, County Offaly) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Ballyskenagh and has been a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team since 2000. On 2 November 2012, Murphy retired from inter-county GAA.

</doc>
<doc id="20747434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747434" title="Scoil an Chroí Ró Naofa">
Scoil an Chroí Ró Naofa

Scoil An Chroi Ro Naofa is a boys national school situated in Blarney village in County Cork
History.
Scoil An Chroi Ro Naofa Boys' National School, St Anne's Road, Blarney, Co. Cork is a Catholic boys' primary school catering for approximately 154 pupils. Situated in the village of Blarney, it provides an education as laid down in the Primary School Curriculum of the Department of Education and Science.

</doc>
<doc id="20747443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747443" title="Rregula">
Rregula

Rregula is the stage name of Ross Deschamp, a Drum and Bass DJ, and producer.
Based out of Perth, Western Australia, he started making Drum & Bass in 2001 after listening to the sounds of Sinthetix, Rob F, Skynet, SKC, Cause 4 Concern, and Black Sun Empire.
In 2003, Rregula collaborated with fellow local producer Phetsta under the shared alias “Bad Robot”. Together they had some successful releases, such as 2006's "Forever" on Black Sun Empire recordings. 
Soon after, Rregula turned to solo production and has released many singles and more recently the "Where Am I?" ep on Shadybrain recordings 

</doc>
<doc id="20747470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747470" title="Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision">
Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision

Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision is a subdivision of the Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Memari municipality and six community development blocks: Khandaghosh, Jamalpur, Memari–I, Memari –II, Raina–I and Raina–II. The six blocks contain 58 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Memari.
Area.
Apart from the Memari municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 58 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Khandaghosh, Jamalpur, Memari–I, Memari –II, Raina–I and Raina–II. There is no urban area under any of these six blocks.
Blocks.
Khandaghosh block.
Rural area under Khandaghosh block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Berugram, Khandaghosh, Shankari–I, Ukhrid, Gopalbera, Lodna, Shankari–II, Kaiyar, Sagrai and Sasanga. Khandaghosh police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sagrai.
Jamalpur block.
Rural area under Jamalpur block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Abujhati–I, Chakdighi, Jarogram, Paratal–II, Abujhati–II, Jamalpur–I, Jyotsreeram, Ajhapur, Jamalpur–II, Panchrah, Berugram, Jaugram, Paratal–I. Jamalpur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jamalpur.
Memari–I block.
Rural area under Memari–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Amadpur, Daluibazar–II, Gop–Gantar–I, Nimo–II, Bagila, Debipur, Gop–Gantar–II, Daluibazar–I, Durgapur and Nimo–I. Memari police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Memari.
Memari–II block.
Rural area under Memari–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Bara Palasan–I, Bijur–II, Kuchut, Bara Palasan–II, Bohar–I, Satgachhia–I, Bijur–I, Bohar–II, Satgachhia–II. Memari police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Paharhati.
Raina–I block.
Rural area under Raina–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Hijalna, Narugram, Palsona, Sehara, Mugura, Natu, Raina and Shyamsundar. Raina and Madhabdihi police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Shyamsundar.
Raina–II block.
Rural area under Raina–II block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Arui, Gotan, Pahalanpur, Painta–II, Barabainan, Kaiti, Painta–I and Uchalan. Madhabdihi police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Madhabdihi.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20747490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747490" title="David Waller">
David Waller

David Waller (27 November 1920 – 23 January 1997) was an English actor best known for his role as Inspector Jowett in the British television series "Cribb". He also appeared as Stanley Baldwin in ITV's "Edward and Mrs Simpson".
Waller worked extensively in the theatre and was a mainstay at the Royal Shakespeare Company from its founding until the early 1980s. He played Bottom in the original cast of Peter Brook's celebrated 1970 Royal Shakespeare Company production of A Midsummer Night's Dream.
He died in 1997 and was survived by his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20747513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747513" title="Greeks in Zimbabwe">
Greeks in Zimbabwe

Greek Zimbabweans () comprise about 2,500 people of Greek origin, almost half of them from Cyprus island. Zimbabwe currently hosts eleven Greek Orthodox churches and fifteen Greek associations and humanitarian organizations.
History.
The Greek community in Zimbabwe numbered between 13,000 and 15,000 people in 1972 but following the deterioration of Zimbabwe's domestic and financial situation has been reduced to a fraction of its former size. The country's highest-scoring flying ace of World War II, John Plagis, was the son of Greek immigrants from the island of Lemnos.
Present situation.
The local Greek community and Greece itself are active in the field of humanitarian assistance to Zimbabwe. Apart from a few landowners and businesspeople the majority of Greeks in the country are occupied in trade and other activities that contribute considerably to the country's economy. There are Greek communities in various cities in the country, including Bulawayo, Mutare, Gweru and Harare where the local community has been operating a Greek school since 1954. The Holy Archbishopric of Zimbabwe and Southern Africa is under the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="20747516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747516" title="Fidel Martínez">
Fidel Martínez

Fidel Martínez (born February 15, 1990) is an Ecuadorian soccer player who plays midfield for Club Tijuana.
Club history.
Youth club career.
He started his career in Caribe Junior, where the Ecuadorian star played during his youth years. He showed his skills in the 2007 Pan American Games held in Brazil, where the Ecuadorian soccer team won the gold medal, and Fidel was a key player for the team. Independiente José Terán acquired his services and then sold him to Cruzeiro for an unknown fee.
Deportivo Quito.
2010 season.
After a move to Deportivo Quito,Fidel debuted on October 16, 2010 against El Nacional. And scored his only goal of the season against ESPOLI. He would finish his debut season with 9 games, 1 goal and 1 assist.
2011 season.
2011 would prove to be Fidel's dream season, playing 30 games, assisted 5 times and scored 9 goals, 1 of which was scored in the 1st leg of the Serie A final against Emelec. Fidel scored his first goal of the 2011 season on May 14, against Quito club Espoli. He would later score 7 more league goals plus one vital finish past the Emelec goalkeeper. Thus winning the 2011 season.
2012 season.
Fidel kicked of the 2012 season against Macara. On February 7, 2012 Fidel played his first ever Copa Libertadores match against Chivas de Guadalajara. On March 7, Fidel scored his first ever goal in the tournament against Velez Sarsfield in an emphatic 3-0 win over the Argentine team. On March 11, he scored his first league goal against Deportivo Cuenca in a 4-1 away win. On April 17, Fidel played a vital game against Mexican gianst Chivas de Guadalajara in a historic 5-0 win in which Fidel scored the 3rd goal at 65 minutes game time. The emphatic win over the Mexican club was seen in Mexico as a complete humiliation and gave praise to the Ecuadorian club. Fidel played all 6 games of the 2012 Copa Libertadores Group Stage, contributing 2 goals and 2 assists to help Deportivo Quito qualify to the Round of 16, an accomplishment not achieved since the 1989 Copa Libertadores. He scored his 3rd Copa Libertadores goal in the Round of 16 against the powerful Chilean club Universidad de Chile in a 4-1 win.
Club Tijuana.
2012–13 season.
On May 22, 2012 The president of Deportivo Quito Fernando Mantilla confirmed the purchase of Martinez by
Tijuana for an undisclosed fee. Martinez made his professional debut with Xolos on July 20, coming on as a substitute in a 2-0 win over Puebla FC. Fidel scored his first goal in a Copa MX draw against Pumas, in a 2–2 away draw. On December 2, Martínez and Tijuana won their first ever first division league title, Martínez assisted both goals in Tijuana 2–0 away victory over Toluca.
Martínez scored his goal of the year in a 4–0 Copa Libertadores match against San Jose of Bolivia, also assisting one goal. He later scored a late winner against Colombia's Millonarios at the last minute, and against Brazilian giants Atletico Mineiro in a 2-2 home draw, scoring a total of 4 goals in 10 Copa Libertadores games played.
2013–14 season.
For the 2013-14 Liga MX season Fidel had been given the club's number 10 jersey. On August 4, Fidel scored his first goal of the season, in a 2-1 loss to Monarcas Morelia. A week later on August 10, he scored his second, in a 2-0 home win over Pumas UNAM. On August 23 Fidel scored his third, in a 1-1 home draw against Santos Laguna. On August 9 he scored his first goal ever in a Concacaf Champions League group match, defeating Firpo 1-0. On September 7, Fidel scored his first brace of the season in a 3-0 home win over Veracruz. On September 16 Fidel scored in a 2-2 away draw against Chivas. On October 4 he scored the winning goal in a 1-0 home win over Querétaro.
International career.
He has been called up for the senior national team debuting on December 17, 2008 in a tournament in Oman, scoring the winning goal against Iran. He will be called up to play in the 2009 South American Youth Championship. After a 5 Year absence from the national team, Martínez was called up by Reinaldo Rueda for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Uruguay and Chile.
Honors.
Club.
Deportivo Quito
Sport Clube do Recife
Série A campeonato brasileiro.
Club Tijuana
National Team.
Ecuador U-20

</doc>
<doc id="20747529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747529" title="Matt Dyson">
Matt Dyson

Matt Dyson (born August 1, 1972) is the head coach for the George Mason University NCFA football team. He played college football for the University of Michigan. Matt Dyson was selected in the fifth round of the 1995 NFL Draft by the Oakland Raiders. He played two years for the Raiders before retiring due to injury.
High School Career.
Dyson attended La Plata High School in La Plata, Maryland, where he began his football career.
College career.
Dyson played college football at University of Michigan as #91 outside linebacker (OLB), where he was twice selected to the All Big-Ten Conference First Team and once to the Second Team. In 1992, on the way to winning a Rose Bowl rematch versus the University of Washington, he achieved All-American status. In 1994, he was selected as the Defensive MVP of the Holiday Bowl in San Diego, California. In 1995, the Oakland Raiders selected him in the fifth round of the NFL Draft.
While starting for the Wolverines, Dyson played alongside Trevor Pryce, former defensive end (DE) for the Denver Broncos, Baltimore Ravens, and New York Jets, Ty Law, former cornerback (CB) for the New England Patriots, New York Jets, Kansas City Chiefs, and Denver Broncos, Amani Toomer, former wide receiver (WR) for the New York Giants, Elvis Grbac, former quarterback (QB) for the San Francisco 49ers, Kansas City Chiefs, and Baltimore Ravens, Brian Griese, former quarterback (QB) for the Denver Broncos, Miami Dolphins, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, & Chicago Bears, and Tyrone Wheatley, former running back (RB) for the New York Giants and Oakland Raiders and current running backs coach of the Buffalo Bills.
NFL career.
Rookie Season.
Dyson was selected in the fifth round of the 1995 NFL Draft by the Oakland Raiders.
He was twice selected Rookie of the Week and once named Most Likely to Excel. He played two years for the Raiders before retiring due to injury.
Personal.
Dyson is currently married to Sara Dyson.

</doc>
<doc id="20747543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747543" title="2008 PGA Tour of Australasia">
2008 PGA Tour of Australasia

The 2008 PGA Tour of Australasia was a series of men's professional golf events played mainly in Australia and New Zealand. The main tournaments on the PGA Tour of Australasia are played in the southern summer so they are split between the first and last months of the year. The tour's developmental series, known as the Von Nida Tour was played in the middle of the year.
Main tournament results.
The table below shows the 2008 schedule. It only lists official money events on the main tour. For a complete table of events recognised by the PGA Tour of Australasia, including Von Nida Tour events and World Golf Championships see the official site. The number in brackets after each winner's name is the number of PGA Tour of Australasia events he had won up to and including that tournament. This information is only shown for PGA Tour of Australasia members.
Leading money winners.
Inflation: A$100 in 2008 equals A$110.11 in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20747545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747545" title="Sara Snow">
Sara Snow

Sara Carinne Redmond (born July 20, 1976) is an American-born organic foods advocate, best known as the star of the Fit TV show "Get Fresh With Sara Snow".
Snow discusses global warming, the harmful effects of meat production, the benefits of recycling, the environmental benefit of going organic, the vegetarian ethic and to a lesser extent the ethics of veganism.
Snow is a strong supporter of the Gaia hypothesis.
Early life.
Redmond was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, to parents Tim and Pattie Redmond. Her parents are credited with helping to bring the natural food movement to America, to help mainstream "alternative" foods, such as soy milk, through their company Eden Foods.
The Redmonds put great emphasis on the concept "you are what you eat". They wanted their children to eat as healthy and as natural as possible. This concept is later explored in Sara's speeches and on "Get Fresh with Sara Snow". The family believes that eating a raw foods diet, with foods grown close to where one lives, is better for the body and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20747555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747555" title="Tervel Municipality">
Tervel Municipality

Tervel Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Dobrich Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in Southern Dobruja geographical region, about 30 km south of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Tervel.
The municipality embraces a territory of 579.7 km² with a population of 17,458 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
More significant tourist sights in the area include the early Byzantine cave monasteries around the villages of Balik and Brestnitsa dating to the 5th-6th century.
Settlements.
Tervel Municipality includes the following 26 places; all of them are villages: 
Demography.
The municipality has a mixed population consisting mostly of Bulgarians (45.8% according to 2001 census data), Turks (40.7%) and Romani (12.9%). 
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 
References.
References1.^ a b c (English) Bulgarian National Statistical Institute - Bulgarian provinces and municipalities in 2009
2.^ (English) Bulgarian National Statistical Institute - Bulgarian towns in 2009
3.^ (English) Bulgarian National Statistical Institute - Bulgarian villages under 1000 inhabitants - December 2009
4.^ (English) Bulgarian National Statistical Institute - Bulgarian Settlements 1000-5000 inhabitants - December 2009
5.^ National Statistical Institute - Census 2001
6.^ „pop-stat.mashke.org“

</doc>
<doc id="20747581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747581" title="Now (Peter Frampton album)">
Now (Peter Frampton album)

Now is the 12th studio album released by Peter Frampton through 33rd Street Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="20747606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747606" title="Dunaszekcső">
Dunaszekcső

Dunaszekcső () is a village in Baranya County, Hungary. The city is on the right bank (i.e. the west side) of the Danube River. Residents are Magyars, with minority of Serbs and Danube Swabians. 

</doc>
<doc id="20747612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747612" title="St Augustine's Church, Hedon">
St Augustine's Church, Hedon

St Augustine's Church, Hedon is a Church of England parish church located in Hedon, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The church is a Grade I listed building.
History.
The church dates from the Middle Ages. The oldest part of the church dates from 1190.
It is commonly known as the King of Holderness.
Description from 1831.
The church, a rectory dedicated to St Augustine of Hippo, is an Anglican church, valued in the parliamentary returns at £117 per annum. Patron, the sub-dean of York Minster. This church is held with the vicarage of Preston. It is the most interesting specimen of early pointed architecture in Holderness, and has recently been restored and carefully repaired under the direction of the rector, the Rev. W. Wasse, LL.D. In plan, it consists of a nave and aisles, transepts and chancel, with a handsome and lofty tower at the intersection. The west front is plain, and has a pointed window of five lights. The north side of the nave is made into five divisions by small buttresses, terminating beneath the parapet in angular caps. In each portion, except the second from the west, are pointed windows of three lights, with elegant tracery in the sweep of the arch; in the remaining division is a pointed doorway, with a trefoil head and pedimental canopy. The clerestory exhibits five small pointed windows, and the finish is an embattled parapet. The transept, though much mutilated and defaced, is an interesting specimen of early architecture. It has heavy buttresses at the angles, and in the centre is an elegant recessed doorway, the mouldings resting on dwarf columns. Above this doorway are two stories of windows, three in each, and all enriched with the small flower moulding so common in works of the period. The north side of the chancel has also two stories of windows; the upper are filled up and the lower partly open. The east end is similar to the portion of the church just noticed.
The south side of the church is similar to the north, except in the transept, which has a large pointed window of five lights, with cinquefoil tracery; and beneath it a circular-headed doorway, of simple but particularly deep mouldings. They rest on three columns, with leaved capitals. Opposite the door is the mutilated effigy of a man in chain armour. The tower, which rises to a considerable height and is a prominent object in every view of Hedon, has double buttresses at the angles, and one in the centre of each face: there are two stories of pointed windows, two in each story, and each having three lights with tracery. The finish of this bold and handsome design is a pierced battlement of particular beauty, and each buttress has a crocketed pinnacle, with smaller ones disposed at regular intervals. The interior, since the late judicious and well-timed repairs have been executed, has assumed an air of respectability proper to the church of a corporate and borough town. The nave is separated from the aisles by five pointed arches, resting on column formed by a union of eight cylinders, with plain capitals. One entire intercolumination at the west end is occupied by a gallery, in which is an elegant organ, erected in 1829.
Current state.
The church is in a poor state of repair and has launched a £4,000,000 appeal for its restoration.
Organ.
The organ was built by Arthur Nelson in 1926. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20747617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747617" title="Brodiaea orcuttii">
Brodiaea orcuttii

Brodiaea orcuttii is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common name Orcutt's brodiaea. 
The bulb is native to Southern California, mainly San Diego County, where it is an uncommon species. Its range probably extends into Baja California. 
Description.
"Brodiaea orcuttii" is a perennial producing an inflorescence up to 25 centimeters tall which bears flowers on pedicels each a few centimeters long. The flower has six purple tepals each between 1 and 2 centimeters long. This is the only brodiaea that lacks staminodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20747629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747629" title="2001 Indian Wells Masters – Men's Singles">
2001 Indian Wells Masters – Men's Singles

Àlex Corretja was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Patrick Rafter.
Andre Agassi won in the final 7–6(7–5), 7–5, 6–1 against Pete Sampras.

</doc>
<doc id="20747670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747670" title="Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph">
Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph

The Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph, or "Kettering ET" as it is nicknamed, is the local newspaper for Kettering Northamptonshire. It is based at Newspaper House in Rothwell Road, Kettering, and has since 1996 been part of the Johnston Press newspaper group. The paper also has district offices in Wellingborough, Rushden and Corby. 
The "Kettering Evening Telegraph" is published in full colour every Thursday. There are two editions of the paper printed; one distributed in Corby and the other in Kettering, Wellingborough, Rushden and the surrounding areas. In Spring 2012 the decision was made by the newspaper's owners, the Johnston Press, that the newspaper would become a weekly publication, along with several other local newspapers. 
The paper has been published continuously since 4 October 1897. A sports edition, the "Football Telegraph", was also published until 1914 and again from 1921 to 1939.
History and ownership.
The East Midland Allied Press was formed in 1947 by merger of the Northamptonshire Printing and Publishing Co. with the Peterborough Advertiser Co., the West Norfolk and King's Lynn Newspaper Co. and commercial printing sections at Rushden, King's Lynn and Bury St. Edmunds. It was overseen by Pat Winfrey, the son of Sir Richard Winfrey, who had bought the "Spalding Guardian" in 1887. In 1996, Emap, as it had become known, divested 69 newspapers, including the "Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph".
The "Evening Telegraph" and its sister paper, the "Northampton Chronicle & Echo", are now owned by Northamptonshire Newspapers Ltd., part of Johnston Press. The separate "Peterborough Evening Telegraph", owned by another Johnston subsidiary, began as localised edition with four change pages in 1948. Between 1946 and 1976, four geographically distinct editions were published with up to three change pages. From 1988, Kettering, Corby, Wellingborough and East Northants. editions were recommenced with minor page changes.

</doc>
<doc id="20747692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747692" title="Meiron">
Meiron

Meiron (, "Mayrûn"; ) was a Palestinian village, located west of Safad. Associated with the ancient Canaanite city of "Merom", excavations at the site have found extensive remains from the Hellenistic and Early Roman periods. The remains include a 3rd-century synagogue, and Meiron served as a prominent local religious centre at the time. 
From the 13th century onward, Meiron was a popular site for Jewish pilgrims. During Ottoman rule in Palestine, the Jewish population fluctuated considerably, with at least two thirds of the population being Arab Muslims. Landownership in the village was nonetheless split almost evenly between Arabs and Jews. Depopulated in two waves over the course of the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, the moshav of Meron was founded in its place in 1949 by Israeli soldiers who fought in that war.
History.
Ancient.
The association of Meiron with the ancient Canaanite city of "Merom" or "Maroma" is generally accepted, though the absence of hard archaeological evidence means other sites a little further north, such as Marun as-Ras or Jebel Marun, have also been considered. "Merom" is mentioned in 2nd milleniun BCE Egyptian sources, and in Tiglath-pileser III's accounts of his expedition to the Galilee in 733-732 BCE (where it is transcribed as "Marum"). 
Soundings conducted below the floors of houses excavated in the 1970s indicate the presence of even earlier structures with a different layout. While these lower levels have not yet been excavated, the possibility that they date back to the Early Bronze Age was not ruled out by the archaeologists. A handful of artifacts dating to the Early Bronze Age, including seal impressions and a basalt bowl, were also found during the digs.
According to Avraham Negev, an Israeli archaeologist, by the Second Temple period, Merom was known as Meiron. It is mentioned in the Talmud as being a village in which sheep were reared, that was also renowned for its olive oil. The Reverend R. Rappaport ventured that merino, the celebrated wool, may have its etymological roots in the name for the village.
Classical Antiquity.
Excavations at Meiron found artifacts dating to the Hellenistic period at the foundation of the site. The economic and cultural affinities of the inhabitants of the Meiron area at this time were directed toward the north, to Tyre and southern Syria in general. Josephus fortified Meiron in the 1st century CE and called the town "Mero" or "Meroth"; however, Negev writes that Meroth, another ancient town, was located further north, possibly at the site of Marun as-Ras.
A tower which still stands at a height of was constructed in Meiron in the 2nd century CE. In the last decade of the 3rd century CE, a synagogue was erected in the village. Known as the Meiron synagogue, it survived an earthquake in 306 CE, though excavations at the site indicate that it was severely damaged or destroyed by another earthquake in 409 CE. "One of the largest Palestinian synagogues in the basilica style," it is the earliest example of the so-called 'Galilean' synagogue, and consists of a large room with eight columns on each side leading to the facade and a three-doored entrance framed by a columned portico. Artifacts uncovered during digs at the site include a coin of Probus (276-282 CE) and African ceramics dating to the latter half of the 3rd century, indicating that the city was commercially prosperous at the time. Coins found in Mieron are mostly from Tyre, though a large number are also from Hippos, which lay on the other side of Lake Tiberias. Peregrine Horden and Nicholas Purcell write that Meiron was a prominent local religious centre in the period of late Antiquity. Some time in the 4th century CE, Meiron was abandoned for reasons as yet unknown.
Islamic era.
Denys Pringle describes Meiron as a "ormer Jewish village," with a synagogue and tombs dating to the 3rd and 4th centuries, noting the site was later reoccupied between 750 and 1399. 
In the 12th century, Benjamin de Tudela, a Navarrese rabbi, visited Meiron and described a cave of tombs located there believed to hold the remains of Hillel, Shammai, and "twenty of their disciples and other Rabbis." On his visit to Meiron in 1210, Samuel ben Samson, a French rabbi, located the tombs of Shimon Bar Yochai and his son Eleazar there. A contemporary of the second Jewish revolt against Rome (132-135 CE), Bar Yochai is venerated by Moroccan Jews, whose veneration of saints is thought to be an adaptation of local Muslim customs. From the 13th century onward, Meiron became the most frequented site of pilgrimage for Jews in Palestine.
In the early 14th century, Arab geographer al-Dimashqi mentioned Meiron as falling under the administration of Safad. He reported that it was located near a "well-known cave" where Jews and possibly non-Jewish locals traveled to celebrate a festival, which involved witnessing the sudden and miraculous rise of water from basins and sarcophagi in the cave.
A similar story was told by the Turkish traveller Evliya Çelebi, who visited about 1648. As the Jewish festival approached, thousands of people, "mostly Druzes, Timānis, Yezīdies and Mervāvis", gathered inside the cave. Then on the day of the festival, large rock basins that were usually dry miraculously filled with water. The water was thought to be a single tear of Yaqub (Jacob) and had marvelous healing properties. As "Meiron water", it was exported to many countries.
Palestine was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1517, and by 1596, Meiron was a large village of 715 located in the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Jira, part of "Sanjak Safad". The village paid taxes on goats, beehives, and a press that processed either grapes or olives.
Meiron suffered relatively minor damage in the Galilee earthquake of 1837. It was reported that during the earthquake the walls of the tombs of Rabbi Eleazer and Rabbi She-Maun were dislodged, but did not collapse. 
A number of European travellers came to Meiron over the course of the 19th century and their observations from the time are documented in travel journals. Edward Robinson, who visited Meiron during his travels in Palestine and Syria in the mid-19th century, describes it as "a very old looking village situated on a ledge of bristling rocks near the foot of the mountain. The ascent is by a very steep and ancient road [...] It is small, and inhabited only by Muhammedans." The tombs of Shimon bar Yochai, his son R. Eleazar, and those of Hillel and Shammai are located by Robinson as lying within a khan-like courtyard underneath low-domed structures that were usually kept closed with the keys held in Safad. Robinson indicates that this place was the focal point of Jewish pilgrimage activities by his time; the synagogue is described as being in ruins. 
Laurence Oliphant also visited Meiron sometime in the latter half of the 19th century. His guide there was a Sephardic rabbi who owned the land that made up the Jewish quarter of the village. Oliphant writes that the rabbi had brought 6 Jewish families from Morocco to till the land, and that they and another 12 Muslim families made up the whole of the village's population at the time. Karl Baedeker described it as a small village that appeared quite old with a Muslim population. By the late 19th century, Meiron was a small village of 50 people who cultivated olives.
British Mandate Palestine.
Towards the end of World War I, the ruins of the Meiron synagogue were acquired by the "Fund for the Redemption of Historical Sites" ("Qeren le-Geulat Meqomot Histori'im"), a Jewish society headed by David Yellin. Until at least 1931, Meiron consisted of an Arab and Jewish quarter, with the former being the larger one and the latter being built around the tomb of bar Yochai. That year, there were 259 Arabs and 31 Jews. Sami Hadawi's 1945 survey, conducted toward the end of the British Mandate in Palestine, depicted an entirely Arab population. Meiron had a boy's elementary school. Agriculture and livestock was the dominant economic sectors of the village, with grain being the primary crop, followed by fruits. Around 200 dunams of land were planted with olive trees, and there were two presses in the village used to process olives.
1948 War.
Meiron's villagers were driven out in two waves: one shortly after the capture of Safad by Haganah on 10–11 May 1948, and the other at the end of October 1948, after Meiron itself was occupied. According to Nazzal, three Israeli planes bombed Meiron, together with the villages of Tarshiha, Safsaf and Jish during Operation Hiram on October 28, and many villagers were killed.
Modern day.
The Israeli moshav of Meron, established in 1949, currently sits on the lands of the former Palestinian village. Excavations were carried out in ancient Meiron in 1971-72, 1974–75, and 1977 by Eric M. and Carol L. Meyers.
Jewish pilgrimages to Meiron continue to be held annually on Lag ba'Omer, which falls between Passover and Shavuot, at which time hundreds of thousands of Sephardic Jews gather at the tomb of Shimon bar Yochai to partake in days of festivities, that include the lighting of bonfires at night.

</doc>
<doc id="20747715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747715" title="Brodiaea pallida">
Brodiaea pallida

Brodiaea pallida is a rare species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common name Chinese Camp brodiaea.
Distribution.
"Brodiaea pallida" is endemic to California, where it is known from a two populations along the border between Tuolumne and Calaveras Counties.
The first population is at the Type locality near Chinese Camp and contains a varying number of individuals which has been estimated at 600 to 5000. This population is limited to a 65-acre tract of land which is privately owned. The plant was federally listed as a threatened species in 1998. In the year 2000, a second population was discovered 24 kilometers away, and it may contain up to 10,000 individuals. The species is threatened by development of its habitat.
Description.
"Brodiaea pallida" is a perennial producing an inflorescence up to about 20 centimeters tall bearing pale purple flowers on short pedicels. Each flower has six strongly curving tepals about a centimeter long. In the center of the flower are three erect white, notch-tipped sterile stamens called staminodes, each about as long as the tepals. Within these are the fertile stamens. Flowering occurs in late May and early June.
Conservation.
This plant grows in mixed soils of volcanic and serpentine origin in vernally moist areas of grassland next to intermittent streams. At the time it was placed on the endangered species list, it was known only from a strip of land under 0.8 kilometers long and just 6 meters wide, and was at risk for extinction from any one destructive event. The population had been fragmented and part was destroyed by construction activity in 1982. It was listed as a threatened species rather than an endangered species because no further disturbance was planned for the area at the time. The second population is also located on privately owned land. It is on the outskirts of the town of Copperopolis, and it is in a zone slated for residential construction. Even if development does not occur at the locations of the plants, development activity nearby could still affect them by altering the flow of the streams, increasing runoff, or encouraging development of roads and firebreaks.
The genetic variability of the populations is unknown because it reproduces vegetatively by cloning as well as sexually by seed.

</doc>
<doc id="20747718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747718" title="Disney Channel (Poland)">
Disney Channel (Poland)

"For the Disney Channel in other countries, see Disney Channel (international). For the original Disney Channel, see Disney Channel USA."
Disney Channel Poland is an edition of the The Walt Disney Company-owned Disney Channel broadcasting to Poland. In Poland there are also available Disney XD and Disney Junior.
History.
The Channel started on December 2, 2006 at 17:00 (GMT+1) with film "The Incredibles". It was started with Disney shows: ', "Brandy and Mr. Whiskers", "Kim Possible", ', "The Emperor's New School", "Classic Cartoons", "Fillmore!", "Goof Troop", "House of Mouse", "Lloyd in Space", "Recess", "The Buzz on Maggie", "The Legend of Tarzan", "Quack Pack", "Hannah Montana", "Boy Meets World", "Phil of the Future", "Smart Guy", "That's So Raven", "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and Nickelodeon show "The Fairly OddParents". Soon, the channel had got many films, new shows, programs and Disney Channel Games. On May 1, 2011 the channel changed logo.
Programming blocks.
Disney Junior.
Disney Junior broadcasts every day from 6 am to 8 am. Shows include Handy Manny, Imagination Movers, Jake and the Never Land Pirates, Jungle Junction, Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Special Agent Oso, The Hive, Timmy Time.
Movie Block.
This block broadcast Disney Movies. Film Time! block broadcasts every Saturday & Sunday at 10 30' a.m and 7 pm..

</doc>
<doc id="20747730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747730" title="If You Could Say It in Words">
If You Could Say It in Words

If You Could Say it in Words is a 2008 American romance film film written and directed by Nicholas Gray. It focuses on the relationship between two disparate individuals. The film played at multiple American film festivals in 2008-09. It has also been screened in connection with autism "awareness" programs in Nebraska in 2009 and by the Dutch Ministry of Health's during Autism "Awareness" Week in 2010. The film will be distributed on DVD in North America by Vanguard Cinema in November 2010.
Plot.
Nelson Hodge is a lower class painter with undiagnosed Asperger syndrome who is immersed in completing a triptych of emotion paintings. Sadie Mitchell is attempting to get her life back in order while sacrificing in most areas of her life. The two meet by chance and engage in an awkward romance that starts to bring their flaws to the surface.
Critical reception.
Alex Plank, founder of the Wrong Planet community for autism and autism spectrum disorders, first discussed the film on the organization's website with a February 2008 interview with actor Alvin Keith and director Nicholas Gray. In September 2008 he wrote a review in which he described his appreciation for the film's three-dimensional and unexaggerated interpretation of the disorder, calling it "...the most authentic portrayal of an autistic person I've ever seen in the movies." 
New York Film Critics Circle member, Mike d'Angelo, gave special praise to actress Marin Ireland, calling her work "...one of the most stunning performances I've seen in the past couple of years — easily my top Best Actress pick for various polls and surveys, at this writing, should the film get a New York commercial release." 
Awards and nominations.
The film was named Best Feature and Best of Festival at the 2008 Derby City Film Festival in Louisville, Kentucky.
The film's West Coast premiere was at the 2009 Method Fest in Calabasas Ca, near Los Angeles. Method Fest is named after the famous "Method" school of acting, showcases breakout acting performances in character and story-driven films. At this festival the film was presented by award-winning writer Dennis Lehane and earned nominations for Outstanding Achievement in Low Budget Filmmaking and for Best Actress (Marin Ireland).

</doc>
<doc id="20747733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747733" title="Language exchange">
Language exchange

Language exchange is a method of language learning based on mutual language practicing by learning partners who are speakers of different languages. Language exchange is sometimes called Tandem language learning.
In modern contexts, "language exchange" most often refers to mutual teaching of partners' first languages. Language exchanges are generally considered helpful for developing language proficiency, especially in speaking fluency and listening comprehension. Language exchanges that take place through writing or text chats, also improve reading comprehension and writing ability. Given that language exchanges generally take place between native speakers of different languages, there is also the side benefit of improving cross-cultural communication.
History.
This practice have long been used by individuals to exchange knowledge of foreign languages. For example, John Milton gave Roger Williams an opportunity to practice in Hebrew, Greek, Latin, and French, while receiving lessons in Dutch in exchange.
Language exchange in education.
Universities are increasingly experimenting with language exchanges as part of the language learning curriculum. In this respect, language exchanges have a similar role as study abroad programs and language immersion programs in creating an environment where the language student must use the foreign language for genuine communication outside of a classroom setting.
In addition, various offline organizations exist to facilitate language exchanges, such as Tandem language learning and Unilang.
Effectiveness.
Language exchanges have also been viewed as a helpful tool to aid language learning at language schools. Language exchanges tend to benefit oral proficiency, fluency, colloquial vocabulary acquisition, and vernacular usage.
However, there are also concerns that language exchanges cannot be used as a substitute for formal language education, given the difficulty of using language exchanges in learning formal grammar and writing skills.
Technology.
With the growth of the internet social networks and voice-over-IP technologies, language exchanges have become an increasingly popular option for language learners. Language learning social networks now offer students the ability to find language partners around the world, and speak or text chat through instant messengers. This has allowed students who previously could not find foreign language partners to search online for native speakers of that language.

</doc>
<doc id="20747734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747734" title="Mark D. Benigni">
Mark D. Benigni

Mark D. Benigni (born 1972) is the former Mayor of Meriden, Connecticut, USA. Benigni was re-elected three times.
Benigni earned a bachelor's degree in business from Western Connecticut State University, and master's and doctorate degrees in education from the University of Hartford. After serving on the Meriden City Council, he was first elected mayor as an independent in 2001.
On June 30, 2008, Benigni resigned as mayor to take a position as Cromwell High School's Principal.
On July 1, 2010, Benigni left Cromwell High School to become the Superintendent of Meriden Public Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20747744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747744" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 42 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20747758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747758" title="Singapore Gold Cup">
Singapore Gold Cup

The Singapore Gold Cup is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually at the end of November at Kranji Racecourse in Singapore. Contested on turf over a left-handed course, the domestic Group One race is run over a distance 2200 meters (1.37 miles) and is open to domestic horses age three and older.
The Singapore Gold Cup follows the Kranji Mile and the Raffles Cup as the third leg of the Singapore Triple Crown.
Inaugurated in 1924 at the Serangoon Road Race Course at Farrer Park, it was raced there until 1933 at which time it was moved to the new Bukit Timah Race Course. It remained there through 1999 when the Bukit Timah facility was closed to be replaced by the new Kranji Racecourse.
In 1958, Abdul Mawi became the first local jockey to win the Gold Cup. In 2008, El Dorado won the event, making him the first ever Japanese-bred horse trained in Singapore to win a Singapore Group 1 race.
Since to 2002, the race has been closed to international entries. The residency conditions are specified on the Singapore Turf Club website
As a result of World War II, there was no race run from 1942 through 1947.
Since inception the race has been contested at various distances:
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of 2200 meters)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20747768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747768" title="Potassium binder">
Potassium binder

Potassium binders are medications that bind potassium ions in the gastrointestinal tract, thereby preventing its intestinal absorption. They consist of polystyrene sulfonate resins attached to a cation and are administered either orally or by retention enema to patients who are at risk of developing hyperkalaemia (abnormal high serum potassium levels). Increased serum potassium levels are a condition likely to occur in patients suffering from chronic kidney disease in advanced stages.
Clinical use.
Potassium, the most abundant intracellular cation, is essential for life. An adequate gradient of potassium across the cell membrane is necessary in order to enable excitability of cell membranes. This is particularly important for nerve and muscle function. In humans, mainly the kidneys are responsible for the regulation of serum potassium levels by excreting excess potassium via the urine. As kidney failure progresses, with a consequent decline of excretory function, potassium is likely to accumulate with probable harmful effects on the cellular membrane potential and cardiac arrhythmias as the primary symptom. If the physiological potassium blood level of between 3.8 mmol/L and 5.2 mmol/L is exceeded, hyperkalaemia is diagnosed. The mainstay of the treatment for chronic kidney disease patients is potassium removal through the dialysis procedure. However, dietary restrictions and pharmaceutical therapy with potassium binders are important complementary treatment options.
Mechanism of action.
In general, potassium binders are artificial resins that exchange bound cations (Ca2+ or Na+) for potassium ions in the large intestine. After exchange, the released cation and potassium adhering to the resin are excreted with the faeces. This mechanism prevents intestinal absorption of alimentary potassium ions and thereby reduces serum potassium levels. There are two major classes of binders, differentiated by the cation attached to the resin in the original condition. Calcium resins release calcium ions in exchange for potassium ions, whereas sodium resins release sodium.
Side effects.
Hypokalaemia, hypomagnesaemia, nausea or vomiting are side effects commonly seen when polystyrene resins are used. Cases of colonic necrosis have been reported, particularly when sodium polystyrene sulfonate was used in combination with the laxative sorbitol. Additionally, electrolyte disturbances, systemic alkalosis or gastric irritation may occur. Furthermore, anorexia, nausea, vomiting or constipation as well as diarrhoea have been recorded if high doses were applied.

</doc>
<doc id="20747771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747771" title="Drégelypalánk">
Drégelypalánk

Drégelypalánk is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary. It was first recorded in 1274 and was created as a merger of two settlements named Drégely and Palánk. The river Ipoly flows past the Börszöny hills here.
The village features a primary school, a cultural centre, a library, a sports ground and a gallery.
History.
Drégelypalánk has a medieval fortress that was erected by the Hont-Pázmány dynasty in the 13th century. In 1552 the fortification were defended against the advancing Turkish Army.
Drégely is recorded as the site of a church dedicated to St. Elizabeth. During the Turkish Rule, South Slavic settlers came to the area while German immigrants arrived in the 18th century.
The centuries-old economic relations to the neighbouring countries were lost after World War I.
Sights.
Sights of Drégelypalánk include the late Baroque (1734) Roman Catholic church with relics of Saint Elizabeth (), the Baroque chapel of St. Vendel (1857) and the ruins of Drégely Castle.
External links.
SZERETEM AZ ANDRELYÁT

</doc>
<doc id="20747791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747791" title="St Andrew's Garrison Church, Aldershot">
St Andrew's Garrison Church, Aldershot

St Andrew’s Garrison Church, situated at Queens Avenue, Aldershot, Hampshire (GU11 2BY) in southern England is a large army church designed in the late 1920s by the prominent Scottish architect Sir Robert Lorimer (1864–1929).
History.
During the 1920s Sir Robert Lorimer designed a number of war memorials, including the Scottish National War Memorial at Edinburgh Castle. St Andrew’s Garrison Church was built as a memorial to those who lost their lives in the First World War, also known as the Great War. A plaque in the porch of St Andrew’s states that:
""This church was built to the glory of God in thankful remembrance of the soldiers of the Church of Scotland and kindred churches throughout the empire who laid down their lives in the Great War 1914 - 1918.""
Church of Scotland links.
As an army church, St Andrew’s is not officially classed as a Church of Scotland church. However, historically most of its ministers have been ordained Church of Scotland ministers. Additionally the church uses the standard Church of Scotland format for its services and the Church of Scotland hymn book, "Church Hymnary 4".
Congregation.
The congregation is not restricted to the military and services are open to civilians.
History of the church buildings.
Army Camp Established, 1854.
An army camp was established at Aldershot in 1854. Two churches were quickly erected in that camp the following year. By 1856 a third church was need and a portable structure known as the "Iron Church" was erected. In 1866 the Iron Church was transferred from its previous location near Thornhill Road, Aldershot to Queen’s Avenue, Aldershot, close to where St Andrew’s Garrison Church is sited today.
The Previous Church: The Iron Church.
The Iron Church was used jointly by the Church of Scotland and the Church of England ministers until 1893. In that year St George's Garrison Church was built by the Army for the Anglicans. From then on, until its demolition in 1926, the "Iron Church" was just used by the Church of Scotland ministers. In 1908, Rev. J. T. Bird, the Chaplain at that time, asked that the Iron Church should be named after the patron saint of Scotland, Saint Andrew. The War Office agreed to this request.
Fundraising.
Following the First World War money was raised to replace the Iron Church with a permanent structure which would also serve as a memorial for Church of Scotland and other presbyterian soldiers who had been killed in that war.
Design of Church.
This new church was designed by Sir Robert Lorimer. However, due to cost constraints the nave was initially built slightly shorter than Lorimer had originally planned. Externally the building is predominately brown brick. Its doorways, windows and corner points highlighted with a red brick. Internally, the layout is a standard East facing cross, save that at the East end of the church there is an octagonal apse.
Official Opening, 1927.
The newly erected St Andrew's Garrison Church was formally opened by Her Royal Highness, Princess Mary, Colonel in Chief of The Royal Scots, on the morning of Saturday 10 December 1927. However within a few years the church was proving to be too small for army ceremonial services. By 1938 enough money had been raised to extend the nave. In particular large donations came from the Trustees of St Andrew's Scottish Soldiers' Club; the Church of Scotland and The Treasury. John F. Matthew, the architectural partner of the by now deceased Sir Robert Lorimer, was commissioned to do the design work. This involved extending the nave by 30 feet, similar to what Lorimer had originally intended in 1926 and reducing the height of the bell tower.
Extension, 1939.
On Sunday 5 February 1939, the extended St Andrew's Garrison Church was reopened and rededicated in the presence of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth.
Ancillary Buildings, 1950s.
The 1950s saw the erection of a complex of ancillary buildings next to the church on its north east side providing a hall, kitchen, offices, toilets and storage for the church. They are of a fairly utilitarian 1950s design. Other than the hall, where rough cast is widely used on the exterior, these ancillary buildings were built with a darkish red brick similar to that used in places on the main church building. The church hall is dedicated to the remembrance of members of the "Church of Scotland and kindred presbyterian churches who gave their lives" in the Second World War.
Statue of St Andrew.
Following the closure of the Royal Caledonian School, Bushey, Hertfordshire in the 1990s, a statue of St Andrew, which had been at that school, was donated to the church. The statue now stands outside the front of church, to the south of the porch. A new marble base was added to the statue around 2003/4.
Listing.
In 2006 the church building was listed by Rushmoor Borough Council. Listing gives extra protection to a building against alteration or demolition of the structure.
Interior.
Nave.
The interior is dominated by a large nave with seating for around four hundred and twenty. There are no balconies. Two arched aisles run between the nave and the side walls.
Cameron Chapel.
The south wing, or transept, was converted to a small chapel in 1975. Initially called St Andrew's Chapel, this has come to be known as the Cameron Chapel. The Cameron name relates to the presence of a large stained glass window given by the Cameron Highlanders to the church, in 1930, which can be found in this part of the building, plus accompanying plaque and a regimental flag. A new communion table and plinth were specially commissioned for the opening of the chapel in 1975.
Organ.
The north wing or transept is dominated by a large organ. The organ itself is older than the church buildings and dates from 1897. It originally resided in St Ninian's Church of Scotland, Leith. In 1984, the organ was restored and installed in St Andrew's Garrison Church, following the merger of St Ninian's Church with North Leith and Bonnington Church to form North Leith Parish Church.
Monuments.
The church contains a number of monuments and stained glass. Some of these originated in the church others have been transferred here over time.
Egyptian Stones.
These include 12 stones set into the wall of the Cameron chapel. The stones were carved by German Prisoners of War, held in Egypt in the Second World War. Initially the stones were placed in an overseas British army church, St Andrew's Kirk, Geneifa, Egypt. Ten of the stones display the regimental cap badges of Scottish Regiments based in the Canal Zone. Two stones show medical badges used in the British Army at the time. When the British Army left Egypt in the mid-1950s the church closed and the stones were, a few years later, transferred to St Andrew’s, Aldershot.
War Memorials & Regimental Crests.
Other memorials transferred to the church include:
Stained Glass.
The rest of St Andrew’s stained glass was commissioned for the church. There is a large stained glass window in the apse of the church to the memory of Field-Marshal, Earl Haig as well as glass commemorating the Cameron Highlanders and I Corp. Additionally a number of stained glass windows have been given in memory of individual members of the congregation. 
The church’s two largest stained glass windows, namely those dedicated to I Corp and Earl Haig, were both designed by Walter Cook of Edinburgh, in the early to mid-1930s. They have similar themes as both are dominated by Jesus, as saviour and figure of peace, with arms outstretched, underneath him being a small group of grieving people drawing attention to the cost of war in general and the First World War in particular.

</doc>
<doc id="20747797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747797" title="List of museums in Izmir">
List of museums in Izmir

Below is a list of museums in İzmir, Turkey, indicated with the neighborhood and the district where each is located 

</doc>
<doc id="20747805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747805" title="Westend (band)">
Westend (band)

Westend was an Austrian musical group of the 1980s. It participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performing the entry "Hurricane". The band consisted of Gary Lux, Hans Christian Wagner, Bernhard Rabitsch, Peter Vieweger and Patricia Tandien. In that contest the band ended in 9th place and received 53 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20747810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747810" title="List of objections (law)">
List of objections (law)

An objection (law) is a formal protest raised in court during a trial to disallow a witness's testimony or other evidence which would be in violation of the rules of evidence or other procedural law.
Objections by body of law.
United States.
This is list of objections in American law:
Proper reasons for objecting to a question asked to a witness include:
Proper reasons for objecting to material evidence include:
Proper reasons for objecting to a witness's answer include:
Example: “Did your mother call?” “Yeah. "She called at 3:00"." Opposing counsel can object to the latter part of this statement, since it answers a question that was not asked. With some concern for annoying the court, counsel will selectively use this to prevent a witness from getting into self-serving answers.

</doc>
<doc id="20747838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747838" title="Aulopidae">
Aulopidae

The Aulopidae are a small family of aulopiform fish. They are found in most tropical and subtropical oceans, being absent only in the eastern Pacific, and are commonly known as flagfins.
The aulopids resemble lizardfishes in appearance, and range up to in length. They have large dorsal fins, the first ray of which is greatly extended. They are bottom-dwelling fish, living at depths of .

</doc>
<doc id="20747839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747839" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 24 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. 

</doc>
<doc id="20747840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747840" title="Mooney's Bay Park">
Mooney's Bay Park

Mooney's Bay Park is a public park in Ottawa, Canada on the Rideau River. Its main entrance is on Riverside Drive, opposite Ridgewood Avenue, but can also be accessed from Hog's Back Road. It has a beach, picnic areas, a children's playground and is the site of the Terry Fox Stadium. Located at 2960 Riverside Drive, year-round activities are available such as swimming in the waters of the Rideau River, biking along paths that can take riders as far as the downtown core, and cross country skiing. A ski school is available, as are indoor change rooms.
Mooney's Bay is the site of the annual HOPE Beach Volleyball tournament and the annual Ottawa Dragon Boat Race Festival.
Mooney's Bay Park has been adopted by the Omicron-Pi Chapter of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.
Mooney's Bay.
Mooney's Bay is an artificial bay on the Rideau River. The Bay was created during the construction of the Rideau Canal when a dam was built, creating Hog's Back Falls, with canal locks for boats to bypass the falls. This created a widened area of the River, suitable for boating.

</doc>
<doc id="20747845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747845" title="Peugeot 908">
Peugeot 908

The Peugeot 908 is an auto racing car developed by Peugeot Sport in 2011 for the Le Mans Prototype category of racing. Powered by a diesel engine, it is the successor to the Peugeot 908 HDi FAP which competed since 2007. The newer 908 features a smaller diesel than its predecessor, utilizing a HDi V8 engine with Honeywell Turbo Technologies turbocharger in order to meet new regulations for 2011. The 908 has competed in all rounds of the 2011 Intercontinental Le Mans Cup including the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans. The new 908 lost about 150 bhp compared to 2010 but improvements in the chassis and handling made the car much more agile. Rear tyres are now fitted on the front. The only part that has been reused from its predecessor was the windscreen wiper. 
Racing History.
2011.
The 908's first competitive outing was at the 2011 Sebring 12 Hours. The new cars faced competition from the older Audi R15+ and the old Oreca 908 HDi FAP. Both Peugeots ran at the front, building a 2-second gap per lap over the Audi but relentless safety car periods cut their lead over time. Marc Gene then shoved the car to the inside of Capello in turn 17. Both cars spun but only Gene hit the barrier and suffered a suspension failure. The #8 led for a while until a slow pit stop and a spin by Lamy threw them back to third. The Peugeots finished 3rd and 8th.
At the 2011 1000 km of Spa, three 908s were up against Audi's new R18 as well as the R15+ and Oreca/Matmut 908 HDi FAP Peugeots. After a disastrous qualifying session leaving only one 908 in the top ten, they quickly got to the front of the field during the first laps, and soon were running 1-2-3 after the R18s were running into technical issues. After an off by the third placed 908 piloted by Pedro Lamy, Tom Kristensen's R18 took its position. Following damage to the engine cover of the R18, the Peugeots regained the podium positions, but a front suspension failure half an hour before the end of the race led to a nine-minute pit-stop and a drop into position eight. Nonetheless this same car achieved the fastest lap of the event at 2:03.699.
At Le Mans the three Peugeot 908s were able to battle Audi for the lead of the race. Aided by fewer pit stops Peugeot remained on the same lap as the lead Audi, but failed to catch the leader in the final hour, the No. 9 Peugeot crossing the finish line thirteen seconds behind the race winner.
2012.
A hybrid version of the 908 known as the Peugeot 908 Hybrid4 was expected to run in the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2012 in addition to an updated version of the regular car, but after poor economic performance in 2011 Peugeot canceled their race program for 2012. Peugeot was already at Sebring to test the new cars, so the announcement came as a severe blow to Peugeot Sport Total.

</doc>
<doc id="20747848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747848" title="Ivo Wortmann">
Ivo Wortmann

Ivo Ardais Wortmann, better known as Ivo Wortmann (born March 10, 1949 in Quaraí), is a former professional soccer player and currently a professional soccer coach in Brazil. 
Ivo Wortmann was a defensive midfielder as a player. He played for América-RJ and for Palmeiras.
He is currently coaching Brasiliense in the Brazilian Serie B.
He coached Saudi Arabia under-16 national team to winning the title in the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20747875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747875" title="NetQuote">
NetQuote

NetQuote is an insurance lead provider for insurance agents. The online insurance quote marketplace allows consumers to apply and comparison-shop for quotes, from a variety of major providers of auto, home, health, life and business insurance. 
NetQuote does not directly provide insurance. It connects customers with insurance agents via its matching system. The information is then sold to insurance brokers. Customers are contacted by agents after the application process, at which point they can select from the interested providers.
History.
NetQuote was founded in 1989 when Keith Lawton, an insurance agent, and Harvey Lawton, a software engineer, created the world's first interactive voice-response service to shop for insurance. It was named Telerate, Inc.
In 1993, Telerate joined forces with Auto Insurance Shopper to create a single company, using the latter's name. Later, the company launched its Internet platform and rebranded itself as NetQuote. 
NetQuote was acquired by Spectrum Equity Investors and Stripes Group in 2005. Bankrate acquired NetQuote in 2010.
Awards and recognition.
In June 2008, NetQuote was named a finalist for the third annual Best Companies to Work For in Colorado, a competition run by the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) Colorado State Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20747897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747897" title="Sometimes a Little Brain Damage Can Help">
Sometimes a Little Brain Damage Can Help

Sometimes a Little Brain Damage Can Help is the first book written by George Carlin, published in 1984. It is primarily a collection of jokes and his stand up routines. The title is a saying of Carlin's, which appears in his second book, "Brain Droppings". The slogan also appears on the back of some of his concert t-shirts.

</doc>
<doc id="20747917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747917" title="Tricyclic antidepressant overdose">
Tricyclic antidepressant overdose

Tricyclic antidepressant overdose is caused by excessive use or overdose of a tricyclic antidepressant drug. It is a significant cause of fatal drug poisoning. The severe morbidity and mortality associated with these drugs is well documented due to their cardiovascular and neurological toxicity. Additionally, it is a serious problem in the pediatric population due to their potential toxicity and the availability of these in the home when prescribed for bed wetting and depression.
Signs and symptoms.
The peripheral autonomic nervous system, central nervous system and the heart are the main systems that are affected following overdose. Initial or mild symptoms typically develop within 2 hours and include tachycardia, drowsiness, a dry mouth, nausea and vomiting, urinary retention, confusion, agitation, and headache. More severe complications include hypotension, cardiac rhythm disturbances, hallucinations, and seizures. Electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities are frequent and a wide variety of cardiac dysrhythmias can occur, the most common being sinus tachycardia and intraventricular conduction delay resulting in prolongation of the QRS complex and the PR/QT intervals. Seizures, cardiac dysrhythmias, and apnea are the most important life threatening complications.
Toxicity.
Tricyclics have a narrow therapeutic index, "i.e.", the therapeutic dose is close to the toxic dose. In the medical literature the lowest reported toxic dose is 6.7 mg per kg body weight. Although there are differences in toxicity with the drug class, ingestions of 10 to 20 mg per kilogram of body weight are a risk for moderate to severe poisoning, however, doses ranging from 1.5 to 5 mg/kg may even present a risk. Most poison control centers refer any case of TCA poisoning (especially in children) to a hospital for monitoring. Factors that increase the risk of toxicity include advancing age, cardiac status, and concomitant use of other drugs. However, serum drug levels are not useful for evaluating risk of arrhythmia or seizure in tricyclic overdose.
Pathophysiology.
Most of the toxic effects of TCAs are caused by four major pharmacological effects. TCAs have anticholinergic effects, cause excessive blockade of norepinephrine reuptake at the preganglionic synapse, direct alpha adrenergic blockade, and importantly they block sodium membrane channels with slowing of membrane depolarization, thus having quinidine-like effects on the myocardium.
Treatment.
Initial treatment of an acute overdose includes gastric decontamination of the patient. This is achieved by administering activated charcoal lavage which adsorbs the drug in the gastrointestinal tract either orally or via a nasogastric tube. Activated charcoal is most useful if given within 1 to 2 hours of ingestion. Other decontamination methods such as stomach pumps, ipecac induced emesis, or whole bowel irrigation are not recommended in TCA poisoning.
Symptomatic patients are usually monitored in an intensive care unit for a minimum of 12 hours, with close attention paid to maintenance of the airways, along with monitoring of blood pressure, arterial pH, and continuous ECG monitoring. Supportive therapy is given if necessary, including respiratory assistance, maintenance of body temperature, and administration of intravenous sodium bicarbonate as an antidote, which has been shown to be an effective treatment for resolving the metabolic acidosis and cardiovascular complications of TCA poisoning. If sodium bicarbonate therapy fails to improve cardiac symptoms, conventional antidysrhythmic drugs such as phenytoin and magnesium can be used to reverse any cardiac abnormalities. However, no benefit has been shown from lidocaine or other class 1a and 1c antiarrhythmic drugs; it appears they worsen the sodium channel blockade, slow conduction velocity, and depress contractility and should be avoided in TCA poisoning. Hypotension is initially treated with fluids along with bicarbonate to reverse metabolic acidosis (if present), if the patient remains hypotensive despite fluids then further measures such as the administration of epinephrine, norepinephrine, or dopamine can be used to increase blood pressure. Another potentially severe symptom is seizures: Seizures often resolve without treatment but administration of a benzodiazepine or other anticonvulsive may be required for persistent muscular overactivity. There is no role for physostigmine in the treatment of tricyclic toxicity as it may increase cardiac toxicity and cause seizures. In cases of severe TCA overdose that are refractory to conventional therapy, intravenous lipid emulsion therapy has been reported to improve signs and symptoms in moribund patients suffering from toxicities involving several types of lipophilic substances, therefore lipids may have a role in treating severe cases of refractory TCA overdose.
Tricyclic antidepressants are highly protein bound and have a large volume of distribution; therefore removal of these compounds from the blood with hemodialysis, hemoperfusion or other techniques are unlikely to be of any significant benefit.
Epidemiology.
Studies in the 1990s in Australia and the United Kingdom showed that between 8 and 12% of drug overdoses were following TCA ingestion. TCAs may be involved in up to 33% of all fatal poisonings, second only to analgesics. Another study reported 95% of deaths from antidepressants in England and Wales between 1993 and 1997 were associated with tricyclic antidepressants, particularly dothiepin and amitriptyline. It was determined there were 5.3 deaths per 100,000 prescriptions.
Sodium channel blockers such as Dilantin should not be used in the treatment of TCA overdose as the Na+ blockade will increase the QTI.

</doc>
<doc id="20747922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747922" title="RTR-Planeta">
RTR-Planeta

RTR-Planeta is the international service of VGTRK, a state-owned broadcaster in Russia. It is available throughout the world via cable and satellite. In fact, RTR Planeta is the only provider of Russian-language programming to the Asia-Pacific region covered by the AsiaSat 2 Satellite. To step up the accessibility of its content to viewers RTR Planeta has eagerly embraced new technologies launching in various IPTV, ADSL and other advanced networks.
In October 2009 a separate version of the TV channel to broadcast via the Eutelsat 36A satellite to Ukrainian TV viewers was especially created. This was done because on November 1, 2008 the Ukrainian Television and Radio Broadcasting Council demanded that (Ukrainian) cable operators remove Russian TV channels that did not adopt the Ukrainian legislation from their broadcasting lists. The decision affected, in particular, RTR-Planeta, Channel One and TV Center. Also, at that time, It was constructed by Alcatel Space is based on the Spacebus-3000B2 satellite bus. It was launched on the maiden flight of the Atlas III carrier rocket, which used the Atlas IIIA configuration. The launch was contracted by International Launch Services, and occurred on 24 May 2000, at 23:10 GMT from Space Launch Complex 36B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
On May 1, 2010, RTR Planeta returned to the Ukrainian cable networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20747930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20747930" title="Sun Pictures">
Sun Pictures

Sun Pictures is a film distribution and production studio unit of Chennai based Sun Network owned by Kalanidhi Maran. Founded in 2000, it started producing the TV film "Siragugal" and distributing low-budget Tamil-language films, "Kadhalil Vizhunthen" being the first. Later, it went on to become one of the most powerful production, distribution houses in Tamil Cinema.
Filmography.
! Year
! Film
! Director
! Cast

</doc>
