<doc id="20696038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696038" title="Jean François Niceron">
Jean François Niceron

Jean-François Niceron (1613 – 22 September 1646) was a French mathematician, Minim friar, and painter of anamorphic art, on which he wrote the first book ("La Perspective Curieuse").
Jean Pierre-Niceron was his nephew [http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/11051a.htm] Jean-Pierre Nicéron. (NB: The 'e' in Niceron is unaccented)
Biography.
Niceron was born in Paris, and showed mathematical abilities at an early age, studying under the famed mathematician Friar Marin Mersenne at the College de Nevers. In 1632, at the age of nineteen, he entered the Minim Friars to which his mentor belonged. He visited Rome twice.
He was also an artist of some note, and was interested in the uses of anamorphosis in religious art. He was acquainted with the leading scientists in France and Italy, such as Fermat, Descartes, Cavalieri and Kircher and was aware of all the latest theoretical developments. Intent on finding a scientific solution to the problems presented by perspective, Niceron worked out the geometrical algorithms for producing anamorphic art, and in 1638 published his definitive treatise, ‘La Perspective curieuse’.
Le Père Niceron worked on optics. He died in Aix.
His portrait was engraved by Lasne.
Publications.
The 1663 edition can be downloaded from The 1638 edition is better. It used to be on [http://gallica.bnf.fr/
This richly illustrated manual on perspective revealed for the first time the secrets of anamorphosis and trompe l'oeil. It contained the first published reference to Descartes's derivation of the law of refraction. First published in 1638 with 25 plates only, Niceron's work was later enlarged by Roberval in a far inferior edition (1663). Together with the first edition, posthumously published, of a scholarly work on optics and catoptics by Mersenne (1588–1648). In his major work, following the latest theoretical developments, Niceron concentrated primarily on the practical applications of perspective, catoptrics, and dioptrics, and on the illusory effects of optics, then traditionally associated with natural magic. Divided into four Books, the first Book presents briefly the fundamental geometrical theorems, and then develops a general method of perspective, borrowing heavily from Alberti and Dürer. The second Book addresses the problem of establishing perspective for paintings executed on curved or irregular surfaces, like vaults and niches, presents a general technique of anamorphosis. Here Niceron shows, for example, how to construct on the interior surface of a cone a distorted image which, when viewed from the end through the base, appears in proper proportion. Book three discusses and fully explains the anamorphosis of figures that are viewed by reflection from plane, cylindrical, and conical mirrors. Book four deals with the distortions created by refraction. The added work on optics by Niceron's colleague and confrère Mersenne contained the author's final contributions to optics, including experimental studies of visual acuity and binocular vision and a critical discussion of current hypotheses on the nature of light.

</doc>
<doc id="20696057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696057" title="Anti-Privatisation Forum">
Anti-Privatisation Forum

The Anti-Privatisation Forum (APF) was established in Johannesburg in July 2000 by activists and organisations involved in two key anti-privatisation struggles: the struggle against iGoli 2002, and the struggle against Wits 2001 at Wits University. The APF had affiliates from the unions, communities, students and the left: while most affiliates were township-based community movements, it also included small leftwing political groups, like Keep Left and the anarchist Bikisha Media Collective (later part of the Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front). 
For ten years the APF was a vibrant social movement in Gauteng townships, including areas on the East Rand and in Soweto and Orange Farm. It is now defunct.
The APF had fairly detailed positions on a wide range of issues, and was self-described as 'anti-capitalist.' However, its focus was on struggles, and in practice, affiliate organisations and individuals could take a wide range of positions. Many ordinary members were interested primarily in fighting against immediate problems, such as evictions and cut-offs, and did not take hard political positions. 
Others however were influenced by left-wing ideas, including Marxism-Leninism in the Socialist Party of Azania tradition, Trotskyism in various forms, and anarchist communism. There was also a small autonomist current, based largely among university intellectuals. 
Trevor Ngwane, one of the founding members, and a former town councillor was the APF's best known figure: his politics were orthodox Trotskyism.
Repression.
The movement suffered significant state repression, largely directed at protestors from APF community-based affiliates.

</doc>
<doc id="20696058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696058" title="Begoña Fernández">
Begoña Fernández

Begoña Fernández Molinos (born 22 March 1980 in Vigo) is a Spanish team handball player. She currently plays for the club ŽRK Vardar and on the Spanish national team.
She played at the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship in the Republic of Macedonia, where the Spanish team defeated Germany in the semifinal, and received silver medals after losing the final. She was selected into the all-star-team and named the best pivot of the tournament.
She was part of the Spanish team that won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20696066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696066" title="My Wife's Family (1941 film)">
My Wife's Family (1941 film)

"My Wife's Family" is a 1941 British comedy film directed by Walter C. Mycroft and starring Charles Clapham, John Warwick and David Thomlinson.
It was based on the 1933 Finnish film Voi meitä! Anoppi tulee. A remake was made in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20696074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696074" title="British Library, MS Egerton 88">
British Library, MS Egerton 88

MS Egerton 88 is a late sixteenth-century Irish manuscript, now housed in the British Library Egerton Collection, London. It is the work of members of the O'Davorens (Irish: Ó Duibhdábhoireann), a distinguished family of lawyers in Corcomroe, Co. Clare, and was compiled between 1564 and 1569 under the supervision of Domhnall Ó Duibhdábhoireann.
The document is an important collection of medieval Irish legal texts, literature, grammatical works and legal glossaries. 

</doc>
<doc id="20696101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696101" title="Jack Crabtree (artist)">
Jack Crabtree (artist)

Jack Crabtree is a contemporary English artist.
Early life and education.
Crabtree was born in 1938 in Rochdale, Lancashire, England. Between 1957 and 1959 he studied at St. Martin's College of Art in London. Between 1959 and 1961 he undertook another course at the Royal Academy School in London.
Career.
After leaving the Royal Academy Crabtree lived and worked for a number of years in Rochdale and Salford and then at Newport in South Wales, before taking up an appointment at the University of Ulster in Belfast. He left after a while to settle in France. 
To date Crabtree has had over 70 solo exhibitions, the most recent in Ireland at the Kerlin and Rubicon Galleries in Dublin, at The Ulster Museum and at the Orchard Gallery in Derry. His work can be found in many public collections, including the Ulster Museum in Belfast, the Arts Council of Northern Ireland, the Arts Council of Ireland and Newport Museum and Art Gallery
Style.
Crabtree's style was described in 1978 by Margaret Richards of "Tribune":
"Crabtree is a social realist who works in a natural style that is neither didactic nor over-emphatic. Sometimes his imagery is exhilarating, full of energetic figures, and sometimes sad and sensitive, showing old or weary men struggling to keep going. His vision is affectionate rather than romantic. He sees wild hillsides as a beautiful setting for one of the grimmest jobs facing any man. In his paintings, that beauty and that grimness are parts of an inter-locking reality that has stimulated his creative imagination; while in his graphics the spare outlines and meticulous observation of human nature has been likened to George Grosz's. The comparison is misleading, for Crabtree's sense of humor rarely turns into satire."
Teaching.
1961–66: teaching in schools in the Salford and Rochdale area.
1966–74: lecturer at the College of Art in Newport.
1983–86: Professor of Fine Art at the University of Ulster, Belfast.
Awards.
1959/60: Kenyon's Foundation Rochdale Education Authority travelling bursary to France.
1974/75: Fellowship at the National Coal Board.
1975/76: Gregynog Arts Fellowship, University of Wales.
1976/77: First International Ruhr Arts Fellowship awarded by the German Federal Government.
Notable commissions.
1971: Artist at Work - murals on the theme of Owain Glyndŵr for the Council Chambers at Plas Machynlleth.
1974/75: for the National Coal Board, a pictorial record of the changing face of the coalfields of South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20696103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696103" title="Charles Loftus, 1st Marquess of Ely">
Charles Loftus, 1st Marquess of Ely

Charles Tottenham Loftus, 1st Marquess of Ely KP, PC (23 January 1738 – 22 March 1806) was an Irish peer and politician.
Born Charles Tottenham, he assumed the surname of Loftus in 1783, after inheriting the estates of his uncle Henry Loftus, 1st Earl of Ely. He represented Fethard (County Wexford) in the Irish House of Commons from 1776 to 1783. In the latter year, he stood as Member of Parliament for Wexford Borough, a seat held until 1785, when he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Loftus of Loftus Hall, Co. Wexford. He became Marquess of Ely on 29 December 1800 and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 12 December 1794. In 1801 he was made Baron Loftus of Long Loftus, Yorkshire in the Peerage of the UK, which entitled him and his successors to a seat in the House of Lords

</doc>
<doc id="20696126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696126" title="Take a Letter, Darling">
Take a Letter, Darling

Take a Letter, Darling is a 1942 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen. It was nominated for three Academy Awards; Best Cinematography, Best Score and Best Art Direction (Hans Dreier, Roland Anderson, Samuel M. Comer). 

</doc>
<doc id="20696134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696134" title="John Browne, 1st Marquess of Sligo">
John Browne, 1st Marquess of Sligo

John Denis Browne, 1st Marquess of Sligo KP PC (Ire) (11 June 1756 – 2 January 1809) was an Irish peer and politician, styled Viscount Westport from 1771 to 1780 and known as John Browne, 3rd Earl of Altamont from 1780 to 1800. He was married to the beautiful Lady Louisa Catherine Howe, after their marriage was known as the Countess of Altamont and then the Marchioness of Sligo. 
Browne represented Jamestown in the Irish House of Commons from 1776 to 1780, when he succeeded as Earl of Altamont. He served as High Sheriff of Mayo for 1779. He became Marquess of Sligo on 29 December 1800 and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 5 August 1800.
His great-grandnephew was the British composer and poet, William Charles Denis Browne (1888–1915).

</doc>
<doc id="20696138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696138" title="Clemence of Austria">
Clemence of Austria

Clemence of Austria (1262 – February 1293, or 1295) was a daughter of King Rudolph I of Germany and Gertrude of Hohenberg. She was a member of the House of Habsburg.
Marriage.
On 8 January 1281, Clemence married Charles Martel of Anjou.
Clemence and Charles Martel had three children:
It is believed that Clemence died in 1293, in relation to the birth of her youngest daughter and namesake, Clemence. Others argue that she died in 1295, months after Charles Martel. She is buried in Naples.
Queen of Hungary?
Charles Martel was set up by Pope Nicholas IV and the ecclesiastical party as the titular King of Hungary (1290–1295) as successor of his maternal uncle, the childless Ladislaus IV of Hungary against whom the Pope had already earlier declared a crusade.
He never managed to govern the Kingdom of Hungary, where an agnate of the Árpád dynasty, his cousin Andrew III of Hungary actually ruled that period. Charles Martel was, however, successful in asserting his claims in parts of Croatia, a kingdom then in personal union with Hungary.
Charles Martel died young in Naples, during the lifetime of his parents. Charles Martel and Clemence's son, Charles would ultimately succeed where he had failed in winning the throne of Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20696140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696140" title="MSU Faculty of Physics">
MSU Faculty of Physics

The Faculty of Physics of Moscow State University is the largest faculty of Moscow State University. Established in 1933. The dean of the faculty - Nikolay Sysoev.

</doc>
<doc id="20696156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696156" title="Thomas Taylour, 1st Marquess of Headfort">
Thomas Taylour, 1st Marquess of Headfort

Thomas Taylour, 1st Marquess of Headfort KP (18 November 1757 – 24 October 1829), styled Viscount Headford from 1766 to 1795, and known as The Earl of Bective from 1795 to 1800, was an Irish peer and politician. The 1st Marquess of Headfort was married to Mary Quin, the daughter of George Quin and Caroline Cavendish. The son of Valentine Quin and Mary Widenham. Valentine Quin was the son of the 1st Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl, Valentine Quin (1752–1824), 1st Viscount Mount-Earl. His son George Quin married Georgiana Charlotte, the daughter of George Spencer, 2nd Earl Spencer.
Taylour represented Kells in the Irish House of Commons from 1776 to 1790. Subsequently he sat as Member of Parliament for Longford Borough until 1794 and then for Meath until 1795, when he succeeded his father as earl. He became Marquess of Headfort in 1800 and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 15 May 1806.
Headfort's elopement in 1803 with the wife of Reverend C. D. Massey produced a lawsuit, 10,000 pounds damages and, for the plaintiff, one of John Philpot Curran's most famous speeches. 

</doc>
<doc id="20696158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696158" title="List of Britannia High songs">
List of Britannia High songs

This is a list of the songs from the United Kingdom TV Show, "Britannia High".
The songs feature artists Mitch Hewer as Danny, Georgina Hagen as Lauren, Sapphire Elia as Claudine, Matthew James Thomas as Jez, Marcquelle Ward as BB, and Rana Roy as Lola.

</doc>
<doc id="20696160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696160" title="Kenneth Michael Trentadue">
Kenneth Michael Trentadue

Kenneth Michael Trentadue (December 19, 1950 – August 21, 1995) was an American citizen who was found hanged in his cell at FTC Oklahoma during the investigation of the Oklahoma City bombing. His death was ruled a suicide. Trentadue's family maintains that he was murdered by the FBI themselves and that officials at the prison engaged in a cover-up. Oklahoma City's chief medical examiner, Fred Jordan, said of Trentadue that it was "very likely he was murdered." Timothy McVeigh stated that he believed Trentadue was mistaken for Richard Lee Guthrie Jr., a suspected co-conspirator in the bombing who also died in federal custody, allegedly from suicide by hanging.
Early life.
Kenneth Trentadue was born to a family of coal miners and raised in Number 7, a coal camp located between Cucumber, West Virginia, and Horsepen, Virginia. In 1961, when the coal business was facing hard times, Kenneth moved with his family to Orange County, California. In high school, despite being an accomplished track and field athlete, Kenneth dropped out. He enlisted in the army and soon developed an addiction to heroin. He attempted employment doing factory work and carpentry, but eventually settled robbing banks with a fake gun. He was subsequently caught, and served a prison sentence of several years, being released on parole in 1988, after which he got married and became legitimately employed in construction. On June 19, 1995, his first child, son Vito, was born.
Arrest and death.
Kenneth was apprehended on June 10, 1995, nearly two months after the Oklahoma City bombing, while crossing the border from Mexico into California, when police officers ran his driver's license and discovered that he was wanted for violating his parole. On August 18, Trentadue was transferred to the Department of Justice's Federal Transfer Center in Oklahoma City. Trentadue called his brother, Jesse, from FTC Oklahoma on August 19. Jesse described Kenneth as sounding "chipper" in the call. According to prison records, three days later, at 3:02 a.m., the morning of August 21, 1995, Kenneth was found in his cell suspended from a noose made out of his bed sheets.
Oklahoma County District Attorney Bob Macy and federal officials determined that Trentadue had committed suicide by hanging himself. Officials tried to obtain the permission of Trentadue's family to cremate the body at the government's expense—an unprecedented move—but the family declined, since they found the claims of suicide suspicious. The government then performed an autopsy on Trentadue, but did not notify the family.
When the family received the body from the prison authorities, it was covered in wounds, cuts, and bruises, leading the family to believe Trentadue had been tortured and beaten before his death. Trentadue had sustained three heavy blows to the head, and his throat had been cut; prison authorities claimed the wounds were self-inflicted. The day after Trentadue's death, Kevin Rowland, the chief investigator of the Oklahoma state medical examiner filed a complaint with the FBI reporting irregularities in the investigation of Trentadue's death: the coroner was at first not permitted into the cell where Trentadue had died, and the cell itself was washed out before any investigation could be performed. The complaint went on to state that, although the exact cause of death could not be determined, the claim that Trentadue had committed suicide was not consistent with the medical examiner's findings, and Trentadue appeared to have been tortured. The FBI paperwork from the agent who received the medical examiner's call reads "murder" and "believes that foul play is suspect in this matter."
A Board of Inquiry was convened by the Bureau of Prisons. The attorney in charge of the investigation was ordered to treat his findings as "attorney work product", a legal distinction that would protect information uncovered in his investigation from any potential lawsuit or Freedom of Information Act inquiries.
Connection to the Oklahoma City bombing.
Kenneth's brother Jesse began gathering information on his brother's death, still with no knowledge of a possible connection to the Oklahoma City bombing case. After being contacted by David Hammer, a convicted murderer who had struck up a friendship with Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh on death row, and had read about the Trentadue case in the newspapers, Jesse and others ultimately came to believe that Kenneth had been mistakenly identified by authorities as an accomplice in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. It is supposed that Trentadue was interrogated to make him talk, and died during the interrogation. After being shown a picture of Kenneth Trentadue, Timothy McVeigh is reported to have said, "Now I know why Trentadue was killed, because they thought he was Richard Guthrie."
It is contended that Trentadue was mistaken for Richard Lee Guthrie Jr., a member of the Aryan Republican Army, members of which were thought to have associated with McVeigh, and were the subject of FBI investigation. The two men shared a strong physical resemblance – they were the same height, weight, and build, both had thick mustaches, and both had dragon tattoos on their left arm. Both are thought to have resembled the description of "John Doe 2", the never-apprehended possible third conspirator in the bombing along with McVeigh and Terry Nichols. Less than one year after Trentadue's death, Guthrie would also be found dead in his prison cell, the day before he was scheduled to give a television interview. His death was ruled a suicide by hanging.
In 1999, Alden Gillis Baker – an inmate who had been imprisoned in Oklahoma City's Federal Transfer Center at the same time as Trentadue – came forward to volunteer to testify that he had witnessed Trentadue's murder. According to FBI documentation, the authenticity of which is vigorously disputed by the Department of Justice, Baker was even sharing a cell with Trentadue on the night of his death. In December 1999, Baker reported to a lawyer that he feared for his life. In August 2000, he was found dead in his cell. His death was ruled a suicide by the coroner's office. Trentadue family attorneys pointed out that Baker's hanging was "...pretty incredible because he's the only witness who really came forward and said he saw the guards go in there and murder Kenneth."
Investigation.
Kenneth's death was investigated by the FBI, although the agent charged with the task did not view Kenneth's cell. He did visit the prison itself, but talked with prison employees only – not inmates – and he collected no evidence for the case. For months, there was no movement on the case, but mounting complaints from the state medical examiner caught the ear of the Department of Justice, and in 1996 the DOJ's Civil Rights Division was given jurisdiction over the case. It determined that a federal grand jury ought to be convened, to decide if an indictment should be issued in Trentadue's case. The jury was convened on July 6, 1996.
Medical examiner Fred Jordan remained firm in his refusal to classify the death a suicide. Jordan told the U.S. Attorney's Office that Trentadue had been "abused and tortured", and would even go so far as to say "the federal grand jury is part of a cover-up." To review the case, the Department of Justice consulted forensic pathologist Bill Gormley, of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology. Gormley contacted Kevin Rowland, the original chief investigator assigned the case by the Oklahoma state medical examiner. In his memo of the conversation, Rowland wrote that Gormley "was troubled that the Department of Justice only seemed interested in him saying it might be possible these injuries were self-inflicted." According to Rowland, Gormley was becoming increasingly sure that Trentadue was murdered.
I think it's very likely was murdered. I'm not able to prove it...You see a body covered with blood, removed from the room as Mr. Trentadue was, soaked in blood, covered with bruises, and you try to gain access to the scene, and the government of the United States says no, you can't... At that point we have no crime scene, so there are still questions about the death of Kenneth Trentadue that will never be answered because of the actions of the U.S. government. Whether those actions were intentional—whether they were incompetence, I don't know... It was botched. Or, worse, it was planned.
"--Fred Jordan, medical examiner, television interview"
Nevertheless, in August 1997 the grand jury found no evidence of foul play in Trentadue's death. The FBI continued to exert pressure on Fred Jordan to rule the case a suicide. Oklahoma Assistant Attorney General Patrick Crawley contacted an attorney in the Department of Justice on Jordan's behalf, telling him that the FBI and the Bureau of Prisons had "prevented the medical examiner from conducting a thorough and complete investigation into the death, destroyed evidence, and otherwise harassed and harangued Dr. Jordan and his staff." In July 1998, Jordan officially changed the listed cause of death from "unknown" to "suicide". His reversal, he said, had been based largely on the analysis of a handwriting expert of Trentadue's supposed suicide note, even though the expert had not been permitted to see the actual note.
In November 1999, a further investigation – this time by the U.S. Inspector General – released a report on its findings, stating there was no evidence to support the theory that Trentadue had been murdered, or that there had been a cover-up. The report does however note that the FBI and Bureau of Prisons had poorly conducted the investigation, and that four employees of the federal government had "made false statements" under oath in connection to the Trentadue case.
Civil suit and other legal action.
The Trentadue family filed a wrongful death suit against the federal government, and were awarded a judgment of $1.1 million for their emotional distress associated with the way the federal government handled the case.
The federal government appealed the $1.1-million-dollar award, and in August 2007 the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit revoked the award and sent the case back to the judge who originally awarded the money. In 2008, after bouncing back and forth twice on appeal, the judge reinstated the award, although the Trentadue family claims Department of Justice attorneys have told them the federal government will never pay, no matter how many judgments the family wins.
In November 2008, Kenneth Trentadue's family offered a $250,000 reward for information leading to a murder conviction in the case of Trentadue's death.
According to one 2008 interview, the federal government did pay a civil settlement, which is the source of the money offered as a reward.
In 2007, Jesse Trentadue requested to conduct videotaped depositions of Terry Nichols and death-row inmate David Paul Hammer on the subject of Kenneth Trentadue's death and on the FBI's possible withholding of documents relating to Kenneth Trentadue, documents that Jesse had requested in a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit. U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball granted Trentadue's request. After the FBI urged him to reconsider in September 2008, Judge Kimball reaffirmed the decision. The FBI appealed the decision, claiming the two prisoners "clearly have no knowledge regarding FBI procedures in filing and searching for records." In July 2009 the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit overturned Kimball's decision, barring Trentadue from conducting the interviews.
Kenneth's brother, attorney Jesse Trentadue, maintains that Eric Holder was part of a conspiracy to cover-up Kenneth's alleged murder and was opposed to Holder's nomination for the position of Attorney General.

</doc>
<doc id="20696175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696175" title="Behind the Mask (1958 film)">
Behind the Mask (1958 film)

Behind the Mask is a 1958 British drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Michael Redgrave, Vanessa Redgrave, Ian Bannen and Lionel Jeffries. It portrays the life of a surgeon in a busy hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20696202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696202" title="Task-oriented information modelling">
Task-oriented information modelling

Task-oriented information modelling (TIM) designates a formal language engineered to allow the description of working situations by means of a task tree and to structure the information related of the tasks included in it. TIM models can provide the content for product-related documents (such as user-manuals, on-line helps and maintenance manuals) but also represent processes or express the functional specifications of hardware and software systems alongside with main features of their interfaces. TIM has been engineered by Tanguy Wettengel at the Centre de Recherches Sémiotiques (University of Limoges, France).
TIM is an environment allowing to model work in different contexts. TIM models can be used to provide the content of instructions (such as manuals and on-line helps) but equally to plan production processes or define functional specifications. TIM is thus a method for describing work and not a tool for describing documents. The choice of sharply separating task modelling and content publishing explains why TIM does not include any means to specify the structure or the layout of documents.
Unsurprisingly, a TIM task's meta-model only bears semantic components related to the analysis of work, such as input, output, side effect, as shown by the image below.
Information relevant to task engagement is distributed between categories named "access" (pre-requisites), input, output and side effect. last level tasks express the activity allowing the transition from input to output as a list of actions named "procedure", while other task distribute this activity among the subtasks included in them. Task engagement related information is limited to descriptions that are typed to properties or to states, depending on the persistence throughout the model of the situations they describe. States are reversible (a light that is on, in case it might as well be off) whereas properties are not (the colour of a cable, for example).
Each task holds a place in a task tree. If a task is split into sub-tasks, the sub-tasks included in it may be mandatory or optional. Any task may bare engagement conditions or not (the ones that do, are called "conditional" tasks in TIM). Any task that may need to be re-engaged in order to allow satisfaction of a condition stated in its access is viewed as a "cyclic" task. if the engagement of a single subtask is enough to produce the transition from input to output, the siblings of the same level are considered as "Alternatives". Because of this rich structure, TIM task trees conveys complete information about mandatory sequences, options, alternatives, conditions and cycles. They therefore are not bound to external enhancements, such as the "Plans" that are mapped onto task trees in HTA.
The formal language monitoring this architecture is built up by combining three primitive entities, namely "objects", "facets" and "operations". Objects are entities baring properties or being affected by operations, Facets stand for some feature of an object in a given situation, Operations express concrete or abstract manipulations performed on objects.
States and properties (descriptions) populate the perimeter of a task (access, input, output, side effect); actions (at least one) build up the task's procedure. Whereas the goal (the polarity between input and output) distinguishes optional tasks from mandatory ones in a given situation, the access allows to code task features, such as "conditional" or "cyclic" without any enhancement of the basic task tree. The blue text in the-figure below shows a syntactic model of a simple task.
The actual model reduces in fact to the following expressions:
The positions of the elements define the category they belong to (in sequence, task name, access, input, output, side effect and procedure). The combination of the meaning of the expressions and the category they belong to allow appropriate translation into natural language: the access is here translated into "the target file's icon must be displayed", "must" expresses the fact that the description is placed within the access. Moreover, the fact that the access is not empty reveals the fact that the task is conditional (in our example task, if the icon is not displayed, the procedure cannot be performed).
Timgroup [http://www.timgroup.fr/en/]

</doc>
<doc id="20696203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696203" title="Double Cross (2005 film)">
Double Cross (2005 film)

Double Cross: Ek Dhoka is a 2005 Bollywood film starring Negar Khan and Sahil Khan, her ex-husband. Negar Khan plays the role of the wife who is the bread-winner of the family. Ayesha Jhulka is Sonia, who coerces her husband to be a gigolo.

</doc>
<doc id="20696208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696208" title="Geoff Keith">
Geoff Keith

Geoffrey Leyden "Geoff" Keith (1937–1975), played first-class cricket for Somerset, Hampshire and Western Province.
Somerset cricketer.
born at Winchester, Hampshire on 19 November 1937, Keith made his first-class debut for Somerset against Cambridge University in May 1959, scoring 40 in his first innings. He played only one further first-team match that year, but in 1960 was given a run of 10 matches in the first half of the season. But his highest score was only 48 in the match against Gloucestershire at Bath, and his bowling was not used at all. After three unsuccessful games in the early part of the 1961 season, he left Somerset at the end of the season and joined Hampshire for the 1962 season.
Hampshire career.
In his first match for his new county, Keith scored 82 and 12 not out against Oxford University, but though it was a new highest score for him it was also his only first-class match of the 1962 season. He played only three matches in 1963, but the long-standing opening batsman Jimmy Gray was available for only the second half of the 1964 season, and Keith stood in for him for the first two months, opening with Roy Marshall, though he failed to retain his place for long once Gray was available again. In the most prolific season of his career, he scored 653 runs with a highest of 75 and an average of 21.76.
There were more matches but a different batting position in 1965: Barry Reed and Mike Barnard became Marshall's more regular opening partners, while Keith resumed batting in the middle order. His aggregate for the season at 561 runs was lower than in 1964, but his average had improved to 26.75 and the season included the only century of his career, an unbeaten 101 in the match against the South African touring side. His little used off-spin also got its best reward in the 1965 season, with four wickets for 49 runs in Gloucestershire's first innings in the match at Bristol.
In 1966, however, Keith went back to being a bit-part player in the Hampshire side, playing only seven matches and making only 86 runs in them. He had a further good run in the first team in the first months of the 1967 season, and made 53 against Sussex before losing his place. Regaining it with an innings of 85 against Oxford University, he lost it again only two games later, and, with younger players such as David Turner and Keith Wheatley seizing their chances, he was not picked again. He left Hampshire at the end of the season to move to South Africa.
South Africa and after.
Keith played twice for Western Province in the B section of the Currie Cup, but made little impact. He returned to Hampshire to become the county's cricket coach in 1971, and played and captained the second eleven from 1971 to 1975. The levels of fitness and the high standard of fielding were cited as among the reasons why an unfancied Hampshire won its second County Championship title in 1973.
Early death.
Keith died at Southampton on 26 December 1975 from a heart attack aged 38. His obituary in Wisden states: "His early death was particularly tragic as he was a man who took great pains to keep himself physically fit."
External links.
Geoff Keith at www.cricketarchive.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20696210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696210" title="William O'Brien, 2nd Marquess of Thomond">
William O'Brien, 2nd Marquess of Thomond

William O'Brien, 2nd Marquess of Thomond, 6th Earl of Inchiquin KP PC (I) (1765 – 21 August 1846) was an Irish peer. He was born in Ennistymon, County Clare, to Capt. Edward Dominic O'Brien and Mary Carrick. He succeeded by special remainder as Marquess of Thomond in 1808 on the death of his uncle Murrough O'Brien, 1st Marquess of Thomond and was appointed a Privy Councillor and Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 11 November 1809.
He was created Baron Tadcaster in the British Peerage in 1826.
On his death in 1846 his title passed by the same special remainder to his brother James O'Brien, 3rd Marquess of Thomond.
Family.
William O'Brien married Elizabeth Rebecca Trotter (1775–1852), daughter of Thomas Trotter of Duleek co Meath on 16 September 1799.
They had no son but four daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="20696224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696224" title="Francine Fox">
Francine Fox

Francine Fox (born March 16, 1949) is an American sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. She won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Fox was born in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20696225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696225" title="Campeloma decisum">
Campeloma decisum

Campeloma decisum, common name the pointed campeloma, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="20696232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696232" title="Howe Browne, 2nd Marquess of Sligo">
Howe Browne, 2nd Marquess of Sligo

Howe Peter Browne, 2nd Marquess of Sligo, KP, PC, PC (I), (18 May 1788, London – 26 January 1845, Tunbridge Wells), was an Irish peer and colonial governor, styled Viscount Westport until 1800 and Earl of Altamont from 1800 to 1809.
Howe Browne was the son and heir of John Browne, 1st Marquess of Sligo. He was educated at Eton and Jesus College, Cambridge, receiving his MA as Lord Altamont in 1808. He became Marquess of Sligo in 1809 on the death of his father and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 11 November 1809. On 4 March 1816 he married Hester Catherine, daughter of John de Burgh, 13th Earl of Clanricarde. In 1834-35 he was Governor-General and Vice-Admiral of Jamaica.
He is buried at Kensal Green Cemetery. The village of Sligoville in Jamaica is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20696236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696236" title="The Wife's Family">
The Wife's Family

"The Wife's Family (also released as My Wife's Family") is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Gene Gerrard, Muriel Angelus and Amy Veness.

</doc>
<doc id="20696244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696244" title="Circle (Big Head Todd and the Monsters song)">
Circle (Big Head Todd and the Monsters song)

"Circle" was the third single from Boulder, Colorado-based rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters' major label debut album "Sister Sweetly", which eventually went platinum. It reached #21 on the Mainstream Rock Chart, with their first two singles, "Bittersweet" and "Broken Hearted Savior", also charting.
Big Head Todd & the Monsters performed ""Circle"" during an appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman"[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rq7nUrGuHas]. A music video was also made, which features the band playing the song live interspersed with clips of a dog chained to a post, running in circles while his master holds up sheets of OSB with various shapes painted on them.

</doc>
<doc id="20696264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696264" title="Floyd Landis doping case">
Floyd Landis doping case

The Floyd Landis doping case is a doping scandal that featured Floyd Landis, the initial winner of the 2006 Tour de France. After a meltdown in Stage 16, where he had lost ten minutes, Landis came back in Stage 17 riding solo and passing his whole team. However, a urine sample taken from Landis immediately after his Stage 17 win has twice tested positive for banned synthetic testosterone as well as a ratio of testosterone to epitestosterone nearly three times the limit allowed by World Anti-Doping Agency rules. The International Cycling Union stripped him of his 2006 Tour de France title. Second place finisher Óscar Pereiro was officially declared the winner. The only previous Tour de France winner to be disqualified was 1904 Tour de France winner Maurice Garin.
Prelude.
Landis was wearing the maillot jaune prior to Stage 16, but then lost eight minutes and seemed finished. However, Landis spectacularly came back in Stage 17, winning the stage and cutting his deficit to leader Óscar Pereiro to half a minute. Overtaking him after the Stage 19 time trial, Landis was celebrated as the winner of the 2006 Tour de France.
Doping accusation.
On July 27, 2006, four days after Tour had finished, the Phonak Cycling Team announced Floyd Landis had a urine test come back positive, having an unusually high ratio of the hormone testosterone to the hormone epitestosterone (T/E ratio) after the epic performance in Stage 17. Landis denied having doped and placed faith in a test using his backup sample. Phonak stated that he would be dismissed should the backup sample also test positive. It did, and Landis was suspended from professional cycling and dismissed from his team. Landis's personal physician Arnie Baker later disclosed that the test had found a T/E ratio of first 12:1, later 11:1, in Landis, far above the maximum allowable ratio of 4:1. The test on Landis's Stage 17 A sample had been performed by the French government's anti-doping clinical laboratory, the National Laboratory for Doping Detection (LNDD). LNDD is a division of the Ministry of Youth, Sport, and Social Life and is accredited by WADA, the World Anti-Doping Agency. The B sample confirmed the A sample, and also tested positive for an unnatural source of testosterone.
Following the reported positive drug test on his A sample, Landis suggested that the results had been improperly released by the UCI. On August 9, 2006, UCI president Pat McQuaid rejected the claim, saying, "We acted correctly. We informed the team, the rider, and the federation that there had been an irregularity. Then we issued a press release saying that an unnamed rider had been found positive in the Tour. Landis's team published his name, two days later... I have full faith in that laboratory, and there are stringent measures kept in place by the anti-doping agencies to ensure they proceed correctly."
Landis has written a book titled "Positively False" which contains his personal account of the case and in which he maintains his innocence.
USADA Arbitration.
On May 14, 2007 an arbitration hearing began between the USADA and Landis regarding the doping allegations. On September 20, 2007, the arbitrators found Landis guilty of doping.
"Whisky defense".
On August 1, 2006 the "New York Times" reported that according to a source at the UCI Landis's urine test had revealed synthetic testosterone in his body.
Despite this, Landis claimed his innocence: "We will explain to the world why this is not a doping case, but a natural occurrence" and that the testosterone in his body was "natural and produced by my own organism." The variety of explanations offered up by Landis provided fodder for many skeptical columns by sports journalists and inspiration for satirists such as late-night national TV show host David Letterman, who presented the "Top 10 Floyd Landis Excuses" on his show. Several experts have refuted Landis's assertions. Landis at first blamed consumption of whisky for his unusual results. This approach was widely ridiculed. Prof. Christiane Ayotte, director of Montreal's anti-doping laboratory, said that "In 25 years of experience of testing testosterone ... such a huge increase in the level of testosterone cannot be expected to come from any natural factors." David Black, a forensic toxicologist for Nashville-based Aegis Sciences, said, "There are not hundreds of plausible explanations. If the tests were so unreliable that there were hundreds of possible reasons, there would be no point in performing the tests."
Landis later backtracked from some of the assertions, saying, "The whisky idea was not mine and the dehydration was a theory from the lawyers I hired in Spain to represent me". 
On September 8, 2006, Landis's attorney announced that he would formally request that the case be dropped on the grounds that LNDD's 370 page report revealed inconsistencies in the way the samples were handled.
Exogenous testosterone.
On August 1, 2006, media reports said that synthetic testosterone had been detected in the A sample, using the carbon isotope ratio test, CIR, conducted at LNDD. The presence of synthetic testosterone means that some of the testosterone in Landis’s body came from an external source and was not naturally produced by his own system. These results conflict with Landis's public assertion that it was a natural occurrence.
The CIR test is used to distinguish between testosterone produced naturally by the athlete's body and synthetic testosterone introduced from an outside source. The test is performed by Isotope Ratio Mass Spectrometry (IRMS). According to Gary I. Wadler, M.D., a member of the World Anti-Doping Agency, the carbon isotope ratio test needs to be done only once, on either an A or on a B sample, particularly if the athlete’s T/E ratio is high as in Landis's case.
It has been suggested that Landis may have been using testosterone over the long term but either masking it or diluting it to avoid detection. The positive test result would therefore have been from a mistake with the alleged doping program on one day. 
Landis gave a total of eight samples during the 2006 Tour de France. As part of its prosecution, USADA had remaining "B" portions of the other samples tested by the French laboratory. Four of those samples also showed the presence of synthetic testosterone.
Appeals.
On September 11, 2006, Landis asked a U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) review board to dismiss the doping charges against him. Landis's request was made on the basis that the A and B urine samples from stage 17 of the Tour de France do not meet the established World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for a positive doping offense. Landis's lawyer said in a statement: "The single testosterone/epitestosterone analysis in this case is replete with fundamental, gross errors." The lawyer also claims that the positive finding on the B sample came from a sample number not assigned to Landis.
The review board notified Landis on September 18 of its recommendation that USADA proceed with the disciplinary process. Howard Jacobs, attorney for Landis, requested an open hearing by the American Arbitration Association to contest potential sanctions against the athlete.
Arnie Baker.
On April 14, 2009 the French newspaper "L'Express" reported information that had been obtained from hacking into the French National Laboratory for Doping Detection was sent to a Canadian counterpart lab from a computer registered to Arnie Baker, Landis' former coach. The French police later invited Landis and Baker to attend a court hearing to answer questions regarding the issue. On July 31, 2009 the New York Times featured an article on corporate spying in France. The article stated that,"No evidence has surfaced to connect Mr. Landis or Dr. Baker to the hacking, and each has denied any involvement."
Verdict.
On September 20, 2007, Landis' doping accusation was upheld by an arbitration panel deciding between him and USADA and Landis was banned for two years. In response to this, International Cycling Union formally stripped him of his 2006 Tour de France title and second place finisher Óscar Pereiro was officially declared the winner. The only previous Tour de France winner to be disqualified was 1904 Tour de France winner Maurice Garin.
Landis was also banned from the sport for two years, dated retroactively to January 2007. Even before the USADA's ruling on this matter, the controversy resulted in the disbandment of Landis's former team, Phonak.
Landis agreed not to participate in any racing in France in 2007 to allow him to postpone a hearing of his case there for as long as possible. On December 19, 2007, the French Anti-Doping Agency found him guilty of doping, and issued a two-year suspension, which barred him from racing in France until early 2009.
After this verdict, Landis tried to reverse this decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport. On June 20, 2008, he lost this appeal. In September 2008 Landis moved in U.S. federal court to vacate the CAS arbitration award, contending that the procurement of the award was tainted by partiality and conflicts of interest. Additionally, Landis contested the $100,000 US "costs" award, characterizing it as a disguised punitive award. In December 2008 Landis and the USADA reached a settlement and agreed to withdraw the case with prejudice, leading some to believe that the USADA waived the $100,000 fine in return for the cessation of litigation. Regardless of the reasons for dismissing the case, litigation is now complete and final.
Reaction among cyclists.
After Landis' A sample tested positive for testosterone, retired American cyclist and three-time Tour de France winner Greg LeMond doubted whether additional doping tests would reverse Landis's earlier results. He stated,
Fellow professional and 10 time Tour de France cyclist, Australian Stuart O'Grady, left no doubt as to his view in an interview for the Australian 60 Minutes program televised on 22 July 2007. The reporter Liz Hayes asked O'Grady: "Would anyone have picked that — that the winner of last year's race was a drug cheat?" O'Grady replied,
Support from Lance Armstrong.
On July 28, 2006, Landis appeared on "Larry King Live" to explain his situation and reiterate his innocence.
Former seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong phoned the show to express support for his former teammate. Armstrong expressed skepticism of the French laboratory that conducted Landis's drug test, noting it is the same laboratory involved in some of the doping allegations against him. 
Armstrong continuously expressed support for Landis and stated his conviction that the process is biased against athletes.
Admission.
In May 2010, Landis admitted to doping, though he continued to deny taking testosterone at the 2006 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="20696266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696266" title="Merchant Marine Defense Bar">
Merchant Marine Defense Bar

The Merchant Marine Defense Medal (Bar) is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine. The decoration was established by an Act of Congress on August 14, 1944.
Conditions.
The decoration is awarded to members of the Merchant Marine who served aboard United States merchant ships between September 8, 1939 and December 7, 1941.
Design.
Prior to 1992, the Merchant Marine Defense Medal was a ribbon-only decoration; otherwise known as the Merchant Marine Defense Bar. 
On May 19, 1992, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced the availability of new medals for civilian merchant seamen, in recognition of their service in World War II, Korea and Vietnam. The medals are being issued to supplement war zone ribbon bars previously awarded to civilian mariners who supported the nation's armed forces in these wars.
The new medal design consists of:
The shield and anchor, from the United States Maritime Service Seal, are superimposed in a ship's wheel, denoting control and maritime service. The laurel branches symbolize achievement and excellence.

</doc>
<doc id="20696272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696272" title="All Wrapped Up in Christmas">
All Wrapped Up in Christmas

All Wrapped Up in Christmas is the title of the first Christmas album released by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It was released in late 2007 on his own label, Rocky Comfort Records. The album's title track charted at #57 on Hot Country Songs in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20696278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696278" title="Arthur Hill, 3rd Marquess of Downshire">
Arthur Hill, 3rd Marquess of Downshire

Arthur Blundell Sandys Trumbull Hill, 3rd Marquess of Downshire KP (8 October 1778, Hanover Square – 12 September 1845) was an Irish peer, styled Viscount Fairford from 1789 until 1793 and Earl of Hillsborough from 1793 to 1801.
He was born in Hanover Square, the eldest son of Arthur Hill, 2nd Marquess of Downshire and his wife Mary Sandys. He became Marquess of Downshire on the early death of his father in 1801. He was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, gaining his MA in 1809 and a DCL in 1810.
In 1811 he married Lady Mary Windsor, daughter of Other Windsor, 5th Earl of Plymouth. They had five children:
During his early political career, Downshire was identified with the Whigs and supported the reform of Parliament. After the Grey Ministry came to power, he received a succession of appointments, becoming Colonel of the South Down Militia on 25 March 1831, carrying the second sword at the coronation of William IV on 8 September, appointed a deputy lieutenant of Berkshire on 20 September, Lord Lieutenant of Down on 17 October (a new office replacing the Governor of Down), and finally a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 24 November 1831. He received an LL.D from Cambridge on 6 July 1835.

</doc>
<doc id="20696301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696301" title="Voi meitä! Anoppi tulee">
Voi meitä! Anoppi tulee

Voi meitä! Anoppi tulee is a 1933 Finnish comedy film directed by Erkki Karu and starring Mia Backman, Uuno Laakso and Georg Malmstén.
In 1941 it was remade as the British film My Wife's Family.

</doc>
<doc id="20696308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696308" title="Franz von Werner">
Franz von Werner

Franz Xaver Karl Georg Arthur von Werner, better known by his pseudonym and Muslim name Murad Effendi, (Vienna, 30 May 1836 – The Hague, 12 September 1881) was an Austrian writer, and diplomat for the Ottoman Empire.
Biography.
He was the son of Franz von Werner, a Croatian landowner of Austro-German origin, and his wife, the former Eleonore Pfeiffer. After completing high school he joined an Austrian cavalry regiment. During the Russo-Turkish Crimean War he became an officer in the Turkish army, converting to Islam.
In 1856, after the third Peace of Paris, Werner entered politics. As a secretary with special powers he was dispatched on an extraordinary mission for the Affairs of Montenegro and Herzegovina and was later personal secretary of Grand Vizier Mehmed Emin Aali Pasha. In 1859 he undertook a special mission to Bucharest, and in 1860 to Palermo. In 1864 he was the Turkish Consul for the Banat headquartered in Timişoara.
During his stay in Timişoara, he returned to the poetic literary aspirations of his early youth. Besides the poetry collections "Sounds from the East" and "Through Thuringia" he now wrote tragedies which achieved some success on the German stage, and comedies, which were far more popular. Von Werner presented his experiences and insights on the political and social conditions of the Ottoman Empire in his "Turkish Sketches".
In 1867 he married Henriette Christine Ebell (1840 – 1887/1910). In the same year their son Franz Karl Vincenz Gaston von Werner Murad Bey was born in Temesvár.
In 1872 he was Consul General in Venice, in 1874 Consul General in Dresden, in 1877 Minister Resident at the Courts of The Hague and Stockholm and in 1880 he became the envoy extraordinary and Minister in those Courts.
He died at The Hague in 1881.
Issue.
His son married in 1900 Gabriele Sophia Wilhelmine Emma Maria von Michalkowski (Schloss Littentschitz, 4 May 1877 - 1963), daughter of Eduard von Michalkowski (Stendal, 1836 - Krems, 1930) and wife (m. 28 October 1873) Gabriele Wilhelmine Johanna Adelheid Beata Freiin von Podstatzky-Prussinowitz und Thonsern (10 May 1848 - Krems, 18 February 1913), and had issue, being the great-grandfather of Philomena de Tornos y Steinhart, wife of Prince Jean, Duke of Vendôme. He died in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20696318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696318" title="Arthur Hill, 4th Marquess of Downshire">
Arthur Hill, 4th Marquess of Downshire

Arthur Wills Blundell Sandys Trumbull Windsor Hill, 4th Marquess of Downshire KP (6 August 1812 – 6 August 1868) was an Irish peer, styled Earl of Hillsborough until 1845.
The eldest son of Arthur Hill, 3rd Marquess of Downshire, Hillsborough was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. He was commissioned an ensign in the Royal South Down Militia, of which his father was colonel, on 4 June, and was commissioned lieutenant-colonel in the same on 10 September. 
He was appointed Sheriff of County Down for 1834. From 1836 until 1845, he represented Down in Parliament, and was a justice of the peace for the county as well.
On 23 August 1837, he married Hon. Caroline Frances Stapleton Cotton, the eldest daughter of Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere. They had four children:
He became Marquess of Downshire on 12 April 1845 on the death of his father, and was appointed to his father's Militia colonelcy on 30 July. His English residence was Easthampstead Park in Berkshire, and he was appointed a deputy lieutenant of that county in 1852, and a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 24 May 1859. He had Easthampstead Church rebuilt in 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="20696321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696321" title="Lawrence C. Bank">
Lawrence C. Bank

Lawrence C. Bank is the Associate Provost for Research at The City College of New York and a Professor in the Department of Civil Engineering at the Grove School of Engineering. He is a registered Professional Engineer in the State of Wisconsin and the District of Columbia. He is a Fellow of the American Society of Civil Engineers, as well as a Fellow and currently President of the International Institute for FRP Composites in Construction. Prior to joining CCNY, Dr. Bank was on the faculty of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, The Catholic University of America and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He has worked as a structural engineer for Leslie E. Robertson and Associates in New York City and as a consultant for the composite materials industry.
Education.
Bank completed his undergraduate degree in Civil Engineering at the Israel Institute of Technology in 1980. He received a Masters degree in Civil Engineering from Columbia University in 1982 and a Masters of Philosophy degree in the field of Engineering Mechanics from Columbia in 1984. In 1985 Bank completed his Ph.D in Civil Engineering and Engineering Mechanics from Columbia University. Bank is registered as a Professional Engineer (P.E.) in both the state of Wisconsin and the District of Columbia.
Research areas.
Dr. Bank's primary research is in the area of the mechanics and design of composite material structures with an emphasis on applications to civil engineering. He has authored numerous technical publications on composite materials and structures. He is the author of the textbook "Composites for Construction: Structural Design with FRP Materials" (Wiley, 2006). Bank holds three patents.
Awards.
In 1999, Dr. Bank was awarded the ASCE's Walter L. Huber Civil Engineering Research Prize for his research and contributions to the field of fiber reinforced plastic/advanced composite materials and their application in civil engineering construction. In 2001, Dr. Bank was awarded the Richard R. Torrens Award from ASCE for exemplary work as the founding editor of the ASCE Journal of Composites for Construction and in 2002 he was awarded the Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize by ASCE. In 2005, his work on FRP grid reinforcements for concrete bridge decks was recognized by Popular Science as one of "Best of What's New 2005."

</doc>
<doc id="20696322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696322" title="Shane Nelson (fighter)">
Shane Nelson (fighter)

Shane Nelson (born November 29, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist. He was a cast member of SpikeTV's "". In addition to the UFC, Nelson has also competed for the MFC, Shooto, and Shark Fights.
Mixed martial arts career.
For the last six years, Nelson has trained with former UFC Lightweight Champion B.J. Penn. Nelson has worked in construction, and now trains full-time with Troy Mandaloniz, Kendall Grove and Anthony Torres.
"The Ultimate Fighter".
Nelson earned a spot in the house by defeating Charles Diaz via decision after two rounds. Later on, the fighters were given the opportunity to watch UFC 84 on TV. While watching, Junie Browning and Shane began drinking. The pair soon became belligerent and started to throw things into the pool and attempted to pick fights with the other fighters. The next day, UFC President Dana White came to the house and expressed his displeasure with the Nelson and Browning's actions. He announced his decision to give them a second chance and did not kick them off of the show. White then spoke to the coaches to ensure that Nelson would be in the first Lightweight fight. Efrain Escudero defeated Shane in the second round with a head triangle.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Nelson won his UFC debut against former cast mate George Roop. Nelson won the fight via split decision.
Nelson had his second fight in the UFC defeating Aaron Riley at UFC 96, Nelson won via TKO 44 seconds into the first round. The stoppage is being called one of the worst in UFC history. Nelson was later defeated by Riley via unanimous decision in a rematch at UFC 101.
Nelson was released from the UFC after losing to Matt Wiman via unanimous decision at UFC 107.
DREAM.
Nelson was set to fight Shinya Aoki on very short notice at DREAM. Fight for Japan!. However, Aoki declined to fight Nelson, and he was replaced by Rich Clementi.
Personal life.
Nelson has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="20696342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696342" title="Dick Whittington and His Cat">
Dick Whittington and His Cat

Dick Whittington and His Cat is the name of English folklore surrounding the real-life Richard Whittington of the 14th century, wealthy merchant thrice Lord Mayor of London, alleging he escaped his poverty-stricken childhood and made his fortune thanks to the ratting abilities of his cat. However, the real Whittington did not come from a poor family and there is no compelling evidence that he owned a cat.
The earliest recorded instance of the folklore in written form is a registry notice 1604-5 for a theatrical play. It has been known in ballad form, at least since the version published by Richard Johnson in 1612. The prose tale version is known, at the earliest, from a chapbook of 1656, by T. H. (possibly Thomas Heywood).
The story was adapted into puppet play by Martin Powell in the early 18th century. Later, it has been performed as stage pantomimes and children's plays. It has also been retold as a children's story by a number of printers and authors to this day.
The tale represents Aarne–Thompson (AT) tale type 1651, "Whittington's Cat". A number of foreign and medieval analogues exist to such a tale where the protagonist obtains his riches as recompense for his cat ridding some infested place of its rodent population.
Overview.
Richard Whittington, the son of Sir William Whittington of Gloucester, was a rich merchant and philanthropist in London, who served as Lord Mayor of London at times between 1397 and 1420.
Synopsis.
Dick Whittington was a poor orphan boy. Hearing of the great city of London, where the streets were said to be paved with gold, he set off to seek his fortune in the big city. Once there, of course, Dick could not find any streets that were paved with gold. Hungry, cold and tired, he fell asleep in front of the great house of Mr. Fitzwarren, a rich merchant. The generous man took Dick into his house and employed him as a scullery boy. Unfortunately, Dick's little room was infested with rats. Dick earned a penny shining a gentleman's shoes, and with it he bought a cat, who drove off the rats. One day, Mr. Fitzwarren asked his servants to send something in his ship, leaving on a journey to a far off port, to trade for gold. Reluctantly, Dick sent his beloved cat.
Dick was happy living with Mr. Fitzwarren, except that Fitzwarren's cook was cruel to Dick, who eventually decided to run away. But before he could leave the city, he heard the Bow Bells ring out. They seemed to be saying, 
<poem>
"Turn again Whittington, thrice Lord Mayor of London".
</poem>
Dick retraced his steps and found that Mr. Fitzwarren's ship had returned. It turned out that the ship had visited the court of the King of Barbary, whose palace was overrun with mice. Dick's cat had been hailed a hero for ridding the court of the vermin, and the King had purchased the cat for a great fortune. Dick was a rich man. He joined Mr. Fitzwarren in his business and married his daughter Alice, and in time became the Lord Mayor of London three times, just as the bells had predicted.
Publication history.
The drama "The History of Richard Whittington, of his lowe byrth, his great fortune" was licensed for the stage 1604-1605. Since this only known from the record Stationers' Registers, the play cannot necessarily be said to have accounted his rise from "lowe birth" by means of a cat, however, right around the same time, the play "Eastward Hoe" (1605) makes explicit reference to the cat association in its line: "When the famous fable of Whittington and his puss shall be forgotten" as the earliest allusion.
Ballad.
The cat story in ballad form certainly could be traced from approximately this period.
"The vertuous lyfe and memorable death of Sir Richard Whittington, mercer, sometymes Lord Maiour of the honorable Citie of London" was licensed on 16 July 1605 to be printed by John Wright, now exists only in record. However, Richard Johnson wrote a ballad on the subject, included in his "Crowne Garland of Goulden Roses" 1612, and which begins:
"Here must I tell the praise / Of worthie Whittington.. ",
goes on to tell how Whittington had a humble past working as a kitchen scullion, but he "had a cat.. And by it wealth he gat." This ballad is assigned the tune of "Dainty come thou to me". A number of broadside ballad printings have been made into the 19th century, with substantially identical lyrics and the same tune. Many feature woodcut illustriations. A version entitled "London's Glory and Whittington's Renown; or, A Looking-Glass for CItizens of London", printed for R. Burton at the Horse-Shoe, in West Smithfield, ca. 1650 has been reprinted from the Roxburghe collection.
Prose tale version.
The chapbook "The Famous and Remarkable History of Sir Richard Whittington" by "T.H." (first edition, 1656,) is the earliest extant text of the prose tale in the estimation of its editor Henry B. Wheatley. He used as base text an undated edition they estimated to be from ca. 1670, earlier than the 1678 example held by the British Library. The authorship only given as "T. H." is ascribable to Thomas Heywood. Heywood certainly knew the cat story, for it is spoken of by the cast of characters in his play "If you know not me, you know nobody" (1606). Another is titled "An Old Ballad of Whittington and his Cat," printed and sold in Aldermary Church Yard, London, catalogued ESTC N68225, dated 1750?. Several copies of this exist in the Bodleian library (which was bequeathed the Francis Douce collection), as well as U.S. libraries.
Puppet play productions.
There is an early record of puppet performance of the legend, dating to Samuel Pepys's diary of Sept. 21, 1668, which reads: "To Southwark Fair, very dirty, and there saw the puppet show of Whittington, which was pretty to see".
Performances of "Whittington and his Cat" were also put on by puppeteer Martin Powell (fl. 1710–1729). Powell was a successful showman, providing such a draw at Covent Garden that the parish church of St. Paul would be drained of its congregation during hours of prayer when his plays were on. An advertisement bill of the puppet show has been copied out in "Groans of Great Britain", once credited to Daniel Defoe but since reattributed Charles Gildon (d. 1724), which gives two titles for the features:
"At Punch's Theater in the Little Piazza, Covent-Garden, this present Evening will be performed an Entertainment, called, "The History of Sir Richard Whittington," shewing his Rise from a Scullion to be Lord-Mayor of London, with the Comical Humours of Old Madge, the jolly Chamber-maid, and the Representation of the Sea, and the Court of Great Britain, concluding with the Court of Aldermen, and "Whittington Lord-Mayor", honoured with the Presence of K. Hen. VIII. and his Queen Anna Bullen, with other diverting Decorations proper to the Play, beginning at 6 o' clock." 
The puppet play "Whittington and his Cat" was reviewed by an anonymous correspondent in "The Spectator", No. 14, dated March 16, 1711, soon after it opened. It featured Punch (of the Punch and Judy shows) as did all of Powell's puppet plays. Punch danced a minuet with a trained pig in the opening scene, and later gives his "reflections on the French" that was a breach of "the Moral". As was King Harry (Henry VIII) resting his leg on his queen in an immodest manner. Little else on the performance can be gleaned, except that the hero's role was performed in a squeaky high voice, just like the lead of the Italian opera "Rinaldo and Armida", the rival draw at the time at Covent Garden which the anonymous reviewer was simultaneously critiqueing. The reviewer concludes "as the Wit of both pieces are equal, I must prefer.. Mr Powell, because it is in our own language."
Operas.
An opera production that never came into realization was a topic in Joseph Addison's piece in "The Spectator" (1711). Addison states he was "credibly informed that there was once a Design of casting into an Opera the Story of "Whittington" and his Cat, and that in order to it, there had been got together a grat Quantity yo Mice," but that Mr. Rich (Christopher Rich) who was proprietor of the playhouse (he managed several including Drury Lane theatre) objected that the rodents once release will not be thoroughly collected.
Later "Whittington and his Cat," an opera written by Samuel Davey, was performed at the Theatre in Smock Alley, Dublin, 1739.
Modern printings.
The artist George Cruikshank published an illustrated version of the story in about 1820. The American Joseph Jacobs printed a version that is a composite of three chapbook texts in his "English Fairy Tales" (1890).
Early allusions.
Commentators have also listed pieces of art and architecture which might be allusions to the legend of "Dick Whittington and His Cat" that predate the literary productions of the early 1600s.
Allegedly there was a portrait of him depicted with a cat dating to 1572. The painting was in the apartment of the clerk of Mercers' Company at Mercers' Hall, as reported by James Peller Malcolm (d. 1815) in "Londinium Redivivum", Vol. 4 (1807). According to Malcolm, who evidently examined it, this portrait of Whittington's had "on the left hand of the figure is a black and white cat, whose right ear reaches up to the band or broad turning down to the shirt of the figure." He admits that the 1572 date had been repainted at a later date after the canvas was cropped, but commented that "it is hardly to be supposed" that this date "was then invented".
This painting has apparently since disappeared, and could not be located by Lysons who published the mayor's biography in 1860. But Lysons owned a copy of an engraving by Reginald Elstrack (1570 – after 1625), which Lysons adduces must be a faithful copy of the same artwork. This engraving, entitled the "True Portraicture" or "Vera Effigies Preclarmi Domini Richardi Whittington Equi Aurat" is reproduced in the inset of Lyson's work. The engraving cannot be definitely dated, though Lysons noted that the printmaker flourished ca. 1590, and this is the date assigned by Besant & Rice. It has also been noted that the engraving originally depicted Whittington with a skull under his hand, but had been replaced with a cat underneath, to cater to public taste, "as the common people did not care to buy the print without it".
Whittington's statue with a cat stood at Newgate Prison, attested by a record from 1776 (or 1766), claimed by biographers to have stood at the time of the Great Fire of 1666, possibly having erected according to the mayor's own will after his death in 1423(?). (See §Whittington's statue with the cat).
Also a chariot with a carved cat, purportedly presented by Whittington's heirs to the merchant's guild in 1572, was available for the biographer Samuel Lysons to examine. Today, on Highgate Hill in front of the Whittington Hospital, there is a statue in honour of Whittington's legendary cat on the site where, in the story, the distant Bow Bells call young Dick back to London to claim his fortune.
Origins.
The story is only loosely based on the life of Richard Whittington. Although Alice Fitzwarren, Dick's love interest in the play, is named after the historical Richard Whittington's wife, there is no historical evidence that Whittington ever had a cat. It is unknown how the cat story came to be attached to Whittington. The "ingenious" suggestions were made by Henry Thomas Riley that the cat may be a corruption of the French "achat" or purchase, or else may come from "cat," name for a coal-carrying boat that Whittington used for trading, but downplayed as implausible by later commentators.
Parallels.
Antiquarians have noticed similarities to foreign tales of medieval origin that also relate how a character made his fortune through his cat.
Two Italian examples are noted. One was told by Lorenzo Magalotti (d. 1732), regarding a 16th-century merchant Ansaldo degli Ormanni who made his fortune from a cat off the king of the isle of Canary. Another, recorded as a tale "Novella delle Gatte" ("Tale of the cat") told by Piovano Arlotto (d. 1484), published in the collection of witticisms ("Facetiae") attributed to him.
It has been remarked by one of the biographies that a similar tale is "also found in a German chronicle of the thirteenth century." Albert von Stade in his "Chronicon Alberti Abbati Stadensis" records such an anecdote, localized in Venice, and Keightley who provides account of it notes that the cat story of this kind "was apparently an old one in Italy," for it purports to have taken place to two of the earliest citizens of Venice after its founding.
A Persian story localized around Keish (Kish Island) tells of a certain widow's son who lived in the tenth century and made his fortune in India with his cat, occurs in "Tarik al-Wasaf," a 13th-century chronicle. The similarity was noted by James Morier, "Second Journey" (1818), and William Gore Ouseley, "Travels" (1819).
A convenient source of the parallels is Thomas Keightley devotes his Chapter VII of his "Tales and Popular Fictions" (1834) boasting he has made the largest compilation of these parallels, though he was not the first to make not of the parallels in published form.
It is considered an analogue of Grimms' tale KHM 70 "Die drei Glückskinder" ("The Three Sons of Fortune"), and Bolte and Polívka's "Anmerkungen" lists various parallel folktales across the globe. In modern folkloristics, the tale is classified as Aarne–Thompson (AT) tale type 1651 "Whittington's Cat".
Whittington's statue with the cat.
At some time, Whittington's statue with a cat was erected at Newgate Prison. The one primary evidence given is a "diurnal" (journal) from when the prison was being demolished in 1776 (or 1766), which stated that "on Tuesday, July 9th, the statue of Whittington and his cat was taken down from Newgate; that statue with the others are to be placed in the new prison in the Old Bailey." So Thomas Pennant's statement that "his statue, with the cat, remained in a niche to its final demolition" was ostensibly referring to that demolition in 1776.
Yet several subsequent biographies seizing on this statement insist that Pennant meant the destruction of the prison by the Great Fire of 1666. Hence according to Besand and Rice, the statue of Whittington with the Cat, on the authority of Pennant, "remained on the gate in a niche until the fire," and Samuel Lysons is "(led) to suppose that the Cat was placed there by Whittington's own executors" (i.e., executors of his will).
Whittington, who deplored the squalor of the prison, did indeed leave a will for the West End prison and its gate to be pulled down and rebuilt as Newgate gaol. But a copy of Whittington's will kept at Guildhall, that prescribes this fails to mention a statue, or him and his cat.
A century after the demolition, English antiquarians were making inquiries of the statue's whereabouts, and one of the respondents replied it was "doubtless destroyed in the fire." Another responded that the statue of Liberty that once used to have a figure of Whittington's cat at her feet could still be seen, mounted on the south face of the modern Newgate. The stone Liberty was one of a set of seven, the others being Peace, Plenty, Concord, and Justice, Mercy, and Truth. It was given as the opinion of this respondent that "any one at a glance must see (the Liberty figure) was never intended for Whittington's likeness", William Maitland, "The History and Survey of London" (1756) too made it clear that this was a female figure, stating that the human-size figure "representing "Liberty", has carved on her Hat the Word "Libertas", and the Figure of a Cat lying at her Feet, alluding to the Figure of Sir "Richard Whittington"." although the "her" has been altered to "his" in the doctor quotes of some biographers.
It was purported that in 1862 at the site of the former residence of Whittington, there was unearthed a piece of stone, possibly chimney stone, bearing a "basso relievo" of a boy holding a cat. It was allegedly of fifteenth century workmanship. Besant and Rice called this "remarkable proof" that the cat story was in the family, but Wheatley thought it "suspicious". The relic came into the possession of Samuel Lysons.
19th century stage versions.
The first recorded pantomime version of the story was in 1814, starring Joseph Grimaldi as Dame Cicely Suet, the Cook. The pantomime adds another element to the story, an arch villain, the Pantomime King (or sometimes Queen) Rat, as well as the usual pantomime fairy, the Fairy of the Bells. Other added characters are a captain and his mate and some incompetent pirates. In this version, Dick and his cat "Tommy" travel to Morocco, where the cat rids the country of rats. The Sultan rewards Dick with half of his wealth. Sybil Arundale played Dick in many productions in the early years of the 20th century.
The pantomime version is still popular today. Other notable pantomime productions included an 1877 version at the Surrey Theatre described below, as well as the following:
Non-pantomime stage versions included versions by H. J. Byron in 1861, Robert Reece in 1871, and one with music by Jacques Offenbach and English text by H. B. Farnie at the Alhambra Theatre over Christmas 1874–75. An 1895 comic opera version, "Dandy Dick Whittington", played at the Avenue Theatre, written by George Robert Sims and composed by Ivan Caryll.
A number of television versions have been created, including a 2002 version written by Simon Nye and directed by Geoff Posner.
1877 pantomime.
"Dick Whittington and His Cat; Or, Harlequin Beau Bell, Gog and Magog, and the Rats of Rat Castle", by Frank Green, with music by Sidney Davis, was produced at the Surrey Theatre in London, 24 December 1877. It starred the comedian Arthur Williams. Miss Topsy Venn was Dick, and Master David Abrahams was the cat. The Harlequinade featured Tom Lovell as Clown.
"The Era" reviewed the piece, writing, "it completely put in the shade everyone of its predecessors... it would be found well worthy the patronage of the crowds of sight-seers certain to patronise it... It is all life, bustle, briskness, brightness, beauty. There are sweet sounds for your ears, pretty pictures for your eyes, and no end of comicality to make exactions upon your risible faculties."

</doc>
<doc id="20696344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696344" title="2006 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas">
2006 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas

2006 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas was the second edition of Desafio Internacional das Estrelas ("International Challenge of the Stars") held in two heats with Felipe Massa winning the first one and Antônio Pizzonia winning the second one. Overall winner was Felipe Massa.

</doc>
<doc id="20696355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696355" title="Rudolph Sternad">
Rudolph Sternad

Rudolph Sternad was an American art director and production designer. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He was a frequent collaborator of producer-director Stanley Kramer, working with him on virtually all of the films that Kramer directed, and many famous ones that he only produced, such as "High Noon", "Cyrano de Bergerac", and "The Men".
Selected filmography.
Sternad was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:
Only one of the nominations ("Judgement at Nuremberg") was for a Stanley Kramer film.

</doc>
<doc id="20696360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696360" title="Henry Moore, 3rd Marquess of Drogheda">
Henry Moore, 3rd Marquess of Drogheda

Henry Francis Seymour Moore, 3rd Marquess of Drogheda KP PC (I) (14 August 1825 – 29 June 1892) was an Irish peer, styled Viscount Moore until 1837. He became Marquess of Drogheda in 1837 on the death of his uncle Charles Moore, 2nd Marquess of Drogheda and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 7 February 1868. He served as Lord Lieutenant of Kildare from 1874 until his death.
His uncle Charles had been insane for many years, but there is no evidence that Henry was similarly afflicted. He had no children and on his death the Marquessate became extinct; the title Earl of Drogheda passed to a cousin, Ponsonby Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="20696365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696365" title="Pardo's Push">
Pardo's Push

Pardo's Push was an aviation maneuver carried out by Captain Bob Pardo in order to move his wingman's badly damaged F-4 Phantom II to friendly air space during the Vietnam War.
Background.
Captain Bob Pardo (with back-seater 1st Lt Steve Wayne) and wingman Captain Earl Aman (with back-seater 1st Lt Robert Houghton) were assigned to the 8th Tactical Fighter Wing, 433rd Tactical Fighter Squadron, at Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand. In March 1967, they were trying to attack a steel mill in North Vietnam just north of Hanoi.
The push.
On March 10, 1967, the sky was clear for a bombing run, but both F-4 Phantom IIs were hit by anti-aircraft guns. Aman's plane took the worst damage; his fuel tank had been hit, and he quickly lost most of his fuel. He did not have enough fuel to make it to a tanker aircraft over Laos.
To avoid having Aman and Houghton bail out over hostile territory, Pardo decided to try pushing the airplane. Pardo first tried pushing the plane using Aman's drag chute compartment but turbulence prevented this from occurring.
Next, Pardo tried to use Aman's tailhook to push the plane, the Phantom having been originally designed as a naval aircraft equipped with a heavy duty tailhook for landings aboard aircraft carriers.
Aman lowered his tailhook and Pardo moved behind Aman until the tailhook was against Pardo's windscreen. Pardo told Aman to shut down both of his J79 jet engines, as Aman was nearly out of fuel and the engines interfered with Pardo's plan. The push worked, reducing the rate of descent considerably, but the tailhook slipped off the windscreen every 15 to 30 seconds, and Pardo would have to reposition his plane. Pardo also struggled with a fire in one of his own engines and eventually had to shut it down. In the remaining 10 minutes of flight time, Pardo used the one last engine to slow the descent of both planes.
With Pardo's plane running out of fuel after pushing Aman's plane almost 88 miles, the planes reached Laotian airspace at an altitude of 6000 feet. This left them about two minutes of flying time. The two pilots and their backseaters ejected, evaded capture, and were picked up by rescue helicopters.
Although Pardo was initially criticized for not saving his own aircraft, he and Wayne eventually received the Silver Star for the maneuver, albeit nearly two decades after the incident.
Postscript.
In later years, Col Bob Pardo continued to remain concerned for the well-being of his fellow airmen. When he learned that Earl Aman, by then a retired lieutenant colonel, was suffering from Lou Gehrig's disease and had lost his voice and mobility, he founded the Earl Aman Foundation, which raised enough money to buy Aman a voice synthesizer, a motorized wheelchair, and a computer. In concert with the Red River Valley Fighter Pilots Association ("River Rats"), the foundation later worked to buy a van for Lt Col Aman, which Aman used until his death. In peace or war, says Bob Pardo, "if one of us gets in trouble, everyone else gets together to help."

</doc>
<doc id="20696371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696371" title="James Bain (footballer)">
James Bain (footballer)

James Bain (born 1878 - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Dundee. He played for Dundee and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20696382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696382" title="Glorianne Perrier">
Glorianne Perrier

Glorianne Perrier (born March 21, 1929) is an American sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at Tokyo in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20696386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696386" title="David Christie (footballer)">
David Christie (footballer)

David Christie (1885 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Hurlford and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20696388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696388" title="Henry Beresford, 6th Marquess of Waterford">
Henry Beresford, 6th Marquess of Waterford

Henry de La Poer Beresford, 6th Marquess of Waterford, KP (28 April 1875 – 1 December 1911) was an Irish peer, styled Earl of Tyrone until 1895. He became Marquess of Waterford in 1895 on the death of John Beresford, 5th Marquess of Waterford. Waterford was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Northumberland on 21 May 1901, and a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 15 March 1902.
On 16 October 1897, he married Beatrix Frances Petty-FitzMaurice. They had six children. After Henry Beresford's death, Beatrix remarried and became Beatrix Beauclerk.

</doc>
<doc id="20696398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696398" title="Dhakuria, North 24 Parganas">
Dhakuria, North 24 Parganas

Dhakuria is a census town in North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography.
Dhakuria is located at . It is located in Gaighata community development block under Bangaon subdivision of North 24 Parganas district. This town is part of Gaighata Police Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20696412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696412" title="James Hendry (footballer)">
James Hendry (footballer)

James Hendry ("unknown" - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Alloa Athleticd and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20696415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696415" title="Gass (band)">
Gass (band)

Gass was a rock band formed in May 1965 by Robert Tench, Godfrey McLean, and Errol McLean. They were managed by The Active Management Group. The band fused inspired melodies with soul, Latin influences, blues and progressive rock often employing complex rhythms.
History.
The original line up was Tench on bass guitar, percussionist "Errol McLean", his brother drummer and vocalist "Godfrey McLean", saxophonist "Humphrey Oka" and guitarist "Alan Roskans". Tench soon become the band's vocalist and as their music progressed the line up changed. They performed at fashionable music venues in London's Soho, such as The Flamingo Club, "The Scotch of St.James" where Eric Burdon sang with them and it was at The Bag O'Nails Jimi Hendrix joined the band for a jam session. Gass became involved with Catch My Soul-Rock Othello produced by Jack Good during 1969.
Their album Juju (1970) featured guitarist Peter Green. The band was featured on Catch My Soul (1971), which was recorded with the original cast of the UK stage production of "Catch My Soul-Rock Othello". Pete Masden mentions in his book "Funk Guitar And Bass", that Godfrey McLean and Tench performed at regular jam sessions with other musicians at Ronnie Scott's club. These sessions led to an embryonic line up for the fusion band Gonzalez. In May 1971 Tench joined The Jeff Beck Group and Gass disbanded. Delisle Harper appeared with Tench on Freddie King's "Burglar" (1974) also "Larger than Life" (1975). Tench later moved on to play with The Jeff Beck Group, Hummingbird, Humble Pie, Streetwalkers and Van Morrison, amongst others. Godfrey McLean recorded "End of the Game" (1970) with Peter Green and appeared with Brian Auger and "The Oblivion Express.
and is presently producing Solem Solem Sing.
Band members.
1969-1971
1965-1969
Discography.
Albums

</doc>
<doc id="20696420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696420" title="Luke Dillon, 4th Baron Clonbrock">
Luke Dillon, 4th Baron Clonbrock

Luke Gerald Dillon, 4th Baron Clonbrock KP PC (Ire) (10 March 1834 – 12 May 1917) was an Irish peer. 
In 1865, he was appointed High Sheriff of County Galway. He became Baron Clonbrock in 1893 on the death of Robert Dillon, 3rd Baron Clonbrock and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 29 August 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20696425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696425" title="Cornelia Sideri">
Cornelia Sideri

Cornelia Sideri (born December 29, 1938) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. She won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20696434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696434" title="Hugh Kerr (footballer)">
Hugh Kerr (footballer)

Hugh Kerr (1882 - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Westerlea, Ayr, and Manchester United. Kerr joined Ayr from Westerlea in 1903, but only spent half a season there before joining Manchester United in January 1904. However, the Ayr officials were of the opinion that United had made an illegal, unofficial approach to sign Kerr, and an enquiry into the transfer was set up by the International Football Association Board (IFAB). Kerr made his Manchester United debut in a 2–1 defeat away to Blackpool on 9 March 1904, followed by another appearance in a 2–0 home win over Grimsby Town on 26 March. The IFAB found United innocent of any illicit contact with Kerr about a week later, but he was ultimately released at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20696439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696439" title="Leanne Johnston">
Leanne Johnston

Leanne Johnston is a Canadian hiker who was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. She now lives in North Vancouver, British Columbia. She is known for having the fastest woman's time on the Grouse Grind race that takes place every year on Grouse Mountain. She currently holds the women's time record. Her 2007 time was 31:04. Johnston finished the 2006 BMO Bank of Montreal Grouse Grind Mountain Run with a time of 33 minutes and 47 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="20696452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696452" title="Edward O'Brien, 14th Baron Inchiquin">
Edward O'Brien, 14th Baron Inchiquin

Edward Donough O'Brien, 14th Baron Inchiquin KP (May 14, 1839 – April 9, 1900) was the holder of a hereditary peerage in the Peerage of Ireland, as well as Chief of the Name of O'Brien and Prince of Thomond in the Gaelic Irish nobility. In 1862, he was appointed High Sheriff of Clare.
Born the eldest son of Lucius O'Brien, 13th Baron Inchiquin and Mary Fitzgerald. He took the title in March 1872, upon the death of his father, and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St. Patrick on August 5, 1892. 
He married firstly Emily Holmes A'Court, the daughter of William A'Court, and together they had four children; Geraldine Mary O'Brien (1863-?), Lucius William O'Brien, 15th Baron Inchiquin (1864-1929), Murrogh O'Brien (1866-1934), and Edward Donough O'Brien (1867-1943).
He then married Ellen Harriet, the daughter of Luke White, 2nd Baron Annaly, with whom he had a further ten children. One daughter, Beatrice, married Guglielmo Marconi, the radio pioneer.

</doc>
<doc id="20696474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696474" title="Tatiana Garmendia">
Tatiana Garmendia

Tatiana Garmendia López (born 16 February 1974) is a Spanish handball player. She currently plays for the club "Akaba Bera Bera", and on the Spanish national team.
She played on the Spanish team at the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship, where Spain reached the final, after defeating Germany in the semifinal.

</doc>
<doc id="20696479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696479" title="Katalin Rozsnyói">
Katalin Rozsnyói

Katalin Rozsnyói (sometimes shown as Katalin Rozsnyói-Sági, born November 20, 1942) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s. She won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
As a canoeing coach, Katalin Fábiánné Rozsnyói became one of the best Hungarian coaches. In 2000s she was named the Coach of the Year in Hungary six times in a row by the members of the Hungarian Sports Journalists' Association; this series was broken only in 2007 by the tennis coach Zoltan Kuharszky.

</doc>
<doc id="20696482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696482" title="Dobwalls and Trewidland">
Dobwalls and Trewidland

Dobwalls and Trewidland () is a civil parish in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. 
The parish is bounded to the north by St Neot and St Cleer parishes, to the east by Liskeard and Menheniot parishes, to the south by Morval parish, to the west by the East Looe River and the parishes of St Pinnock and St Keyne, and to the south-west by Duloe parish.
The two largest villages in the parish are Dobwalls and Doublebois , both in the north of the parish. There are several smaller villages in the south of the parish including Trewidland and Horningtops, and the hamlet of Boduel to the north. The hamlets of Coombe, East Tuelmenna, Treburgie and Twelvewoods are also in the parish. 
The ancient village of Dobwalls was originally in Liskeard parish until the separate civil parish of Dobwalls and Trewidland was created. The population of Dobwalls and Trewidland parish in the 2001 census was 1,939.
Protected areas.
Rosenun Lane, 1 km north of St Keyne Wishing Well Halt railway station, is a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest noted for its geological characteristics.
Ward changes.
In 2002, the Electoral Commission ordered a re-organisation of wards in Caradon. The former wards were abolished and the district was divided into twenty-two new wards; and the parish of Liskeard was divided into two parish wards, Liskeard North and Liskeard South.
The change created 'Dobwalls and District' as a ward electing two councillors and incorporating the parishes of Dobwalls and Trewidland, Morval, St Keyne and St Pinnock.

</doc>
<doc id="20696486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696486" title="Paul B. Germain">
Paul B. Germain

Paul B. Germain (born December 20, 1981 in Coral Springs, Florida) is an American documentary filmmaker and film producer. Germain's primary focus is profile documentaries that employ a fusion of cinéma vérité and Ken Burns style of using archival footage and photographs.
Germain directed and produced Speedy Delivery (2008), a Mister Rogers' Neighborhood retrospective documentary from the perspective of the beloved side character, Mr. McFeely (played by David Newell). Speedy Delivery recently screened at Grauman's Egyptian Theatre and took home the Audience Choice Award as part of The Feel Good Film Festival, founded by Kristen Ridgway Flores. Germain's first documentary, called Superfan, tells the story of Easton, Pennsylvania's own Wilmer Bonney, a.k.a. "Lafayette College's Greatest Sports Fan." 
Germain holds a B.A. in English and a B.A. in Art from Lafayette College, as well as a Masters in Arts Management and a Masters in Entertainment Industry Management, both from Carnegie Mellon University. Germain currently resides in Los Angeles, California

</doc>
<doc id="20696491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696491" title="Merchant Marine Atlantic War Zone Medal">
Merchant Marine Atlantic War Zone Medal

The Merchant Marine Atlantic War Zone Medal (Bar) is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine established by an Act of Congress on May 10, 1944.
Conditions.
The decoration is awarded to officers and men of ships operated by the War Shipping Administration for service in the Atlantic War Zone between December 7, 1941, and November 8, 1945. This theatre of operations comprised the North Atlantic Ocean, South Atlantic Ocean, Gulf of Mexico, Caribbean Sea, Barents Sea, and Greenland Sea.
Design.
Prior to 1992, the Merchant Marine Atlantic War Zone Medal was a ribbon-only decoration; otherwise known as the Merchant Marine Atlantic War Zone Bar. 
On May 19, 1992, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced the availability of new medals for civilian merchant seamen, in recognition of their service in World War II, Korea and Vietnam. The medals are being issued to supplement war zone ribbon bars previously awarded to civilian mariners who supported the nation's armed forces in these wars.
The new medal design consists of:
The compass rose is traditionally associated with maritime navigation and the superimposed triangle with duty and service other than in the Armed Forces. The eagle symbolizes the United States and freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="20696494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696494" title="2009 in Brazilian football">
2009 in Brazilian football

The following article presents a summary of the 2009 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 108th season of competitive football in the country.
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série A 2009 started on May 9, 2009, and concluded on December 6, 2009.
Flamengo declared as the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A champions.
Relegation.
The four worst placed teams, which are Coritiba, Santo André, Náutico and Sport, were relegated to the following year's second level.
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série B 2009 started on May 8, 2009, and concluded on November 28, 2009.
Vasco da Gama declared as the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B champions.
Promotion.
The four best placed teams, which are Vasco da Gama, Guarani, Ceará and Atlético Goianiense, were promoted to the following year's first level.
Relegation.
The four worst placed teams, which are Juventude, Fortaleza, Campinense and ABC, were relegated to the following year's third level.
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C 2009 started on May 24, 2009, and concluded on September 19, 2009. The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C final was played between América-MG and ASA.
América-MG declared as the league champions by aggregate score of 4–1.
Promotion.
The four best placed teams, which are América-MG, ASA, Guaratinguetá and Icasa, were promoted to the following year's second level.
Relegation.
The four worst placed teams, which are Sampaio Corrêa, Confiança, Mixto and Marcílio Dias, were relegated to the following year's fourth level.
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série D 2009 started on July 5, 2009, and concluded on November 1, 2009. The Campeonato Brasileiro Série D final was played between São Raimundo and Macaé.
São Raimundo declared as the league champions by aggregate score of 4–4.
Promotion.
The four best placed teams, which are São Raimundo, Macaé, Alecrim and Chapecoense, were promoted to the following year's third level.
Copa do Brasil.
The Copa do Brasil 2009 started on February 18, 2009, and ended on July 1, 2009. The Copa do Brasil final was played between Corinthians and Internacional.
Corinthians declared as the cup champions by aggregate score of 4–2.
Youth competition champions.
(1) The Copa Nacional do Espírito Santo Sub-17, between 2008 and 2012, was named Copa Brasil Sub-17. The similar named Copa do Brasil Sub-17 is organized by the Brazilian Football Confederation and it was first played in 2013.
Brazil national team.
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 2009.
TBD = to be decided
Women's football.
Brazil women's national football team.
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil women's national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 2009.
TBD = to be decided
The Brazil women's national football team competed in the following competitions in 2009:
Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino.
The Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino 2009 started on September 24, 2009, and concluded on December 1, 2009.
Santos declared as the cup champions after beating Botucatu 3–0.

</doc>
<doc id="20696495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696495" title="Jack Quinn (Scottish footballer)">
Jack Quinn (Scottish footballer)

William John Joseph "Jack" Quinn (born 1890, date of death unknown) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Barrhead, Renfrewshire. He played for Higher Broughton, Cheetham Hill, Manchester City, Nelson, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20696519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696519" title="Crosby S. Noyes">
Crosby S. Noyes

Crosby S. Noyes (March 2, 1921 - April 7, 1988) was an American newspaperman. He was a great-grandson of Crosby Stuart Noyes, a co-owner of the Washington Evening Star from 1867 to 1908 who was its long-time editor-in-chief. The younger Crosby Noyes was a son of Newbold Noyes, Sr., a Star associate editor. His older brother, Newbold Noyes, Jr., was the Star's editor from 1963 to 1975, when the paper was sold to Joe L. Allbritton, a banker. In 1978 Allbritton in turn sold the paper to Time, Inc., which closed it in 1981.
Biography.
Crosby S. Noyes began his career on the Star in 1947 after World War II service as a fighter pilot in Europe and graduation from Yale. He specialized in foreign affairs, first as chief European correspondent, then as foreign editor. He retired in 1974. 
The Noyes family co-owned The Star from 1867 to 1975.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20696525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696525" title="South African municipal by-elections, 2008">
South African municipal by-elections, 2008

A series of South African municipal by-elections was held in 2008 for ward seats on local municipal councils throughout the country. These by-elections were held to replace deceased, resigned or incapacitated councillors.
January.
Two seats in one province were up for election on 23 January.
February.
Two seats in one province were up for election on 13 February.
5 March.
One seat in one province was up for election on 5 March.
19 March.
Five seats in one province were up for election on 19 March.
April.
Five seats in three provinces were up for election on 2 April.
7 May.
On 7 May, Vusumuzi Moses Ncube of the IFP was elected as councillor for Ward 3 in Mtubatuba (Mtubatuba) – KZ275. 
21 May.
11 seats in 6 provinces were up for election on 21 May.
July.
On 15 July, a municipal by-election was held in five provinces.
Eastern Cape.
Two wards were contested:
In Ward 26 in Qaukeni Municipality (Ingquza Hill) – EC153 Sizakele Theophilus Hlongwane of the ANC is the new councillor, while Dean Neville Biddulph of the DA is the new councillor in Ward two in Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality (Port Elizabeth) – NMA.
Gauteng.
Ward 55 in Tshwane Metro (Pretoria) – City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality (TSH) was won by Suzette Fourie of the DA.
KwaZulu-Natal.
Ten by-elections were scheduled to take place in KwaZulu-Natal of which only nine took place. The Natal High Court interdicted the holding of the by-election in Ward four in eMadlangeni (Utrecht) – KZN253 on 15 July. The interdict was issued pending the final outcome of a Court Application by M. E. Khoza involving the decision by the Executive Council of KwaZulu-Natal to remove him from office as a councillor of the eMadlangeni Municipal Council. Of the nine, eight were won by the IFP and one by the DA.
The new councillor for DA is Anton Michael Raubenheimer in Ward three in Endumeni Local Municipality (Dundee) – KZN241. This ward was previously held by the IFP. The new councillors for the IFP in KwaZulu-Natal are:
Northern Cape.
Ward two in Moshaweng Municipality (Kgalagadi) – NC451 was won by Kebonye Gladys Gasehete of the African National Congress.
Western Cape.
Ward 103 in City of Cape Town (Cape Town) – CPT was won by Johannes Frederik Hermanus van der Merwe of the DA. 
September.
Four seats in four provinces were up for election on 10 September:
15 October.
9 seats in 4 provinces were up for election on 15 October.
29 October.
Three seats in two provinces were up for election on 29 October:
December.
On 10 December, a by-election was held in 41 local municipality seats in 5 provinces.
By province.
Free State.
two by-elections took place and both wards were won by the African National Congress:
Gauteng.
three by-elections took place. 
KwaZulu-Natal.
eight (8) by-elections took place in KwaZulu-Natal. The new councillors for the African National Congress are:
The Inkatha Freedom Party has four new councillors in KwaZulu-Natal. They are:
Northern Cape.
Ward 5 in Dikgatlong (Barkly West) was won by Naledi Georginah Molete of the African National Congress.
Western Cape.
27 seats were contested in Western Cape province. 
Cape Town.
Of the eight (8) wards contested in the City of Cape Town (Cape Town), two went to the Democratic Alliance and six went to independent candidates. They are:
The new councillors for the Democratic Alliance are –
Rest of province.
In the rest of the province, the new councillors are:
For the African National Congress
For the Democratic Alliance:
For the Independent Democrats:
The following councillors are independent councillors:
Controversy.
ANC barring from ward elections.
The ANC was barred from fielding candidates in 12 of the 27 seats up for election in Western Cape by the IEC, a decision that was contested by the ANC.
Participation of COPE.
The newly formed COPE party did not field candidates due to it not being formally constituted and registered with the Independent Electoral Commission in time. However, all ten independent councillors who won seats in the Western Cape were also members of the COPE party, and the by-election was seen as the first electoral test for the party.

</doc>
<doc id="20696534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696534" title="Ilse Kaschube">
Ilse Kaschube

Ilse Kaschube (born June 25, 1953 in Altentreptow, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s. She won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Kaschube also won two gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with one in the K-2 500 m event (1973) and one in the K-4 500 m event (1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20696535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696535" title="Thomas Spring Rice, 2nd Baron Monteagle of Brandon">
Thomas Spring Rice, 2nd Baron Monteagle of Brandon

Thomas Spring Rice, 2nd Baron Monteagle of Brandon KP, DL (31 May 1849 – 24 December 1926) was an Irish peer. 
Spring Rice was the son of Hon. Stephen Spring Rice and his wife, Ellen Frere. He was educated at Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge. He became Baron Monteagle of Brandon in 1866 on the death of his grandfather Thomas Spring Rice, 1st Baron Monteagle of Brandon and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 9 February 1885. He served as the Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Limerick. 
Spring Rice married Elizabeth Butcher (d. 27 Apr 1908), the oldest daughter of the Most Rev Rt Hon Samuel Butcher, Bishop of Meath, in 1875. Together they had three children. His oldest son predeceased him, and he was succeeded in his title by his youngest son, Thomas. His daughter was the Irish nationalist activist, Mary Spring Rice. 

</doc>
<doc id="20696543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696543" title="Mehmed Ali Pasha">
Mehmed Ali Pasha

Mehmed Ali Pasha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20696548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696548" title="Taftazani">
Taftazani

Sa'ad al-Din Masud ibn Umar ibn Abd Allah al-Taftazani () also known as Al-Taftazani and Taftazani (1322 - 1390) was a Muslim Persian polymath. He also wrote a commentary on the Qur'an in Persian called "Kashf-al-Asrar".
Early life and education.
Al-Taftazani was born in 1322 in Taftazan, Khorasan in Iran, then in the Sarbedaran state. He completed his education in various educational institutions in the cities of Herat, Ghijduvan, Feryumed, Gulistan, Khwarizm, Samarkand and Sarakhs. He mainly resided in Sarakhs. He was active during the reign of Timur, who noticed him as a promising scientist and supported his scholarship, and was part of his court. Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani famously remarked about him that "science ended with him in the East" and "no one could ever replace him". He died in Samarkand in 1390 and was buried in Sarakhs. He sincerely practiced Islam, and practiced and preached in the Hanafi and Maturidi schools. He was of the Hanafi school in matters of Fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) and a Maturidi with regard to issues of Aqidah (Islamic creed).
Career.
During his lifetime, he wrote treaties on grammar, rhetoric, theology, logic, law and Quran exegesis. His works were used as textbooks for centuries in Ottoman madrasahs. and are used in Shia madrasahs to this day. He completed "Sharh-i az-Zanjani" which was his first and one of his most famous works at the age of 16. He also wrote a commentary of the Qur'an in Persian and translated a volume of Sa'adi's poetry from Persian into Turkish. But it was in Arabic that he composed the bulk of his writing.
Contributions.
Al-Taftazani made contributions to theology, Islamic jurisprudence, linguistics, rhetoric, logic and literature. His treatises, even the commentaries, are "standard books" for students of Islamic theology and his papers have been called a "compendium of the various views regarding the great doctrines of Islam".
Legacy.
Ibn Khaldun, who is considered by some to be the father of the social sciences for anticipating many elements of these disciplines centuries before they were founded in the West, said of him:
I found in Egypt numerous works on the intellectual sciences composed by the well-known person Sa'd al-Din al-Taftazani, a native of Herat, one of the villages of Khurasan. Some of them are on kalam (speculative theology) and the foundations of "fiqh" and rhetoric, which show that he had a profound knowledge of these sciences. Their contents demonstrate that he was well versed in the philosophical sciences and far advanced in the rest of the sciences which deal with Reason.

</doc>
<doc id="20696563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696563" title="Canelo Hills Cienega Reserve">
Canelo Hills Cienega Reserve

The Canelo Hills Cienega Reserve, is a nature preserve southeast of Sonoita, Arizona on the east side of the Canelo Hills. The area's are a mix of rare cienega wetland and Black Oak and Arizona Fescue fields. The preserve is notable for the extremely rare Canelo Ladies Tresses Orchid (Spiranthes delitescens) and the Gila chub and Gila sucker that grow along its alkaline banks. The ranch was purchased by the Nature Conservancy in 1969 from the Knipes family. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in December 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20696567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696567" title="KSEY">
KSEY

KSEY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20696568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696568" title="George Farren">
George Farren

George Farren (June 25, 1874 — November 2, 1956) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Warwickshire. He was born in Rugby and died in Coventry.
Farren made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Yorkshire in 1912. Batting in the middle order, Farren scored a duck in the only innings in which he batted, becoming one of four victims of George Hirst. With the first two days' play rained off, the match headed to an inevitable draw, in spite of each team's low scores.

</doc>
<doc id="20696569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696569" title="Connecticut gubernatorial election, 2010">
Connecticut gubernatorial election, 2010

The 2010 Connecticut gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010 to elect the 88th Governor of Connecticut. Incumbent Governor M. Jodi Rell had announced in a press conference in Hartford on November 9, 2009, that she would not seek re-election in 2010. The non-partisan "Cook Political Report" and CQ Politics both rated the election as a toss up.
Gubernatorial primaries for the Republican and Democratic parties took place on August 10, 2010.
Tom Foley conceded the race November 8, 2010.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
State convention results.
The state Democratic convention endorsed Dan Malloy for governor on May 22, 2010.
Results.
In the Democratic primary, state party-endorsed candidate Dan Malloy, former mayor of Stamford, defeated businessman Ned Lamont.
Republican primary.
Campaign.
State convention results.
The state Republican convention endorsed Tom Foley for governor on May 22, 2010.
Results.
In the Republican primary, state party-endorsed candidate Tom Foley, former U.S. Ambassador to Ireland, defeated incumbent Lieutenant Governor Michael Fedele.
Running mate announcements.
In Connecticut, candidates for governor and lieutenant governor are elected jointly on the same ballot line in the general election. In party primaries, however, they are nominated separately. Gubernatorial candidates often select an individual to be their preferred running mate prior to any such primaries, but their running mate in the general election is ultimately at the will of their party’s primary electorate.
Prior to the state conventions and primaries, three gubernatorial candidates announced who they would wish to run with if so nominated to run for governor:
Additionally, one Republican, Lisa Wilson-Foley, ran for lieutenant governor without having been selected as a running mate by a gubernatorial candidate.
Prior to the Republican convention, Republican gubernatorial candidate Tom Foley decided not to name a running mate, stating that he believes that the state's tradition of a gubernatorial candidate naming a preferred running mate before party conventions and primaries is "out of date." While never named a preferred running for mate himself, Foley gave praise to both Michael Fedele's choice, Mark Boughton, and Lisa Wilson-Foley (of no relation).
At their respective party conventions, Boughton and Wyman won their party's endorsements on May 22, though both went on to face primary challenges. In the party primaries held on August 10, both party-endorsed candidates won, with Boughton defeating Wilson-Foley for the GOP nomination and Wyman winning the Democratic nod over Glassman.
General election.
Debates.
On September 28, 2010, candidates Tom Foley, Dan Malloy, and Tom Marsh participated in the first gubernatorial debate of the 2010 race, a 50-minute, non-televised forum on education concerns in Hartford. In the debate, Foley stated that jobs and education would be his top priorities if elected governor, that more spending is not the solution to solve education-related problems, and that Malloy has "support the status quo" of teachers' unions. Malloy used the forum to advocate that schools report the amount of money spent in the classroom verses on school administration, stated that one "can be for reform and for teachers at the same time," and voiced support for a statewide universal pre-K program. Marsh stated that teachers' performance standards must improve and criticized the ratio that poorly performing doctors are removed from their jobs verses the rate at which underperforming teachers are.
Foley and Malloy met again two days later, on October 1, for a debate in Greenwich sponsored by the Greenwich, Stamford, and Norwalk chambers of commerce.
The first televised gubernatorial debate of the 2010 campaign took place on October 5, moderated by Fox News Channel chief political correspondent Carl Cameron and aired live on Fox Connecticut. Among other things in the debate in which the two opponents "clashed sharply," Foley voiced his support for retaining Connecticut's death penalty as is, pledging to veto abolishment bills placed on his desk as governor, while Malloy reiterated his opposition to capital punishment, though he stated he would not retroactively undo death sentences of individuals currently in the process. The candidates also took issue with each other's records, with Malloy accusing Foley of mismanagement while CEO of a Georgia textile mill and Foley labeling Malloy as a career politician who presided as mayor of Stamford during years in which the city had net job losses. State labor department figures have shown Stamford to have lost more than 5,000 net jobs during the 14-year period of Malloy's tenure as mayor. The Republican and the Democrat also took issue with statements and actions taken during the election season, with Foley stating that Malloy's pledge to cut gubernatorial staff by 15 percent would amount to only approximately five positions being cut and Malloy criticizing Foley for not naming a preferred running mate for the position of lieutenant governor. Malloy clarified that he had meant cutting from all positions the governor has a role in filling, stating that "about 600" positions was the real figure. Foley responded to Malloy's questioning over his running mate by stating that Republican primary voters placed Danbury mayor Mark Boughton in the position as Republican nominee for lieutenant governor, not him, but praised Boughton's experience.
A second televised debate was held between the Republican and the Democrat on October 13 in New London. A third, an afternoon debate broadcast live from Fairfield University on Connecticut Public Television, WFSB, and WNPR radio, occurred on October 19. The candidates met for a final time on October 26 for a televised debate aired on NBC 30.
Other factors.
The death penalty disagreement between Foley and Malloy gained additional attention due to the contemporaneous trial, conviction, and sentencing phase (which was under deliberation in the lead-up to Election Day) of Steven J. Hayes for a home invasion/murder in 2007 in Cheshire.
Bridgeport ballot shortage.
A dozen polling locations in the city of Bridgeport ran out of ballots on Election Day, leading to a ruling by Superior Court Judge Marshall K. Berger, Jr., for the polls to remain open at the affected polling sites until 10 p.m., two hours later than the normal statewide 8 p.m. closing time, in order for disenfranchised voters to return to vote on newly printed ballots. Bridgeport officials had initially ordered only 21,000 ballots, despite there being over 69,000 registered voters in the city.
With all votes counted, with the exception of Bridgeport, Republican Tom Foley held a slight lead in the popular vote (556,787 to 548,378). Once the ballots from Bridgeport were counted, Democrat Dan Malloy was declared the winner by Secretary of the State Susan Bysiewicz, who, according to the Stamford "Advocate", based her announcement on preliminary, "informal totals. ... That does not include uncounted absentee ballots." Byseiwicz's announcement conflicted with the latest statewide tallies compiled by Foley's team and the non-partisan Associated Press, both of which indicated Foley to be in the lead by a thin margin.
Judge Berger did state in his ruling that all votes submitted after 8 p.m. would be counted as provisional ballots and kept separate from the others. The state Republican Party threatened a legal challenge.
On November 8, Foley, though still concerned over the election's handling and precise vote totals, conceded the election, stating, "The election on Tuesday was a conclusive victory for Dan Malloy, and this result should not be questioned."
Results.
Note: Malloy also appeared on the line of the Connecticut Working Families Party and received 26,308 votes on it. His Working Families and Democratic votes have been aggregated together on this table.

</doc>
<doc id="20696574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696574" title="Thomas Southwell, 4th Viscount Southwell">
Thomas Southwell, 4th Viscount Southwell

Thomas Arthur Joseph Southwell, 4th Viscount Southwell KP (6 April 1836 – 26 April 1878) was an Irish peer. He became Viscount Southwell in 1860 on the death of Thomas Southwell, 3rd Viscount Southwell and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 2 August 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="20696587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696587" title="Mervyn Wingfield, 7th Viscount Powerscourt">
Mervyn Wingfield, 7th Viscount Powerscourt

Mervyn Wingfield, 7th Viscount Powerscourt KP PC (I) (13 October 1836 – 5 June 1904) was an Irish peer. He became Viscount Powerscourt in 1844 on the death of his father Richard Wingfield, 6th Viscount Powerscourt.
On 26 April 1864, Wingfield married Lady Julia Coke, the daughter of Thomas Coke, 2nd Earl of Leicester. They had five children:
Powerscourt was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 2 August 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="20696589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696589" title="Petra Grabowsky">
Petra Grabowsky

Petra Grabowsky-Borzym (born January 31, 1952 in Brandenburg an der Havel) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s. She won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Grabowsky's husband, Hans-Joachim Borzym won a bronze medal in the eights rowing event at those same games.
At the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, she won six medals with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1973), three silvers (K-1 500 m: 1973, K-2 500 m: 1971, K-4 500 m: 1970), and two bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1970, K-4 500 m: 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="20696591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696591" title="Mr. Wimpy">
Mr. Wimpy

Mr. Wimpy is a platforming video game released by Ocean Software in 1984. The game was intended to be a promotional tie with Wimpy restaurants as their logos, company mascots, and theme tunes were reproduced. The game was released on the Oric 1, ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro and Commodore 64. The gameplay is similar to the video game BurgerTime.
Gameplay.
At the start of the game, Mr. Wimpy has to cross his kitchen while avoiding moving manholes to get to the larder so that he can collect ingredients and make his burgers. As an added hazard, a character called Waldo tries and steal these ingredients from him. After the opening level, the game becomes a traditional platform game where the player must guide Mr. Wimpy across the platforms while walking over four various burger ingredients, which in turn causes them to crash to the platform below and finally to the four plates at the bottom. Mr. Wimpy must also avoid various enemies in the guise of walking sausages, eggs, pickles, and spoons. Players have the ability to spray pepper at the enemies, which temporarily freezes them for a few seconds, allowing players to escape. Enemies can also be trapped and squashed by walking over burger ingredients while they are on the level below.
The platform portion of the game features the following enemies: Sid Sos (a walking sausage), Ogy Egg (a walking fried egg), Sam Spoon (a walking spoon), and Pam Pickle (a walking pickle). As the player progresses in the game, more enemies are added. Mr. Wimpy's only defences against the enemies are to either trap them between the falling burger ingredients or to temporarily freeze them with pepper. However, players can only a small supply of pepper at any given time (4 bottles could be carried). Players can pick up coffee cups or ice creams that appear on the screen (when they are down to their last pepper pot), rewarding them with an extra pepper pot. Players are given four lives at the start of the game, any of which can be lost in the opening Larder level by falling down a moving pothole or by getting caught by an enemy in the platform portion of the game.
Mr Wimpy Championship.
14-year-old Andrew Blackley won the Mr Wimpy championship held simultaneously in London and Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="20696598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696598" title="Uncial 0302">
Uncial 0302

Uncial 0302 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of John 10:29-30, on one parchment fragment (7.5 cm by 3.7 cm). It is written in one column per page, 5 lines per page (on survived fragment only), in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is too brief to determine its textual character. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 21315) in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20696618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696618" title="John Skeffington, 10th Viscount Massereene">
John Skeffington, 10th Viscount Massereene

John Foster-Skeffington, 10th Viscount Massereene KP (30 November 1812 – 28 April 1863) was an Irish peer. He became Viscount Massereene in 1831 on the death of Harriet Skeffington, 9th Viscountess Massereene and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 3 July 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="20696630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696630" title="Merchant Marine Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone Medal">
Merchant Marine Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone Medal

The Merchant Marine Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone Medal (Bar) is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine established by an Act of Congress on May 10, 1944.
Conditions.
The decoration is awarded to officers and men of ships operated by the War Shipping Administration for service in the Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone between December 7, 1941, and November 8, 1945. This theater of operations comprised the Mediterranean Sea, Red Sea, Arabian Sea, and Indian Ocean west of eighty degrees east longitude.
Design.
Prior to 1992, the Merchant Marine Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone Medal was a ribbon-only decoration; otherwise known as the Merchant Marine Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone Bar. 
On May 19, 1992, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced the availability of new medals for civilian merchant seamen, in recognition of their service in World War II, Korea and Vietnam. The medals are being issued to supplement war zone ribbon bars previously awarded to civilian mariners who supported the nation's armed forces in these wars.
The new medal design consists of:
The shield and anchor symbolize a strong maritime service. The palms suggest the Mediterranean-Middle East area while denoting victory and achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="20696632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696632" title="Bob Pardo">
Bob Pardo

Lieutenant Colonel Robert "Bob" Pardo is a retired United States Air Force pilot who become well known for the Pardo's Push maneuver, on March 10, 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20696634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696634" title="High Terrace">
High Terrace

High Terrace is a 1956 British mystery film directed by Henry Cass and starring Dale Robertson, Lois Maxwell, Derek Bond, Eric Pohlmann and Lionel Jeffries.

</doc>
<doc id="20696638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696638" title="Andrew Hudgins">
Andrew Hudgins

Andrew Hudgins (born 22 April 1951 Killeen, Texas) is an American poet.
Biography.
Hudgins was raised in Alabama. He earned a B.A. at Huntingdon College, an M.A. at the University of Alabama, and an M.F.A. at the University of Iowa. He is the author of numerous collections of poetry and essays, many of which have received high critical praise, such as "The Never-Ending: New Poems" (1991), which was a finalist for the National Book Awards; "After the Lost War: A Narrative" (1988), which received the Poets' Prize; and "Saints and Strangers" (1985), which was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. Hudgins is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers and a frequent Sewanee Writers' Conference faculty member. He is currently Humanities Distinguished Professor of English at Ohio State University. He previously taught at Baylor University and the University of Cincinnati. Hudgins lives in Upper Arlington, Ohio, with his wife, the writer Erin McGraw.

</doc>
<doc id="20696639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696639" title="Thomas Southwell, 3rd Viscount Southwell">
Thomas Southwell, 3rd Viscount Southwell

Thomas Anthony Southwell, 3rd Viscount Southwell KP (25 February 1777 – 29 February 1860) was an Irish peer. He became Viscount Southwell in 1796 on the death of Thomas Southwell, 2nd Viscount Southwell and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 12 September 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="20696644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696644" title="One Ok Rock (band)">
One Ok Rock (band)

One Ok Rock (stylized as ONE OK ROCK) is a Japanese rock band formed in 2005, composed of Taka, Toru, Ryota, and Tomoya. Originally a five piece band, guitarist Alex left the group in 2009.
History.
2005-2006: Formation and Early Days.
The foundation for One Ok Rock began when Toru Yamashita, then a high school student, wanted to start a band. He told his friend Ryota Kohama, a fellow member of the hip hop dance group Heads, to learn the bass and asked Alex Onizawa, who was their senior in school to join. He asked his classmate Tomo to play drums, who then left the band in 2006 to pursue an acting career. At that time, Taka Moriuchi was playing with another band named Chivalry of Music; however, Taka didn't enjoy playing with them, so Toru insisted that he join One Ok Rock instead. After signing with a label, Amuse, Inc. Tomo left the band because his parents didn't want their son to pursue that path of work. Tomoya Kanki actually had been teaching in ESP (Musical Academy) and already was in a band, but just like Taka, that band wasn't going well. He then joined them in 2006, but only became an official member when they debuted in 2007.
The band's name, One Ok Rock, comes from "one o'clock", the time that the band used to practice on weekends. However, noticing that the Japanese language made no distinction between r's and l's, they changed "o'clock" to "o'crock" (or "o'krock"), which was then separated to become "ok rock".
2007-2009: Debut Album and Old Formation.
Their debut single, Naihi Shinso surprisingly reached positions 48 on Oricon Chart and sold out 15,000 copies. Second single, Yume Yume followed that successful and reached position 43. After those singles, finally they released their debut album Zeitakubyō in 2007. This is their first time had a tour and played in many cities. Not long after that the second album, Beam of Light released in May 2008. In an interview with Rockin'On Magazine in June 2012, ONE OK ROCK didn't count this album as an album, but a part of growing up as a band. When they made this album, they weren't in the mood to make it, but they knew that they had to make it. That is the reason why until now they wouldn't play any songs from Beam of Light in live performances. It has been planned for releasing two albums in one year, so they released Kanjou Effects in November 2008. Shortly after release of Beam of Light they attended a gig in Shibuya AX and released said performance as a DVD.
On April 5, 2009, Alex was arrested for groping the leg of a twenty-one-year-old female student on a train. He admitted to the charges and the case was settled out of court. However, the band's next single "Around the World Shounen", which was planned for a May 6 release and to be used as the theme song for the TV drama "God Hand Teru", and their nationwide tour were both cancelled. In May 2009, it was announced that One Ok Rock would continue on without Alex.
2010: New Formation.
With the new four- member formation, the band released the single "Kanzen Kankaku Dreamer" on February 3, 2010. It reached 9th on the Weekly Oricon Chart. They released their fourth studio album titled "Niche Syndrome" on June 9, 2010. Their next single, "Answer is Near", was released on February 16, 2011.
The band released their first double A-side single "Re:make/No Scared" on July 20, 2011, the latter song being the main theme for the "" video game. The band's fifth album, "Zankyo Reference", was released on October 5, 2011. Their first single from that album, "The Beginning", used as the theme song for the live action movie adaptation of the "Rurouni Kenshin" manga, was released on August 22, 2012 and reached the 5th place of the Oricon charts. 
The second single from the Album, "Deeper Deeper/Nothing Helps" was released on January 9, 2013 and hit the 2nd place of the japanese Oricon charts. The first song, "Deeper Deeper" was also used for the japanese version of the Video Game "DmC Devil May Cry". It is also the first single that was written by Ryota and Tomoya together.
2013 - Outside of Asia.
In October 2013 the band went to their first tour outside Asia and visited Europe for 5 concerts.
Four out of the five concerts in Europe were sold out almost immediately.
In February 2014 they visited the US to hold 2 concerts in New York and Los Angeles. They will be also returning there later the year to perform at their first festival outside Asia.
In January 12, 2014 their album producer John Feldmann tweeted that ONE OK ROCK already started recording the new album.

</doc>
<doc id="20696654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696654" title="Hans-Joachim Borzym">
Hans-Joachim Borzym

Hans-Joschim Borzym (born 7 January 1948) is an East German rower who competed in the early 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the eights event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Borzym's wife, Petra Grabowski, won a silver medal in the women's K-2 500 m event at those same games.

</doc>
<doc id="20696658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696658" title="2000 Rome Masters – Men's Singles">
2000 Rome Masters – Men's Singles

Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion, but Magnus Norman defeated him 6–3, 4–6, 6–4, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20696666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696666" title="Mansour neighbourhood">
Mansour neighbourhood

Mansour neighbourhood with Dragh and Baghdad International Fair, is the 63rd neighborhood within Mansour district, Baghdad. It is located in northwest Baghdad, which for decades held bakeries, shops, and private clubs. Mansour is located from the Green Zone, and was once home to diplomats and professionals who were wealthy enough to hire guards. By 2007, Mansour had become unsafe as car bombings, kidnappings and killings by Sunni extremists became common. By 2009 the neighborhood had become somewhat safer, with residents returning to their daily routines.
Displacement.
As a result of a mass exodus of original families, Mansour has seen an influx of Sunni families from a lower socioeconomic bracket. These Sunnis are trying to escape the increased Shiite populations in Hayy Al-Jihad, Iskan and Al-Shu'ala. In order to curb this migration, the new arrivals are required to produce a recommendation from an Imam and a friend, relative or neighbour.

</doc>
<doc id="20696704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696704" title="New star">
New star

New star or New Star may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20696751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696751" title="2005 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas">
2005 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas

2005 Desafio Internacional das Estrelas was the first edition of Desafio Internacional das Estrelas ("International Challenge of the Stars") kart race, held in 2005 in Brazil, was won by Daniel Serra.

</doc>
<doc id="20696753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696753" title="Mike Fields">
Mike Fields

Maurice 'Mike' Fields (born 12 August 1935, Chester) is a former English footballer who played in The Football League for Chester City.
Playing career.
A forward, Fields was offered a trial at Nottingham Forest as a youngster but accepted an offer from his hometown club of Chester to begin playing for their junior side.
Fields broke into Chester's first–team late in 1955–56, with his first and only league goal following against Chesterfield in September 1956. A year later he helped create history by scoring Chester's winner against Burnley in the final of the Lancashire Senior Cup as they became the first club from outside Lancashire to win the competition.
Unfortunately Fields soon began to suffer cartlidge problems, leading to his release by the club in May 1959 as he joined Borough United.
Fields remained a part-timer throughout his career at Chester, working for Shell where he continued to be employed after his playing days ended.

</doc>
<doc id="20696760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696760" title="Merchant Marine Pacific War Zone Medal">
Merchant Marine Pacific War Zone Medal

The Merchant Marine Pacific War Zone Medal (Bar) is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine established by an Act of Congress on May 10, 1944.
Conditions.
The decoration is awarded to officers and men of ships operated by the War Shipping Administration for service in the Pacific War Zone between December 7, 1941, to March 2, 1946. This theatre of operations comprised the North Pacific, South Pacific, and the Indian Ocean east of 80 degrees east longitude.
Design.
Prior to 1992, the Merchant Marine Pacific War Zone Medal was a ribbon-only decoration; otherwise known as the Merchant Marine Pacific War Zone Bar. 
On May 19, 1992, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced the availability of new medals for civilian merchant seamen, in recognition of their service in World War II, Korea and Vietnam. The medals are being issued to supplement war zone ribbon bars previously awarded to civilian mariners who supported the nation's armed forces in these wars.
The new medal design consists of:
The trident, a symbol of naval prowess, rests upon a shaft of bamboo denoting the Pacific theatre of operations. The sea seascape suggests maritime activities and service

</doc>
<doc id="20696771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696771" title="Villa Rusciano">
Villa Rusciano

Villa Rusciano is an historic villa in the neighbourhood of Florence, central Italy, which includes work by Brunelleschi.
Description and history.
Set in a hilly area on the outskirts of Florence, the Villa has one of the most magnificent views over the city. The name is derived from the area, once a prominent agricultural estate. The villa was cited by Franco Sacchetti in Trecentonovelle, and once belonged to the Salviati family.
In the mid-15th century, Luca Pitti bought the estate and had it restructured by Filippo Brunelleschi, requesting that the building should demonstrate the extent of his wealth and his personal prestige. (He at that time was one of the richest citizens of Florence.) Unfortunately the original project was not fully completed (it would have been one of the greatest Florentine villas of that time). Of this project only the huge staircase and decorative parts of the inner courtyard and interiors remain.
Inside there is also a della Robbia sculpture with cherubs, and some precious stone structures such as portals and fireplaces.
The garden has a panoramic terrace and there are big cypress trees planted. The Villa was renowned to possess a huge variety of plants originating from all over the world. It was in these gardens that Francesco Franceschi Fenzi first discovered his passion for plants. 
In 1472 it was bought by the Florentine Republic and granted as residence to Federico III da Montefeltro, Duke of Urbino, Captain General of the armed forces. The villa had several other owners. Among other prestigious Florentine owners was Emanuele Fenzi and his family, later bequeathed to Leone and Ida Fenzi.

</doc>
<doc id="20696774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696774" title="2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands. It was part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 16 through February 22, 2004.
The singles line up was led by new World No. 1, Tennis Masters Cup, Wimbledon and Australian Open winner Roger Federer, reigning French Open champion, US Open runner-up and Australian Open semifinalist Juan Carlos Ferrero and Tokyo and Lyon champion Rainer Schüttler. Other contenders were Chennai runner-up Paradorn Srichaphan, Paris Masters winner Tim Henman, Lleyton Hewitt, Sjeng Schalken and Martin Verkerk.

</doc>
<doc id="20696782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696782" title="Andrew Lyons">
Andrew Lyons

Andrew Lyons (born 19 October 1966) is an English former professional footballer.
He is currently a coach at Blackpool F.C.'s Centre of Excellence.
Career.
Playing career.
Lyons started his career at Northern Premier League club Fleetwood Town in 1991. On 26 October 1992 he signed for Football League Third Division club Crewe Alexandra for a fee of £15,000. He then moved to fellow Third Division club Wigan Athletic on 1 October 1993.
Lyons moved to Scotland on 1 March 1996 to play for Scottish Premier Division club Partick Thistle for a transfer fee of £35,000. However, they were relegated at the end of the season to the First Division. He left the club at the end of the 1997–98 season when they were relegated to the Second Division. He then signed for First Division club Ayr United. He left Ayr at the end of the 1999–2000 season. He then returned to England, by which time he was playing semi-professionally while working as a postman, and signed for Football Conference club Morecambe where he spent the 2000–01 season.
In August 2001 he moved to local rivals Lancaster City in the Northern Premier League First Division.
Masters Football.
On 30 June 2007 Lyons played for Wigan Athletic Masters Football team in the 2007 North West Masters competition at the M.E.N. Arena in Manchester. He scored one goal in a 5–1 win over Bolton Wanderers as Wigan reached the final where they lost 2–1 to Manchester United. He also played for Wigan at the 2008 Mersey Masters at the Liverpool Echo Arena on 28 June 2008.
Coaching career.
Lyons is now a fully qualified coach, having obtained the UEFA B coaching licence. He is currently the coach of the Under-12 team at his hometown club Blackpool's Centre of Excellence.

</doc>
<doc id="20696785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696785" title="USCGC Dexter (WAVP-385)">
USCGC Dexter (WAVP-385)

USCGC "Dexter" (WAVP-385), originally WACG-18, later WHEC-385, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard Cutter in service from 1946 to 1952 and from 1958 to 1968. She was the fourth ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service or United States Coast Guard to bear the name.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Dexter" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Biscayne" (AVP-11). She was laid down on 27 October 1939 by Puget Sound Navy Yard at Bremerton, Washington, launched on 23 May 1941, and commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 3 July 1941. She operated as a seaplane tender in the Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea, West Africa, and North Africa during the first half of World War II. Converted into an amphibious force flagship and redesignated AGC-18 in 1943, "Biscayne" served in the Mediterranean in 1943–1944, seeing action in the amphibious landings in Operation Avalanche at Salerno, Operation Shingle at Anzio, and Operation Dragoon in southern France. She then served in the Pacific in 1945, serving at Iwo Jima, in the Okinawa campaign, and in the Philippines before the war ended. Postwar, she served in Korea and China. She was decommissioned on 29 June 1946.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
"Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the United States Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search-and-rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
The Navy transferred "Biscayne" to the Coast Guard on either 10 July 1946, 19 July 1946, or 29 July 1946. at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay at Baltimore, Maryland. After she underwent conversion for service as a weather reporting ship, the Coast Guard commissioned her as USCGC "Dexter" (WAGC-18) on 20 September 1946 with Commander A. G. Morrill, USCG, in command.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
Atlantic service 1946–1952.
"Dexter" was stationed at Boston, Massachusetts, which would remain her home port until December 1952, and was redesignated WAVP-385 during her time there. Her primary duty was to serve on ocean stations in the Atlantic Ocean to gather meteorological data. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-mile (544-square-kilometer) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress, and engaged in law enforcement operations. She arrived at Boston to assume her duties on 17 October 1946. 
On 30 November 1946, "Dexter" was at Naval Station Argentia, Newfoundland, Canada, underway to her first ocean station duty at Ocean Station Charlie. By 28 December 1946 she was back in Boston. For the next few months, she was on Ocean Station Charlie and Ocean Station Alfa, taking time out in October 1947 for underway training near Berkley Station at Norfolk, Virginia.
"Dexter" served on Ocean Station Able from 30 October 1947 to 10 December 1947. While on that duty, she responded to a request for assistance by the merchant ship SS "Louisburg", which was flooding, on 4 November 1947. "Dexter" transferred a life raft and damage control timbers to "Louisburg" and escorted her safely to St. John's, Newfoundland. "Dexter" then returned to Ocean Station Able.
On 4 November 1948, while underway from Ocean Station Alfa, "Dexter" assisted the fishing vessel "Pan Pades Andros", which was disabled about southeast of Sable Island. Following this assistance case, "Dexter" was put into repair status until 12 February 1949, when repairs were completed and she was in port on standby.
On 14 February 1949, "Dexter" relieved Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Winnebago" (WPG-40) from duty on Ocean Station Delta, and in turn was relieved by Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Androscoggin" (WPG-68). On 27 April 1949 she relieved Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Ingham" (WPG-35) on Ocean Station Echo and on 29 April 1949 was underway to Bermuda with an injured crew member. She resumed station on 3 May 1949. On 21 May 1949 she assisted the fishing vessel "Sea Hawk" and on 22 May 1949 turned "Sea Hawk" over to Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Legare" (WSC-144) for further assisatnce and returned to Boston for repairs.
On 30 July 1949, "Dexter" assisted the U.S. Navy destroyer USS "Livermore" (DD-429) while at sea. On 9 September 1949, she was forced to proceed south of Sable Island to avoid the center of a hurricane. She proceeded on to Ocean Station Bravo and relieved Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Humboldt" (WAVP-372) on 12 September 1949. On 30 September 1949, she was relieved on Ocean Station Bravo by the Canadian Coast Guard ship CGS "St. Stephen". In October 1949, she participated in gunnery exercises in the Newport, Rhode Island, area.
For the next few months, "Dexter" had her regular ocean station patrols with nothing unusual happening until 7 August 1950, when she went off Ocean Station Charlie temporarily to assist the merchant ship SS "Belfrey", and proceeded to escort her toward St. John's, Newfoundland, until 11 August 1950, when she was relieved of the escort duty by Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Spencer" (WPG-36) and returned to Ocean Station Charlie. On 26 November 1950 she assisted U.S. Navy destroyer escort USS "Tweedy" (DE-532), which was adrift off Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
On 2 January 1951 "Dexter" departed Boston en route Ocean Station Hotel. In April 1951 she was temporarily off Ocean Station Echo for two days, while investigating a reported depth charge in the area. On 11 June 1951 she temporarily departed Ocean Station Delta on a distress-response mission and reoccupied the station on 14 June 1951. During November 1951, she was forced to leave Ocean Station Alfa for a short while due to an urgent medical case. 
On 19 February 1952, "Dexter" left Ocean Station Hotel to assist the merchant ship SS "Helen Stevenson", which had cracked across the main deck port and starboard at the hatch. She escorted "Helen Stevenson" to a point less than 10 nautical miles (18.5 kilometers) east of St. Georges, Bermuda, and then returned to station. On 18 October 1952, she departed Ocean Station Alfa and proceeded to Boston. On 8 November 1952, she departed Boston for the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland, arriving there on 9 November 1952.
On 17 December 1952, "Dexter" was decommissioned at the Coast Guard Yard and placed in storage there. In 1957 she was re-engined with four new FM diesel engines.
Pacific service 1958–1968.
"Dexter" was recommissioned on 30 June 1958 and assigned to a new home port, Alameda, California. She departed Curtis Bay on 14 July 1958 under the command of Commander Bainbridge Leland, USCG. 
"Dexter" arrived at Alameda on 11 August 1958. She assumed duty as the United States West Coast training ship for the United States Coast Guard Reserve training component. She provided training at sea for Coast Guard Reserve recruits undergoing training at Alameda Training Station. Manned by a complement of 83—eight officers, 10 chief petty officers, and 65 other enlisted men—to 85, "Dexter" had facilities for handling over 100 recruits at a time. Recruits spent approximately three months aboard "Dexter" for indoctrination and one extended cruise beyond the waters of San Francisco Bay. "Dexter" also made cruises to various ports on the U.S. West Coast, as well as to British Columbia, Hawaii, Alaska, and Mexico, in connection with training activities.
"Dexter" also participated as a search-and-rescue patrol vessel for various sailing races and regattas, including the September 1958 America's Cup Race at Newport, Rhode Island, and the Transpacific Yacht Races from Los Angeles, California, to Honolulu, Hawaii, of 1959 and 1961 and 1965.
"Dexter" also conducted search and rescue operations. On 18 July 1959, she towed the disabled fishing vessel "Cloud Nine" until relieved by Coast Guard buoy tender USCGC "Blackhaw" (WLB-390). On 5 February 1965, she unsuccessfully searched for an F-4B Phantom jet fighter aircraft near San Clemente Island. In early February 1966, she towed the disabled sloop "Allegro" from south-southwest of San Diego, California, to Asuncion Bay.
"Dexter" was reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-385 on 1 May 1966.
Decommissioning and disposal.
On 18 January 1968, the Coast Guard decommissioned "Dexter". She was transferred to the U.S. Navy on 9 July 1968 and sunk as a target later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20696805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696805" title="Galway &amp; District League First Division">
Galway &amp; District League First Division

The Galway & District League First Division is the second tier of the Galway & District League football competition [http://galwayfa.net/].
For sponsorship reasons the competition is known as the Western Hygiene Supplies First Division.
Promotion and relegation.
The first and second placed team in the competition gain promotion into the Galway & District League Premier League.
The teams placed 9th and 10th are relegated to the Galway & District League Second Division

</doc>
<doc id="20696806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696806" title="Maria Nichiforov">
Maria Nichiforov

Maria Nichiforov (born April 9, 1951) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1970s. At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, she won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event.
Nichiforov also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-2 500 m: 1974) and three bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1975, K-4 500 m: 1973, 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20696808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696808" title="Yuri Gagarin Stadium">
Yuri Gagarin Stadium

Yuri Gagarin Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Varna, Bulgaria. It was initially used as the stadium of PFC Spartak Varna and PFC Cherno More Varna European matches. It will be replaced with a new stadium that is due to open in 2011. The capacity of the stadium was 40,000 spectators.
The stadium was demolished in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20696818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696818" title="Rial Chew Ranch Complex">
Rial Chew Ranch Complex

The Rial Chew Ranch Historic District comprises a ranching operation in what is now Dinosaur National Monument in northwestern Colorado, that existed from 1900 to 1949. The Rial Chew family established the ranch in 1900, operating it as a park inholding after the national monument was established in 1919. The district includes a house, a cabin, root cellar, corrals and several storage buildings. The cabin may have been built at Blue Mountain by Harry Chew, and moved to the present site by Jack Chew, Rial's father. The ranch was occupied by the Chew family until their special use permit expired in the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20696851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696851" title="New Varna Stadium">
New Varna Stadium

New Varna Stadium (or Varna Stadium) () is a description of a new multi-use stadium in Varna, Bulgaria, that is currently undergoing construction. It is located in the north-east part of the city. The stadium will be used for football matches and will be the new home ground of the local Cherno More Varna. It is due to open in 2013 and will have a capacity of 30,000 spectators and a possible expansion to 45,000. The stadium, as part of Sport Complex Varna, will have an underground parking area, convertible roof covers, office lounges, two-tier stands and four towers, which will block the pressure of the terrain and bring the stadium in a shape of a ship. The convertible roof covers will be made of transparent panels, which will allow the light of the floodlights to stream inside the pitch during night matches. The venue will be awarded with an elite stadium rating by UEFA, making it the second stadium in Bulgaria (after the National Stadium) with a UEFA elite ranking. 
The sport complex and its concept will be built by the German architect company GMP International GmbH, which built several stadiums for the 2006 FIFA World Cup (including the renovation of the Olympiastadion in Berlin and the construction of the Commerzbank-Arena in Frankfurt).
The stadium can also support a possible bid as a venue for the Euro 2020, which Bulgaria and Romania are planning to host.
The construction officially started on September 12, 2008, with the demolishing of the Yuri Gagarin Stadium.
Also, the stadium will be able to host Champions League and Europa League matches, because of the lack of suitable stadiums in Eastern Bulgaria. (The only stadium in Eastern Bulgaria which can host matches of European competitions is the Lazur Stadium in Burgas.)
, the construction of the new stadium is on hold, due to the global financial crisis and according to various sources the construction works will start in late 2010 or in early 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20696869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696869" title="Matchless G12">
Matchless G12

The Matchless G12 is a British motorcycle made by Associated Motorcycles at the former Matchless works in Plumstead, London. Developed in 1958 specifically to capture the potentially lucrative US market, the last G12 was produced in 1966.
Development.
Matchless G12.
The Matchless G12 was one of the last motorcycles under the Matchless name and was also produced as the AJS Model 31 by the same company. Designer by Phil Walker, AMC knew that it had to be a but wanted to use as many parts from the Model 11 as possible. The cylinders could not be bored out further so the stroke was lengthened from , resulting in a capacity of . This meant developing a new crankshaft and primary chaincase, which also provided the opportunity to add a Lucas alternator. Volume production began in September 1958.
Matchless G12 De Luxe.
In 1959 the G12 was redesigned and modernised as the "De Luxe" with a new full cradle tubular duplex frame and a new cylinder head. Vibration had always been a problem, so the crankshaft was upgraded to nodular iron. 
Capable of performance, the G12 became popular with the American market.
Matchless G12 CS.
The Matchless G12 CS (sometimes referred to as the CS X) was an off-road version of the Matchless G12 with improved ground clearance and a slightly upswept exhaust and an 8.5:1 compression ratio. It was not a trials competition machine but instead aimed at the 'desert racer' market in the US.
Matchless G12 CSR.
The Matchless G12 "CSR" designation officially stood for "Competition/Sprung/Roadster," the same nomenclature used with the G80 and G50 models. It is mistakenly referenced as Competition/Sport/Road. It was dubbed the Coffee Shop Racer by its rivals. With its distinctive two-into-one 'siamese' exhaust system and upgraded camshafts the CSR was a high performance motorcycle with what was, at the time, a high compression ratio of 8.5:1, distinguishing it and the G12 CS from the other G12 models, having a 7.5:1 compression ratio. The factory diverted Chief Engineer Jack Williams from AJS 7R development to address the problems with leaks and vibration and modify the bikes for racing - with the result that Ron Langston and Don Chapman won the prestigious Thruxton 500 long distance endurance race on the AJS Model 31 counterpart to the G12. Encouraged by this victory in 1963 the G12 CSR gained the name "Monarch" and twin carburettors (the AJS version was renamed the "Hurricane").
Matchless G15/45.
In 1964 the CSR gained Norton brakes and forks, and the following year a Norton Atlas engine replaced the trouble prone AMC unit. In 1962 and 1963, AMC had produced a limited run of 212 touring motorcycles of displacement using an enlarged version of the G12 AMC-designed engine, but these bikes—which were given the model designation "G15/45"—proved even less reliable than the version when ridden hard. So AMC's original plans to develop a 750 cc desert racer version were abandoned. If successful, this could have saved the company as there was a huge un-met demand in the US for powerful desert racers to compete in endurance events. By this time the company were in financial trouble and production ended in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20696886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696886" title="Vinacomin">
Vinacomin

Vinacomin (Vietnam National Coal and Mineral Industries Group, ) is a Vietnamese mining company. The industrial conglomerate focuses on coal and mineral mining and has headquarters in Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh Province.
History.
Vinacomin was created by the merger of the Vietnam Coal Corporation (Vinacoal) and Vietnam Minerals Corporation. Vinacoal was established in 1995 through the merger of all Vietnam's coal exploitation and processing companies.
Operations.
Vinacomin operates within many different sectors such as coal exploitation, processing and selling, explosive and cement production, shipbuilding, automobile manufacturing, tourism, hotels, financing, services and power generation in thermal power plants, including the Cao Ngan thermal power station with China's Harbin being its main contractor and Na Duong thermal power station with Marubeni being its main contractor.
Vinacomin currently has five open-pit mines with a capacity of more than 2 million tonnes including Cao Son, Deo Nai, Coc 6, Ha Tu and Nui Beo. It also has 15 other open-pit mines with a processing capacity of 100,000 tonnes to 1 million tonnes per year. 
Vinacomin plans in cooperation with Marubeni and Linc Energy of Australia to exploit bituminous coal reserves in the Song Hong Delta using underground coal gasification technology. 
Vinacomin conducts mining operations on one of the world's largest bauxite deposits in the Central Highlands region.

</doc>
<doc id="20696894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696894" title="Upper Wade and Curtis Cabin">
Upper Wade and Curtis Cabin

The Upper Wade and Curtis Cabin was built in 1933 by John Grounds in Dinosaur National Monument. The rustic building served as a guest lodge and ranger station, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the oldest remaining guest accommodation in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20696929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696929" title="Tommy Thompson (footballer born 1938)">
Tommy Thompson (footballer born 1938)

Thomas William "Tommy" Thompson (born 9 March 1938) is an English former professional footballer. He spent nine years at Blackpool in the 1960s, making over 150 Football League appearances for the club. He played as a defender, specifically at full-back. He also played briefly for York City.
Career.
Thompson signed for Ron Suart's Blackpool, in August of the 1961–62 season, from Stockton, making his debut on 14 October in a 2–1 victory over Bolton Wanderers at Bloomfield Road. He went on to make a further five league appearances for the club that season. He also made two appearances in their FA Cup campaign, as they reached the semi-finals stage.
The following season, 1962–63, Thompson made three league starts, his only appearances of the campaign.
In 1963–64, with his chances again limited, he made eight league appearances.
It was in 1964–65, however, that he made his breakthrough as a first-team regular. He replaced the departed Barrie Martin at left-back, and went on to appear in 43 of Blackpool's 45 league and cup games.
Thompson scored his only goal for the club in 1965–66, in a 5–3 home League victory over Arsenal on 16 October, en route to making 36 appearances.
He switched between the left- and right-back berths throughout 1966–67, deputising in the latter position when Jimmy Armfield was unavailable. He made 36 league, one FA Cup and four League Cup appearances.
1967–68 was Stan Mortensen's first full season in charge of Blackpool, after replacing Ron Suart two-thirds of the way through the previous term, and he gave twelve starts to Thompson, plus one appearance as substitute. Thompson did, however, appear in both of the club's FA Cup ties and one of their three League Cup fixtures.
Thompson's final season at Blackpool, 1968–69, saw his make sixteen league appearances, the final one being in a 3–2 defeat at home to Charlton Athletic on 11 January. He spent the 1969–70 season playing in the reserves. He joined York City, who were then in the Fourth Division, in July 1970 and played four games for the team, with these appearances coming after an injury to Chris Topping after the opening day of the 1970–71 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20696943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696943" title="Germain Pirlot">
Germain Pirlot

Germain Pirlot (born 18 March 1943 in Sart-Custinne, Gedinne, Belgium) is a Belgian esperantist and ex-teacher of French and history, presently living in Ostend. He is best known as the inventor of the name "euro" for the common currency of the European Union (EU). 
On 4 August 1995, Pirlot sent a letter to then President of the European Commission, Jacques Santer, in which he suggested the name "euro" to be used for the planned currency of the EU. Later, Pirlot received an official letter thanking him for the suggestion.
The name "euro" was officially adopted by the European Council in Madrid (Spain) on 16 December 1995. Jean-Jacques Schul, chairman of Promeuro (Association for the promotion of the euro), claims that to his knowledge nobody else had suggested to use this name for the currency before 4 August 1995.
Another suggestion made by Pirlot in the same letter, to name the hundredth of the currency "ropas", has not been realized – instead, the name "cent" has been adopted.

</doc>
<doc id="20696958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696958" title="Speaking of Jane Roberts">
Speaking of Jane Roberts

Speaking of Jane Roberts is a biography of Jane Roberts written by Susan M. Watkins. It was published on 21 August 2006,

</doc>
<doc id="20696962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696962" title="80th Training Regiment (United States)">
80th Training Regiment (United States)

The 80th Training unit was constituted August 5, 1917 in the National Army as Headquarters, 155th Field Artillery Brigade, and assigned to the 80th Division.
The unit was organized at Camp Lee, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20696978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696978" title="Berner Honiglebkuchen">
Berner Honiglebkuchen

Berner Honiglebkuchen are "Lebkuchen" traditionally made in Berne, Switzerland. Distinguished from other Lebkuchen by their sometimes elaborate sugar decorations, they are not to be confused with the "Berner Haselnusslebkuchen", another Bernese specialty which is made from ground hazelnuts.
Composition and production.
"Honiglebkuchen" dough is made of honey, milk, margarine, flour and potassium carbonate (as leavening agent), as well as a mixture of spices. The spice mixture is specific to each bakery – which is why it is said that no two "Honiglebkuchen" taste the same – but coriander, anise, star anise, cloves, ginger and nutmeg are commonly used.
After a leavening period of four days, the dough is softened by rolling it, rolled out to a thickness of , and cut into the desired shape. Most "Honiglebkuchen" are rectangular, but round or heart-shaped forms are also used. The "Lebkuchen" are baked as dryly as possible at around for about 14 to 20 minutes. Immediately afterwards, they are given a shiny coat with a solution of potato starch in water, called "Feculé".
The sugar decorations are traditionally applied manually by specialised confectioners using a triangular bag. The most popular motif is the bear, Berne's heraldic animal, which is shown in various scenes and poses, such as in the "Bärengraben". Cheaper "Lebkuchen", such as the one pictured above, feature standardised decorations applied by template.
History.
"Lebkuchen" with honey and exotic spices were already made in medieval Swiss monasteries. A 16th century recipe from Lucerne is already very similar to the contemporary recipe, except that fewer spices were used. In Berne, the "Lebkuchen" is first recorded in early 19th century cookbooks. The sugar decorations are believed to have come into general use some time after sugar manufactured from mangelwurzel became widely affordable in the early 19th century, but around the turn of the 20th century at the latest. A baker's manual of 1946 records that "the embellishments ... are made according to a decades-old tradition" and that "the application of bears, edelweiss, doves and so forth ... is and has always been a specialty and a point of pride of the Bernese confectioner."
Together with their hazelnut counterpart, "Honiglebkuchen" are the signature product of Bernese bakers and are particularly popular in the December holiday season, as well as with tourists throughout the year. Recently, "Honiglebkuchen" whose decoration can be customised through Internet services have also become popular.
Consumption.
Bakers recommend taking the "Lebkuchen" together with café au lait, in which the cake can also be dunked to improve its flavour. If eaten in this manner, even "Lebkuchen" hardened by months of exposure to air remain appetizing.

</doc>
<doc id="20696994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20696994" title="Bärbel Köster">
Bärbel Köster

Bärbel Köster (born May 26, 1957) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. She won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Köster also won four gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two in the K-2 500 m event (both 1974 and 1975) and two in the K-4 500 m event (both 1974 and 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20697003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697003" title="The Scent of the Roses">
The Scent of the Roses

The Scent of the Roses is a novel by the American writer Aleen Leslie. 
Set in 1908 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, this nostalgic novel is the recollection of a year in the life of Jane Carlyle. At age ten she enters the threshold of a large house in Squirrel Hill and meets the Weber family, owners of a department store in the adjacent booming steel town of Braddock, and soon Jane is swept up into the exciting and sometimes eccentric happenings of the Weber household. This is the debut novel of Aleen Leslie, a native Pittsburgher best known for her Hollywood screenwriting credits.

</doc>
<doc id="20697050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697050" title="My Jackhammer">
My Jackhammer

My Jackhammer is the debut album from the Benevento/Russo Duo, released in 2003 under their own production.

</doc>
<doc id="20697052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697052" title="Merchant Marine Korean Service Medal">
Merchant Marine Korean Service Medal

The Merchant Marine Korean Service Medal (Ribbon) is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine awarded for service during the Korean War.
History.
The decoration was created by the United States Maritime Administration on July 24, 1956.
Conditions.
The decoration is awarded to officers and men for service aboard merchant vessels flying the American flag in waters adjacent to Korea between June 30, 1950 and September 30, 1953, during the Korean War.
Prior to 1992, the Merchant Marine Korean Service Medal was a ribbon-only decoration. Later, a medal was affixed to the ribbon. The following is a design note: "the torii gate and taeguk are traditionally associated with Korea. The ship's chain alludes to maritime service."

</doc>
<doc id="20697077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697077" title="Hornbek House">
Hornbek House

The Hornbek House, also known as the Adaline Hornbek Homestead, in Florissant, Colorado was built in 1878 for Adaline Hornbek, who established a ranch in the area to the west of Pike's Peak in the 1870s. The log house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of an early homestead. It is an excellent example of homestead-era log construction, with unusual Greek Revival window trim on one wing. The property includes a number of outbuildings which were relocated to the site. The property was sold to the National Park Service in 1973 and is presently included in Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument.
Adaline Hornbek was an early homesteader who established a substantial ranch in an area that had previously seen only subsistence farming.

</doc>
<doc id="20697088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697088" title="Senilia senilis">
Senilia senilis

Senilia senilis is a species of edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Arcidae, the ark shells.

</doc>
<doc id="20697094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697094" title="Wazzani">
Wazzani

Al Wazzani (Al-Ouazzani), also known as Arab Louaize, is a small Lebanese village in the Hasbaya District of the Nabatieh Governorate, just north of the Israel-Lebanon border, on the banks of the Hasbani River. The village is located about 1 km from the Wazzani Spring, a major source of the Hasbani, which is a tributary of the Jordan River. The village has about 200 residents.
In 2001 the Lebanese government installed a small pumping station with a 10 cm bore near the village, to supply water to the village as well the nearby villages al-Teiba and Ghajar. In March 2002 Lebanon also diverted part of the Hasbani to supply Wazzani village, an action that then Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, said was a "casus belli" and could lead to war.

</doc>
<doc id="20697095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697095" title="Senilia">
Senilia

Senilia is a genus of edible saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Arcidae, the ark shells.
Species.
Species within the genus "Senilia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20697099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697099" title="Tool Academy (season 1)">
Tool Academy (season 1)

Tool Academy is a competitive reality television show featuring nine "unsuspecting bad boys" who have been sent to "relationship boot camp". The nine men, all of whom have been nominated by their respective girlfriends, initially think they are taking part in a competition for the title of "Mr. Awesome." However, shortly after arriving they find out the truth: they are actually being entered into a "charm school" which focuses on teaching them how to behave as boyfriends. Each week, one contestant is eliminated and his girlfriend must choose whether or not to stay with him. The last contestant remaining will win a $100,000 prize and the title of "Mr. Awesome." Relationship counselor Trina Dolenz helps the contestants with their relationship problems and decides who is expelled.
The winner of the first season was Josh, who proposed to Ashley after winning the competition, and they got married directly after the graduation ceremony. 
A casting call for a second season was announced at the end of the reunion show.
Lesson of the Weeks.
Badges
Episodes.
Mr Awesome.
"First aired January 11, 2009
Fidelity Challenge.
"First aired January 18, 2009
Epic Meltdown of Tools.
"First aired January 25, 2009
Husband Material.
"First aired February 1, 2009
Episode 5.
"First aired February 8, 2009
Most Romantic Tool.
"First aired February 15, 2009
Family Values.
"First aired March 1, 2009
Two Tools Left.
"First aired March 8, 2009
Class Reunion.
"First aired March 15, 2009
The Tool Academy Class of 2009 is back to talk about their future relationships. 

</doc>
<doc id="20697114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697114" title=".scot">
.scot

.scot is a proposed top-level domain for Scotland and Scottish culture, including the Gaelic and Scots languages. In 2008 dotCYMRU, dotEUS, dotSCOT and dotBZH formed ECLID.
Later it was decided to allow almost any top-level domain for introduction sometime in 2013, and a list of applications for these was published in June 2012; the domain .scot was included.
On 27 January 2014, Dot Scot Registry announced that it had agreed terms to operate the .scot domain name, with plans to get it up and running some time in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20697128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697128" title="Banda Sea Plate">
Banda Sea Plate

The Banda Sea Plate is a small tectonic plate underlying the Banda Sea in southeast Asia. This plate also carries a portion of Sulawesi Island, the entire Seram Island, and the Banda Islands. Clockwise from the east it is bounded by the Bird's Head Plate of western New Guinea, Australian Plate, Timor Plate, Sunda Plate, and the Molucca Sea Collision Zone. The western border is a convergent boundary largely responsible for the mountains in western Sulawesi, subduction zones also exist on the eastern border near Seram and the southern border with the Timor Plate. A small rift is located in the middle of Sulawesi. It is a very seismically active area home to many volcanoes and the site of many large earthquakes, the largest of which was the 1938 Banda Sea earthquake which measured around 8.5 on the Richter scale.

</doc>
<doc id="20697143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697143" title="Regional Studies Association">
Regional Studies Association

The Regional Studies Association is a major international learned society that is concerned with the analysis of regions and regional issues. Through its international membership, the RSA provides an authoritative voice of, and network for, academics, students, practitioners, policy makers and interested lay people in the field of regional studies.
The Regional Studies Association (RSA) organises frequent events and conferences, and publishes the journals "Regional Studies", "Spatial Economic Analysis", and "Territory, Politics, Governance", the open access journal "Regional Studies, Regional Science", its "Regions and Cities" book series with the publisher Taylor and Francis, and its newsletter, "Regions".
The RSA’s Research Networks are formed by RSA members to organise a series of events to examine an issue of collective interest. The Association offers grants of up to a maximum of £3000 to members wishing to establish a Research Network.
The Association comprises a large number of branches and country sections.
The RSA's President is Sir Peter Hall and its Chief Executive Sally Hardy. The RSA's Chair is Professor Andrew Beer (Adelaide University); he succeeded Professor David Bailey who served two terms as Chair over 2006-12.
Sir Peter was awarded the RSA's Prize for Outstanding Contribution to the field of Regional Studies at the RSA's Presidential Lunch held at the House of Commons in September 2008. In subsequent years the Association has awarded an annual Sir Peter Hall Prize for outstanding contribution to the field of Regional Studies, with recipients including Ann Markusen, John Bachtler, John Goddard and Michael Storper. The most recent recipient in 2013 was Professor Allen J. Scott.
The RSA is a member society of the Academy of Social Sciences, previously known as the Academy of Learned Societies in the Social Sciences. The Association is also a recognised United Nations NGO with Consultative Status (ECOSOC).

</doc>
<doc id="20697148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697148" title="Amanuban">
Amanuban

Amanuban was a traditional princedom in West Timor, Indonesia. It lay in the regency (kabupaten) Timor Tengah Selatan. In the late colonial period, according to an estimate in 1930, Amanuban covered 2,075 square kilometers. The centre of the princedom since the nineteenth century was Niki-Niki. The population belongs to the Atoni group. Today they are predominantly Protestants, with a significant Catholic minority and some Muslims.
Early history.
The ancestor of the royal line is said to have come from Roti island, west of Timor. Amanuban is mentioned in Dutch sources as early as 1613, when the Dutch East India Company (Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie or VOC) first approached Timor. Amanuban had resources of sandalwood, which was the main Western interest on the island. The Dutch concluded a contract with the King of Amanuban in 1616, but the princedom came under the influence of the Portuguese, political and commercial rivals of the Dutch. This influence lasted up to 1748. During this period there was intermittent warfare with the VOC enclave around Kupang in westernmost Timor. A political crisis in 1748 turned a number of Atoni princedoms, including Amanuban, against the Topasses or Portuguese Eurasians on Timor. After the Topass defeat at the hand of the VOC in November 1749, the territory of Amanuban was included in the Dutch political alliance network.
Anti-Dutch resistance.
After 1770 dynastic disputes led to a split. The larger part of Amanuban joined the prince Tobani who ruled independently of the Dutch. His son Louis (c. 1808-c. 1824) led a violently anti-Dutch policy and trained a large mounted corps of warriors with firearms. The Dutch (and the British during the 1812-1816 interregnum) sent a number of armed expeditions against Louis, without much success. In later tradition Louis is pointed out as the founder of the royal seat (sonaf) Niki-Niki. After his death the coherence of Amanuban declined.
The last independent king, Bil Nope alias Hau Sufa Leu (c. 1870-1910) befriended the encroaching Dutch colonial authorities in the early years of the twentieth century. However, the arrogant stance of the local Dutch officer caused anti-colonial resistance. Finally Bil Nope died in the flames of his residence in Niki-Niki in October 1910. In modern Indonesia he is regarded as an anti-colonial hero. 
Under colonial rule.
Another branch of the dynasty was enthroned, and Amanuban continued as a 'zelfbesturende landschap' (self-ruling territory) under colonial surveillance until the departure of the Dutch (1942 and 1949). In 1952, a few years after the formation of a unitary Indonesian republic, the princedom was turned into a so-called 'swapraja', still with the old ruler as headman (kepala daerah swapraja). In 1959 a new administrative region (Daerah Tingkat II), Timor Tengah Selatan was formed, and included the old swaprajas Mollo, Amanuban and Amanatun. In 1962-63 the swapraja, and with it the last remnants of traditional governance, was abrogated by official decree. Members of the old ruling family, Nope, still have an amount of local informal influence.

</doc>
<doc id="20697150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697150" title="Trotter's syndrome">
Trotter's syndrome

Trotter's syndrome Can be easily confused with temporomandibular disorder as related to advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma and is associated with the following:
Diagnoses of this syndrome are currently on the rise due to increased use of bisphosphonates.

</doc>
<doc id="20697159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697159" title="Battle of Basing">
Battle of Basing

The Battle of Basing was a battle on 22 January 871 at Old Basing in what is now the English county of Hampshire. It was one of a series of battles that took place following an invasion of the then kingdom of Wessex by an army of Danes. Both battle and campaign are described in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle.
The Danes had established a camp at Reading, and the previous battles of Englefield, Reading and Ashdown had proved indecisive, with victories to both sides.
Two weeks after the Saxon victory at Ashdown, the armies met again at Basing. The Saxon army, led by King Ethelred, was beaten by the Danes. But just like its predecessors, this battle was indecisive, and it was followed two months later by the Battle of Marton, where the Vikings again prevailed. In April Ethelred died, to be succeeded by Alfred the Great, and much of King Alfred's 28-year reign was taken up with the Danish conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="20697212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697212" title="Billennium (short story)">
Billennium (short story)

"Billenium" (or "Billennium") is a short story by J. G. Ballard first published in the January 1962 edition of "Amazing Stories" (Volume 36, Number 1) and in the "Billennium" collection. It later appeared in "The Terminal Beach" (1964), and "" (2006).
With a dystopian ambience, "Billennium" explores themes similar to Ballard's earlier story "The Concentration City", of space shortages and over-crowding.
Setting.
The story is set in the future (possibly c. 21st century - see billennium) where the world is becoming increasingly overpopulated, with a population of around 20 billion. Most of its inhabitants live in crowded central cities in order to preserve as much land as possible outside of them for farming, and as a result the world does not have a food problem, nor wars - since all governments devote themselves to addressing the problems caused by overpopulation. In the city inhabited by the two protagonists, John Ward and Henry Rossiter, there is a mass shortage of space and the people live in small cellular rooms where they are charged by ceiling space, the legal maximum decreasing to per person. The city streets are enormously crowded, resulting in occasional pedestrian congestions that last days at a time. Most old and historical buildings have been taken down to make way for new battery homes or divided into hundreds of small cubicles.
Plot.
The story revolves around Ward and Rossiter's combined discovery of a secret, larger-than-average room adjacent to their rented cubicle. As the two bask in the extra personal space that they have never known, things become complicated when they allow two other close friends to share the space, and the ensuing snowball effect of their invitees bringing family to live in the room. In the end, the "luxurious" space comes to be the same type of crowded cubicle that they were trying to escape from in the first place.

</doc>
<doc id="20697213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697213" title="AJS Model 31">
AJS Model 31

The AJS Model 31 was a British motorcycle made by Associated Motorcycles at the former Matchless works in Plumstead, London. Developed in 1958 specifically to capture the potentially lucrative US market, the last Model 31 was produced in 1966.
Development.
AJS Model 31.
The AJS Model 31 was also produced as the Matchless G12 by the same company. Designer by Phil Walker, AMC knew that it had to be a 650cc but wanted to use as many cycle parts from the Model 11 as possible. The cylinders could not be bored out further so the stroke was lengthened from 72.8mm to 79.3mm, resulting in a capacity of 646cc. The meant developing a new crankshaft and primary chaincase, which also provided the opportunity to add a Lucas alternator. Volume production began in September 1958. 
AJS Model 31 De Luxe.
In 1959 the Model 31 was redesigned and modernised as the "De Luxe" with a new full cradle tubular duplex frame and a new cylinder head. Vibration had always been a problem, so the crankshaft was upgraded to nodular iron. Capable of 100 mph performance, the AJS Model 31 became popular with the American market.
AJS Model 31 CSR.
The AJS Model 31 "CSR" designation officially stood for "Competition / Sport / Road" but it was dubbed the "Coffee Shop Racer" by its rivals. With its distinctive 2 into 1 'siamese' exhaust system and upgraded camshafts the CSR was a high performance motorcycle but still prone to leaks and vibration. The factory diverted Chief Engineer Jack Williams from AJS 7R development to address the problems and modify the bikes for racing - with the result that Ron Langston and Don Chapman won the prestigious Thruxton 500 long distance endurance race on the AJS Model 31. Encouraged by this victory in 1963 the AJS Model 31 gained the name "Hurricane").
By 1966 the company were in financial trouble and production ended.

</doc>
<doc id="20697214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697214" title="Finners Quinlan">
Finners Quinlan

Thomas Finners Quinlan (October 21, 1887 – February 17, 1966) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball with the St. Louis Cardinals in 1913 and Chicago White Sox in 1915. Quinlan was 5 feet, 8 inches (172 cm) tall and weighed 154 pounds (70 kg).
Career.
Quinlan was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, in 1887. He started his professional baseball career in 1908, when he played one game for the New York State League's Scranton Miners. In 1911 he played in the Ohio-Pennsylvania League for a season and then returned to the Scranton Miners for 1912 and 1913. He had a batting average of .283 in 1913, and in August of that year, his contract was sold to the St. Louis Cardinals.
Quinlan made his major league debut on September 6, 1913. He played 13 games for the Cardinals that season and batted .160 with one run batted in (RBI). The one RBI came on a game-winning hit off future Hall of Fame pitcher Christy Mathewson.
Quinlan returned to the minor leagues for one year. He batted .290 for the Pacific Coast League's Oakland Oaks and then was purchased by another major league club, the Chicago White Sox. He spent the early part of 1915 with Chicago, batted .193 in 42 games, and then returned to the Pacific Coast League with the Salt Lake City Bees.
In 1916, Quinlan batted a career-high .313 with 49 doubles. He led the PCL in both hits (241) and outfield assists (43). However, his batting average then dropped to .254 in 1917.
Quinlan did not play professional baseball in 1918, as he had joined the military for World War I. On September 9, 1918, he lost an eye and his right leg in the Battle of Argonne Forest in France.
At the end of his career, Quinlan moved back to his hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania and died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20697223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697223" title="Kira Town">
Kira Town

Kira Town is a municipality in Wakiso District in Central Uganda. It is administered by Kira Town Council, an urban local government within Wakiso District Administration. 
Location.
Kira Town is bordered by Gayaza to the north, Mukono Town to the east, Lake Victoria to the south, the city of Kampala to the west and Kasangati Municipality to the northwest. The coordinates of the town are:00 24 00N, 32 38 24E (Latitude:0.4000; Longitude:32.6400). The town lies approximately northeast of the central business district of the city of Kampala, Uganda’s capital. The total area of the town is or .
Administration.
Kira Town is divided into six administrative units called Wards. These are:
Organizational structure.
The political head of the town is the mayor who is elected to a five-year term by universal adult suffrage across the six wards. The supreme policy-making organ is the Town Council, composed of 24 elected councilors. The technical staff of the municipality is headed by the town clerk, under whom there are several municipal departments.
Population.
Kira Town is the largest municipality in Uganda, by population. The town is the second-largest urban center in the country, after Kampala, the national capital, and the largest metropolitan area in the country. The last national census in 2002 estimated Kira’s population to be 140,774 people, of whom 67,222 (47.8%) were males and 73,548 (52.2%) were females. The 2002 census gave the following figures for each of the six wards:
In 2011, the Uganda Bureau of Statitistics (UBOS) estimated the population of the town had increased to about 179,800. In 2012, the Kira Town planner estimated the town's population at 300,000 and growing.
Population trends.
The population of Kira Town has grown at a relatively rapid rate, compared to the national average over the last decade. Part of the rapid growth is attributable to the town's proximity to Kampala, the national capital and largest city in the country (est. pop: 1,659,600 in 2011), with Kira serving as a bedroom community for the city.
Economic activities.
Many women in the town engage in such activities as hair care, road-side groceries, market vending, restaurants, and health care clinics. Men are mainly engaged in wholesale and retail merchandising, taxi driving and boda boda (motorcycle and bicycle) for-hire transportation. Increasingly, residents of Kira Town are employed in salaried and non-salaried positions in the city of Kampala and return to Kira in the evenings to sleep. Kampala Industrial and Business Park (KIBP), a business development park developed by the Uganda Investment Authority at a cost of US$43 million, is located at Namanve, in Bweyogerere Ward in extreme southeastern Kira Town.
Sites of interest.
Basilica of the Uganda Martyrs at Namugongo.
The Catholic Basilica of the Uganda Martyrs has been built at Namugongo, located in Kyaliwajjala Ward, where the majority of the twenty two Catholic Uganda Martyrs (now Saints) were burned alive on the orders of Ssekabaka Mwanga II in the late 19th century. An Anglican shrine, administered by the Church of Uganda, is located about , east of the Catholic Basilica, at the site where another group of Martyrs were murdered for their beliefs.
Kabaka’s Palaces at Kireka and Banda.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II and the Nnabagereka of Buganda, Sylvia Nagginda, maintain palaces: one at Kireka and another at Banda, both in Kireka Ward.
Mandela National Stadium.
Mandela National Stadium is the largest stadium in Uganda, with a sitting capacity of 45,202 people. It is at Namboole, in Bweyogerere Ward.
Infrastructure.
Healthcare.
Kira Town has five health centers, four of which are level II. Plans are underway to upgrade the one Level III Health Center at Kira into Kira Hospital. When fully developed, Kira Hospital will have an Outpatient Department, a Maternity Ward, a Children’s Ward and an Adult Inpatient Ward. It will serve as a referral center for the other four outlying municipal health centers in the town. Kira Municipality is working together with the American NGO Ugandan American Development Coalition Inc. (UGADEC) to realize this goal. On average, about 100 outpatients per day are seen at each of the five municipal health centers, bringing the total to approximately 500 patients daily throughout the municipality.
Road Construction and Maintenance.
In 2006, there were a total of of road network in the town of which only (4.3%) were tarmacked. The acquisition of a grader in 2006 was expected to assist in maintaining the municipality road network. More of the municipality roads need to be tarmacked.
In 2009, a second, brand new tractor-grader was purchased by the Town Council at a cost of approximately US$300,000. At its inaugural ceremony, it was announced that the equipment will be used 60% of the time in Kira Town. The remaining 40% of the time it will be rented out to neighboring jurisdictions to raise funds for its maintenance. Between 2006 and 2009, a total of of roads within the town were covered with bitumen for the first time, bringing the total of road-miles in the town that are tarmacked to (12.2%)
The Kampala Northern Bypass Highway.
The Kampala Northern Bypass Highway, also referred to as the Northern Bypass, is the first dual-carriage interstate highway to be built in Uganda. It forms an incomplete circle around the northeast, north and northwest of the city of Kampala. The northern and eastern portion of the highway traverses Bweyogerere and Kireka wards, in Kira Town.
Solid waste management.
The municipality has acquired a property for the construction of a modern, environmentally safe waste management facility. Efforts are underway to obtain garbage trucks and waste disposal bins and skips. The municipality welcomes willing stakeholders who can partner with the town to create a safe, sanitary and environmentally safe garbage disposal system for Kira Town.
Other public health issues.
The Public Health Department of Kira Town is determined to improve the living conditions of its citizens, through detailed attention to sanitation, provision of safe drinking water, safe disposal of human and other waste and the maintenance of hygiene in schools, markets and other public places. Plans are underway to formulate minimum acceptable hygiene standards for private and public buildings as well as open spaces.
Poverty eradication.
Kira Town Council is actively engaged in devising ways to create gainful employment for all citizens who are capable of working. There are efforts at Council level to provide adult literacy classes to those adults who are willing and able to learn. Efforts are underway to assist citizens in starting income-producing activities like poultry farming, small animal husbandry, brick-laying, carpentry, crafts manufacture, growing mushrooms and other vegetables.
Schools.
Kira Town is home to over one hundred and fifty elementary schools, of which about thirty are government schools and the rest are privately owned. There are over sixty secondary schools, ten of which are government schools and the rest being private. These schools face multiple challenges including insufficient classroom space, insufficient accommodation for teachers, insufficient food supplies, inadequate or outdated textbooks and lack of modern electronic communications.
In January 2011, Shimoni Primary Teachers’ Training College, opened at Kitikifumba, in Kira Municipality. The college, formerly located on Nakasero Hill, was established by the British Government in collaboration with the Indian Goan community, in 1952. In 2007, the former location was sold to an investor to construct the thirty-story luxury Kampala Intercontinental Hotel. The new location in Kira Town occupies . The facilities can accommodate approximately four hundred and fifty students and teaching staff. The new college cost approximately US$4 million (UGX:8 billion) to build.

</doc>
<doc id="20697236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697236" title="Matidia">
Matidia

Matidia can refer to the following people:
It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20697245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697245" title="Spinnerin am Kreuz">
Spinnerin am Kreuz

The German name Spinnerin am Kreuz ("Spinner at the Cross") is the title given to two separate Austrian stone-tower sculptures (over 600-years-old), one in Vienna and the other in the nearby city of Wiener Neustadt ("New Vienna"). They are related to the story of a wife spinning beside a cross. Both columns had been designed originally by Meister Michael Knab:
Both stone-towers were rebuilt or renovated to survive into the 21st century.
Stone tower in Vienna.
The first "Spinnerin am Kreuz" is located in Vienna's 10th district (Favoriten), as a legendary old landmark on Wienerberg hill. It was erected in 1375, according to plans by stonemason Meister Michael Knab, but was temporarily destroyed in 1446. Five years later, in 1451/52 (?), it was re-erected in a new design, still using the old foundations, by Hans Puchsbaum. (He also designed the short spire on Stephansdom cathedral.) The purpose of this limestone pillar was to mark the southern border of Vienna and also provide a navigational landmark for faring folk. Before the limestone bildstock was created, a wooden column had stood at this site, first mentioned in a document from 1296.
The stone tower is a tall yet elaborately structured tabernacle pillar on an octagonal cross-shaped floor plan. The tower is decorated with pinnacles plus baldachins, with groups of figures in the baldachins (The Crucifixion, The Scourging Of Christ, Christ Crowned With Thorns, Ecce Homo). The general area of Wienerberg hill had been used as a place of execution (mostly by hanging) until the year 1747 and during 1804-1868. The Vienna tower has been restored or renovated several times.
Stone tower in Wiener Neustadt.
The second "Spinnerin am Kreuz" is located in the city of Wiener Neustadt (Austria), some distance south of Vienna. The 2nd stone-tower was erected by Meister M. Knab (who designed the first tower), outside of the town (in front of the Wiener Tor gate), during 1382-1384. The tower is 21 m (69 ft) high, consisting of four tapering elements, and richly ornamented with figures. Among the figures are statues of saints, reliefs depicting scenes about the Passion of Christ, and coats of arms. Other figures are relief busts of the master builder and the founder, plus their wives.
Story of the spinning wife.
There is a well-known legend that relates the tale of the "Spinnerin am Kreuz":
In modern times, both towers bear the name "Spinnerin am Kreuz" and were built within 9 years of each other.

</doc>
<doc id="20697256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697256" title="Drew Naylor">
Drew Naylor

Drew Roy Naylor (born 31 May 1986) is a former Australian minor league baseball player.
Naylor made his Minor League debut in , and spent 2006 and 2007 with the GCL Phillies and the Williamsport Crosscutters.
He spent the 2008 season with two teams, playing for the Lakewood BlueClaws and the Clearwater Threshers, going 5-3 in 14 games in Lakewood.
Naylor was also on the 2009 World Baseball Classic roster for Australia.
In late 2010 Naylor played the second half of the season in the Australian Baseball League, making his debut on 22 December 2010 in Melbourne where he gave up a two run home-run in two innings of relief at the batter-friendly Melbourne Showgrounds. He finished the season with a 3.21 ERA over 14 innings including two starts. In 2011, he started a Phillies spring training game against Florida State University, picking up the win in a scoreless outing.
He missed the entire 2011 season after undergoing Tommy John surgery, and was designated for assignment by the Phillies on 16 September 2011. He was then released from the Phillies as a free agent in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20697267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697267" title="Galway &amp; District League Second Division">
Galway &amp; District League Second Division

The Galway & District League Second Division is the third tier of the Galway & District League football competition [http://galwayfa.net/].
For sponsorship reasons the competition is known as the Western Hygiene Supplies Second Division.
Promotion and relegation.
The first and second placed team in the competition gain promotion into the Galway & District League First Division.
The teams placed 9th and 10th are relegated to the Galway & District League Third Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20697273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697273" title="Mária Zakariás">
Mária Zakariás

Mária Zakariás (born December 28, 1952) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. She won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
Zakariás also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-4 500 m: 1973) and two bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1974, K-4 500 m: 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20697284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697284" title="Fruux">
Fruux

fruux is a cross-platform synchronization service operated by fruux, the company behind the popular open source project SabreDAV. The service enables users to synchronize address book contacts, calendar events, tasks, bookmarks and notes between Apple computers and other devices. The web app also allows to manage contacts, calendars and tasks in the browser.
fruux synchronization uses encrypted SSL transfers. fruux supports conflict resolution that helps users when data was changed on more than one computer to choose the correct dataset. fruux runs entirely on Amazon Web Services infrastructure. The company uses Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) to run its nginx Web servers. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is fruux’s choice for versioned application code and backup storage. In addition, fruux uses Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) to manage its central databases and Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) as a highly scalable bulk and transactional email-sending service.
The service is similar to services such as iCloud or Plaxo. fruux supports synchronization of mainly contacts, calendar events and to do items between a wide array of devices and services. The company recently announced the launch of calendar syncing with iOS and other CalDAV capable devices and is also offering contact synchronization with both iOS and other CardDAV capable devices.
The company released a device management layer in May 2012 and is working on a special offering for Teams as another distinguishing feature. The recently released calendar sharing feature allows users to invite other people into their calendars with the possibility to set individual permissions and gives a first glimpse at the future team offering.
fruux secured a six-figure seed round in March 2012, led by High-Tech Gründerfonds.

</doc>
<doc id="20697296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697296" title="1980 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1980 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1980 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season. Coached by Bo Schembechler, Michigan won the Big Ten Conference championship with a record of 10–2 (8–0 in conference) and defeated the Washington Huskies in the 1981 Rose Bowl game, 23–6. After starting the season 1–2 with a narrow victory over Northwestern and losses to Notre Dame and South Carolina, the 1980 season looked like it would be disappointment. A quarterback controversy concerning the choice of Rich Hewlett to start the season over the popular John Wangler added to the early-season turmoil. However, the defense gathered strength over the course of the season, scored three consecutive shutouts, and did not allow a touchdown in the final 22 quarters of the season. The offense was led by All-Americans Anthony Carter at wide receiver and George Lilja at center. The Rose Bowl victory over Washington was Schembechler's first win in a bowl game, following seven bowl games losses. After falling out of the rankings for four weeks in the middle of the season, the 1980 Wolverines ended up being ranked #4 in both the AP and Coaches polls.
Season summary.
Preseason expectations.
The 1979 season marked the first time Michigan had not ended the season ranked among the nation's top ten teams since Bo Schembechler took over as coach in 1969. In the AP's 1980 preseason poll, Michigan was not even picked to be one of the top two teams in the Big Ten Conference. The AP picked Ohio State (led by Art Schlichter) as the No. 1 team in the country, and Purdue (led by Mark Herrmann) at No. 9, with Michigan ranked No. 12.
Week 1: Northwestern.
In the first game of the year, Michigan played Northwestern. The game began in a heavy rain that turned into a dowpour for most of the first half. The game was unexpectedly close, as Northwestern, in the midst of a 34-game losing streak, dominated a third quarter in which Michigan ran only three plays and had the ball for two minutes and thirty seconds. Northwestern then scored a touchdown early in the fourth quarter to tie the game, 10-10, "before a stunned crowd of 100,824 at Michigan Stadium." Michigan fans were unsure of the young sophomore quarterback, Rich Hewlett, starting in place of senior John Wangler, who had been injured in the previous year's Gator Bowl. With the game tied, 10-10, the disenchanted Michigan fans began chants of "We Want Wangler." With Northwestern still controlling the ball in the fourth quarter, Andy Cannavino fell on a Northwestern fumble at the Wildcats' 23-yard line. Hewlett responded with a 23-yard touchdown pass to Anthony Carter in the left corner of the end zone (Hewlett's second touchdown pass of the game to Carter) to give Michigan a 17-10 lead. In the final three minutes of the game, Northwestern drove the ball from its own 27 to the Michigan 7, but Andy Cannavino intercepted a pass on fourth down. After the game, Hewlett said he tried not to pay attention to the chants calling for Wangler, and Bo Schembechler said, "I don't care who they call for. You know that won't dictate what I do."
Week 2: at Notre Dame.
In the second week of the season, Michigan played Notre Dame in South Bend. After a scoreless first quarter, Notre Dame took a 14-0 lead in the second quarter. John Wangler replaced Rich Hewlett in the second quarter, and threw two touchdown passes in the span of 1:19 to tie the game, 14-14, at halftime. In the second half, Anthony Carter returned the opening kickoff 67 yards to the Notre Dame 32-yard line, and Michigan scored on a two-yard run by Stanley Edwards. Notre Dame scored a touchdown (but missed the extra point) with 1:03 left in the third quarter on a 49-yard interception return of a Wangler pass. The last three minutes of the game proved to be one of the most exciting finishes in the Michigan-Notre Dame rivalry. With 3:03 left in the game, Notre Dame scored to take a 26-21 lead (an attempted two-point conversion failed). On the next drive, Butch Woolfolk ran 36 yards on a trap play, taking the ball to the Notre Dame four-yard line with less than a minute to play. Wangler threw a pass to Woolfolk in the end zone that was tipped and caught by Michigan tight end, Craig Dunaway, to give the Wolverines a 27-26 lead with 41 seconds left. After a touchback, Notre Dame took over on its own 20-yard line with 40 seconds left. In five plays, Notre Dame moved the ball to the Michigan 41-yard line. Notre Dame's drive was aided by a controversial pass interference call against Michigan of which Coach Schembechler said after the game, "It was the key play, without it, they wouldn't have scored at all." And on the final play of the game, Notre Dame placekicker Harry Oliver kicked an improbable 51-yard field into a strong wind to give Notre Dame the 29-27 victory. Notre Dame coach Dan Devine performed the sign of the cross as Oliver's kick left his foot, and Oliver said, "This is by far the greatest moment of my life. I have to thank God and Our Lady, God had to be with me." Schembechler said after the game, "I'm proud of the way we came back. We had as much right to win as they did. But they hung in there and they had the last shot. Time just ran out."
Week 3: South Carolina.
Michigan faced South Carolina and 1980 Heisman Trophy winner George Rogers in the third week of the season. The press deemed South Carolina to be a heavy underdog going into the game. One writer noted, "Opponents like South Carolina are expected to be patsies. No trouble to beat." Consistent with expectations, Michigan took a 14-3 lead into halftime on a pair of touchdown passes from John Wangler to Anthony Carter. On the first drive of the second half, Michigan drove the ball to South Carolina's 8-yard line and appeared to be poised to take a 21-3 lead. However, on first and goal, Stan Edwards fumbled the ball into the endzone, and South Carolina recovered. South Carolina drove the ball 80 years for a touchdown to tighten the score to 14-10. On the ensuing drive, Michigan faced a fourth down with one yard to go at its own 29-yard line. Michigan faked the punt, but Stan Edwards was stopped for no gain. South Carolina responded with its second touchdown on the short field and took a 17-14 lead. After the game, Coach Schembechler blamed himself for the loss and the fake punt call. He said, "It was that a coach didn't have confidence in his defense. Hey, I've got to start realizing our defense isn't that bad. We should have punted ..." Late in the fourth quarter, Michigan had a chance to tie the game with a field goal, but opted to go for the touchdown on a pass play that was tipped off the hands of Anthony Carter. On not kicking the field goal, Schembechler said, "My players wouldn't want a tie in a non-conference game." South Carolina's offense was led by its tailback (and Heisman Trophy winner) George Rogers, who gained 142 yards on 36 carries.
With the loss to South Carolina, Michigan was 1-2 and had lost 5 of its last 6 games. It was the first time Michigan had lost consecutive non-conference games since 1967.
Week 4: California.
In its fourth game, Michigan beat California, 38-13, in front of 104,621 spectators at Michigan Stadium. The game was close for the first three quarters, as Cal's Heisman Trophy candidate, quarterback Rich Campbell, completed 22 of 34 passes (including 15 for 15 in the second half) for 249 yards. But three fourth-quarter touchdowns by Michigan gave Michigan a 25-point margin of victory. Michigan gained 388 rushing yards in the game, including 184 yards by Lawrence Ricks and 127 yards by Stan Edwards. After the game, Schembechler noted that respect for Cal quarterback Campbell led Michigan to emphasize the run: "Our intention was to control the ball and keep our defense off the field. You won't see that kind of running much more this season. ... Campbell dictated our offense. Our strategy was to keep him off the field. You're never out of the woods with Campbell."
Week 5: Michigan State.
In the fifth week of the season, Michigan defeated its in-state rival, Michigan State, in a close game by a score of 27-23. Michigan running back Butch Woolfolk rushed for 136 yards, and the Spartans' placekicker, Morten Andersen kicked three field goals in the game, including a school-record 57-yarder. With the game tied 13-13 in the second half, Michigan State was penalized for roughing Michigan placekicker, Ali Haji-Sheikh. Though Haji-Sheikh's field goal was good, Michigan coach Schembechler decided to accept the penalty (taking three Michigan points off the board) and go for the touchdown. Three plays later, John Wangler threw a touchown pass to Anthony Carter. When questioned about the call after the game, Schembechler grinned and said, "So old Bo isn't too dumb is he?" Michigan scored its final touchdown on a pass from Wangler to Craig Dunaway. Michigan intercepted a pass in the final minute-and-a-half of the game to stop the Spartans' final drive.
Week 6: at Minnesota.
In week six, Michigan won a convincing 37-14 road victory over Minnesota. Butch Woolfolk scored two first-half touchdowns, including a 27-yard touchdown run on Michigan's opening possession. Quarterback John Wangler threw for a personal-high 227 yards on 16-for-22 passing, and Anthony Carter caught nine passes for 149 yards and two touchdowns. Ali Haji-Sheikh added three field goals.
Week 7: Illinois.
Week seven's match-up against Illinois had special significance, because Michigan assistant coaches Gary Moeller and Lloyd Carr had been fired by Illinois after the 1979 season. Rumors spread before the game that coach Schembechler wanted to "make Illinois pay" for the firings. Michigan fullback Stan Edwards ran for a career-high 152 yards in the game, though he also fumbled the ball while running untouched in the open field in the second quarter. Michigan also had a 78-yard punt return nullified for clipping. Anthony Carter caught five passes for 121 yards and a touchdown in the first half, and did not play in the second half. After the game, the Michigan players presented game balls to assistant coaches Moeller and Carr.
Week 8: at Indiana.
The Michigan defense scored its first of three straight shutouts in week eight, as Michigan defeated Indiana, 35-0. Michigan running backs Butch Woolfolk and Lawrence Ricks ran for 152 and 123 yards respectively. The game's most unusual moment came when Ricks scored two touchdowns in a span of only 28 seconds in the first quarter. Ricks ran 29 yards for a touchdown, and on the ensuing kickoff, Indiana fumbled on its own 22 yard-line. Ricks ran the ball twice, scoring on the second carry after the fumble recovery. Anthony Carter caught a 34-yard touchdown pass from Wangler, and Woolfolk added a 64-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter.
Week 9: at Wisconsin.
Michigan shut out Wisconsin on the road in week nine, by a score of 24-0. Anthony Carter caught a touchdown pass to set a Michigan school record for touchdown receptions in a single season.
Week 10: Purdue.
Michigan's most impressive defensive performance of the season came in week 10, a 26–0 shutout of Purdue. Purdue was led that year by senior quarterback and Heisman Trophy candidate Mark Herrmann, who set all-time NCAA records for passing yardage and total offense. It was only the second time in Herrmann's four years at Purdue that the Boilermakers were shut out. In the second half, the defense did not allow a first down, and Herrmann passed for only 24 yards. The Wolverines defense also intercepted three of Herrmann's passes, including two by Tony Jackson. On offense, Michigan wide receiver Anthony Carter caught his 18th and 19th touchdown passes of the season. After the game, coach Schembechler expressed surprise when he was told that the defense had not allowed a single first down in the second half. Schembechler remarked, "Unbelievable. We've never shut any body down since I've been here like we did Purdue in the second half."
Week 11: at Ohio State.
In the final game of the regular season, Michigan faced Ohio State in front of a record crowd of 88,827 in Columbus, Ohio. Ohio State, which started the season ranked No. 1 in the country, had lost a non-conference game to UCLA and came into the game ranked No. 5. The Buckeyes were led by senior quarterback Art Schlichter who became the third player in Big Ten history to surpass 6,000 yards in total offense (Mark Herrmann and Rick Leach were the first to accomplish the feat). Michigan's only touchdown came late in the third quarter on a pass from John Wangler to Anthony Carter. Butch Woolfolk rushed for 142 yards. Placekicker Ali-Haji-Sheikh kicked a 43-yard field goal in the first half, though he missed a 38-yarder. However, the game was close due to Michigan mistakes, including three interceptions, two missed field goals, and an extra-point kick that hit the left upright and bounced back on the field. The errors led coach Schembechler to say, "It may not be the prettiest win and its wasn't the most explosive offensive show you've ever seen, but we won it." Ohio State had a chance to win late in the fourth quarter, as Schlichter completed a 28-yard pass to the Michigan 32-yard line with less than a minute to play. On the ensuing drive, Schlichter was penalized for intentional grounding and was sacked on the next play with 13 seconds left on the clock. The Michigan defense held Schlichter to 8-of-25 passing and extended its streak of not having allowed a touchdown to 18 quarters and 274 minutes.
After the game, coach Schembechler paid tribute to his Big Ten championship team: "This was a great group in terms of never giving up. I enjoy this championship more than any of the previous ones because of the way we came back."
1981 Rose Bowl.
As the Big Ten Conference champion, Michigan advanced to the 1981 Rose Bowl game in which it defeated the Pac-10 Conference champion Washington Huskies by a score of 23–6. Coach Bo Schembechler, who had gone winless in seven prior bowl games (five Rose Bowls, an Orange Bowl, and a Gator Bowl), was the focus of much of the pre-game press coverage. Michigan center George Lilja noted before the game, "We want to win for our coach as much as for ourselves." Michigan scored on a six-yard touchdown run by Butch Woolfolk to take a 7-6 lead at halftime. Michigan drove the ball 83 yards to start the second half, scoring on a 25-yard field goal by Ali Haji-Sheikh. In the third quarter, Wangler completed a seven-yard touchdown pass to Anthony Carter, and added another touchdown in the fourth quarter on a one-yard run by Stan Edwards. After the game, Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory. In the post-game press conference, Schembechler said, "I stood here five times before a loser. Now I'm smoking a cigar and smiling. ... Right now, I'm on top of the world. I feel great about everything."
Michigan finished the season ranked No. 4 in both the AP and UPI polls.
Players.
Professional football.
Twenty-five (25) members of the 1980 Michigan football team went on to play professional football. They are: Kurt Becker (Chicago Bears, 1982-88, 1990, Los Angeles Rams, 1989), Marion Body (Michigan Panthers, 1983), Keith Bostic (Houston Oilers, 1983-88), Cleveland Browns, 1990), Don Bracken (Green Bay Packers, 1985-90, Los Angeles Rams, 1992-93), Andy Cannavino (Michigan Panthers, 1983, Chicago Blitz, 1984), Brian Carpenter (New York Giants, 1982, Washington Redskins, 1983-84, Buffalo Bills, 1984), Anthony Carter (Michigan Panthers, 1983-84, Oakland Invaders, 1985, Minnesota Vikings, 1985-93, Detroit Lions, 1994-95), Milt Carthens (Indianapolis Colts, 1987), Evan Cooper (Philadelphia Eagles, 1984-87, Atlanta Falcons, 1988-89), Jerry Diorio (Detroit Lions, 1987), Tom Dixon (Michigan Panthers, 1984), Craig Dunaway (Pittsburgh Steelers, 1983), Stanley Edwards (Houston Oilers, 1982-86, Detroit Lions, 1987), Paul Girgash (Michigan Panthers, 1984), Ali Haji-Sheikh (New York Giants, 1983-85, Atlanta Falcons, 1986, Washington Redskins, 1987), Stefan Humphries (Chicago Bears, 1984-86, Denver Broncos, 1987-88), George Lilja (Los Angeles Rams, 1982, New York Jets, 1983-84, Cleveland Browns, 1984-86, Dallas Cowboys, 1987), Ed Muransky (Los Angeles Raiders, 1982-84, Orlando Renegades, 1985), Mel Owens (Los Angeles Rams, 1981-89), Bubba Paris (San Francisco 49ers, 1983-90, Indianapolis Colts, 1991, Detroit Lions 1991), Lawrence Ricks (Kansas City Chiefs, 1983-84), Carlton Rose (Washington Redskins, 1987), Rich Strenger (Detroit Lions, 1983-87), Robert Thompson (Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 1983-84, Detroit Lions, 1987), and Butch Woolfolk (New York Giants, 1982-84, Houston Oilers, 1985-86, Detroit Lions, 1987-88).
Coaching staff.
Michigan's assistant coaches in 1980 included six individuals who went on to success as head coaches -- Les Miles (who won the 2007 National Championship with LSU), Lloyd Carr (who won the 1997 National Championship with Michigan), Bill McCartney (who led Colorado to a national title in 1990), Ron Vanderlinden (head coach at Maryland for four years), Gary Moeller (who led Michigan to three Big Ten championships and a No. 5 ranking in 1992), and Paul Schudel (head coach at Ball State from 1985–1994). The coaching staff also included Tirrel Burton, Tim Davis, Jerry Hanlon, Jerry Meter, Bob Thornbladh, Milan Vooletich.

</doc>
<doc id="20697325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697325" title="Baía das Pontas">
Baía das Pontas

Baía das Pontas is a bay in the Ilhéus das Cabras of Feteira in Angra do Heroísmo, Azores, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20697332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697332" title="Galway &amp; District League Third Division">
Galway &amp; District League Third Division

The Galway & District League Third Division is the fourth tier of the Galway & District League football competition [http://galwayfa.net/].
For sponsorship reasons the competition is known as the Western Hygiene Supplies Third Division.
Promotion and relegation.
The first and second placed team in the competition gain promotion into the Galway & District League Second Division.
The teams placed 9th and 10th are relegated to either the Galway & District League Division 4A or the Galway & District League Division 4B.

</doc>
<doc id="20697338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697338" title="Baía do Refugo">
Baía do Refugo

The Baía do Refugo (literally, Bay of Scrap in Portuguese) is a body of water located on the south coast of the island of Terceira in the Azores, adjacent to the parish of Porto Judeu in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo.
Baía do Refugo is also the name of the bathing beach that faces that body of water. The beach was formed through the erosion of volcanically-produced lava that originated in the eruption of the Guilherme Moniz volcano in 1761. The lava flowed to the sea by way of the hamlet of Serretinha in the parish of Feteira, to Porto Judeu. The path of the lava can still be traced: an area of scorched land characterized by black blocks of basalt mixed with large amounts of slag. When the lava flow neared the sea, it spread out and entered the salt water at several sites, among them the Baía do Refugo. Prior to the lava flow, the area was a small semi-sheltered cove where fishing boats would tie up. Today, the area is classified by the Government of the Azores as a Class 1 bathing beach (according to the definition spelled out in Regional Decree 1/2005/A of 15 February 2005); it has a fresh-water swimming pool and a well-equipped playground.
On 28 August 1893, a hurricane, at the time the largest storm in human memory, caused tremendous tidal surges together with punishing winds that ruined homes, churches, and barns. Ports were also battered, and a large number of vessels were lost. The damage caused by this hurricane is still visible near some sections of the coast, particularly in the former, and now abandoned, Old Church of St. Matthew of Calheta ("Igreja Velha de São Mateus da Calheta") and other ruins near the Baía do Refugo.

</doc>
<doc id="20697351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697351" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1903–1909">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1903–1909

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1903 and 1909. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20697364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697364" title="Bezzerwizzer">
Bezzerwizzer

Bezzerwizzer is a trivia game combining trivia and tactics. The game was invented in 2006 by the Dane Jesper Bülow. The name "Bezzerwizzer" comes from the originally German term "Besserwisser", meaning "know-it-all".
Mattel has released versions for the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and the United States
In Denmark there are three different editions of Bezzerwizzer, developed by the Danish company Bezzerwizzer ApS. Until now Bezzerwizzer ApS has sold more than 100,000 Bezzerwizzer games in Denmark. Bezzerwizzer ApS has also launched the game in Finland, Norway and Sweden.
Gameplay.
Question types.
Bezzerwizzer combines trivia with tactics, and it can be played in teams or individually. The questions are divided into 20 different categories, each built upon different topics (in alphabetical order):
Setup.
Players are split up into teams, most of the time playing separately. Each team selects a playing piece and takes two Bezzerwizzer tiles (denoted by the letter b) and one Zwap (denoted by the letter z) tile of the same color.
Each team then draws four category tiles (see picture above) at random from the bag, and places them on their tile board in order of preference. Each question has a point value determined by the number of dots above it. For example a team may pick the tiles Music, Film, Food and Politics. If they are confident at getting a question in one subject right they would put it on the fourth square on the board (scoring four points for a correct answer). There is no obvious varying difficulty between questions. Tiles cannot swap positions after being put down.
The team that plays first is chosen randomly by picking one playing piece from the bag - the owner of the playing piece goes first, though going first has no real advantage.
Play.
For every point scored a team moves forward one square.
Play goes in a clockwise direction from the team who plays first. The team will be asked their one point question first based on the topic they put on their board. The team answers the question and score the corresponding number of points if they answer correctly. An incorrect answer has no penalty.
During their team's turn a team may use their Zwap tile. This allows this team to swap any two tiles (once those questions haven't been asked in that round). They may swap two tiles between any two teams or swap the two tiles of the same team (including their own) to produce a different order. Teams may play one tile during a round.
After all questions have been asked once - this will be 16 questions if four teams are playing - the round ends. The game continues as normal after four category tiles are picked again.
Endgame.
The first team to reach the finish is the winner, provided that another team hasn't also reached the finish in the same round. If two or more teams finish in the same round then sudden death occurs. Each team takes one playing piece out of the bag and gets a single question on that. If that team is wrong they are out. Teams may only remain in sudden death if they get their question right or all teams in sudden death get their question wrong. The last team in, is declared the winner.
If a defending team is situated on the home stretch (within the last five squares of the board), another attacking team may force them to go backwards. This is done by playing a Bezzerwizzer tile, which may choose to move the defending team's piece backwards (the same number of points) instead of moving forwards themselves. Assuming that the attacking team gets the answer correct and the defending team gets the answer wrong.

</doc>
<doc id="20697366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697366" title="Bharat Bala">
Bharat Bala

Bharath Bala is an Indian film director, screenwriter and film producer based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Career.
Bharat Bala produced the acclaimed "Vande Mataram" video and "Jana Gana Mana Video" and heads BharatBala Productions based in Mumbai and Chennai. He directed the critically acclaimed "Hari Om" in 2004.
He was set to direct and produce Indo-Japanese film, co-produced by Disney, called the "The 19th Step", written by and starring Kamal Haasan, but the film was later shelved.
He directed the music video of official song of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, Jiyo Utho Bado Jeeto. He also directed the opening ceremony of the games.
In 2013, he completed his first feature film, "Maryan", starring Dhanush. The film went on to receive critical acclaim and was a commercial success.

</doc>
<doc id="20697367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697367" title="Furna de Água">
Furna de Água

Furna de Água is a cave in Angra do Heroísmo, on the island of Terceira in the Azores, Portugal. It was created about two thousand years ago from a lava tube of volcanic origin, and it is 560 metres long. Due to the presence of several springs within the cave, Furna de Água is one of the main sources of fresh water on the island. Although it has been known since 1838 (and perhaps earlier), Furna de Água has only been used as a public water supply since 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20697373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697373" title="Bayeux Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Bayeux Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

The Bayeux War Cemetery is the largest Second World War cemetery of Commonwealth soldiers in France, located in Bayeux, Normandy. The cemetery contains 4,648 burials, mostly of the Invasion of Normandy. Opposite this cemetery stands the Bayeux Memorial which commemorates more than 1,800 casualties of the Commonwealth forces who died in Normandy and have no known grave. 
The cemetery grounds were assigned to the United Kingdom in perpetuity by France in recognition of the sacrifices made by the British Empire in the defense and liberation of France during the war. In addition to the Commonwealth burials, there are 466 graves of German soldiers.
The cemetery contains the Cross of Sacrifice or War Cross, designed by Sir Reginald Blomfield for the Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC). 
Queen Elizabeth II and President of France Jacques Chirac attended ceremonies at the cemetery on June 6, 2004, marking the 60th anniversary of the D-Day invasion.
History.
The CWGC is responsible for marking and maintaining the graves of those members of the Commonwealth forces who died during the two world wars. Of the 18 Commonwealth cemeteries in Normandy containing 22,000 casualties of the invasion, Bayeux is largest.
Although there was not a particular battle fought in Bayeux itself, casualties were brought to this cemetery from around the region. This includes field hospitals and soldiers who died on Sword Beach.
Notable graves.
British Army Corporal Sidney Bates, a member of the 1st Battalion The Royal Norfolk Regiment, was awarded the Victoria Cross for his gallant actions on 6 August 1944 near Sourdeval.
Five members of one aircrew are buried together: Royal Air Force Flying Officer B.E. Bell (pilot); Flying Officer H.D. Clark (air gunner); Sergeant J. Holden (wireless operator/air gunner); Sergeant J.J. Reed (air gunner); and Royal Australian Air Force Flying Officer D. MacFadyen. They all died 10 June 1944.
The Bayeux Memorial.
The Bayeux Memorial was erected in white stone facing the cemetery. The Latin epitaph along the frieze of the memorial is reference to William the Conqueror and the Invasion of England in 1066. The translation reads: “We, once conquered by William, have now set free the Conqueror’s native land.”
On this memorial are engraved the names of the 1,808 men of the Commonwealth who died in the Battle of Normandy and who have no known grave.
The Bayeux Memorial in Normandy, France commemorates 194 Canadian servicemen and women.
Among the names are the 189 men of the 43rd Divisional Reconnaissance Regiment who were aboard the ill-fated "Derrycunihy". On the night of 23 July 1944, the ship was anchored off the coast of Ouistreham (Sword Beach), and the regiment was awaiting to disembark. At 0800 the ship’s engines detonated a submerged German mine, ripping the hull apart. This was the biggest British loss of life off the Normandy beaches. The 189 missing men’s names are engraved on the wall in Bayeux.
Location.
The cemetery is located in Bayeux, in the Calvados commune, on the Boulevard Fabian Ware (D.5). It is located 24 kilometres north-west of Caen and 13 kilometres south of Arromanches-les-Bains. The cemetery can be accessed any time, and tours of the cemetery are available through companies offering tours of historic Invasion of Normandy locations in the area. The cemetery is easy to find, and plenty of parking is available.
In culture.
The cemetery is the subject of a poem by Charles Causley, "At the British War Cemetery, Bayeux". He later stated that he had been inspired to write by his visit to the cemetery because it was the first war cemetery he had ever visited.

</doc>
<doc id="20697389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697389" title="Battistelli">
Battistelli

Battistelli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20697398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697398" title="Merchant Marine Vietnam Service Medal">
Merchant Marine Vietnam Service Medal

The Merchant Marine Vietnam Service Medal (Ribbon) is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine authorized on May 20, 1968.
Conditions.
The decoration is awarded to officers and men for service aboard merchant vessels flying the American flag in Vietnam waters between July 4, 1965 and August 15, 1973.
Design.
Prior to 1992, the Merchant Marine Vietnam Service Medal was a ribbon-only decoration. Afterwards, a medal was affixed to the ribbon. As follows is a design note: "the dragon is traditionally associated with Vietnam, the shoreline denotes service in the coastal waters adjacent to Vietnam, and the anchor symbolizes maritime service."

</doc>
<doc id="20697401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697401" title="Timor Plate">
Timor Plate

The Timor Plate is a microplate in southeast Asia carrying the island of Timor and surrounding islands. The Australian Plate is subducting under the southern edge of the plate, while a small divergent boundary is located on the eastern edge. Another convergent boundary exists with the Banda Sea Plate to the north, and to the west is a transform boundary.

</doc>
<doc id="20697455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697455" title="Jonathan Coleman">
Jonathan Coleman

Jonathan Coleman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20697466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697466" title="Galerias da Feteira">
Galerias da Feteira


</doc>
<doc id="20697482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697482" title="Shawn Barton">
Shawn Barton

Shawn Edward Barton (born May 14, 1963) is an American professional baseball scout and a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who appeared in 73 games pitched for the Seattle Mariners (1992) and San Francisco Giants (1995–1996). Born in Los Angeles, California, he threw left-handed, batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Barton attended the University of Nevada, Reno, and was selected by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 21st round of the 1984 Major League Baseball Draft. He later passed into the organizations of the New York Mets and Atlanta Braves before signing with the Mariners as a free agent. He made his MLB debut with them, at age 29, in August 1992 and worked in 14 games and 12 innings pitched during the course of the season, allowed ten hits and seven bases on balls, and compiled an earned run average of 2.92, with do decisions and no saves. However, he spent all of 1993 with the Mariners' Triple-A affiliate, the Calgary Cannons, and was released at the end of the campaign.
Signed by the Giants, he spent all of 1994 and the early weeks of with the Triple-A Phoenix Firebirds before his recall in May. Used largely in short relief and as a situational lefty, he worked in 51 games for the Giants over the remainder of the season, winning four of five decisions and notching one save. In 44 innings, he gave up 37 hits and 19 bases on balls. However, his earned run average rose to 4.26.
In , he began the season with the Giants and was effective in his first three outings. However, his ineffectiveness in his next four appearances resulted in his demotion to Phoenix, where he spent the rest of his final active season.
Altogether, as a Major Leaguer, he gave up 66 hits and 27 walks in 65 innings, with 29 strikeouts.
Barton remained in the game, however, as a minor league pitching coach in the Giants' and Los Angeles Dodgers' farm systems, and an area scout for the Arizona Diamondbacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20697483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697483" title="The Charter School">
The Charter School

The Charter School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status in Dulwich, within the London Borough of Southwark, south London, England. It opened in September 2000 and occupies a site on Red Post Hill next to North Dulwich railway station and nearby Herne Hill.
The site was formerly inhabited by Dulwich High School for Boys and before that William Penn Secondary School. The old buildings underwent major renovation before opening, modernising them to construct a school for the new millennium. Additions, notably the sports hall and ball courts were also made.
The Charter School was born out of a need of the local community for the government to provide a good state secondary school in the Dulwich area, due in part to the high concentration of private schools in the area (James Allen's Girls' School, or JAGS; Alleyns; and Dulwich College).
The school was then opened in September 2000 by the first headteacher of the school, Pam Bowmaker OBE, who welcomed the first 180 students to join the school in Year 7.
She retired as a headteacher in July 2005 when the school had received its first set of GCSE results, and was succeeded by Chris Bowler in September 2007 (who then led the school to an Outstanding grading in its 2007 Ofsted inspection), before being replaced by former Deputy Headteacher, David Sheppard in September 2008. It has received its second Outstanding Ofsted award in 2009.
The school specialises in IT and sport. A new football pitch is being built on the former sports hall site next to the new building.
The school have their own
football team,
cheerleading squad,
tennis team, and
basketball team. The school has just over 1000 pupils on its roll. 

</doc>
<doc id="20697487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697487" title="Natal Caves">
Natal Caves


</doc>
<doc id="20697491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697491" title="Greeks in Moldova">
Greeks in Moldova

There is a historical Greek community in Moldova of about 3,000 members. Thirty Greek companies are active in Moldova. Total invested Greek capital amounts to $5.3 million (October 2003). Recently the headquarters of the Greek revolutionary organization Filiki Etaireia were discovered in Moldova. 
History.
The Greek presence in what is now Moldova dates back as far as the "apoikiai" (colonies) and "emporia" (trade stations) founded in and around Dobruja ("see Colonies in antiquity and Pontic Greeks"), beginning in the 7th century BC. Starting with the Milesian colony at Istros, the process reached its height after Tomis was founded in the 5th century BC. Although forever subject to the Dacian interference and easily disrupted by changes in the politics of neighbour tribal chieftains, the colonies prospered until being briefly submitted in various forms by King Burebista (late 1st century BC). Immediately after, and for the following centuries, they were stripped of their privileges by their new Roman masters, and followed the Empire into its crises. 

</doc>
<doc id="20697495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697495" title="Alexandra Barré">
Alexandra Barré

Alexandra Barré (born January 29, 1958 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-born Canadian sprint kayaker who competed in the mid-1980s to the early 2000s. She won two medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles with a silver in the K-2 500 m event and a bronze in the K-4 500 m event.
Barré's husband Denis, competed as a canoer for Canada in two Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of eighth in the K-2 1000 m event at Montreal in 1976. Their daughter, Mylanie, has also competed in two Summer Olympics of her own, earning her best finish of seventh in the K-2 500 m event at Athens in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20697507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697507" title="Dunford–Schwartz theorem">
Dunford–Schwartz theorem

In mathematics, particularly functional analysis, the Dunford–Schwartz theorem, named after Nelson Dunford and Jacob T. Schwartz states that the averages of powers of certain norm-bounded operators on "L"1 converge in a suitable sense.
Theorem. Let formula_1 be a linear operator from formula_2 to formula_2 with formula_4 and formula_5. Then
exists almost everywhere for all formula_7.
The statement is no longer true when the boundedness condition is relaxed to even formula_8.

</doc>
<doc id="20697523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697523" title="Lenny Kravitz discography">
Lenny Kravitz discography

This article features the discography of the American rock, funk, R&B, soul, blues-rock and pop singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, composer, record producer and arranger Lenny Kravitz, which includes nine studio albums, one greatest hits compilation album, four box set compilation albums, two extended plays, forty-nine singles and eight video albums, including one single, three of which are live. For video releases, see "Lenny Kravitz videography".
Summary.
All of Kravitz's albums have received certifications of gold or higher in the U.S., three of which have been declared multi-platinum. As of present, Kravitz has earned three gold albums, two platinum albums, two double platinum albums, and one triple platinum album. Kravitz's début album "Let Love Rule" (1989) peaked at #61 in the U.S., and while receiving generally positive reviews, it became a huge success in Europe but took a long time to reach success in the U.S. Its followers, "Mama Said" (1991) and "Are You Gonna Go My Way" (1993) became instant hits, being considered some of the finest recordings of the decade and achieving platinum and multi-platinum status respectively, establishing Kravitz in the music industry and expanding his success in Europe and South America. However, despite only a two-year gap between albums, personal issues such as substance abuse problems, the aftermath of divorce and his mother Roxie Roker's illness lead to a decline in commercial sales with "Circus" (1995), in comparison to his preceding success, remaining his least successful album to date. With "5" (1998), Kravitz embraced a fresh outlook towards his career and also experimented with electronic equipment such as pro-tools. Initially, the album received only mediocre reviews and it took a slow and steady process for it to achieve worldwide success after spinning off hits such as "I Belong to You" and "Fly Away" to ultimately become Kravitz's most successful studio album to date. It would be the album to establish his career at a higher level, with increasing worldwide popularity, especially in Europe, and would win him his first two Grammy Awards. "Greatest Hits" (2000) would prove to become Kravitz's most successful album to date, going on to sell over 10.5 million copies worldwide, earning him yet another Grammy. While "Lenny" (2001) would prove to be a very fast seller, although not quite comparing to "5" or "Greatest Hits", it managed to win Kravitz his fourth consecutive Grammy. However, "Baptism" would prove to be somewhat of a commercial disappointment for the multi-platinum selling artist when compared to its predecessors. Most recently, his 2008 release "It Is Time for a Love Revolution" had Kravitz realising some of the best début positions and opening sales weeks worldwide in years, along with his best critical reviews since "Lenny".
According to recent sales numbers, a number of his albums ("Let Love Rule", "Mama Said", "5" and "Greatest Hits") have been confirmed to have achieved a sales status high enough to be certified at the next level within the sales threshold, but RIAA still has them certified at the sales level they are currently at, with no official word on whether/when the certifications may occur. (citation required) In addition to writing and producing all of his own work, Kravitz has produced albums for other artists, some reaching great success.(particulars and citation required) He personally has scored three Top 10 albums in the U.S., while having reached number one in both the UK and Australia. Kravitz has scored hits in virtually every continent: North America (USA and Canada), Central America (Bahamas), Europe (United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain and Scandinavia), South America (Brazil, Argentina and Colombia), Asia (Japan), Oceania (Australia and New Zealand), and Africa (Republic of South Africa).(citation required) Considered one of the most successful and best-selling rock artists of his time, Kravitz has had sales of approximately 40 million albums alone worldwide (not including singles and video releases).(citation required)
Other appearances.
Other notable works in Kravitz's repertoire are numerous charity albums and collaborations with artists of a wide range of genres. In 1990, he co-wrote and co-produced Madonna's "Justify My Love" single where he also appeared as background vocalist. He has participated in numerous soundtracks such as "Reality Bites" (1994), ' (1999), and "Bad Boys II" (2003). He contributed tracks to ' and '. The 2004 album "The Unplugged Collection, Volume One" features a live version of "Are You Gonna Go My Way". In 2008, he wrote "Change", for the ' compilation album. Two of Kravitz's songs are featured separately on two different albums of the Big Shiny Tunes compilation series (Fly Away on Big Shiny Tunes 3 and American Woman on Big Shiny Tunes 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20697533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697533" title="Black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey">
Black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey

The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey ("Saimiri oerstedii oerstedii") is a subspecies of the Central American squirrel monkey. Its range is restricted to the Pacific coast of western Panama to the western portion of the Chiriquí Province and of southern Costa Rica, south of the Rio Grande de Terraba, including the Osa Peninsula. It is the subspecies of Central American squirrel monkey seen in Corcovado National Park in Costa Rica. Its type locality is David, Panama, but its range apparently no longer extends that far east.
The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is orange or reddish-orange in color, with a black cap. It differs from the grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey, which replaces it in central Costa Rica, in that the limbs and underparts of the black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey are more yellowish. Some authorities also consider the cap on the black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey to be more black than that of the grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey ("C. o. citrinellus"), but other authorities regard this as a feature that varies by age rather than by subspecies.
Adults reach a length of between , excluding tail, and a weight between . The tail is longer than the body, and between in length. Males have an average body weight of and females have an average body weight of .
The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is arboreal and diurnal. It lives in groups containing several adult males, several adult females and juveniles. It is omnivorous, with a diet that includes insects and insect larvae (especially grasshoppers and caterpillars), spiders, fruit, leaves, bark, flowers and nectar. It also eats small vertebrates, including bats, birds, lizards and frogs. It finds its food foraging through the lower and middle levels of the forest, typically between fifteen and thirty feet high.
The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is one of the few squirrel monkey taxa that has been the subject of a long term study. Primatologist Sue Boinski has made several long term studies of the subspecies.
The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey was assessed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) as Endangered. This was consistent with prior assessments. It is listed as endangered to a small and fragmented range amounting to only about , and continuing habitat loss. A reforestation project within Panama tries to preserve the vanishing population of the Chiriquí Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20697535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697535" title="Chaminda Darman">
Chaminda Darman

Chaminda Darman (born December 1, 1978) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler who played for Sri Lanka Navy. He was born in Avissawella.
Darman made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 2000-01 season, against Nondescripts. From the tailend, he scored 3 runs in the first innings of the match, and 12 in the second innings. Sri Lanka Navy lost the match by an innings margin.
Darman bowled six overs in the match, conceding 43 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20697544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697544" title="List of Big 12 Championship Game broadcasters">
List of Big 12 Championship Game broadcasters

The following is a list of the television networks and announcers who have broadcast the college football's Big 12 Championship Game throughout the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20697563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697563" title="Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center">
Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center

The Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center is a Veterans Administration hospital in Augusta, Georgia (United States). The center has two campuses: the Downtown Division and the Uptown Division. The Downtown Division is a seven-story complex in Augusta's Medical District. Emergency Room services are located at the Downtown Division. The Downtown Division, located at 950 15th Street, Augusta, GA, a 325-foot skywalk crosses Harper Street and connects the medical center to the Medical College of Georgia's medical center.
The Uptown Division, 1 Freedom Way, Augusta, GA, is located in a residential/mixed-use area on Wrightsboro Road.
The center was renamed in honor of the late Charlie Norwood (1941–2007), a former dentist and U.S. congressman from Georgia who died in office.

</doc>
<doc id="20697567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697567" title="Jurgis Jurgelis">
Jurgis Jurgelis

Jurgis Jurgelis (b. 9 August 1942 in Šiauliai, Lithuania) is a mathematics teacher, politician, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="20697574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697574" title="Mr. Attic">
Mr. Attic

Roger Perryman, better known as Mr. Attic, is a Canadian hip-hop producer from Toronto, Ontario. He is a member of Juno Award-winning production team, Da Grassroots.
Career.
Mr. Attic began his career in 1989, as a member of Da Grassroots. Throughout the 1990s, the group produced for many underground artists in Toronto's hip hop scene, most notably Ghetto Concept. The group released their debut album "Passage Through Time" in 1999. After the underground success of their album, each member began working on various solo projects. Mr. Attic co-founded Choice Cut Records in 2000. When producing music, he uses an Ensoniq EPS-16+ sampler.
Discography.
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2010

</doc>
<doc id="20697583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697583" title="A Monkey's Tale">
A Monkey's Tale

"A Monkey's Tale" (; literally "The Castle of Monkeys") is a feature-length French animated film directed by Jean-François Laguionie. It was released in 1999, and won the Award for Best Animated Feature Film at the 5th Kecskemét Animation Film Festival. It has never been released on American video or DVD, although it has been available in the UK.
Plot.
Kom is a member of the Woonkos, a tribe of monkeys who live in a canopy and they live in obsessive fear of falling into a nearby pit, which is inhabited by other monkeys they believe to be demons. Kom refuses to believe these superstitions and claims bravery and is rude to the elder of the Woonkos. However, on the way home, he accidentally falls from the trees into the land below. When there, he meets the Lankoo tribe and finds they are in fact very similar to his own tribe. He befriends Gina, a young maid and Master Martin, the librarian and they help teach him to behave like a Lankoo. The Lankoo king is impressed by his actions, although Gina doesn't like it when he tries too hard for popularity, ad briefly forgets her. However, there is also evil afoot. The chancellor Sebastian, the governess and their dim-witted side-kick, Gerard the Gormless, are up to evil plans: they will find a way for the King to die and they are poisoning his already sick daughter, Princess Ida. The King, along with most of his army, die drowning while attempting to reach the "promised land" on the other side of the poisonous lake when it was frozen. Sebastian believes his plan has worked, but the governess (who was giving the princess the poison) is given it herself by Gina and the one remaining soldier, however it is believed she is tough enough not to die, but will remain a "sleeping ugly". The film ends with Sebastian and Gerard in cages, Princess Ida as the new queen and Kom and Gina returning to the land of the Woonkos, while it is clear that the two tribes will unite. It features the song "We Are One" by Westlife.

</doc>
<doc id="20697591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697591" title="Denis Barré">
Denis Barré

Denis Barré (born February 4, 1948 in Lachine, Québec) is a Canadian sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of eighth in the K-2 1000 m event at Montreal in 1976.
Barré's wife, Alexandra, won two canoeing medals of her won at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles with a silver in the K-2 500 m and a bronze in the K-4 500 m event. Their daughter, Mylanie, has competed in two Summer Olympics of her own, earning her best finish of seventh in the K-2 500 m event at Athens in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20697605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697605" title="De Steiger">
De Steiger

The surname de Steiger (or de Steiguer, von Steiger, von Steiguer) denotes a 
Bernese noble family of the Ancien Régime of Switzerland.
Origin.
The origin of the family dates back to Johannes Steiger (1523 - 1577), a tailor in Bern, Switzerland. They would become known as the "black" Steigers, not to be confused with the "white" Steigers, because their coat of arms depicted a black ibex. Because of French influence in the Bernese patriciate, the name is also spelled de Steiguer. The predicate "von"
is used in the German presentation of the family name.
Swiss Government.
Johannes's sons would serve on the Bernese councils, paving the way for future generations to serve in the government. By 1796, they held 22 seats on various councils throughout Bern. Over time they contributed three avoyers, five treasurers, and three bannerets to Bern, and numerous bailiffs, counselors, and officers.
A notable "black" de Steiger was Niklaus Friedrich von Steiger, the Schultheiss of Bern,and leader of the Bernese senate during French invasion in 1798. Another was Sigmund Emanuel Von Steiger (1666-1725), member of the Great Council of Bern, and married to Countess Dorothia von Graffenried.
Swiss Nobility.
In 1714, King Frederick William I of Prussia gave the hereditary title of Baron and a coat of arms to the "black" de Steigers, including Christoph, eight de Steiger males, and their descendants. They would have baronies in Montricher and Monnaz, in Vaud, and numerous estates in Bern. Their coat of arms still appears today on the walls of the Château de Chillon. Niklaus is buried in a cathedral in Bern.
References.
Historisch-Biographisches Lexikon der Schweiz, Volume VI. Neuenburg. 1921-1934.
"Steiger Family Patent of Nobility." Frederick William I of Prussia.
Almanach Geologique Suisse, Volume II.
Ruvigny, Melville H. "The Nobilities of Europe". Adamant Media Corporation. 2000. ISBN 1-4021-8561-8, ISBN 978-1-4021-8561-8
Hintze, Rhett. Family History of de Steiguer (Steiger) Family: From Johann Rudolf back 500 years. Unknown. 14 dec 2008
Hintze, Rhett. de Steiger Pictures. Unknown. 14 dec 2008
Schemmel, B. "Cantons A-F: Switzerland." 1995-1998. dec 14 2008. 
Schemmel, B. "Index of Rulers: St-Sz" 1995-1998. dec 14 2008.
"The history of the invasion of Switzerland by the French, and the destruction of the democratical republics of Schwitz, Uri and Unterwalden." University of Toronto. Unknown. 14 dec 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20697608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697608" title="Tongareva triple junction">
Tongareva triple junction

The Tongareva triple junction, also called the Pacific-Farallon-Phoenix triple junction, was a geologic triple junction in the southwestern Pacific Basin where three tectonic plates met: the Pacific Plate, the Farallon Plate, and the Phoenix Plate. It existed throughout the mid-Cretaceous period and consisted of three mid-ocean ridges. A volcanic episode from 125 to 120 million years ago created an oceanic plateau east of Samoa called the Manihiki Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="20697614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697614" title="Watermill of Agualva">
Watermill of Agualva

The Watermill of Agualva () is a watermill located in the civil parish of Vila Nova, in the municipality of Praia da Vitoria, island of Terceira, in the Portuguese Azores. It is part of the inventory of historical and religious buildings registered as an "Inventário do Património Imóvel dos Açores" () dating back to the eighteenth century.
Architecture.
Its designation as a buildings of "historical significance" includes two structures: a watermill/home, and an ancillary building, at one time used as a barn, located along the right margin of the Ribeira da Agualva and roadway. The watermill/house is a two-story structure, with only the residential floor visible from street-level, with an outdoor oven (constructed in a semi-circular shape) and rectangular chimney (on the left-side of the building). This simple structure was built from local volcanic rock and stone from other ruins, and painted lime white. The spans are composed of curved wicker, and the windows are guillotine-style single-pain double-hung sash. The roof is covered in traditional Azorean half-cane roof tiles with a simple awning. One of the exterior walls shows signs of the watermill's function, and site of the waterwheel.
To the left of the main house/watermill is a simple rectangular building of one floor, used as barn (now garage or storage) of the same material as the main house (no windows, but with the same rock/stone construction and roof tile). At one time it is likely that this building was used to house domesticated animals or storage of hay.
While the building is in reasonable condition, its use as a mill and associated mechanisms have been removed. Still remains an iconic example of this type of structure, common in the Azores until the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20697615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697615" title="Gary V. Nelson">
Gary V. Nelson

Gary Vincent Nelson (born 1953) is an urban missiologist and President and CEO of Tyndale University College and Seminary in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Prior to 2010 Nelson served as General Secretary of the Canadian Baptist Ministries. Since 2004 Nelson has been one of the Vice-Presidents of the Baptist World Alliance, of which his denomination is a member-body.
History.
Nelson was born in Canada. He earned a degree in Education (B.Ed.) from the University of British Columbia in 1976.
He chose to pursue a calling to pastoral ministry and completed a Master of Divinity degree at Fuller Theological Seminary, Pasadena, California in 1980. After graduation Nelson began work as a pastor in Canada, including First Baptist, Edmonton, Alberta.
In 1984, Nelson returned to Fuller Theological Seminary and enrolled in the Doctor of Ministry program. The doctoral dissertation submitted to the Seminary in 1987 was entitled "The pre-conditions necessary for evangelism in the urban context: a study on Toronto Baptist Churches."
Contribution.
Leadership.
On February 2, 2010 it was announced that Nelson had been appointed as the President and CEO of Tyndale University College and Seminary, Toronto, effective July 1, 2010.
Nelson was the Speaker for the installation ceremony of the new President of the Acadia Divinity College, Wolfville on May 10, 2008. Earlier in 2008, he delivered the Graduation Address at Andhra Christian Theological College, Hyderabad in which his Church Society is a participating member
Educator.
Nelson has lectured and taught courses at seminaries throughout Canada for more than two decades. He taught Church Ministry at the Edmonton Baptist Seminary, Edmonton and was also on the Doctoral Committee of St. Stephen's College, Edmonton. He oversaw programs at Carey Theological College, Vancouver.
Prior to his appointment as President of Tyndale University College and Seminary, Nelson had been a sessional lecturer and adjunct professor at Tyndale.

</doc>
<doc id="20697637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697637" title="S. Senadeera">
S. Senadeera

S. Senadeera (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Sri Lanka Navy.
Senadeera made a single first-class appearance for the side, scoring just a single run in the two innings in which he batted. He bowled 22 overs during the match, taking figures of 0-35 in the first innings, and 3-14 in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20697639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697639" title="Landulph">
Landulph

Landulph () is a hamlet and a rural civil parish in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is about 3 miles (5 km) north of Saltash in the St Germans Registration District.
The parish lies on the River Tamar (which forms the county boundary between Cornwall and Devon) and the river surrounds Landulph to the north, east and south. Across the river are the Devon parishes of Bere Ferrers and Tamerton Foliot. To the south-east of Landulph is the parish of Botusfleming and to the west the parish of Pillaton. The population in the 2001 census was 485.
Settlements in the parish include the hamlet of Landulph and the bigger village of Cargreen which is on the bank of the River Tamar. The parish church of St Leonard & St Dilpe is in Landulph hamlet at . Features of interest in the church include the panelling of the Lower family pew (ca. 1600), some unusual bench ends, a memorial inscription on brass for Theodore Palaeologus (d. 1636), a descendant of the Byzantine Emperors, and a fine tomb of Nicholas Lower, d. 1655. Another brass is a memorial to Elizabeth Lower, 1638.
Francis Jago Arundell.
Francis Vyvyan Jago was born at Launceston, in July 1780, being the only son of Thomas Jago. (He afterwards adopted the additional surname of "Arundell".) From youth to old age Jago was imbued with a love of antiquarian study, and after his institution in 1805 to the rectory of Landulph he threw himself with avidity into the history of Cornwall. In the church of Landulph is a brass to the memory of Theodoro Palæologus, descended from the last of the Christian emperors of Greece, who died on 21 January 1637, and an account of this inscription, and of the person whom it commemorated, was printed by Jago in the volume of the "Archæologia" for 1817, and reprinted in Davies Gilbert's "Cornwall" (iii, 365). This paper was afterwards amplified into "Some Notice of the Church of Landulph," which was published in 1840, and a reprint of which, with additions by Joseph Polsue of Bodmin, was announced some years ago (i.e. before 1885).

</doc>
<doc id="20697654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697654" title="Gary Nelson">
Gary Nelson

Gary Nelson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20697670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697670" title="Galway &amp; District League Division 4A">
Galway &amp; District League Division 4A

The Galway & District League Division 4 is the fifth tier of the Galway & District League football competition [http://galwayfa.net/].
For sponsorship reasons the competition is known as the MJ Crowe Auctioneers Division 4.
The majority of the teams in this division are feeder teams of their club's senior team.
Promotion and relegation.
The winner of the competition gain promotion into the Galway & District League Third Division.
No team can be relegated as this is the final tier. Another division exists within the Galway & District League, the Reserve League. In theory it is the sixth and final tier, but it operates outside of the district league structure, as it only comprises reserve teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20697681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697681" title="(325325) 2008 JA14">
(325325) 2008 JA14

, also written as (325325) 2008 JA14, is a small Main Belt asteroid discovered in 2006. Its diameter is estimated at about .

</doc>
<doc id="20697684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697684" title="Aegean Sea Plate">
Aegean Sea Plate

The Aegean Sea Plate (also called the Hellenic Plate) is a small tectonic plate located in the eastern Mediterranean Sea under southern Greece and far western Turkey. Its southern edge is a subduction zone south of Crete, where the African Plate is being swept under the Aegean Sea Plate. To the north is the Eurasian Plate which is a divergent boundary responsible for the formation of the Gulf of Corinth.

</doc>
<doc id="20697695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697695" title="George Littlewood Hirst">
George Littlewood Hirst

George Littlewood Hirst (5 May 1890 – 30 July 1967) was a Welsh international rugby union player. He was educated at Emanuel School in London and played club rugby for Pontypool and Newport and invitational rugby for the Barbarians.
Rugby career.
Hirst made his debut for Wales on 3 February 1912 against Scotland. Under the captaincy of Dicky Owen, Wales won the game 21-6, with Hirst and fellow debutant Reggie Plummer scoring a try each. Hirst had difficulty holding his role in the Welsh team, and was replaced by Bryn Lewis and later Billy Geen. Hirst recovered his place the next year when he was again selected to face Scotland in the 1913 Five Nations Championship. Hirst was again on the winning team, but found himself dropped once more. In the 1914 Championship Hirst managed to hold down the role on the wing when he played in all four matches, losing only once, in the opening game against England. During the tournament, Hirst scored a further two tries and two drop goals.
Hirst's international career was cut short by the outbreak of World War I, but he returned to rugby when the war ended. He played in two matches for the Barbarians in 1919 before he sustained a broken leg in a charity game that ended his playing career.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20697701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697701" title="Castle of Moinhos">
Castle of Moinhos

The Castle of Moinhos, officially known as the Castle of São Cristóvão, or Castle/Fort of São Luís is the name of the ruins of 16th-century fortification in city of Angra, on the Portuguese island of Terceira in the archipelago of the Azores. It is primarily known as the "Castle of Moinhos", owing to the popular name given to the site for the number of mills that dotted the hilltop, on which the castle was erected.
History.
The first fort to be built in the archipelago, the Castle of São Luís was erected between the 1460 and 1470, by the founder of Angra, Álvaro Martins Homem. It was a fortification of modest proportions, established on a hilltop (the current "Alto da Memória") with a dominant position over the valley, river and harbour. Its design was in keeping with the late-medieval military design and constructed on a high platform, within the earth and away from the sea. Its elevation and slope resulted in an artificial ravine, whose waters were captured by Álvaro Martins (1461) to move his milling wheels along its course; the fortification became popularly known as the "Castle of Moinhos" or "Castle of Mills". Writing in between 1644 and 1711, Father Manuel Luís Maldonado wrote of the many waterways of Angra, noted several of the mills that dotted the path of the main ravine: the mills of Janela, Cova, Picão, Rego, Madeira, Calçada, Calçadinha, Fábrica, Muro, Duas Portas, São João de Deus and the Moinho Novo. Similarly, Gaspar Frutuoso mentioned these mills and waterways, noting that: "in the hillock that circles Angra, in one of the higher hilltops to the north, is a castle fort with munitions and artilhery, newly renovated and provessioned, which had earlier been weak, erected solely for the shelter and defense of its residencts."
Although Álvaro Martins expected to receive the royal donation of lands in Angra in 1474, the King substituted he donation with the title of to the Captaincy of Praia. The first Captain-major of the Captaincy of Angra, João Vaz Corte-Real found no reason to continue the defensive fortification. Unfortunately, years later, the island was attacked by Castilian sailors that initially landed in Angra and then marched on Praia. For this reason, in 1482, the Infanta Beatrice, who governed the islands on behalf of her son (the Captain-Major D. Diogo), sent a letter to Álvaro Martins, warning him that Castilian vessels continued to haunt the seas of the Azores. In order to reinforce coastal defenses, she sent Pedro Anes Rebelo (as provider of fortifications), to guide Martins in the defense of his village. After completing his task of building the Castle of São Luís (around 1493), Anes Rebelo wed a niece of João Vaz Corte-Real's spouse.
In 1495, the Alcaidaria-mor (similar to the Spanish alcalde) of the castle was given to the Captain-major of Angra, who lived there for a while. Later, it would become the residence of his trusted lieutenant, who was paid a stipend and obliged to take-up residence. Eventually the castle's Alcaidaria-mor was integrated into Captaincy of Angra, when it began to be known as the Castle of São Cristóvão (1582). It was during the reigns of King John III (1521–1557) and King Sebastian (1568–1578) that the first defensive plans were drawn-up by military engineer Tommaso Benedetto (in 1567). The Italian architect engineer concentrated on a global defense plan for the main islands of the Azores, concentrating the defenses at the ports and anchorages. Consequently, the old castle/fort served little use, and his successor, Ciprião de Figueiredo e Vasconcelos, doubled his efforts with fifty defensive works along the coast of the island. Its strategic role further degenerated, with many of its dependencies used to store gunpowder for Angra, transferred from the "Praça Velha" for security reasons. Father António Cordeiro (1641-1722), wrote of the castle's ruins in his "História Insulana", identifying that only the walls remained of the structure, which was also identified by Father Maldonando. The small medieval fort, therefore, was slowly substituted by the coastal defenses of the Fort of São Sebastião and Fort of Santo António, with the latter strategically located at the edge of Monte Brasil (and which created a crossfire zone with the first, to secure the bay).
In 1839, the lands were donated to the City of Angra in order to building a municipal promenade.
On 20 May 1844, work began to demolish the old walls, to construct a memorial in honour former-King Pedro IV of Portugal who was instrumental in the restoration of the Liberal regime of his daughter Queen Maria II, and whose regency was based in Terceira. The foundation-stone, which was believed to be the same rock that the former-monarch stepped-upon when he disembarked in Angra in 1832, was placed on the site on 3 March 1845. At the time of its inauguration (in 1856), the municipal council deliberated whether to name the newly built courtyard the "Praça D. Pedro IV", but popular sentiment opted for the name "Alto da Memória" ("Heights of Memory"). The monument was practically destroyed during the 1980 earthquake, and was reconstructed/re-inaugurated by the municipal council on 25 April 1985.
Architecture.
The Castle of Moinhos is situated on the hilltop plateau that separates the eastern portion of the civil parish of Sé from Nossa Senhora da Conceição. The Alto da Memória monument and former castle grounds can be reached from the Gardens of the Duke of Terceira (its primary entrance at "Rua do Marques") or directly from "Rua do Pisão", where the monument fronts the roadway.
Little remains of the "castle" features except the waist-high battlements, that served little more than lookout to the city of Angra. A double staircase connects the main platform from the path leading to the Gardens. Gardened and manicured, the spaces below the old castle are lined by endemic and flowering plants. Apart from the monument to D. Pedro IV, the only remnant to the fortifications use is an azulejo tile dedicated to the "Fort of São Luís" located in the staircase. Remnants of the ravine canalization and mills are evident in the roads that lead from the park grounds, including along the "Rua do Pisão", "Rua do Garoupinha" and "Rua de Santo Espírito".

</doc>
<doc id="20697721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697721" title="Registered Professional Planner">
Registered Professional Planner

Registered Professional Planner (RPP) is the term for a registered urban planner in some Canadian Provinces. These people are permitted to offer their professional services directly to the public.
The term may also be used in other jurisdictions.

</doc>
<doc id="20697742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697742" title="Manihiki Plateau">
Manihiki Plateau

The Manihiki Plateau is an oceanic plateau in the southwest Pacific Ocean. The Manihiki Plateau was formed by volcanic activity 125 to 120 million years ago during the mid-Cretaceous period at a triple junction plate boundary called the Tongareva triple junction.

</doc>
<doc id="20697772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697772" title="Gary Eave">
Gary Eave

Gary Louis Eave (born July 22, 1963 in Monroe, Louisiana) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves (-) and Seattle Mariners ().

</doc>
<doc id="20697774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697774" title="Constitution Square (Ottawa)">
Constitution Square (Ottawa)

Constitution Square is a three-tower office complex, located in downtown Ottawa, Ontario at 340, 350 and 360 Albert Street. It is home to a variety of businesses, organizations and embassies. The three towers are owned and operated by global real estate investor, developer and owner Oxford Properties Group. The 1,058,046 square foot complex, located in the heart of the capital city's downtown core, is close to Ottawa's Parliament Hill and key federal buildings, and is a neighbour to the city's prominent financial and high tech industries.
The first tower comprises 18 floors, and was completed in 1986, while tower two was completed in 1992 with 21 floors. In July 2005, it was announced that a third tower with 19 floors would be added to the complex, and tower three opened less than two years later, within the original budget.
The building fronts the OC Transpo Transitway, and has underground parking, a fitness center and 24-hour security.

</doc>
<doc id="20697787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697787" title="Grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey">
Grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey

The grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey ("Saimiri oerstedii citrinellus") is a subspecies of the Central American squirrel monkey. Its range is restricted to the Pacific coast of central Costa Rica. The northern end of its range is the Rio Tulin and the southern end of its range is the Rio Grande de Terraba. South of the Rio Grande de Terraba, it is replaced by the black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey, "S. oerstedii oerstedii". Populations are very fragmented, and the subspecies does not occur in all locations within its general range. It is the subspecies of Central American squirrel monkey seen in Manuel Antonio National Park in Costa Rica.
The grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is orange or reddish-orange in color, with a black cap. It differs from the black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey in that the limbs and underparts of the grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey are less yellowish. Some authorities also consider the cap on the grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey to be less black than that of the black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey, but other authorities regard this as a feature that varies by age rather than by subspecies.
Adults reach a length of between , excluding tail, and a weight between . The tail is longer than the body, and between in length. Males have an average body weight of and females have an average body weight of .
The grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is arboreal and diurnal. It lives in groups containing several adult males, several adult females and juveniles. It is omnivorous, with a diet that includes insects and insect larvae (especially grasshoppers and caterpillars), spiders, fruit, leaves, bark, flowers and nectar. It also eats small vertebrates, including bats, birds, lizards and frogs. It finds its food foraging through the lower and middle levels of the forest.
The grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey was assessed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) as Endangered. This was an improvement from prior assessments, in which the subspecies was assessed as "critically endangered". It is listed as endangered to a small and severely fragmented range amounting to only about , and continuing habitat loss. There are conservation efforts within Costa Rica to try to preserve this monkey from extinction.

</doc>
<doc id="20697791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697791" title="Galway &amp; District League Division 4B">
Galway &amp; District League Division 4B

The Galway & District League Division 4 along with Division 4 makes up the fifth tier of the Galway & District League football competition [http://galwayfa.net/].
For sponsorship reasons the competition is known as the MJ Crowe Auctioneers Division 4.
The majority of teams in this division are feeder teams of their club's senior team.
Promotion and relegation.
The winner of the competition gain promotion into the Galway & District League Fourth Division.
No team can be relegated as this is the final tier. Another division exists within the Galway & District League, the 
Reserve League. In theory it is the seventh and final tier, but it operates outside of the district league structure, as it only comprises reserve teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20697793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697793" title="Gebo, Wyoming">
Gebo, Wyoming

Gebo is a ghost town located in Hot Springs County in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is located about north of Thermopolis. The town was established as a coal town in 1907 alongside the nearby camps of Crosby and Kirby. It was named after Samuel Gebo who established the Owl Creek Coal Company and the first mine in the area after immigrating to America from Australia. Mining remained active until 1938. At its height, over 20000 people lived in the area, mostly miners and their families, making Gebo briefly the largest town in the county. The remains of the town were bulldozed in 1971, though some buildings and the cemetery remain.

</doc>
<doc id="20697796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697796" title="Fitzsimmons Creek">
Fitzsimmons Creek

Fitzsimmons Creek is a large creek in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada, having its origins at the Fitzsimmons Glacier in the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains. For half its length of approximately 10 kilometres, the creek courses a u-shaped glacial valley which separates two ski mountains of the Whistler Blackcomb resort, Blackcomb to the north and Whistler to the south.
Issuing onto the relative lowland of the Whistler Valley just adjacent to Whistler Village, the creek turns more northwest, flowing past the White Gold residential area and entering Green Lake just east of Mons. Fitzsimmons Creek is a very large and dynamic creek with a history of debris-laden flash floods in times of heavy weather, and is dyked with heavy rip-rap in its source through the area of the village.
Adjacent to the creek on the lowermost slopes of Blackcomb is the Whistler Sliding Centre, built for the 2010 Winter Olympics, which was co-hosted by Whistler and Vancouver. The creek's valley is be spanned by the Peak 2 Peak Gondola, the world's highest and longest inter-montagne gondola span.
Name.
The creek, and Fitzsimmons Glacier and Mount Fitzsimmons, are named for Bob Fitzsimmons, who operated a small mine near the head of the creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20697814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697814" title="Guru Amonkar">
Guru Amonkar

Guru Amonkar was an Indian cricketer who played for Goa.
Amonkar made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Kerala in the 1985-96 Ranji Trophy. He scored 7 runs in the first innings of the match, and 5 runs in the second, as Kerala won the match by a six-wicket margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20697832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697832" title="Ballet Chancers">
Ballet Chancers

Ballet Chancers is an Irish television programme broadcast on RTÉ One in late 2008. Featuring the ballerina, Monica Loughman, it began on 16 November 2008. In the show Loughman attempts to turn six streetwise hip hop dancers into elegant ballet dancers over a period of four months. At the end of the show they may, if successful, partake in a performance of "The Nutcracker" with Loughman's own company, The Irish Youth Russian Ballet Company which took place in the 21 December finale.
Chancers.
Six chancers participate in the show, three of each sex.
Episodes.
The first episode was broadcast on 16 November 2008.
Reaction.
The "Irish Independent" described "Ballet Chancers" as one of the best six television programmes of 2008, with only half of these being produced by RTÉ (the others were coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics and "Arts Lives", whilst the remaining three programmes were broadcast by the BBC).

</doc>
<doc id="20697848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697848" title="Altiplano Plate">
Altiplano Plate

The Altiplano Plate is a tectonic plate located in southern Peru, western Bolivia and far northern Chile. It consists mostly of the central Andes and the Altiplano of Peru and Bolivia. The western border is where the Nazca Plate subducts underneath this plate.

</doc>
<doc id="20697852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697852" title="Valentin Falin">
Valentin Falin

Valentin Mikhaylovich Falin () (born 3 April 1926) is a former Soviet diplomat and politician. Born in Leningrad he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1950. From 1951 to 1958 he worked at the USSR Foreign Ministry. From 1971 to 78 he was the Ambassador of the USSR to the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1978 he was appointed First Deputy Chief of the International Information Department of the Central Committee of the CPSU. From 1982 – 86 he was a political observer in the newspaper Izvestia. On March 10, 1986, Falin was elected by the Council of Sponsors of the Novosti Press Agency to the position of chairman of the APN board. In 1989-1991 he was the Chairman of International Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. It has been reported that in 1991 shortly after the August Coup investigators found $600,000 in his office.

</doc>
<doc id="20697856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697856" title="Arnie Fielkow">
Arnie Fielkow

Arnie Fielkow is a Democratic politician from New Orleans. In November 2006, he won a seat on New Orleans's City Council as a Member at Large, and served as City Council President. He was reelected in 2010. In fall 2011, he announced his resignation. [http://www.wwl.com/Fielkow-takes-high-paying-job--leaving-N-O--City-C/10698293]
Early career.
Arnie Fielkow received his Bachelor of Arts from Northwestern University and his Juris Doctor from the University of Wisconsin School of Law in 1981. Fielkow spent most of his career is sports administration. He served as Executive Vice President of the New Orleans Saints for six years during which he presided over all administrative/business departments, including marketing, sales, regional development, governmental affairs, community relations, business media relations and youth programs. Fielkow was fired by Saints owner Tom Benson when he refused to resign and sign a confidentiality agreement presumably because of Fielkow's outspoken concern for the residents of the Gulf Coast. Fielkow had been vocal in opposing the concept of having the Saints play in San Antonio. Fielkow won the gratitude of many in the Greater New Orleans area for his role in keeping the Saints in New Orleans, helping him in his political career.
Political career.
Following his firing, Fielkow was elected as one of New Orleans's two at-large council positions on May 20, 2006. Since then Fielkow has chaired a number of committees including both the city's Economic Development Committee and the Council’s Youth and Recreation Committee. He has also spearheaded the Fleur-de-lis Ambassadorship program and been a vocal supporter of public education including the growing number of charter schools.
In May 2009, as the New Orleans e-mail controversies reached a feverish pitch, Fielkow decided to publish up to 70 thousand of his e-mail messages online:
Fielkow is a staunch antagonist of New Orleans' use of crime cameras. On 2009 June 4 he said:
Fielkow considered running to succeed Ray Nagin as Mayor of New Orleans in the 2010 Mayoral election, but he chose to seek reelection instead. Fielkow was easily reelected to his position on the city council, with Mitch Landrieu ultimately winning the Mayor's race.
On 22 August 2011, Fielkow announced his resignation from the Council effective 1 October. He will be taking a more lucrative job as CEO of the National Basketball Association Retired Players Association. [http://www.wwl.com/Fielkow-takes-high-paying-job--leaving-N-O--City-C/10698293]
Election history.
Councilmember(s) at Large (2), 2006
Threshold > 25%
First Ballot, April 22, 2006
Second Ballot, May 20, 2006
Councilmember(s) at Large (2), 2010
Threshold > 25%
First Ballot, February 6, 2010 
External links.
New Orleans City Council Webpage [http://www.nocitycouncil.com/atlarge.asp]
Arnie Fielkow's City Council Webpage [http://www.fielkowcitycouncil.com]

</doc>
<doc id="20697857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697857" title="Lions Square">
Lions Square

Eleftheriou Venizelou Square () is a square in the city of Heraklion in Crete, named after the Cretan statesman Eleftherios Venizelos. It dates back to the Venetian era and is more commonly known as Lions Square () or Leonton Square (genitive), after the Venetian-era Morosini Fountain (popularly called "τα Λιοντάρια", "The Lions") in its midst, which features four lions supporting the main basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20697866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697866" title="Orle">
Orle

Orle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20697876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697876" title="Vasopressin receptor antagonist">
Vasopressin receptor antagonist

A vasopressin receptor antagonist (VRA) is an agent which interferes with action at the vasopressin receptors. Most commonly VRAs are used in the treatment of hyponatremia, especially in patients with congestive heart failure, liver cirrhosis or SIADH.
Types.
Tetracyclines.
Demeclocycline, a tetracycline antibiotic, is sometimes used to block the action of vasopressin in the kidney in hyponatremia due to inappropriately high secretion of vasopressin (SIADH), when fluid restriction has failed.
Vaptans.
A class of medication, the "vaptan" drugs, act by inhibiting the action of vasopressin on its receptors (V1A, V1B and V2). These receptors have a variety of functions, with the V1A and V2 receptors are expressed peripherally and involved in the modulation of blood pressure and kidney function respectively, while the V1A and V1B receptors are expressed in the central nervous system. V1A is expressed in many regions of the brain, and has been linked to a variety of social behaviors in humans and animals.
The vaptan class of drugs contains a number of compounds with varying selectivity, several of which are either already in clinical use or in clinical trials as of 2009.
Uses of Vasopressin receptor antagonists.
Hyponatremia.
V2R antagonists have become a mainstay of treatment for euvolemic (i.e., SIADH, postoperative hyponatremia) and hypervolemic hyponatremia (i.e., CHF and cirrhosis). V2RAs predictably cause aquaresis leading to increased [Na+] in majority of patients with hyponatremia due to SIADH, CHF, and cirrhosis. The optimum use of VRAs has not yet been determined, but some predictions can be made with reasonable certainty. For hyponatremia in hospitalized patients, who are unable to take medication orally or for those in whom a more rapid correction of hyponatremia is desired, conivaptan (V1/V2R antagonist) will likely be the preferred agent. Selective V2R antagonists such as tolvaptan, lixivaptan etc. will likely be useful in patients for whom oral therapy is suitable and for more chronic forms of hyponatremia.
Congestive heart failure.
Neurohormonal activation characteristic of CHF, including increased renin, angiotensin, aldosterone, and catecholamines, contributes to progression of CHF. It has been suggested that cardiovascular mortality may be reduced by selective V2RA such as tolvaptan in the higher risk group with kidney function impairment or severe congestive findings. But until FDA indication is granted for use in CHF with or without accompanying hyponatremia, VRAs are not recommended in patients with CHF.
Cirrhosis.
V2RA may be particularly beneficial in the treatment of patients with advanced liver cirrhosis and ascites. Blockade of V2R will induce an effective aquaresis and inhibition of V2-mediated vasodilation. This aquaresis, in combination with a diuresis, may provide a potential therapy for patients with resistant ascites. V2 receptor antagonism increases plasma vasopressin concentration, which may cause unopposed hyperstimulation of the vasoconstrictor V1 receptor. Given the potential hyperstimulation of V1R, V2RA may have additional secondary preventative benefits in patients with cirrhosis through a reduction in portal pressure and a decreased risk of variceal bleeding.
Polycystic kidney disease.
Polycystin defects increase intracellular cAMP, secondary messenger for vasopressin acting at V2R, leading to cyst development. cAMP-dependent genes promote fluid secretion into developing renal cysts and increase cell proliferation. Studies in several animal models of polycystic kidney disease have shown a reduction in kidney size and cyst volume after treatment with specific V2 receptor antagonist. Full scale therapeutic trials of V2RAs in patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease are currently ongoing.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
Congenital nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI) may result from V2R or aquaporin-2 (AQP2) mutations. Exogenously administered V2R antagonists can bind to misfolded intracellular V2R, and improve transport of V2R to the cell membrane. Clinical studies in patients with X-linked NDI showed that the selective V1R antagonist relcovaptan (SR49059, Sanofi-Aventis) significantly increased urine osmolality and decreased 24-hour urine flow. Thus V1R and/or V2R antagonists may serve as molecular chaperones to mitigate misfolding defects in selected patients with type 2 NDI.

</doc>
<doc id="20697880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697880" title="Handakos Street">
Handakos Street

Handakos Street is a pedestrianised street in Heraklion, Crete, Greece. It has been a busy thoroughfare since antiquity. The street, which goes down to the sea, specialises in niche shops and cafés.

</doc>
<doc id="20697918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697918" title="William Crowhurst">
William Crowhurst

William Crowhurst (October 24, 1849 — July 4, 1915) was an English cricketer. He was a right-arm fast bowler who played for Kent. He was born in Chislehurst and died in St. Mary Cray.
Crowhurst made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1877 season. From the tailend, Crowhurst scored a duck in the first innings in which he batted, and a single run in the second.
Crowhurst bowled 28 overs in the match, taking one wicket.
Not to be confused with Willem "Grumpy Willem" Crowhurst, born February 8, 1991.
He is his long-lost son, and now attends Unitec New Zealand and is majoring in Production in his Film and Television degree. He specialises in making Call Sheets for every occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="20697952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697952" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1906–1909">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1906–1909

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 29 March 1906 election and the 30 April 1909 election.
This proved to be the last term of single-member representation, which had served the House for over half a century since its first elections in September 1856. In 1907, a redistribution adopted the five federal electorates which had been created for Tasmania, and used the Hare-Clark proportional representation system to elect six members to each of the seats. The changes became effective at the 1909 election.
The 1906 election resulted in three more Labor members being elected—although one was replacing Labor-turned-Independent member William Lamerton. As most of the retiring or defeated members were Independents, this had little impact on the party balance and enabled John Evans to continue as Premier of Tasmania throughout the term.

</doc>
<doc id="20697958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697958" title="2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Wayne Arthurs and Paul Hanley were the defending champions but only Hanley 
competed that year with Radek Štěpánek.
Hanley and Štěpánek won in the final 5–7, 7–6 (7–5), 7–5 against Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20697977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20697977" title="Ocenebra">
Ocenebra

Ocenebra is a genus of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex and rock snails. 
Species.
Species with accepted names within the genus "Ocenebra" include according to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) :

</doc>
<doc id="20698004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698004" title="Craigtoun Miniature Railway">
Craigtoun Miniature Railway

The Craigtoun Park Railway is a gauge railway operating on a circular track around part of the Craigtoun Country Park in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
The gauge employed is usually associated with more extensive railway operations, including public transport services on railways such as the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway in Kent, England. However, the Craigtoun Park Railway operates on a circuit of approximately , and purely as an attraction for families enjoying a day out in the public park owned by Fife Council.
The rolling stock, all built by Severn Lamb consists of a two open and one semi-open 'toast-rack' style passenger carriages, with motive power provided by a 2-8-0 steam-outline diesel hydraulic locomotive built in 1973, designed to resemble a North American type steam locomotive of the Rio Grande Railroad. 
The 15 inch gauge railway has been running at Craigtoun since 1976, and in 2011/2012, the railway was run by MRW Railways Limited with a replacement Severn Lamb locomotive and upgrades to track and station.

</doc>
<doc id="20698017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698017" title="Erendira">
Erendira

Erendira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20698031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698031" title="Charles Alexander (cricketer, born 1839)">
Charles Alexander (cricketer, born 1839)

Charles Dallas Alexander (December 25, 1839 – January 22, 1917) was an Indian-born English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Calcutta and died in Tankerton.
Alexander made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1864 season, against England. Alexander scored 8 runs in the first innings of the match and 3 runs in the second, in a match in which Kent fielded thirteen players to England's eleven.

</doc>
<doc id="20698051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698051" title="Ocenebra erinacea">
Ocenebra erinacea

Ocenebra erinacea, common name the European sting winkle, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex and rock snails.
The name "Ocenebra erinaceus" is the accepted name according to the database World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), and the name is also accepted as valid by the ICZN (Op. 886) 

</doc>
<doc id="20698058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698058" title="Peninsula Engineering Group, Inc.">
Peninsula Engineering Group, Inc.

Peninsula Engineering Group, Inc. ("PEGI") was an United States company which was a pioneer in on-frequency microwave and cellular repeaters. From its founding in 1983 until its demise in 2002, the company was a technological leader in the field of low-cost on-frequency repeaters, and was awarded numerous patents. Peninsula Engineering Solutions, Inc. is a successor company that continues to provide both new products and parts based on the PEGI designs. The company went through a few name changes; in 1992 it became "Peninsula Wireless Communications" and in 1995 again changed names to "Repeater Technologies."
PEGI's clients included telephone companies, mobile phone companies, utilities, governments, and other agencies around the world. The company was based in the San Francisco Bay Area and had an office in Beijing, China.
History.
Peninsula Engineering Group started in 1983. The GTE Lenkurt facility in San Carlos, California, was going to be closed. Product Planner (soon to be PEGI President) Barry Leff met with Microwave Engineering Manager (soon to be PEGI VP Engineering) Ed Johnson and discussed starting a company based on keeping the GTE Lenkurt microwave engineering team together in a new company.
The company was incorporated in 1983, located in Redwood City, California. On the first day of business the company had no money, an order for $50,000 (from GTE), fifteen engineers, one business person and a secretary. In addition to getting employees to work for stock for some months, they figured out a way to buy the complex test equipment needed to build sophisticated communications equipment. GTE held an auction, and some employees took second mortgages on their homes to buy equipment at auction, which they then leased to the company. When the company got on firmer financial footing, it bought the equipment from the employees. The experiences they went through in financing the company served as inspiration for Barry Leff to explore the subject in greater detail; his doctoral dissertation at Golden Gate University was titled "Financing the Start-up of Silicon Valley High-Tech Companies".
The company's initial product was a version of the GTE Lenkurt 2 GHz RF Repeater, invented some years earlier by John Oades. The repeater offered a low cost, efficient way to get around obstacles with a microwave link.
The company completed their first year of business with sales of over $700,000 and a small profit. In April 1985 Barry and Ed met with New Vector Communications (later part of AirTouch. New Vector agreed to fund the development of an 800 MHz on-frequency RF repeater, which led to PEGI getting into the cellular telephone business, their major focus.

</doc>
<doc id="20698065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698065" title="Günter Schießwald">
Günter Schießwald

Günter Schießwald (born September 25, 1973) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for FK Blau Weiss Hollabrunn.

</doc>
<doc id="20698080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698080" title="Bencomia">
Bencomia

Bencomia is a genus of four rare plant species native to the Canary Islands, which grow as woody, branching shrubs with glossy, evergreen leaves and central, pendulous inflorescences with small flowers followed by densely packed, globular fruits. Mature heights range from 1 to 4 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="20698091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698091" title="List of tallest structures in India">
List of tallest structures in India

This is a list of the tallest structures in India. The list contains all types of structures that stand at least tall.

</doc>
<doc id="20698094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698094" title="Louisville Grays all-time roster">
Louisville Grays all-time roster

The Louisville Grays were a professional baseball team that played in the National League for two seasons from 1876 to 1877. The franchise used Louisville Baseball Park as their home field. During their two seasons of existence, the team had a record of 65–61.

</doc>
<doc id="20698103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698103" title="Galway &amp; District League Reserve League">
Galway &amp; District League Reserve League

The Galway & District League Reserve League theoretically, is the sixth tier of the Galway & District League football competition [http://galwayfa.net/].
Promotion and relegation.
The winner of the competition does not gain promotion to the fifth tier of the Galway & District League. The league comprises only reserve teams of clubs participating in higher tiers of the competition. In any case, nearly half of the teams competing in the reserve league have their competing the tier above them.
As no league exist below the Reserve League, no relegation is possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20698107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698107" title="Pershyttan">
Pershyttan

Pershyttan is a small mining town approximately south south west of Nora, Sweden (174 km west of Stockholm). It has been restored and kept mainly as a working museum of Bergslagen's mining and iron handling which started in the early 14th century. 
One of Sweden's best preserved charcoal-fuelled blast furnaces from 1856 can be found in Pershyttan. In the area is there is also one of the biggest working water wheels.
The two best known mines in the area are Lockgrufvan, which dates back to the Middle Ages, and Storgruvan.
Storgruvan is also called Moon Mine due to it being the site of the moonbase analogue test project. With the aim to research and explore techniques for building an underground base on the moon.
Some goals of the moon mine project are:

</doc>
<doc id="20698114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698114" title="Moses Haughton the younger">
Moses Haughton the younger

Moses Haughton (July 7, 1773 – June 26, 1849) was an English engraver and painter, often of miniatures.
Life.
Born in Wednesbury in the Black Country, the nephew of the painter Moses Haughton the elder, he moved to Liverpool in 1790. 
There he became a friend of William Roscoe and possibly studied under George Stubbs before enrolling at the Royal Academy Schools in London in 1795. At the R.A. he was a classmate of J.M.W. Turner. In 1796 William Roscoe mentions Haughton as a 'young engraver' of note.
From 1803, Haughton was the resident engraver to Henry Fuseli, and it was largely through Haughton's prints that Fuseli's work became widely known; 
He painted a well known Miniature of Fuseli and his wife Sophia Rawlins. He became a close friend of Henry Fuseli, and resided with Fuseli's family in the Keeper's Apartments at Somerset House. After Fuseli's death, Mrs. Fuseli lived with the Haughton family until her own death.
Haughton exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1808 to 1848. 
Two of his miniatures, "The Love Dream", and "The Captive" were engraved by R. W. Sievier; other portraits were also engraved. 
Amongst his notable portrait subjects were Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Joseph Johnson, Joshua Reynolds.

</doc>
<doc id="20698132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698132" title="Refrigerated van">
Refrigerated van

A refrigerated van (also called a refrigerator van or wagon or car) is a railway goods wagon with cooling equipment. Today they are designated by the International Union of Railways (UIC) as Class I.
History.
The first wagons were cooled with ice that had been cut in winter from special pools or lakes. It was Gustavus Swift who succeed in the winter of 1877 for the first time in developing an efficient cooling system for railway wagons for Chicago businesses and meat producers. It circulated air through the ice and then through the entire wagon in order to cool it down. This system was the basis of the success of the Union Stock Yard, the Chicago slaughterhouses. The cooled wagons made it possible for the first time to transport the meat of slaughtered animals to the whole of the USA. Later, manufactured ice was used, but this rapidly gave way to other means of cooling; the simplest was the substitution of normal (water) ice by dry ice. With the increasing reliability of combustion engines, engine-powered refrigerator vans emerged. There are even vans whose cooling is achieved by the evaporation of liquid gas.
Construction.
Compared with machine-cooled vans, ice-cooled wagons have the disadvantage of uneven temperature control, because the cooling effect is only achieved by air circulation. On the other hand, machine-cooled wagons are expensive to maintain and operate, but can be set to the desired temperature and maintained at that temperature throughout the entire journey. They are also better suited to transporting goods at deep-freeze temperatures of around , whereas evaporators and ice-cooling are more suited to maintaining temperatures of around . Banana transport wagons with gas evaporators have an optimum internal temperature of In addition to proper refrigerated vans, there are covered wagons with thermal insulation and, in some cases, even those are equipped with refrigerating sets. These wagons can only operate at temperatures between , where a constant internal temperature is desired.
Use.
In long-distance trains in the former Eastern Block countries, refrigerator trains were used that comprised a refrigeration plant wagon, a guards van and several refrigerated vans.
Most food is transported by road nowadays due to the shorter journey times. The stock of refrigerated vans owned by railway companies has therefore shrunk considerably. Most refrigerated vans in Europe today are operated by Interfrigo. These wagons are easy to tell apart externally: white vans are normal refrigerated wagons, blue ones with white stripes along the side are machine-cooled refrigerator vans.
Types.
Almost all refrigerated vans currently in service are built to UIC standard classes. The two-axled wagons have the same overall dimensions as the covered goods wagons of classes Gbs or Hbfs.
1) Refrigerated and insulated vans / Refrigerated vans with cooling equipment

</doc>
<doc id="20698137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698137" title="Silent Love (Open My Heart)/Be With U">
Silent Love (Open My Heart)/Be With U

"Silent Love (Open My Heart)/Be With U" is Mai Kuraki's twenty-seventh single, released on November 28, 2007. It is Kuraki's first double A-side single in 6 years as well as her first single to be released in both limited and regular editions. The single was originally scheduled to drop on November 21 but was postponed by a week (a first for Kuraki) due to circumstances unrelated to production. The initial cover was also replaced a month before its release.

</doc>
<doc id="20698143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698143" title="Forum of Azerbaijani Students in Europe (FASE)">
Forum of Azerbaijani Students in Europe (FASE)

Forum of Azerbaijani Students in Europe or FASE () is a youth organization of Azerbaijani students and young professionals registered in Belgium. FASE has many branches in different capitals of Europe. The idea of establishing FASE was developed during the first Forum held in May, 2006 at the European Parliament in Brussels which was held under the slogan “Future is What You Do Now” with the initiative to promote education abroad, as a result of which the state programme on state funding 5000 students a year to study abroad has been adopted by the Azerbaijani government.
Successive forums and events have been held under the slogans “Be the Change”, "Make a Difference" and "Working together is Success" in Brussels, Berlin, Strasbourg, London, Athens and Paris and attracted lots of supporters, who were eager to discuss future perspectives of Azerbaijan integrated in the common European family.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20698168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698168" title="A New Hallelujah">
A New Hallelujah

A New Hallelujah is a live album by Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. Released in October 2008, this is Smith's third album of worship music, and his fourth live album. "A New Hallelujah" was recorded on June 20, 2008 at Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas. A DVD version of the album was released in March 2009.
Reception.
"A New Hallelujah" won two Dove Awards at the 40th GMA Dove Awards, for Best Inspirational Recorded Song and Best Praise & Worship Album.

</doc>
<doc id="20698175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698175" title="Moses Haughton the elder">
Moses Haughton the elder

Moses Haughton, sometimes spelt Horton (ca. 1734 – December 24, 1804) was an English designer, engraver and painter of portraits and still life.
Life and work.
Haughton was born in Wednesbury, Staffordshire and baptised on 27 March 1735. He trained as an enamel painter and was employed at the workshop of Hyla Holden in Wednesbury, before moving to Birmingham to work for John Baskerville and Henry Clay in 1761, where he worked on enamelled, japanned and papier-mâché products. He was married to Elizabeth Haughton (1741 – 13 January 1816).
In 1809, along with Samuel Lines he established a Life Academy in Peck Lane, a street leading out of New Street, close to what was the Free Grammar school (on a site now occupied by New Street Station). This life school was so successful that in 1814 it was moved to a larger space in Union Passage. In this year it held its first public exhibition. In 1821 the (Royal) Birmingham Society of Artists grew from this venture.
He was noted for his portraits such as Lady Louisa Tollemache, Countess of Dysart and still-life paintings of dead game, exhibiting at the Royal Academy between 1788 and 1804. He also illustrated a notable edition of the Bible in the late eighteenth century.
Haughton was said to be of a "quiet and retiring disposition" and was not known much outside Birmingham during his lifetime. He lived for many years at Ashted, outside the city. He died there on 24 December 1804 and was buried in Wednesbury, a marble monument with his portrait, sculpted by Peter Rouw being erected in his memory at St. Philip's Church, Birmingham.
His son, Matthew Haughton, was an artist and engraver, and his nephew, Moses Haughton the younger (1773–1849), a painter and engraver.

</doc>
<doc id="20698197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698197" title="Franz Resch">
Franz Resch

Franz Resch (born May 4, 1969) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently managing FC Lauterach.

</doc>
<doc id="20698207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698207" title="Pranidipine">
Pranidipine

Pranidipine is a calcium channel blocker. It is a long acting calcium channel antagonist of the dihydropyridine group.

</doc>
<doc id="20698208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698208" title="Internet Explorer versions">
Internet Explorer versions

Internet Explorer (formerly Microsoft Internet Explorer and Windows Internet Explorer, commonly abbreviated IE or MSIE) is a series of graphical web browsers developed by Microsoft and included as part of the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, starting in 1995.
The first version of Internet Explorer, (at that time named Microsoft Internet Explorer, later referred to as Internet Explorer 1) made its debut on 16 August 1995. It was a reworked version of Spyglass Mosaic, which Microsoft licensed from Spyglass Inc., like many other companies initiating browser development. It was first released as part of the add-on package Plus! for Windows 95 that year. Later versions were available as free downloads, or in service packs, and included in the OEM service releases of Windows 95 and later versions of Windows.
Originally Microsoft Internet Explorer only ran on Windows using Intel 80386 (IA-32) processor. Current versions also run on x64, 32-bit ARMv7, PowerPC and IA-64. Versions on Windows have supported MIPS, Alpha AXP and 16-bit and 32-bit x86 but currently support only 32-bit or 64-bit. A version exists for Xbox 360 called Internet Explorer for Xbox using PowerPC and an embedded OEM version called Pocket Internet Explorer, later rebranded Internet Explorer Mobile, which is currently based on Internet Explorer 9 and made for Windows Phone using ARMv7, Windows CE, and previously, based on Internet Explorer 7 for Windows Mobile. It remains in development alongside the desktop versions.
Internet Explorer has supported other operating systems with Internet Explorer for Mac (using Motorola 68020+, PowerPC) and Internet Explorer for UNIX (Solaris using SPARC and HP-UX using PA-RISC) have been discontinued.
Since its first release, Microsoft has added features and technologies such as basic table display (in version 1.5); XMLHttpRequest (in version 5), which aids creation of dynamic web pages; and Internationalized Domain Names (in version 7), which allow Web sites to have native-language addresses with non-Latin characters. The browser has also received scrutiny throughout its development for use of third-party technology (such as the source code of Spyglass Mosaic, used without royalty in early versions) and security and privacy vulnerabilities, and both the United States and the European Union have alleged that integration of Internet Explorer with Windows has been to the detriment of other browsers.
The latest stable release has an interface allowing for use as both a desktop application, and as a Windows 8 application.
OS compatibility.
IE versions, over time, have had widely varying OS compatibility, ranging from being available for many platforms and several versions of Windows to only a few versions of Windows. Many versions of IE had some support for an older OS but stopped getting updates. The increased growth of the Internet in the 1990s and 2000s means that current browsers with small market shares have more total users than the entire market early on. For example, 90% market share in 1997 would be roughly 60 million users, but by the start of 2007 90% market share would equate to over 900 million users. The result is that later versions of IE6 had many more users in total than all the early versions put together.
The release of IE7 at the end of 2006 resulted in a collapse of IE6 market share; by February 2007, market version share statistics showed IE6 at about 50% and IE7 at 29%. Regardless of the actual market share, the most compatible version (across operating systems) of IE was 5.x, which had Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X, Unix, and most Windows versions available and supported for a short period in the late 1990s (although 4.x had a more unified codebase across versions). By 2007, IE had much narrower OS support, with the latest versions supporting only Windows XP Service Pack 2 and above. Internet Explorer 5.0, 5.5, 6.0, and 7.0 (Experimental) have also been unofficially ported to the Linux operating system from the project IEs4Linux.
Early versions.
Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Microsoft Internet Explorer (later referred to as Internet Explorer 1) made its debut on 16 August 1995. It was a reworked version of Spyglass Mosaic which Microsoft had licensed, like many other companies initiating browser development, from Spyglass Inc. It came with Microsoft Plus! for Windows 95 and the OEM release of Windows 95. It was installed as part of the "Internet Jumpstart Kit" in Plus! for Windows 95. The Internet Explorer team began with about six people in early development. Microsoft Internet Explorer 1.5 was released several months later for Windows NT and added support for basic HTML table rendering. By including it free of charge on their operating system, they did not have to pay royalties to Spyglass Inc, resulting in a lawsuit and a US$8 million settlement on January 22, 1997.
Although not included, this software can also be installed on the original release of Windows 95.
Microsoft Internet Explorer (that is version 1.x) is no longer supported, or available for download from Microsoft. However, archived versions of the software can be found on various websites.
Features.
Microsoft Internet Explorer came with an install routine replacing a manual installation required by many of the existing web browsers.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 2.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 2 was released for Windows 95, Windows NT 3.5, and NT 4.0 on 22 November 1995 (following a 2.0 beta in October). It featured support for SSL, cookies, VRML, RSA, and Internet newsgroups. Version 2 was also the first release for Windows 3.1 and Macintosh System 7.0.1 (PPC or 68k), although the Mac version was not released until January 1996 for PPC, and April for 68k. Version 2.1 for the Mac came out in August 1996, although by this time, Windows was getting 3.0. Version 2 was included in Windows 95 OSR 1 and Microsoft's "Internet Starter Kit for Windows 95" in early 1996. It launched with twelve languages, including English, but by April 1996, this was expanded to 24, 20, and 9 for Win 95, Win 3.1, and Mac, respectively. The 2.0i version supported double-byte character-set.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 3 was released on 13 August 1996 and went on to be much more popular than its predecessors. Microsoft Internet Explorer 3 was the first major browser with CSS support, although this support was only partial. It also introduced support for ActiveX controls, Java applets, inline multimedia, and the PICS system for content metadata. Version 3 also came bundled with Internet Mail and News, NetMeeting, and an early version of the Windows Address Book, and was itself included with Windows 95 OSR 2. Version 3 proved to be the first more popular version of Internet Explorer, bringing with it increased scrutiny. In the months following its release, a number of security and privacy vulnerabilities were found by researchers and hackers. This version of Internet Explorer was the first to have the 'blue e' logo. The Internet Explorer team consisted of roughly 100 people during the development of three months. The first major IE security hole, the Princeton Word Macro Virus Loophole, was discovered on 22 August 1996 in IE3.
Backwards compatibility was handled by allowing users who upgraded to IE3 to still use the last IE, because the installation converted the previous version to a separate directory.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4, released in September 1997, deepened the level of integration between the web browser and the underlying operating system. Installing version 4 on a Windows 95 or Windows NT 4 machine and choosing "Windows Desktop Update" would result in the traditional Windows Explorer being replaced by a version more akin to a web browser interface, as well as the Windows desktop itself being web-enabled via Active Desktop. The integration with Windows, however, was subject to numerous packaging criticisms (see United States v. Microsoft). This option was no longer available with the installers for later versions of Internet Explorer, but was not removed from the system if already installed. Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 introduced support for Group Policy, allowing companies to configure and lock down many aspects of the browser's configuration as well as support for offline browsing. Internet Mail and News was replaced with Outlook Express, and Microsoft Chat and an improved NetMeeting were also included. This version was also included with Windows 98. New features that allowed users to save and retrieve posts in comment forms were added, but they are not used today. Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.5 offered new features such as easier 128-bit encryption. It also offered a dramatic stability improvement over prior versions, particularly the 68k version, which was especially prone to freezing.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5, launched on 18 March 1999, and subsequently included with Windows 98 Second Edition and bundled with Office 2000, was another significant release that supported bi-directional text, ruby characters, XML, XSLT, and the ability to save web pages in MHTML format. IE5 was bundled with Outlook Express 5. Also, with the release of Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0, Microsoft released the first version of XMLHttpRequest, giving birth to Ajax (even though the term "Ajax" was not coined until years later). It was the last with a 16-bit version. Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, a bug fix version included in Windows 2000, was released in December 1999. Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 followed in July 2000, improving its print preview capabilities, CSS and HTML standards support, and developer APIs; this version was bundled with Windows Me. However, version 5 was the last version for Mac and UNIX. Version 5.5 was the last to have "Compatibility Mode", which allowed Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 to be run side by side with the 5.x. The IE team consisted of over 1,000 people by 1999, with funding on the order of per year.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 was released on 27 August 2001, a few months before Windows XP. This version included DHTML enhancements, content restricted inline frames, and partial support of CSS level 1, DOM level 1, and SMIL 2.0. The MSXML engine was also updated to version 3.0. Other new features included a new version of the Internet Explorer Administration Kit (IEAK), Media bar, Windows Messenger integration, fault collection, automatic image resizing, P3P, and a new look-and-feel that was in line with the "Luna" visual style of Windows XP, when used in Windows XP. Internet Explorer 6.0 SP1 offered several security enhancements and coincided with the Windows XP SP1 patch release. In 2002, the Gopher protocol was disabled, and support for it was dropped in Internet Explorer 7. Internet Explorer 6.0 SV1 came out on 6 August 2004 for Windows XP SP2 and offered various security enhancements and new colour buttons on the user interface. Internet Explorer 6 updated the original 'blue e' logo to a lighter blue and more 3D look. Microsoft now considers IE6 to be an obsolete product and recommends that users upgrade to Internet Explorer 8. Some corporate IT users have not upgraded despite this, in part because some still use Windows 2000, which will not run Internet Explorer 7 or above. Microsoft has launched a website, http://ie6countdown.com/, with the goal of getting Internet Explorer 6 usage to drop below 1 percent worldwide. Its usage is 6% globally as of October 2012, and now about 6.3% since June 2013, and depending to the country the usage differs heavily: while the usage in Norway is 0.1%, it is 21.3% in the People's Republic of China. On 3 January 2012, Microsoft announced that usage of IE6 in the United States had dropped below 1%.
Windows Internet Explorer 7.
Windows Internet Explorer 7 was released on 18 October 2006. It includes bug fixes, enhancements to its support for web standards, tabbed browsing with tab preview and management, a multiple-engine search box, a web feeds reader, Internationalized Domain Name support (IDN), Extended Validation Certificate support, and an anti-phishing filter. With IE7, Internet Explorer has been decoupled from the Windows Shell—unlike previous versions, the Internet Explorer ActiveX control is not hosted in the Windows Explorer process, but rather runs in a separate Internet Explorer process. It is included with Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008, and is available for Windows XP Service Pack 2 and later, and Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 and later. The original release of Internet Explorer 7 required the computer to pass a Windows Genuine Advantage validation check prior to installing, but on October 5, 2007, Microsoft removed this requirement. As some statistics show, by mid-2008, Internet Explorer 7 market share exceeded that of Internet Explorer 6 in a number of regions.
For newer versions see: Internet Explorer.

</doc>
<doc id="20698214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698214" title="Fendiline">
Fendiline

Fendiline is a calcium channel blocker.
It is nonselective.

</doc>
<doc id="20698215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698215" title="County of Savolax and Karelia">
County of Savolax and Karelia

Savolax and Karelia County (, ) was a county of Sweden 1775-1809 and province of Grand Duchy of Finland 1809-1831. It was formed in 1775 when Savolax and Kymmenegård County was divided into Savolax and Karelia County and Kymmenegård County. Residence city was Kuopio. 
By the Treaty of Fredrikshamn in 1809 Sweden ceded all its territories in Finland, east of the Torne River, to Russia. Savolax and Karelia Province was succeeded in 1831 by the Kuopio Province in the autonomic Grand Duchy of Finland. Minor parts of province were merged to Mikkeli Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20698216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698216" title="County of Kymmenegård">
County of Kymmenegård

Kymmenegård County (, ) was a county of Sweden 1775-1809 and province of Grand Duchy of Finland 1809-1831.
The county was created in 1775 by dividing the Savolax and Kymmenegård County (, ) into two parts: Savolax and Karelia County and Kymmenegård County. Residence city was Heinola.
By the Treaty of Fredrikshamn in 1809 Sweden ceded all its territories in Finland, east of the Torne River, to Russia. Kymmenegård Province was succeeded in 1831 by the Mikkeli Province in the autonomic Grand Duchy of Finland. Minor parts of province were merged to Uusimaa Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20698245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698245" title="Moses Haughton">
Moses Haughton

Moses Haughton was the name of an uncle and nephew who were both artists in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century England:

</doc>
<doc id="20698254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698254" title="Flags of the Reorganized National Government of China">
Flags of the Reorganized National Government of China

During the Second Sino-Japanese war, the invading Japanese established a variety of puppet governments such as the Provisional Government of China and the Reformed Government of China which used the Five Races Under One Union flag even though the legitimate Republic of China had switched to the current day modern flag of the Republic of China.
When the Republic of China-Nanjing was established on 30 March 1940 in Nanjing, Wang Jingwei was slated to take over the previous Japanese-installed governments and centralize the Chinese Nationalists under what they claimed to be the legitimate successor to the Republic of China he demanded to use the modern flag as a means to challenge the authority of the Nationalist government in Chongqing under Chiang Kai-shek and position himself as the rightful successor to Sun Yat-sen. 
However, the Japanese preferred the Five-Colored Five Races Under One Union flag. As a compromise, the Japanese suggested adding a triangular yellow pennant on top with the slogan "Peace, Anti-Communism, National Construction" (和平反共建國, Hépíng fǎn'gòng jiàn guó) in black, but this was rejected by Wang. In the end, Wang and the Japanese agreed that the yellow banner was to be used outdoors only, until 1943 when the banner was abandoned, leaving two rival governments with the same flag, each claiming to be the legitimate Nationalist government of China.
Variants of the state flag.
There were multiple variants of the pendent used by the Wang Jingwei Government, these variants were based on regional choice.
Naval Jack and War Ensign.
The war ensign was adopted in commemoration of the second anniversary that the capital was relocated on the first of May, 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20698268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698268" title="T bag">
T bag

T bag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20698348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698348" title="Capitu">
Capitu

Capitu is the name of the main female character of the novel, "Dom Casmurro", by Brazilian writer Machado de Assis, first published in 1899. She is the object of Bentinho's (Dom Casmurro) obsession. The novel forces the reader to decide if Capitu cheats or not on Bentinho, due to the dubious interpretation of reality by the protagonist, Bentinho, who is blinded by jealousy.
It was also the name of the Brazilian television series written by Euclydes Marinho and presented by Rede Globo between 8 December and 13 December 2008. The production was a homage to the centennial anniversary of the death of Machado de Assis, author of the romance on which the miniseries was based.
Cast.
The cast of the TV series, based on the novel, was:

</doc>
<doc id="20698441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698441" title="Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church (Allen, Maryland)">
Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church (Allen, Maryland)

Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church, known now as Asbury United Methodist Church, is a historic church located at Allen, Wicomico County, Maryland. It is a rectangular, gable-front frame structure, with the entrance located in a square bell tower centered on the front. The main block of the building was constructed in 1848 and the tower was added in 1883.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20698445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698445" title="Swamptrash">
Swamptrash

Swamptrash were a Scottish bluegrass/psychobilly band formed in 1987 in Edinburgh. They split in 1990 and several of the members went on to form Shooglenifty
Personnel.
Members have included:

</doc>
<doc id="20698454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698454" title="Inland Territory">
Inland Territory

Inland Territory is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Vienna Teng. It was released in Germany on February 6, 2009 and in the U.S. on April 7, 2009. The record was recorded over five months in four cities.
Track listing.
All songs written by Vienna Teng (except "Antebellum", written by Vienna Teng and Alex Wong).

</doc>
<doc id="20698457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698457" title="The Spearhead">
The Spearhead

The Spearhead is a peak in the Garibaldi Ranges of British Columbia, Canada, and is one of the main summits of the Blackcomb Mountain portion of the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort, located at the apex of the Blackcomb and Spearhead Glaciers, which is named for it. It also is the namesake of the Spearhead Range, which is the short range flanking the north side of Fitzsimmons Creek and ending on its northwest end at Blackcomb Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20698483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698483" title="We Know, Plato!">
We Know, Plato!

We Know, Plato! was an indie rock band based in Richmond, Virginia. The band was formed when Mark Strong moved back to Richmond from LA and found Benvolio Willson's solo work online. The lineup solidified with Daniel Medley joining in Summer of 2007 and Todd Baker joining in early 2008, during the recording of their second EP, "Turn On the Outside Lights", which never came to fruition.
We Know, Plato! had a song featured in the hit show Gossip Girl on November 10, 2008. They have also been featured in numerous blogs, newspapers, and websites.
History.
In 2005, Mark Strong, former bassist and then keyboardist of The Waking Hours and multi-instrumentalist/co-songwriter for Edison Gower, had come back to Richmond from a brief stint in California and browsed the internet where he found Richmond musician Benvolio Willson and contacted him with a means to collaborate.
Willson was still finishing up college, recording solo songs in dorm room, and playing with Harrisonburg, Va band "Roy Rogers". Being away at college initially made it hard for the two to efficiently collaborate but, by late 2006, they had shared a show together as separate musicians, and in early 2007 We Know, Plato! was formed.
In the fall of 2007 the duo enlisted Richmond-newcomer Daniel Medley fresh out of high school. We Know, Plato! played two shows as a trio. Shortly after New Zealand keyboardist/vocalist Julia Manhire, now Julia Marquardt, was recruited. In the end of April 2008, bassist Steve Chiles, having formerly played for the band "Brian Bachman and the New Romancers", entered the band as the final member of WK,P!.
In the wake of both Steve departing the band to dedicate his time to family/work, and Julia's departure due to time constraints, the band acquired a new bassist- Daniel Medley's brother-in-law, Todd Baker.
We Know, Plato! disbanded in June 2009 due to both Willson's and Strong's preference to concentrate on a more focused, truer sound, as was soon to be found in their side-project "Carlyle Petes' Chessmen of Doom", which is now their main project, renamed "Make Phantoms".
Mark Strong and Ben Willson continue to work on their new project, Make Phantoms, and Daniel Medley has since started a new project titled Those Manic Seas.

</doc>
<doc id="20698507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698507" title="Cyril and Libbye Hellier">
Cyril and Libbye Hellier

Cyril and Libbye Hellier (born on January 21, 1952) are identical twins and American operatic sopranos. Natives of Houma, Louisiana, they are the great-grandchildren of the Confederate Colonel John Henry Hellier.
The sopranos are graduates of Nicholls State University's Department of Music, where they appeared in a 1980 production of Menotti's "Amahl and the Night Visitors", with Cyril singing the part of Amahl. Earlier that year, however, they formally debuted in a production of Puccini's "Suor Angelica" (with Libbye essaying the name role), at Loyola University of the South.
After an hiatus of seven years, the Helliers returned to the stage for the title roles of Humperdinck's "Hänsel und Gretel", for The New Opera Theatre, New Orleans. In the 1988-89 season, they alternated as Bastienne in the child Mozart's "Bastien und Bastienne" for the same ensemble. In the final season of The New Opera Theatre, they appeared in a Benefit Concert also featuring Natalia Rom.
In April 1991, the Helliers were soloists in Part III of Handel's "Messiah" (in the Foundling Hospital Anthem version), at St Francis de Sales Cathedral, Houma. In October 1992, the sopranos made their New York debuts, as Kindred (Cyril) and Cousin (Libbye) in the New York premiere of Louise LaBruyère's "Everyman", after the Mystery Play, for Opera Quotannis, at the Church of St Paul the Apostle at Lincoln Center. The production then traveled to New Orleans.
In recent years, the twins have been heard in the celebrated "Katrina Memorial Concerts," at the Church of Our Lady of Good Counsel, in the Garden District of New Orleans. Also featured at those Concerts was the soprano Phyllis Treigle. Their most recent appearance was at "A Christmas Concert," at St Stephen Church, in New Orleans, in 2009, at which they performed a duet by Peter Cornelius.

</doc>
<doc id="20698510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698510" title="Microgastrinae">
Microgastrinae

Microgastrinae is a subfamily of braconid wasps, encompassing 2,000 described species, with an estimated 5,000-10,000 total species. This makes it one of the most specious subfamilies of parasitoid wasps.
Habitat.
A known 135 species of Microgastrinae have been traced to Canada, though the number may be as high as 275. At least 28 species have been traced to Turkey in Gökçeada and Bozcaada.

</doc>
<doc id="20698513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698513" title="Costa Rican Center of Science and Culture">
Costa Rican Center of Science and Culture

Centro Costarricense de la Ciencia y la Cultura (Costa Rican Center of Science and Culture) is a science and culture museum complex in Costa Rica. Located in a fortress-like building that once served as the central penitentiary between 1910 and 1979, the center was inaugurated in 1994. It contains a number of important institutions including the National Auditorium, the Museo de los Niños, the National Gallery and a number of others.
History.
The Center was established in the building that housed the old Central Penitentiary, which itself was founded in 1909 and was open for 70 years. This penitentiary was closed in 1979 by Rodrigo Carazo's administration leaving the building empty and abandoned for several years. In 1991, the then First Lady Gloria Bejarano Almada, wife of President Rafael Ángel Calderón, created "Fundación Ayudanos para Ayudar" ("Help Us to Help Foundation" in English), to promote the Center's creation, which was inaugurated on April 27, 1994. Some sections of the building such as the facade and the walls of the west wing were proclaimed historical and architectural heritage of Costa Rica in 1988. The Center's stated mission is to strengthen education and promote the national scientific and technological development.
Museo de los Niños.
Museo de los Niños (literally "Children's Museum" in Spanish) is an interactive museum that focuses on the education and entertainment of kids of all ages. It was inaugurated in 1994 as part of the Center and forms the best-known part of it.
National Auditorium.
The National Auditorium was conceived as a stage for all art forms. It has a lighting system, an acoustic shell, an orchestra pit, satellite communications, possibility for simultaneous translations in up to four languages and 526 seats. The auditorium has hosted several concerts of classical music, literary contests, beauty contests, audiovisuals, conferences, seminars, scientific and cultural congresses, and theater productions.
National Gallery.
The National Gallery, whose stated mission is to "bring democracy to art", was also inaugurated in 1994. It has fourteen galleries in two levels. These contain several artistic (photography, ceramics, craftsmanship, hand drawing, and graphic design), scientific, technological, and technical exhibits of both Costa Rican and international origin.
Complejo Juvenil.
Complejo Juvenil ("Youth Complex" in Spanish) was inaugurated in 1999 as the fourth addition to the Center. Aimed to young people between 10 and 20 years of age, it has a library, news archive, map room, A/V room and other educational elements, as well as a computer lab. In the future it will also house a museum about the Central Penitentiary, where the former prison's history will be reconstructed in a dynamic way.

</doc>
<doc id="20698519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698519" title="Parastichy">
Parastichy

Parastichy, in phyllotaxy, is the (invisible) spiral line of the pattern of the areoles on some plants, such as cactuses and pinecones. These spirals involve the insertion of a single primordium. They have been described as an effect of the human eye and the way it connects "nearest points" on certain spiral patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="20698524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698524" title="Neuhorst, Saskatchewan">
Neuhorst, Saskatchewan

Neuhorst (Canada 2006 Census population 126) is a small hamlet in Saskatchewan, Canada about 30 minutes north of Saskatoon. Neuhorst is a part of rural municipality Corman Park No. 344 and is located near Saskatchewan Highway 305. 
History.
1988 - The press release was held in the town hall to announce the trade of Wayne Gretzky from the Edmonton Oilers. 
2001 - Numerous crop circles have been reported in the area lately many say they are hoaxes but a few stay confident that they are real.
2010 - This town has a high population of skunks that is at the moment uncontrollable. The town's folk have had numerous town meetings about the situation and have not yet came up with a solution.

</doc>
<doc id="20698529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698529" title="Bombadil Publishing">
Bombadil Publishing

Bombadil Publishing is a youth-to-youth publishing house, founded in Sweden in 2007 by Marianne Rugård-Järvstråt. It operates on a franchise basis and has branches in many countries. 
The company publishes both fiction and non-fiction books written by and for pre-teens, teenagers, and young adults (ages 12–26). It uses mentors and tutors, rather than traditional editors, to assist the authors in creating a quality book, and organises searches for promising authors as well as finding them through social media. The authors themselves design the covers and write the back-cover text.
Books are marketed and sold under the single Bombadil Publishing brand, but the company is a franchise operation and has offices in many countries, including the US, the UK, India, and Latin America. After the company's foundation in 2007, major expansion began early in 2008, with eleven countries being added in November that year alone and the number of authors rising from several hundred to over 50,000 by the end of the year and to over 200,000 by the end of 2010. , Bombadil was publishing in 28 languages; , it had authors in 90 countries. Some books are published in multiple languages. Authors receive a 20% share of the price of each book sold.
The books are primarily sold on the publisher's website and advertised by word-of-mouth, although in some cases they can be bought in shops; in 2011 the company was negotiating with Ikea and ICA to have some books sold at their stores.
In El Salvador, Bombadil had difficulty securing promised token government payments to authors and in 2012 had to abandon a claim for reimbursement for 10,000 books ordered by a government ministry that were not paid for. One of the Swedish companies was put into administration on 17 February 2011 in Örebro District Court, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20698535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698535" title="1973–74 New York Islanders season">
1973–74 New York Islanders season

The 1973–74 New York Islanders season was the second season for the New York Islanders franchise in the National Hockey League. During the regular season, the Islanders finished in eighth place in the East Division with a 19-41-18 record and did not qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; 
Draft picks.
The 1973 NHL Amateur Draft was held on May 15, 1973 at the Mount Royal Hotel in Montreal, Quebec. 

</doc>
<doc id="20698548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698548" title="2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Max Mirnyi was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Juan Carlos Ferrero.
Lleyton Hewitt won in the final 6–7(1–7), 7–5, 6–4 against Ferrero.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20698557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698557" title="Colegio Federado de Ingenieros y Arquitectos de Costa Rica">
Colegio Federado de Ingenieros y Arquitectos de Costa Rica

Colegio Federado de Ingenieros y Arquitectos de Costa Rica is an engineering and architectural institution in Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="20698566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698566" title="Spearhead Range">
Spearhead Range

The Spearhead Range is a short subrange of the Garibaldi Ranges of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, adjacent to the resort town of Whistler, British Columbia and ending at its northwestern apex in Blackcomb Mountain, one of two mountains forming the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort. Other notable summits are The Spearhead, Mount Trorey, and Tremor, Shatter, Shudder, Quiver and other similarly named peaks and glaciers. The range was named by Don and Phyllis Munday as the range's peaks resembled spearheads rising from the alpine fog. To the north of the range is Lone Goat Pass, formed by Wedge Creek and Lone Goat Creek, which is fed by the Spearhead Glacier, the largest glacier in the range. The valley of Fitzsimmons Creek is on the range's south side, and is the location of the Whistler Sliding Centre, which was built for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The Spearhead Range's counterpart on the south side of Fitzsimmons Creek is the Fitzsimmons Range, which runs east from Whistler Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20698567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698567" title="Spring Hill Church">
Spring Hill Church

Spring Hill Church, also known as Old Spring Hill and St. Paul's Episcopal Church, is a historic Episcopal church located at Hebron, Wicomico County, Maryland. It is located eight miles south on the Wicomico River from Green Hill Church, which it strongly resembles. It is a white frame structure two bays wide and four deep and set on a Flemish bond brick foundation. It was constructed as St. Paul's Episcopal Church in 1773. The interior features a barrel-vault ceiling.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20698624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698624" title="Ivan Mortimer Linforth">
Ivan Mortimer Linforth

Ivan Mortimer Linforth (1879-1976) was an American scholar, Professor of Greek at University of California, Berkeley. According to the "Biographical Dictionary of North American Classicists" he was "one of the great Hellenists of his time". He is best known for his book "The Arts of Orpheus" (1941). In it he analysed the body of texts dealing with Orpheus and the Orphics. He concluded that there was no exclusively 'Orphic' system of belief in Ancient Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20698628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698628" title="Contraloría General de la República de Costa Rica">
Contraloría General de la República de Costa Rica

Comptroller General of the Republic of Costa Rica, (—"Contraloría General de la República de Costa Rica"), is a legal comptroller framework in Costa Rica. 
It is a constitutional body of the state, an assistant of the Legislative Assembly, with supreme control of public finances in Costa Rica.
Past and present.
The Comptroller General was established in 1951, based on the 1949 Constitution of Costa Rica.
The headquarters building faces on La Sabana Metropolitan Park, the largest urban park in San José city.

</doc>
<doc id="20698642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698642" title="John Haldeman">
John Haldeman

John Avery Haldeman (December 2, 1855 to September 17, 1899) was a journalist who played one game for Major League Baseball's Louisville Grays in the 1877 season.
Early life.
Haldeman was born on December 2, 1855 in Pewee Valley, Kentucky. He was the son of "Louisville Times" (later "Louisville Courier-Journal") owner and Louisville Grays president Walter Newman Haldeman. He attended Washington and Lee University and took an active part in athletics there. After graduation, he became the business manager for his father's newspaper. He also played first baseman for the Eagle Juniors, an amateur baseball team in Louisville.
1877 baseball season.
On July 3, 1877, while Haldeman was reporting on the Louisville Grays baseball team, he made his only appearance in a Major League game. Louisville shortstop Bill Craver was unable to play in the game, and Grays manager Jack Chapman decided to move second baseman Joe Gerhardt to shortstop and ask Haldeman to play second base. Haldeman did not manage a hit in four at bats against Cincinnati Red Stockings pitcher Candy Cummings, but he did sacrifice teammate Orator Shafer to third base in the sixth inning; Shafer scored later in the inning. Haldeman also committed three errors in the field. The game marked the only time in baseball history that a reporter covering a team played in the game they were covering.
The Grays were having an excellent season until a seven-game losing streak in late August, prompting Haldeman to write a column in the "Courier-Journal" questioning the reason for the team's slide. The poor play continued on a road trip later in the season, causing the team to fall out of first place in the league and lose the pennant race. This prompted Haldeman to question the performance of players such as pitcher Jim Devlin, who he claimed had not used his best pitch during the entire road trip. He also openly questioned whether the team had deliberately thrown the pennant race. Haldeman's accusations eventually gained traction, and four players – Devlin, Craver, Al Nichols, and George Hall – were found to have thrown games.
Later life and death.
On September 7, 1887, Haldeman married Anna Buchanan, who was the great-great-granddaughter of Kentucky pioneer William Whitley. The couple had three daughters: Jean Bruce (Haldeman) Wendling, Bessie Avery Haldeman, and Isabel Brown Haldeman. Haldeman died in Louisville, Kentucky on September 17, 1899 and was buried in Louisville's Cave Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20698680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698680" title="Editorial Costa Rica">
Editorial Costa Rica

The Editorial Costa Rica is a National Law Publishing House in Costa Rica, established on June 10, 1959. It focuses on the publication of works by Costa Ricans and the enrichment of the country's culture in literature. 
The "Editorial's" first publication was the book "Throughout My Life" by Carlos Gagini in 1961.
Its advisory board is composed of three representatives named by the Assembly of Authors, one representative from the National University of Costa Rica, one from the University of Costa Rica, two from the Executive Branch appointed through the Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports, and two from the Ministry of Public Education.
Every two years three literary contests are held: the Editorial Costa Rica Prize, the Carmen Lyra Prize, and the Youth Creation Prize. Each prize is awarded in a different literary genre between various works entered in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20698687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698687" title="December 2008 New England and Upstate New York ice storm">
December 2008 New England and Upstate New York ice storm

The December 2008 ice storm of New England and Upstate New York was a damaging ice storm that took out power for millions of people in those regions. The storm was deemed the worst ice storm in a decade for New England and the most severe in 21 years for Upstate New York. Damage was primarily a result of fallen trees and fallen utility wires and poles, which were coated in a heavy layer of ice. The storm raised heavy controversy over the slow return of power, as at the storm's peak as many as 1.7 million customers were without power. Days after the storm more than 800,000 customers were still without power. Almost a week after the storm still more than 100,000 customers were without power, affecting the holiday shopping season and crippling the business and transportation of many northeast cities for days.
Response.
The storm resulted in a state of emergency being declared by Governor David Paterson in sixteen counties in New York. Up to 300,000 utility customers lost service in New York's Capital District. By Sunday evening, 14 December, 126,000 were still estimated to be without power.
Fire departments in Albany and Rensselaer County ran non-stop all weekend answering calls ranging from fires to wires down. It is estimated that both counties received tens of thousands of calls by the Saturday after the storm.
In Massachusetts up to one million residents and businesses lost power due to the storm, causing Governor Deval Patrick to declare a state of emergency and mobilize at least 500 national guardsmen to help the clean-up efforts.
Governors John Lynch of New Hampshire and John Baldacci of Maine also declared a state of emergency, and as of 13 December at least 400,000 customers were without power in New Hampshire, and at least 172,000 were without power in Maine. This total in New Hampshire was more than five times larger than those who lost power in the ice storm of 1998, previously the most devastating storm on record.
It has also been reported that over 30,000 customers were without power in Vermont and up to 3,700 were without power in Connecticut.
The American Red Cross of Northeastern New York opened multiple shelters around the Capital District to give residents a warm place to stay and eat.
Fatalities.
At least four deaths were attributed to the storm. Three of them were due to carbon monoxide poisoning, the source of which were gas-powered generators that were used indoors. One carbon-monoxide-related death was in New Hampshire, and the other two were in New York. The fourth fatality occurred in Massachusetts. A public works employee was found in a reservoir after having gone missing when investigating damage to trees.
Aftermath.
Hotels, hardware stores, malls, and restaurants that either had power or a generator saw a boom in business during the entire weekend as many residents went out to finish up holiday shopping, eat, and stay warm. Most schools closed on Friday, 12 December, and some colleges ended the semester early due to the severity of the storm.
Fourteen days after the storm hit, several thousand homes throughout New Hampshire were still without power, which in some cases resulted in threats being made against workers of Public Service Company of New Hampshire (a subsidiary of Northeast Utilities), the principal electricity supplier of New Hampshire.
Similarly, there were many people in Massachusetts without power for up to two weeks, raising many questions about the slow response of some utility companies.
Several weeks after the New England storm, a similar ice storm struck the Midwestern United States, knocking out power to a million people and leading to at least 38 deaths.
Media and coverage.
The storm and its aftermath were covered extensively by local newspapers such as "The Keene Sentinel" and the "Monadnock Ledger-Transcript" in New Hampshire. Books detailing the storm's toll include "The Weight of the Ice" by David Eisenstadter, "Black Ice" compiled from various New Hampshire authors, and "Ice" by the staff of "The Keene Sentinel".

</doc>
<doc id="20698692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698692" title="Hannes Eder">
Hannes Eder

Hannes Eder (born September 5, 1983) is an Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20698700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698700" title="JCI London">
JCI London

JCI London is part of JCI Junior Chamber International, also known as Junior Chamber of Commerce for London.
It is a dynamic network for young professionals in London in their 20's and 30's. People from all over the world join JCI and are active in the chambers. JCI supports the philosophy of ‘learning by doing’, allowing members to reach their full potential.
Mission.
JCI's mission is to provide development opportunities that empower young people to create positive change.
JCI History.
The Junior Chamber story starts in 1915 in St. Louis when Henry Giessenbier held a meeting attended by 32 young men to set up an organisation called “The Young Men’s Progressive Civic Association”. The organisation dedicated itself to bringing about civic improvements and giving young people a constructive approach to civic problems.
In August 1916 the organisation's name was changed to Junior Citizens, with members being referred to as “JC’s”, which later became “Jaycees”.
The JC’s were affiliated to the St. Louis Chamber of Commerce in 1918 and officially became the St. Louis Junior Chamber of Commerce.
In January 1920 the first national organisation, the United States Junior Chamber of Commerce (USJCC) was formed. Twenty-nine clubs around the nation were in attendance and elected Henry Giessenbier as the first national president.
Between 1920 and 1944 the Jaycee movement crossed international borders with chambers being set up in countries around the world. Junior Chamber International (as we know it now) was born in Mexico in 1944 and the first World Conference was held in Panama City in 1946. The JCI constitution and creed were adopted in the following two years.
In Britain, Lincoln Junior Chamber was formed in 1925, thought to be the first actual Junior Chamber outside the United States. The Birmingham chamber was formed in 1927, followed the same year by Sheffield and then by Nottingham in early 1928. The national organisation, known as British Junior Chamber, adopted its constitution in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20698706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698706" title="Otho Lovering">
Otho Lovering

Otho Lovering (December 1, 1892 – October 25, 1968) was an American filmmaker with about eighty editing credits on feature films and television programs. He was the son of Frank Lovering, a stenographer, and Georgie Lovering. He worked for Vitagraph Studios as a film printing foreman, according to his 1917 draft registration card.
A highlight of Lovering's career was his editing of director John Ford's classic Western film "Stagecoach" (1939). Lovering's co-editor was Dorothy Spencer, with whom Lovering had already edited several films starting in 1937. The pair were nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the film. Over 20 years later, Ford picked Lovering as his editor again following the 1961 death of Jack Murray, who had edited most of Ford's films in the 1940s and 1950s. Lovering edited four films, from "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" (1962) through Ford's last feature film, "7 Women" (1966).
Filmography.
This filmography is based on the listing at the Internet Movie Database; credits are for editing unless indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20698707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698707" title="1974–75 New York Islanders season">
1974–75 New York Islanders season

The 1974–75 New York Islanders season was the third season for the franchise in the National Hockey League. During the regular season, the Islanders finished in third place in the Patrick Division with a 33-25-22 record qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs. In the first round of the playoffs, New York defeated the New York Rangers in three games to advance to the Quarter-finals, where the team defeated the Pittsburgh Penguins in seven games, after they had lost the first three. The team lost in the semi-finals to the Philadelphia Flyers in seven games.
Player stats.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; 
Draft picks.
The 1974 NHL Amateur Draft was held via conference call at the NHL office in Montreal, Quebec. Below are listed the selections of the New York Islanders:

</doc>
<doc id="20698714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698714" title="Escuela de Arquitectura de la Universidad de Costa Rica">
Escuela de Arquitectura de la Universidad de Costa Rica

The Escuela de Arquitectura de la Universidad de Costa Rica is the principal school of architecture in Costa Rica. It is part of the Faculty of Engineering at the University of Costa Rica.
History.
The School of Architecture of the University of Costa Rica was founded in 1971. Prior to that year, the few architects that were in the country, had studied mainly in México, Chile, and the United States, which means that construction was primarily regulated by civil engineers, who left their mark and perspective around the entire country, but with the insertion of many new architects, it is being reoriented toward a vision that is architectural in character.
The first director of the School was the renown plastic artist Rafael Ángel “Felo” García and the first architect graduated in Costa Rica is Ibo Bonilla Oconitrillo who has distinguished himself internationally in bioclimatic architecture and as a sculptor of the highest sculptures in the country.
Teaching Methodology.
The new school started with controversy given its innovative curriculum, different from the traditional, basing its focus of the architectonic object as a part of an urban process and creating results based on its consideration of the physical and cultural environment. 
Architects Jorge Bertheau, Rafael Ángel García, and Edgar Brenes implemented the teaching methodology based on integrated multidisciplinary studies, with emphasis on teamwork and real projects applied to specific communities. They obtained a scholarship to study the architecture in England. 
Academic Program.
The career includes an academic program to obtain a degree in 5 years. Nevertheless, it is uncommon for a student to complete the degree within the 5 years along with the required thesis. The system is academically open, in that the student decides how many and what specific courses he wants to carry each semester.
The primary axis of the career program is in the area of design. Thus, 10 workshops on design are imparted, within which the student is challenged with various kinds of design problems: that can go from designing a cafeteria to a high rise. 
Complementary to the area of design, there are theoretical courses (which deal with, but not limited to theory on architecture), supplementary subjects, which are required by the University of Costa Rica, such as courses in art, sports, humanities, history, etc.
Masters.
• Urban Design: with a concentration on developing proposals consistent with urban design, focusing on the Latin American reality and the behaviors of its inhabitants.
• Tropical Architecture: its intent is to address architecture from the reality of Costa Rica’s climate, which encompasses tropical zones, with huge contrasts temperatures and humidity. Also, part of the emphasis of this masters program, is the intent to guide the designer towards the bioclimatic trends of design. 
• Technology and Construction: its purpose is to guide the professionals towards an adequate use of technological tools applied to construction. It exposes the participants to the most recent innovations in the field, while simultaneously complementing the students formation with talks and additional materials. 
• Landscaping: it deals with the relationships among architecture, the human being, and the environment with a scope controlled and defined by man. It studies more deeply the diversity of plants and construction materials from a naturalistic orientation, and how these relate to a human environment. 
Admission.
There are various requirements:
• Have completed secondary education, including the exams of the Ministry of Education of Costa Rica.
• Have completed the admission exam of the University of Costa Rica, and have obtained on the exam, the required score needed to make it into the field of study (the score varies from year to year).
• Pass the aptitude test from the School. 
Each year, about a 1000 students who obtained the minimum score on the admission exam of the university, can enroll to take the aptitude test. Approximately 70 pass it and are admitted to study architecture

</doc>
<doc id="20698721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698721" title="NIST Enterprise Architecture Model">
NIST Enterprise Architecture Model

NIST Enterprise Architecture Model (NIST EA Model) is a late-1980s reference model for enterprise architecture. It defines an enterprise architecture by the interrelationship between an enterprise's business, information, and technology environments.
Developed late-1980s by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and others, the federal government of the United States promoted this reference model in the 1990s as the foundation for enterprise architectures of individual U.S. government agencies and in the overall federal enterprise architecture.
Overview.
The NIST Enterprise Architecture Model is a five-layered model for enterprise architecture, designed for organizing, planning, and building an integrated set of information and information technology architectures. The five layers are defined separately but are interrelated and interwoven. The model defined the interrelation as follows: 
The hierarchy in the model is based on the notion that an organization operates a number of business functions, each function requires information from a number of source, and each of these sources may operation one or more operation systems, which in turn contain data organized and stored in any number of data systems.
History.
The NIST Enterprise Architecture Model is initiated in 1988 in the fifth workshop on Information Management Directions sponsored by the NIST in cooperation with the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the IEEE Computer Society, and the Federal Data Management Users Group (FEDMUG). The results of this research project were published as the NIST Special Publication 500-167, "Information Management Directions: The Integration Challenge".
The emerging field of information management.
With the proliferation of information technology starting in the 1970s, the job of information management had taken a new light, and also began to include the field of data maintenance. No longer was information management a simple job that could be performed by almost anyone. An understanding of the technology involved, and the theory behind it became necessary. As information storage shifted to electronic means, this became more and more difficult.
In this emerging field the NIST had held a series of four workshops on Database and Information Management Directions since the 1970s. Each of the workshops addresses a specific theme: 
The fifth workshop in 1989 was held by the National Computer Systems Laboratory (NCSL) of the NIST. By then this was one of the four institutes, that performed the technical work of the NIST. The specific goal of the NCSL was to conduct research and provide scientific and technical services to aid Federal agencies in the selection, acquisition, application, and use of computer technology.
NIST workshop on Information Management Directions.
The fifth Information Management Directions workshop focused on integration and productivity in information management. Five working groups considered specific aspects of the integration of knowledge, data management, systems planning, development and maintenance, computing environments, architectures and standards. Participants came from academia, industry, government and consulting firms. Among the 72 participants were Tom DeMarco, Ahmed K. Elmagarmid, Elizabeth N. Fong, Andrew U. Frank, Robert E. Fulton, Alan H. Goldfine, Dale L. Goodhue, Richard J. Mayer, Shamkant Navathe, T. William Olle, W. Bradford Rigdon, Judith A. Quillard, Stanley Y. W. Su, and John Zachman.
Tom DeMarco delivered the keynote speech, claiming that standards do more harm than good when they work against the prevailing culture, and that the essence of standardization is discovery, not innovation. The five working groups met to discuss different aspects of integration: 
In the third working group on systems planning was chaired by John Zachman, and adopted the Zachman Framework as a basis for discussion. 
The fifth working group on architectures and standards was chaired W. Bradford Rigdon of the McDonnell Douglas Information Systems Company (MDISC), a division of McDonnell Douglas. Rigdon et al. (1989) explained that discussions about architecture in that time mostly focus on technology concerns. Their aim was to "takes a broader view, and describes the need for an "enterprise architecture" that includes an emphasis on business and information requirements. These higher level issues impact data and technology architectures and decisions." In order to do so, the working group addressed three issues:
To illustrate the levels of architecture, what has become known as the NIST Enterprise Architecture Model, was presented.
Application in the 1990s.
In a way the NIST Enterprise Architecture Model was ahead of his time. According to Zachman (1993) in the 1980s the "architecture" was acknowledged as a topic of interest, but there was still little consolidated theory concerning this concept. Software architecture, for example. become an important topic not until the second half of the nineties.
To support the NIST Enterprise Architecture Model in the 1990s, it was widely promoted within the U.S. federal government as Enterprise Architecture management tool. The NIST Enterprise Architecture Model is applied as foundation in multiple Enterprise Architecture frameworks of U.S. Federal government agencies and in the overall Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework. In coordinating this effort the NIST model was further explained and extended in the 1997 "Memoranda 97-16 (Information Technology Architectures)" issued by the US Office of Management and Budget., see further Information Technology Architecture.
NIST Enterprise Architecture Model topics.
Foundations.
According to Rigdon et al. (1989) an architecture is "a clear representation of a conceptual framework of components and their relationship at a point in time". It may for example represent "a view of a current situation with islands of automation, redundant processes and data inconsistencies" or a "future integrated automation information structure towards which the enterprise will move in a prescribed number on years." The role of standards in architecture is to "enable or constrain the architecture and serve as its foundation".
In order to develop an enterprise architecture Rigdon acknowledge:
The different levels of an enterprise architecture can be visualized as a pyramid: On top the business unit of an enterprise, and at the bottom the delivery system within the enterprise. The enterprise can consist of one or more business units, working in specific business area. The five levels of architecture are defined as: Business Unit, Information, Information System, Data and Delivery System.
The separate levels of an enterprise architecture are interrelated in a special way. On every level the architectures assumes or dictates the architectures at the higher level. The illustration on the right gives an example of which elements can constitute an Enterprise Architecture.
Levels of architecture.
Each layer of architecture in the model has a specific intention:
A sample elements of how the Enterprise Architecture can be described in more detail is shown in the illustration.
Information Technology Architecture.
The "Memoranda 97-16 (Information Technology Architectures)" gave the following definition of enterprise architecture:
In this guidance the five component model of the NIST was adopted and further explained. Agencies were permitted to identify different components as appropriate and to specify the organizational level at which specific aspects of the components will be implemented. Although the substance of these components, sometimes called "architectures" or "sub-architectures," must be addressed in every agency's complete Enterprise Architecture, agencies have great flexibility in describing, combining, and renaming the components, which consist of:
With the exception of the Business Processes component, the interrelationships among and priorities of these components are not prescribed by this guidance; there is no hierarchy of relationships implied. Furthermore, agencies should document not only their current environment for each of these components, but also the target environment that is desired.
Applications.
The NIST Framework was picked up by several U.S. federal agencies and used as the basis for their information strategy. The reference model is applicated the following frameworks:

</doc>
<doc id="20698722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698722" title="John Austin (soldier)">
John Austin (soldier)

John Austin (March 17, 1801 — August 11, 1833) was a Texian settler, one of Stephen Austin's Old Three Hundred, and the Texian commander at the Battle of Velasco during the Anahuac Disturbances before Texas Revolution.
No or distant relation to the empresario Stephen Austin, John was born to John Punderson Austin and Susan Rogers Austin in New Haven, Connecticut. He initially also bore the middle name Punderson but apparently ceased using it, as it appears on none of his Texan records. John found work as a sailor and joined the Long expedition in New Orleans in 1819. Captured and imprisoned in Mexico, John later returned to Texas and joined Stephen Austin's colony, befriending him and becoming constable of his settlement at San Felipe de Austin. He was joined in Texas by his brother William.
Stephen provided the capital for John's cotton gin on Buffalo Bayou, and his brother James opened a store with John in Brazoria, Texas. Involved through his business with the coasting trade, John became the port officer in 1831 and alcalde for Brazoria the next year. He was also the delegate for Victoria at the Convention of 1832, signed the Turtle Bayou Resolutions, and following his command at Velasco was elected brigadier general of the Texian militia. 
John Austin died with his two children in a cholera epidemic at Gulf Prairie. His wife Elizabeth married Thomas Parrott in 1834, returning the upper half of John's Buffalo Bayou grant to his father. His father, arriving in Texas, also succumbed to cholera and died in 1834. The lower John Austin league was latter sold to John and Augustus Allen for the settlement which became Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20698749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698749" title="Lansallos">
Lansallos

Lansallos (, meaning "Salwed's church site") is a coastal hamlet and a civil parish in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated between Polruan and Polperro about 5 miles (8 km) east of Fowey and is in the Liskeard Registration District.
The parish is situated along the south coast of Cornwall and includes the other hamlets of Landaviddy and Raphael, as well as part of Polperro. It is bordered by the parishes of Looe to the east, Pelynt to the north and Lanteglos-by-Fowey to the west. The population in the 2001 census was 1,584.
History and notable buildings.
Lansallos is mentioned in the Domesday Book as the "manor of Lansalhas" and takes its name from a monastery dedicated to St Salwys: an ancient parish, nowadays it has an ecclesiastical Rector whose church is dedicated to St Ildierna, situated in the village of Lansallos at .
The parish church as it exists today was built in the 15th century and consists of a chancel, nave of six bays, north and south aisles (the north aisle is incomplete and ends with a pre-existing north transept wall), south porch and west tower. This building was preceded by a Norman church building and its rededication is recorded in 1321. William Worcester was told when at Fowey that the church contained the body of St Hyldren, the Bishop; however documentary evidence shows that the patron saint was female. The advowson was a rectory belonging to the Hywysche family whose mansion at "Rathwylle" (Raphael)) had a chapel, mentioned in 1332. The features of interest include the good carved wagon roofs, the square Norman font ornamented with a "tree of life", the 16th century benches and bench ends, of which there are 34, and the Jacobean vestment cupboards. There is a slate slab commemorating Margaret Smith (died 1579), the work of Peter Crocker.

</doc>
<doc id="20698750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698750" title="Spearhead Glacier">
Spearhead Glacier

The Spearhead Glacier is the largest glacier on the Spearhead Range, located on the opposite, northeast side of that range from the resort town of Whistler, British Columbia, Canada, and is serviced in part by the lift system of the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort. The glacier's apex is at the peak known as The Spearhead, which also lies at the head of the Blackcomb Glacier. 

</doc>
<doc id="20698768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698768" title="Burr, Egan, Deleage &amp; Co.">
Burr, Egan, Deleage &amp; Co.

Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. (BEDCO) was a venture capital firm which focused on investments in information technology, communications, and healthcare/biotechnology companies.
BEDCO was one of the first venture capital firm to set up a bi-coastal operation with a presence in both Boston, Massachusetts and Silicon Valley in California.
The firm was founded in 1979 and dissolved in 1996, with Alta Partners and Alta Communications assuming management responsibility for certain existing investments. Other successor firms include Polaris Venture Partners and Alta Berkeley.
History.
The firm was founded in 1979 by Craig Burr, William P. Egan, and Dr. Jean Deleage, Ph.D. Burr and Egan had worked together at the pioneering private equity firm TA Associates. Deleage had come from Sofinnova Partners, a venture capital firm in France that he had co-founded in 1971. In 1976, Deleage had founded Sofinnova’s US affiliate, based in San Francisco. At its zenith the company managed over $700 million in assets and today is the direct predecessor of four venture capital firms with aggregate capital in excess of $5.7 billion: 
Among BEDCO’s most notable investments were Continental Cablevision with H. Irving Grousbeck, Qwest with Philip Anschutz, Cephalon, American Superconductor and SyQuest Technology.
Investment funds.
From its founding in 1979 through its dissolution in 1996, BEDCO raised more than a dozen venture capital funds with total investor commitments of approximately $700 million.
" Source: Preqin "
Successor firms.
Polaris Venture Partners.
Polaris Venture Partners was the first of four successors to BEDCO. One of the contributing factors in the dissolution was the departure of three of BEDCO’s junior partners, Jon Flint, Terry McGuire, Steve Arnold (Venture Capitalist). The three founders, left BEDCO in 1995 and began raising their first independent venture capital fund. Today, Polaris Venture Partners is a venture capital firm specializing in seed and early stage investments particularly in companies engaged in the information technology and life sciences sectors. Polaris is based in Waltham, Massachusetts with an additional office in Seattle, Washington.
Since 1995, Polaris has raised five venture capital funds with over $2.6 billion of investor commitments. To date, all of the Polaris funds have been above average performers for their respective vintage years. Polaris Venture Partners V, which was closed in 2006, raised $1 billion of investor commitments.
Alta Partners.
Alta Partners was founded by BEDCO co-founder Dr. Jean Deleage, Ph.D., along with Garrett Gruener, a former partner at BEDCO. Today, the firm, which is based in San Francisco, invests in biotechnology and life science companies and has made over 130 investments since its separation from BEDCO.
Since 1996, Alta has raised eight venture capital funds including four funds in its Alta California Funds series, three funds in its Alta Biopharma Partners series and most recently in 2006, Alta raised Alta Partners VIII with $500 million of investor commitments
Alta Communications.
Alta Communications was founded by BEDCO co-founders Craig Burr and William P. Egan. Today the firm, which is based in Waltham, Massachusetts (just outside Boston), invests primarily in later-stage opportunities in the traditional media and telecommunications sectors.
Since 1996, Alta Communications has raised four venture capital funds with over $1.4 billion of investor commitments.
Alta Berkeley.
Alta Berkeley was formed from BEDCO’s European operations. In 1982, Bryan Wood, who had been working in corporate finance in Britain, partnered with BEDCO to establish a presence in Europe. Today, Alta Berkeley makes early stage investments in technology companies based in Europe and Israel. Alta Berkeley's sixth and most recent fund raised approximately $145 million of investor commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="20698789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698789" title="Walker and Williams in Dahomey">
Walker and Williams in Dahomey

Walker and Williams in Dahomey (1903-5) was a black musical written by George Walker and Egbert "Bert" Williams as a satire on the American Colonization Society's back-to-Africa movement.
Walker and Williams.
Walker and Williams first met in 1893 in San Francisco, United States, and formed a vaudeville act. 
Walker and Williams played in various kinds of road shows around 1893 and in 1896...
"Walker and Williams in Dahomey" was the first black minstrel to have been performed at Shaftesbury's in London.
References.
Southern, Eileen. The Music of Black Americans: A History, 3rd Edition. 1997, W.W. Norton & Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20698791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698791" title="Junta de Administración Portuaria y de Desarrollo Económico de la Vertiente Atlántica de Costa Rica">
Junta de Administración Portuaria y de Desarrollo Económico de la Vertiente Atlántica de Costa Rica

The Junta de Administración Portuaria y de Desarrollo Económico de la Vertiente Atlántica de Costa Rica (JAPDEVA) is the Board of Port Administration and Economic Development of the Atlantic Coast of Costa Rica. It was established in 1963 as an autonomous entity of the State in order to ensure the maintenance of the canals of the northern province of Limon (Tortuguero and Barra del Colorado) and monitor government contracts with regard to ports and railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20698805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698805" title="School's Out and Other Hits">
School's Out and Other Hits

"School's Out and Other Hits" is a 2004 greatest hits album by Alice Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="20698821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698821" title="Princely State of Mysore">
Princely State of Mysore

The Princely State of Mysore was a princely state of the British Empire in India. The state was created by the East India Company in 1799, after the latter's victory in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War, and existed until 1947, when it acceded to the newly independent Union of India. The princely state was carved out of the much larger Kingdom of Mysore that had been ruled, between 1761 and 1799, by the Muslim Sultans Haidar Ali and Tipu Sultan. After the Company had annexed southern and coastal regions of the Kingdom to the Madras Presidency of British India and handed over northeastern regions to Hyderabad State, the land-locked interior region was turned into a princely state under the suzerainty of the British Crown. The former Hindu Wodeyar rulers were reinstated as puppet monarchs, now styled as "Maharajas", in the person of the five-year old child Krishnaraja Wodeyar III.

</doc>
<doc id="20698839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698839" title="Thomas Höller">
Thomas Höller

Thomas Höller (born June 2, 1976) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for SV Bad Aussee.

</doc>
<doc id="20698857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698857" title="Season of Love (song)">
Season of Love (song)

"Season of love" is Mai Kuraki's twenty-sixth single, released on February 14, 2007. It is her first collaboration with Aika Ohno and Cybersound since "Time After Time (Hana Mau Machi de)", nearly 4 years ago. "Season of Lve" was Kuraki's last single under Giza Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20698859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698859" title="Lorenzini">
Lorenzini

Lorenzini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surnaem include:

</doc>
<doc id="20698873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698873" title="Henry Rushbury">
Henry Rushbury

Sir Henry George "Harry" Rushbury (October 28, 1889 – July 5, 1968) was an English painter and etcher.
Born the son of a clerk in Harborne, then on the outskirts of Birmingham, Rushbury studied on a scholarship under Robert Catterson Smith at the Birmingham School of Art from the age of thirteen. He worked as an assistant to Henry Payne chiefly as a stained-glass artist, until 1912, when he moved to London, where he shared lodgings with fellow Birmingham student, Gerald Brockhurst.
Rushbury was an official war artist during World War I, and took up etching and drypoint under the influence of Francis Dodd before studying briefly under Henry Tonks at the Slade School of Art in 1921.
He was elected a member of the New English Art Club in 1917, the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers in 1921, the Royal Society of Painters in Water Colours in 1922, and the Royal Academy in 1936. In 1940 he was again appointed an official war artist until 1945. In 1949, he was elected Keeper of the Royal Academy and Head of the Royal Academy Schools, a post he held until 1964.
References.
3 Henry Rushbury: Prints, A catalogue Resonne. Published by The Royal Academy 2010 by Tod Ramos, Julia Rushbury, and Felicity Owen.

</doc>
<doc id="20698886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698886" title="Kojima (Hokkaido)">
Kojima (Hokkaido)

Ko Island has an area of . It is an andesitic stratovolcano. The peak consists of non-alkali mafic rocks, dating from the Early Pleistocene overtop of non-alkali felsic rocks from the Late Miocene-Pliocene.
Several smaller islets surround Ko Island, including Daihiyakushima, Shohiyakushima, Tenjinshima, and Sazaeshima.
To provide refuge for fishing vessels, a small harbor has been put in place.
Flora and fauna.
Ko Island has been designated a natural monument. It is a breeding ground for Common Guillemot, Japanese Cormorant, and Black-tailed Gull.
The predominant vegetation on the island is grasses, but there are stands of Acer pictum subsp. mono at in the caldera.

</doc>
<doc id="20698907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698907" title="Oat Hills (Colusa County)">
Oat Hills (Colusa County)

The Oat Hills are a mountain range in Colusa County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20698908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698908" title="Marginella mosaica">
Marginella mosaica

Marginella mosaica, commonly known as the mosaic marginella, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20698917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698917" title="Oat Hills (Mariposa County)">
Oat Hills (Mariposa County)

The Oat Hills are a mountain range in Mariposa County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20698920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698920" title="Alta Communications">
Alta Communications

Alta Communications is a Boston-based private equity firm specializing in equity investments in media and telecommunications companies. 
Their equity funds are invested in about 100 companies with total market capitalization approximately $1.5 billion.
Alta Communications is no longer related to Alta Partners, based in San Francisco.
History.
Alta Communications was formed in late 1996 as part of the dissolution of Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. (BEDCO), an early venture capital firm that had been founded in 1979.
The firm was founded by Craig Burr and William P. Egan who also co-founded Alta’s predecessor firm, Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co., in 1979. Alta traces its origins to TA Associates, where Burr and Egan were formerly partners. 
Investment strategy and funds.
Alta Communications invests primarily in later-stage opportunities in the traditional media and telecommunications sectors and has a portfolio of investments in the following sectors:
Since its founding in 1996, Alta Communications has raised four venture capital funds focusing on late stage opportunities with nearly $1.5 billion of investor commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="20698929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698929" title="Oat Hills (San Diego County)">
Oat Hills (San Diego County)

The Oat Hills are a low mountain range in San Diego County, California.
The Oat Hills are to the west of the Laguna Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20698931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698931" title="Instituto Nacional de Biodiversidad">
Instituto Nacional de Biodiversidad

The Instituto Nacional de Biodiversidad (INBio) is the national institute for biodiversity and conservation in Costa Rica. Created at the end of the 1980s, and despite having national status, it is a privately run institution that works closely with various government agencies, universities, business sector and other public and private entities inside and outside of the country. The goals of the institute are to complete an inventory of the natural heritage of Costa Rica, promote conservation and identify chemical compounds and genetic material present in living organisms that could be used by industries such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics or others. 
The institute has a collection of over three million insects representing tens of thousands of species all recorded in Atta, a computer database that contains all of the data such as exact location (including GPS coordinates), date of collection, name of the collector and method of collection.
History.
Costa Rica decided in 1989 that some sort of organization was necessary to study the biodiversity of Costa Rica. The government did not have the ability at the time to fund a new organization so a handful of scientists and entrepreneurs took the initiative and created the non-profit organization now known as INBio. Among the founders of the institution was Rodrigo Gámez, a remarkable and well known Costa Rican scientist who has a strong desire for teaching people about the importance of biodiversity and its conservation. He received the MAGÓN award (Premio Nacional de Cultura Magón) in 2012, which is an award of great importance that is given every year to someone who has contributed to Costa Rica, in this case related to science. In that same year he received an international award known as the MIDORI prize, given to him in Japan, by a Japanese institution; he has also received a great number of other awards in the past. Rodrigo Gámez is still president at the institution.
In 1995 INBio was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award for Technical and Scientific Research.
Structure.
There are many different components to INBio such as Bio-prospecting, INBioparque, INBio editorial, and the many different research areas such as arthropods, fungi, and plants. Bio-prospecting is the division dealing with finding useful products from the specimens collected. INBio has worked with organizations such as Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst. INBioparque is a natural park in Santo Domingo, Heredia, just 85 km north/east of downtown San Jose in Costa Rica. The research programs vary from studying the Oonopidae family of spiders to compiling a book with all of the genera of known and described flies in Central America. Such a project has never been done in a tropical place with such a large biodiversity.
Areas of activity.
The Institute's work has chiefly developed in the following areas:
Inventory and monitoring: Generating information on the diversity of the country's species and ecosystems. It currently owns a collection of more than 3 million specimens, each identified and cataloged, including arthropods, plants, fungi and mollusks. Furthermore, information on the country's different ecosystems is generated.
Conservation: Integrating the information generated by INBio into decision-making processes for the protection and sustainable use of its biodiversity, for both the public and private sectors. INBio works closely with SINAC (Sistema de Áreas de Conservación; Conservation Areas System), being considered a strategic partner in the protection of the country's protected areas.
Communication and education: Sharing information and understanding of biodiversity with different sectors of the public, seeking to create a wider knowledge of its value. Most of this effort is centered in the INBiopark, a theme-park opened in 2000 which aims to bring families and visitors closer to the rich Costa Rican nature. Furthermore, through other methods INBio looks to strengthen the environmental component of the Costa Rican population's actions and decisions.
Bioinformatics: Developing and applying technological tools to support the process of generation, administration, analysis and dissemination of information on biodiversity. The information on each specimen in the biodiversity inventory can be found in a database named Atta, accessible to the public through INBio's webpage.
Bioprospecting: Searching for sustainable, commercially applicable uses of the resources of biodiversity. INBio has been a pioneering institution in establishing research agreements for the search for chemical substances, genes, etc., present in plants, insects, marine organisms and microorganisms, which could be used by the pharmaceutical, medical, biotechnology, cosmetics, nutritional and agricultural industries. INBio, although it is a national initiative given its scope, has become an international force for trying to integrate conservation and development. The application of scientific knowledge of biodiversity to economic activities such as ecotourism, medicine, agriculture or the development of mechanisms of collection and payment for environmental services exemplify this force for integration, and are part of the activities which attract the attention of the international community.

</doc>
<doc id="20698959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698959" title="Oat Hills (Yuba County)">
Oat Hills (Yuba County)

The Oat Hills are a mountain range in Yuba County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20698967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698967" title="Don Gwinn">
Don Gwinn

Donald "Don" S. Gwinn (November 6, 1902 – June 3, 1961) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Woodsfield, Ohio.
In 1928 he finished fifth in the hammer throw event.

</doc>
<doc id="20698986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20698986" title="Sistema de Información de la Población Objetivo">
Sistema de Información de la Población Objetivo

The Sistema de Información de la Población Objetivo (SIPO) is a social registry used by the Joint Social Welfare Institute of Costa Rica, in order to identify, characterize, sort, classify and select the population of Costa Rica in poverty and extreme poverty. Its function ensures that the institutional resources effectively reaches the most vulnerable groups of Costa Rican society.
It works as an information tool for communities to develop projects and most importantly, enables government institutions to use it to implement programs to benefit the target population.
The information is obtained through the Social Information Sheet (FIS) which contains a set of variables, grouped into 10 sections. To collect this information from the FIS, the visit is a prerequisite to housing and can register up to four families in the same tab. It applies as demand for services of the beneficiaries of social programs or in accordance with the requirements of social sector institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20699001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699001" title="Oat Hills">
Oat Hills

Oat Hills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20699026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699026" title="Ogilby Hills">
Ogilby Hills

The Ogilby Hills are a mountain range in Imperial County, California.
They are in the Lower Colorado River Valley and the Colorado Desert, near the Colorado River in the Cibola National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="20699033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699033" title="Colga F.C.">
Colga F.C.

Introduction.
Colga F.C. is a football club from Kilcolgan, Ireland, which was founded in 1996.
Colga currently competes in the Galway & District League Premier League after winning the Galway & District League First Division in 2008/2009 season.
Colga F.C. was formed in March 1996, and officially opened in June 1996. It commenced competing in the 1996- 1997 season, and has competed in every season since at various levels.
They currently have close to 500 players, including adult and under-age teams, for both boys and girls alike, competing at all levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20699038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699038" title="Old Dad Mountains">
Old Dad Mountains

The Old Dad Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
The range is named for Joseph "Old Dad" Wallace, a rail worker turned prospector from nearby Kelso. Accused of the murder of his fiancee, he left town and supported himself through mining the mountain range with his team of donkeys.

</doc>
<doc id="20699051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699051" title="Huehuetoca">
Huehuetoca

Huehuetoca is a "municipio" (municipality) in Mexico State, central Mexico, and also the name of its largest locality and municipal seat.
Name origins.
The name "Huehuetoca" is derived from the Nahuatl "huehuetocan", which has several interpretations. The reduplicated stem "huēhue-" carries the meaning "old" or "ancient", but the etymology of the remainder is debated. Some sources interpret "tocan" as “followed” or “language.”
The town.
The town originated with the migration of a Chichimeca group led by Mixcóatl into the area around 528 CE. The settlement was conquered by a number of people. The original Huehuetocan village was destroyed by the Otomi from Xaltocan. These Otomi were then vanquished by the Huexotzincas, the Tlaxcaltecas, the Totomihuacas from Cholollan and the Cuauhtinchantlaca from Tepeyac. With each wave of conquest, the village became part of a larger political system. The last native people to control the village were the Tecpanecas.
After the Conquest of Mexico by the Spanish, Huehuetoca, along with Cuautitlán, Zumpango and Xaltocán were given to the conquistador Alonso de Avila as an encomienda, or as a sort of feudal territory. The area was evangelized by the Franciscans based in Cuautitlán, and it is thought that the first church was founded by Friar Pedro de Gante. By the mid-1500s, Huehuetoca and thirteen other nearby villages were managed by a secular authority, against the wishes of the local Indians. At the beginning of the 16th century, Huehuetoca was chosen as the site of one of the first drainage projects for the Valley of Mexico. Beginning in 1607, engineer Enrico Martínez, persuaded the Spanish vice-regal authorities of the need to build a canal to drain and divert the waters of the Valley. The project initially attracted the attention of notable engineers, artists and political figures including the viceroy, Luis de Velasco II, himself. The complete project took around 200 years to complete.
In 1816, during the Mexican War of Independence, resident Pedro Saldirna was accused of heading a rebel group by the local priest. However, Saldirna was not prosecuted. Haciendas near the town were sacked during the Mexican Revolution by Zapatistas.
The Cuautitlán River crosses just north of the town and flows into the canal built for drainage of the Valley of Mexico. This river/canal is also called the Nochistongo, named after an old village that was located in what is now the State of Hidalgo.
The town was also a stop on the Mexico City - Nuevo Laredo rail line that was inaugurated in 1888 by the National Mexican Construction Company (Compañía Constructora Nacional Mexicana) and later run by the Mexican National Railroad Company (Compañía del Camino de Fierro Nacional Mexicana). This rail line was widened here between 1901 and 1903 to also serve as a link north for Toluca and other central-Mexico localities.
The town contains a number of historical sites including the Parish of San Pablo, dating from the 16th and 17th centuries, The Viceroy Luis de Velasco House, also known as the House of the Viceroys, from the 18th century. This house served as a residence for the viceroys when they came to visit and monitor the Nochistongo drainage project. Other sites include the Chapel of El Calvario, from the 19th and 20th centuries, the Bridge of El Calvario, from the 19th century, the Bridge of los Arcos del Acueducto, from the 19th century and Temple of San Miguel Jagüeyes, from the 18th century.
The municipality.
The municipality borders the municipalities of Tepotzotlán, Zumpango, Tequixquiac and Coyotepec of the State of Mexico. The State of Hidalgo borders to the northwest. It occupies a territory of 161.98km2. The territory contains a number of eroding volcanic cones, most of which belong to the Sierra de Guadalupe and the Sierra de Tepotzotlán. Significant elevations include Mount Cincoque, also known as Mount Huautecomaque (2,630 meters), the Cerro Grande Guaytepeque, also known as Cerro de la Estrella (2,700 meters), the Cerro de Ahumada, also known as the Mesa Grande, (2,580 meters) and the Cerro de Guaytepeque (2,250 meters). The area’s main river is the Cuautitlán River. Because of the drainage project of the 17th century, this river now leads to the Tula River in Hidalgo, instead of the Valley of Mexico. The municipality contains two large dams to store wáter for agricultural use, 16 streams, most of which contain wáter only in the rainy season, and 15 ponds or small lakes. The two largest are called the San Miguel de los Jagüeyes and the Jagüey Prieto. The area has a rainy season during the months of June to October and a dry season from November to May. During the year, temperaturas range from 6.9°C in the Winter and 23.8°C in the summer, with an average of 15.4°C.
The municipality is primarily agricultural, with fields dedicated to corn, alfalfa and vegetables. Sheep and goats are also raised here, with zebu being recently introduced.
The municipality is growing rapidly, mostly because it is located in the Mexico City Metropolitan area. The operators of the Tren Suburbano, the commuter rail that connects the northern suburbs with Mexico City has expressed interest in building a branch that will lead to Huehuetoca. In late 2008, the housing developer ARA, announced plans to build 26,000 homes in the municipality over the next several years.

</doc>
<doc id="20699066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699066" title="Tribunal Supremo de Elecciones de Costa Rica">
Tribunal Supremo de Elecciones de Costa Rica

The Tribunal Supremo de Elecciones de Costa Rica is the supreme electoral authority of the Republic of Costa Rica. It was founded in 1949, when it enacted the present Constitution of the nation. The Supreme Electoral Court is the Constitutional authority of all electoral matters of Costa Rica and therefore responsible for the organization, direction and supervision of acts relating to suffrage. The tribunal has an element of independence in performing its duties.

</doc>
<doc id="20699070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699070" title="Milly Reuter">
Milly Reuter

Mathilde ("Milly") Emilie Reuter (1 October 1904 - 30 April 1976) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 she finished fourth in the discus throw event.

</doc>
<doc id="20699097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699097" title="St. Mary's Episcopal Church (Woodlawn, Maryland)">
St. Mary's Episcopal Church (Woodlawn, Maryland)

St. Mary's Episcopal Church, also known as the Church of St. Mary the Virgin, is an historic rectangular-shaped Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church located at 5610 Dogwood Road in Woodlawn, Baltimore County, Maryland. Designed by the Baltimore architectural firm of Dixon and Carson, it was built in 1873. Its steeply pitched gable roof, board and batten siding, lancet windows and arched side entry way are all typical features of Carpenter Gothic churches.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20699108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699108" title="Treasury Information System Architecture Framework">
Treasury Information System Architecture Framework

The Treasury Information System Architecture Framework (TISAF) is an early 1990s Enterprise Architecture framework to assist US Treasury Bureaus to develop their Enterprise Information System Architectures (EISAs).
The TISAF was developed by the US Department of the Treasury in 1997, and let to the development of the Treasury Enterprise Architecture Framework, released in 2000. The TEAF represents the second-generation framework for Treasury. TISAF was the first-generation framework.
Overview.
The Treasury Information System Architecture Framework (TISAF) consists of a list of goals and objectives for planning Treasury information technology a set of architectural principles for developing information systems, an EISA model for describing distinct views of enterprise information systems, and a set of standards for guiding specific product selection.
The EISA model provides four architectural views to organize, plan, and build enterprise information systems, consisting of the Information, Functional, and Work architectures and the Infrastructure.
History.
TISAF incorporated elements from the C4ISR Architecture Framework, which was developed by the Mitre Corporation from 1994 on. In January 1997, US Department of the Treasury issued TISAF Version 1, consisting of three volumes: 
In July 1997, the Treasury issued additional guidance to complement Treasury Information System Architecture Framework (TISAF). This guidance, which was finalized in September 1997, provides “how to” processes for developing an information systems architecture in accordance with TISAF. In 1989 US congress granted $200,000 for the department-wide implementation of the Treasury Information System Architecture Framework.
Further developments in the US Department of the Treasury let to the development of the Treasury Enterprise Architecture Framework, first published in July 2000. The TEAF represents a revision to TISAF and incorporated elements of FEAF. It was the result of an evaluation of Department and bureau experiences in applying and using the TISAF, and emerging best practices from other government organizations and industry.
TEAF is intended to emphasize the broader scope of the architecture framework, which includes both business and technical vantage points within an enterprise-wide perspective. The TEAF includes descriptions of a common suite of work products for documenting and modeling EAs. These work products align with FEAF models and with Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF) products.
TISAF building blocks.
Departmentwide architecture framework.
According to TISAF, a complete architecture has the following four components, each representing a different perspective or view of the agency:
TISAF’s functional, work, and information components together form the logical view of the architecture, while its infrastructure represents the technical view of the architecture.
Top-down approach.
To develop and evolve systems that effectively support business functions, a top-down process must be followed. The logical architecture (e.g., business functions and information flows) is defined first and then used to specify supporting systems (e.g., interfaces, standards, and protocols).
Treasury endorses this top-down approach. Treasury officials responsible for developing and implementing TISAF stated that development of the architecture begins with defining and describing the agency’s major business functions. Once this is accomplished, the agency can identify the relationships among the functions, the information needed to perform the functions, the users and locations of the functions, and the existing and needed applications and related information technology required to execute and support the business functions. According to Treasury guidance, the architecture’s infrastructure component (i.e., its systems
specifications and standards) should be derived from the other three components. In addition, the guidance states that each element of the architecture must be integrated and traceable, and the relationships between them must be explicit.
TISAF Architecture.
The Information Architecture is the "what" of information systems which defines and organizes all information needed to perform business operations and describes the relationships among this information. The Functional Architecture is the "how" of information systems which defines and organizes the business functions, processes, or activities that capture, manipulate, and manage the business information to support business operations.
The Work Architecture is the "where" of information systems which depicts the decentralization of the business, the description of the work organizations to business locations, and the communications and coordination between these locations. 
The Infrastructure is the "enabler" of information systems which describes the supporting services, computing platforms, and internal and external interfaces needed to provide technology environments within which information systems run.
To provide a context for discussing technical standards, a Technical Reference Model (TRM) is developed to organize and depict building blocks of an information system as a set of services categorized by functional areas.
TISAF 1997 to TEAF 2000.
Key changes from TISAF 1997 to Treasury Enterprise Architecture Framework (TEAF) 2000 are summarized below:

</doc>
<doc id="20699111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699111" title="Liesl Perkaus">
Liesl Perkaus

Elisabeth "Liesl" Perkaus (later "Richter", May 24, 1905 – January 27, 1987) was an Austrian track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 she finished sixth in the discus throw event.

</doc>
<doc id="20699118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699118" title="Kilpauk Medical College">
Kilpauk Medical College

Introduction.
Kilpauk Medical College (KMC) is one of the premier government medical instituitions in India. Founded in 1960, the college has been instrumental in producing many world renowned doctors. There are 2 busy hospitals affiliated with the KMC - Government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital and Government Royapettah Hospital.
History.
Government Kilpauk Medical College and History of its existence
1925 - In response to the feeling of Nationalism and keeping alive the ancient systems of indigenous medicine the school of Indian medicine was started. The degree conferred at this institution was L.I.M.
1947 In accordance to the recommendations of the Usman Committee, Chopra Committee and the Pundit Committee of Government of Madras and Government of India, the character of the institute was changed, upgraded and named as College of Indian Medicine. The College gave the degree as G.C.I.M. 
1948 The College was again renamed as College of Indigenous Medicine and one of the three systems of Indigenous Medicine, Ayurvedha-Siddha-Unani, should be chosen by each candidate who joins GCIM and Allopathic Medicine was common to all. 
1953 The College was renamed as the College of Integrated Medicine. The course was shortened to 4.5 years and one year of compulsory house- surgeoncy on par with MBBS course. Government ensured that the GCIM graduates could practice both the systems of Medicine. In 1959 the lst batch of GCIM students were admitted and in 1960 the College of Indigenous Medicine was closed.
1960 The Integrated Medicine Course (MBBS DEGREE) was started. The first and second year GCIM students were given the option of joining the MBBS course, while the senior students were offered the D.M&S on completion of the course and bringing them into the Allopathic fold.
1965 The College was recognised as Women Medical College and named as Government Kilpauk Medical College, admitting only women candidates for MBBS degree. Meanwhile, those who have completed GCIM, D.M&S were given the option to undertake condensed MBBS course at the Chengalpattu Medical College to obtain the MBBS degree and come into the fold of Modern Medicine.
1967 The women students agitated to have a co- educational institution and the erstwhile Government of Madras granted permission and both men and women were admitted to MBBS degree from 1967. 
1972 Development of the Medical College is set into pace with the Surgical Block coming into being. Later all the different super-specialities came into being between 1972 and 2001 and stands in its glory to-day. 
1981 Intensive Care Unit was sanctioned with 10 beds and was commissioned in June 1981 by Hon.Dr.H.V.Hande, the Minister for Health, Government of Tamil Nadu. 50 beded comprehensive Burn unit was sanctioned on the I floor of the out-Patient Block and was commissioned in March 1985 by Hon.Dr.H.V.Hande, then Minister for Health under the Presidency of Dr.Mrs.Lalitha Kameswaran, then Director of Medical Education. 
1984 Department of Cardiology was sanctioned with Prof.S.Thanikachalam as its Chief.
1987 Department of Nephrology was sanctioned and commissioned in July 1987 with Prof.C.M.Thiagarajan as its Chief.
1988 Department of Surgical Gastroenterology was sanctioned with Prof.Srikumari Damaodharan as its Chief.
Affiliation.
The college is affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr. MGR medical university [http://www.tnmmu.ac.in]
Admissions.
Admissions to the Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery (MBBS) and the Post-graduate (MD, MS, other diplomas and other higher specialties) are through the Tamil Nadu state quota (for e.g.: 85% of seats in the MBBS program) and through the National/ Central quota (for e.g.: 15% of seats in the MBBS program). Reservations of seats and reduced tuition fees are available to the underserved communities in both the quotas. Admissions are open only to Indian citizens and are highly competitive.
MBBS Program.
Approximately, the MBBS program has 150 seats of student intake per year.
It consists of 85% of total number of seats; filled by the Directorate of Medical Education under the state Government of Tamil Nadu.
It consists of 15% of total number of seats of student intake per year.
The National level entrance exam is the All India PreMedical PreDental Examination (AI PM/ PD test) which is conducted by CBSE. The seats under the Central quota are filled on the basis of the scores and ranking by the AI PM/ PD test alone and do not take into consideration the High school final exam scores.
Post Graduate Programs.
The seats in the different Post-graduate programs (Diploma and Degree programs) are filled by:
Several seats (about 50% of the state quota seats) are also reserved for the Physicians in the Tamil Nadu Government service.
DETAILS OF DIPLOMA, POSTGRADUATE DEGREE AND HIGHER SPECIALITY COURSES
P.G. DIPLOMA COURSE
1 Diploma in Obstetrics & Gynaecology
2 Diploma in Child Health
3 Diploma in Oto-RhinoLaryngology
4 Diploma in Anaesthesia
5 Diploma in Orthopaedics
6 Diploma in Clinical Pathology
P.G. DEGREE COURSE
1 M.D.General Medicine
2 M.D.Pathology
3 M.D.Microbiology
4 M.D.Obstetrics & Gynaecology
5 M.D. Physiology
6 M.D.Paediatrics
7 M.D.Anaesthesiology
8 M.S.General Surgery
9 M.S. E.N.T.
10 M.S.Ortho 12 M.D.Comunity medicine
P.G. HIGHER SPECIALITY DEGREE COURSE
1 D.M. Gastroenterology
2 D.M. Nephrology
3 M.Ch. Urology
4 M.Ch. Plastic Surgery
5 M.Ch. Surgical Oncology
Classes (with year of entry).
Every class of MBBS students has assigned to itself an (unofficial) name denoting the year of their entry into the medical school.
The recent batches are:
Pradharshini.
The annual inter-collegiate cultural event hosted by Kilpauk Medical College is called Pradharshini. The word 'Pradharshini' means 'exhibition' in Sanskrit. The event has been held every year for over 25 years now. It draws huge crowds and is deemed one of the best cultural festivals in Tamil Nadu. It was described as 'A Saarang+' by The Hindu.

</doc>
<doc id="20699123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699123" title="Marginella rosea">
Marginella rosea

Marginella rosea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20699127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699127" title="Carrie Kei Heim">
Carrie Kei Heim

Carrie Kei Heim (born December 7, 1973) is an attorney and former child actress currently working in Boston.
Personal life.
Education.
Heim is a 1994 graduate of Vassar College with a B.A. in French, and a 1996 graduate of Hunter College with an additional B.A. in English and Theater. In 2001, Heim received a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania law school and was an editor of the Law Review.
Heim has worked as a clerk for Jeffrey R. Howard of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit and as a litigation associate for the law firms Cravath, Swaine & Moore and Mintz Levin.
Heim is now a novelist, and is currently represented by Jessica Faust at BookEnds Literary Agency.
Family.
On May 21, 2005, Heim married Peter K. Binas and currently has one child, a daughter born April 12, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20699132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699132" title="Eva Habil">
Eva Habil

Eva Habil (إيفا هابيل in Arabic) is the elected mayor of Komboha and member of the PDN. She is the first woman mayor in Egypt. She is a Christian (Coptic) lawyer and single-mother.
She beat five male candidates, including her brother. Her father had been mayor of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20699142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699142" title="John Walpole">
John Walpole

Colonel John Walpole (17 November 1787 – 10 December 1859) was a soldier and diplomat, a younger son of Horatio Walpole, 2nd Earl of Orford.
He served with the Guards during the Peninsular War, and was wounded at the Siege of Burgos. He was Member of Parliament for King's Lynn from 1822 to 1831. Walpole served as private secretary to Lord Palmerston from November 1830 to August 1833, when he was appointed British Consul-General and Plentipotentiary at Santiago in Chile. Walpole was promoted to Chargé d'affaires in May 1841, and retired in March 1849.

</doc>
<doc id="20699150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699150" title="Arinos River">
Arinos River


</doc>
<doc id="20699154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699154" title="A Baby Changes Everything">
A Baby Changes Everything

"A Baby Changes Everything" is a song by American country singer Faith Hill. It was the first single released from her album "Joy to the World". It was her thirteenth single release to AC radio, and in late 2008, the song spent three weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart.
Content.
The song is the tale of a pregnant teenage girl faced with the uncertainty of her future and coming to terms with the fact that her life is about to change. In the bridge of the song, it is revealed that the teenaged girl and baby in question are in fact the virgin Mary and Jesus Christ.
Chart performance.
"A Baby Changes Everything" debuted at No. 24 on the "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks for the week of November 29, 2008. After spending only four weeks on the chart, the song became her fourth number-one single on that chart.
The song then debuted at No. 57 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of December 13, 2008. After five weeks on the country chart, the song peaked at No. 36, giving Hill her thirty-fifth Top 40 single on the country chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20699160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699160" title="HSA tax documents">
HSA tax documents

The IRS requires all Health Savings Account (HSA) account holders file IRS form 8889 with their tax return. In addition the HSA administrator is required to send all HSA account holders, and file forms 1099SA and 5498SA with the IRS each year. 1099SA's are issued in January summarizing the prior years HSA distributions (qualified or not) and 5498SA's are issued in May of each year summarizing total HSA contributions for the prior year. April 15 is the last day to contribute to an HSA for the prior year.

</doc>
<doc id="20699165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699165" title="Maybelle Reichardt">
Maybelle Reichardt

Maybelle Reichardt (later "Hopkins", May 27, 1907 – November 4, 1999) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Los Angeles and died in Pasadena, California.
In 1928 she finished seventh in the qualification of the discus throw event.

</doc>
<doc id="20699177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699177" title="St. Thomas Church (Owings Mills, Maryland)">
St. Thomas Church (Owings Mills, Maryland)

St. Thomas Church is a historic Episcopal church in Owings Mills, Baltimore County, Maryland. 
It was authorized in 1742 by the then Province of Maryland to provide a Chapel of Ease for early inhabitants of the Garrison Forest.
History.
It was authorized in 1742 by the Province of Maryland to provide a "Chapel of Ease" for early inhabitants of the Garrison Forest. Rev. Thomas Craddock was appointed first minister on January 14, 1745.
On April 13, 1782, The Rev. John Andrews returned to Maryland from York, Pennsylvania to become rector of the church, known at the time as St. Thomas Church in Garrison Forest, a position he held until 1784. Early members included, Christopher Gist, John Eager Howard (for whom the nearby Howard County is named), Sequoyah, and his mother, Wut-teh.
Architecture.
The original building, built in 1743 of salmon red brick, was a 56 x 36 foot (17 x 11m) rectangle. Eight windows with round arch tops lighted the building, four on each of the long walls. These retain much of their original 1743 glass. There were also three similar windows on the short liturgical west wall and a small window near the peak of the roof. (The building sits on an angle, so that liturgical west is actually southwest.) The entrance was in the liturgical south wall. It had a wide, brick paved, center aisle and white box pews, both of which remain.
In the late 19th century, the door in the south wall was removed and an entrance created by removing the center window from the west wall. In 1891 transepts and a small, barrel shaped, chancel were added, changing the simple rectangle into a cruciform. There are lancet windows in the east end, one created by John LaFarge depicting the Ascension. A Tiffany window was added later. The transepts have rose windows in yellow, brown, green and colourless glass.
In 1970, a major restoration of the church was accomplished. This included the addition of a narthex to the liturgical west, providing access both to the church and to a new basement.
Graveyard.
The cemetery contains the graves of many prominent people of the area, many dating back to the 18th century. Most of the older markers are unreadable. Samuel Owings, who is buried there, was a successful miller and Owings Mills was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20699186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699186" title="Public Finance of Costa Rica">
Public Finance of Costa Rica

The Public Finance of Costa Rica ( Hacienda Pública de Costa Rica ) is the organization formed by local authorities and public bodies, including non-State, owners or managers, by any title, of the Public Administration in Costa Rica. 
The Constitution establishes two bodies responsible for public finance: the Contraloría General de la República de Costa Rica and the National Treasury.

</doc>
<doc id="20699191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699191" title="Big &amp; Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak 2">
Big &amp; Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak 2

"Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak 2" is the second EP and DVD set released by the American country music duo Big & Rich. The compilation, released in late 2008, is a followup to their 2004 EP/DVD combo "Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak". This set is composed of a three-song CD and a live DVD featuring a full-length concert.
Big Kenny later included "Find a Heart" as "To Find a Heart" on his 2009 solo album "The Quiet Times of a Rock and Roll Farm Boy".

</doc>
<doc id="20699206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699206" title="Jeffrey C. Alexander">
Jeffrey C. Alexander

Jeffrey Charles Alexander (born May 30, 1947) is an American sociologist, one of the main proponents of Neofunctionalism, and a central figure in contemporary Cultural Sociology.
Career.
Alexander gained his BA from Harvard in 1969 and his PhD from the University of California, Berkeley in 1978. He worked at the University of California, Los Angeles, from 1974 until joining Yale University in 2001, where (as of 2008) he is the Lillian Chavenson Saden Professor of Sociology and co-Director of the Center for Cultural Sociology.
Alexander has authored or co-authored ten books. He was one of the editors of the journal "Sociological Theory", and he is currently co- editor of the "American Journal of Cultural Sociology".
Neofunctionalism.
In sociology, neofunctionalism represents a revival of the thought of Talcott Parsons by Jeffrey C. Alexander, who sees neofunctionalism as having 5 central tendencies:
While Parsons consistently viewed actors as analytical concepts, Alexander defines action as the movement of concrete, living, breathing persons as they make their way through time and space. In addition he argues that every action contains a dimension of free will, by which he is expanding functionalism to include some of the concerns of symbolic interactionism.
The cultural turn and the strong program.
Starting in the late 1980s, Alexander's work turned toward cultural sociology. Key to this cultural turn was a shift in emphasis from an engagement with Parsonian structural functionalism toward a rereading of Emile Durkheim's later works, which featured a strong interest in cultural systems. Durkheim's Elementary Forms of Religious Life was key to Alexander's thought, as in this work Durkheim analyzes the ways by which collective representations emerge and function, as well as the role of rituals in maintaining solidarity and reiterating society's norms and values to the congregation. Alexander picks up specifically on Durkheim's suggestion that the religious processes observed in tribal societies are as pertinent in modern societies. Regardless of whether modern societies believe themselves to be rational and secular, their civil life and processes, claims Alexander, are underpinned by collective representations, by strong emotional ties and by various narratives that—much like tribal societies—tell society what it believes it is and what values it holds sacred.
Alexander distinguishes between the sociology of culture and cultural sociology. The sociology of culture sees culture as a dependent variable—that is, a product of extra-cultural factors such as the economy or interest-laden politics—whereas cultural sociology sees culture as having more autonomy and gives more weight to inner meanings. In other words, in Alexander's conception of cultural sociology assumes that ideas and symbolic processes may have an independent effect on social institutions, on politics, and on culture itself. Alexander strongly distinguishes this sociological perspective from the then-dominant Bourdieusian sociological framework, which tends to see cultural processes as embedded in power struggles, and ultimately in material inequality.
Cultural trauma.
Two of his earlier articles can be seen as precursors to his more direct engagement with the topic of trauma. In one, he demonstrates that the Holocaust was not immediately perceived as universally signifying universal evil for Western societies. Rather than that, it was constructed as such by way of a long process of narration and signification. In the second, he shows that the Watergate Crisis was originally not perceived by American society as much more than a minor incident. Here, too, the incident had to be culturally narrated and constructed as compromising the core values of American society, turning what was first thought to be a mundane faux-pas into a full-fledged scandal. A key claim of both studies is that even events that are currently thought of as deeply traumatic for civil society are not inherently devastating but are rather constructed as such through cultural processes.
More generally, Alexander differentiates "cultural trauma" from what he calls "lay trauma" in social thought. "Lay trauma" refers to the idea that certain events are inherently traumatic to the individuals who experience them—for example, the idea of trauma in psychology. However, "cultural trauma" approach cannot assume that any event—as horrendous as it may be—will turn into a trauma for the collective who encounters it. As Alexander explains, "ultural trauma occurs when members of a collectivity feel they have been subjected to a horrendous event that leaves indelible marks upon their group consciousness, marking their memories forever and changing their future identity in fundamental and irrevocable ways".
Social performance.
In the mid-2000s Alexander turned attention toward the ways actors create social or cultural performances, which are "the social process by which actors, individually or in concert, display for others the meaning of their social situation". Actors, claims Alexander, care deeply about having others believe the meanings they attempt to convey, and to this end they seek to create a performance as authentic-looking as possible. To do so, they engage in what Alexander calls "cultural pragmatics" and draw upon the various elements of social performance: the systems of collective representation, means of symbolic production, mise-en-scène arrangements (much like a theater production would).
Alexander claims that in tribal societies the various elements of cultural performance were tightly fused, and were employed in collective rituals in which the entire tribe partook and its members experienced first-hand. In modern societies, these various elements became de-fused (as per Weber's sphere differentiation) and for this reason actors who wish to appear authentic must draw upon various repertoires. "Fusion", in Alexander's terms, is the moment in a performance when the various elements click together, generate an effective performance, and ultimately move the audience to psychological identification with the actors. A failed performance will be one that the audience will perceive as inauthentic, and will not develop the sense of identification the actors desired.
Iconic consciousness.
In recent years, Alexander has turned attention towards the material aspects of culture, extending his specific strand of cultural sociology towards aesthetics and particularly icons. As he defines it, iconic consciousness occurs “when an aesthetically shaped materiality signifies social value. Contact with this aesthetic surface, whether by sight, smell, taste, touch provides a sensual experience that transmits meaning…”. In contradistinction with various sociologies of culture that have tended to see the visual or the material as a form of falsity or degradation, Alexander draws on the Durkheimian notion of the symbolic collective representation to argue that the ways in which culture operates—both in instilling and in recreating values—is intrinsically tied to symbolic material forms.
Studies following Alexander’s approach have looked, for example, into the ways in which architecture is embedded in a deep meaning structure and have deep emotional resonance with the society that frequents them. Others have extended the idea of iconic consciousness into the realm of celebrities, and have explored the ways in which celebrities on one hand present an appealing aesthetic “surface” and on the other hand condense and convey a locus of “deep” meanings that resonate with the audience.
Performative revolutions.
Following the Egyptian Revolution, Alexander conducted a study of the revolutionary months from a cultural sociological point of view, applying some of his previous theories in order to understand the ways in which the various protests voiced by demonstrators, journalists, bloggers, and public actors ultimately persuaded the Egyptian army to turn against the regime. The key to understanding the revolution, claims Alexander, is in the binary structure these various actors applied to the Moubarak regime, persuasively depicting it as corrupt and outdated and thereby convincing the wider public that it was a menace to Egyptian society.

</doc>
<doc id="20699222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699222" title="Genowefa Kobielska">
Genowefa Kobielska

Genowefa Kobielska (later "Cejzikowa", later "Zimnochova", April 24, 1906 – July 16, 1993) was a Polish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Łask and died in Piaseczno. She was the wife of Antoni Cejzik.
In 1928 she finished eighth in the qualification of the discus throw event.
She also competed in the 1938 European Championships in Athletics held in Vienna and finished fifth in the discus throw competition and seventh in the shot put contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20699243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699243" title="Catherine Ferrar">
Catherine Ferrar

Catherine Ferrar (born 1940s) is an American actress, who played for television. She is mostly known for playing the character of Julie Olson Williams in "Days of our Lives" in 1967-68 (before Susan Seaforth-Hayes) and for the lead role of Nancy Murphy in the show "The Sixth Sense" with Gary Collins. She also guest starred in various shows of the seventies and eighties such as "CHiPs" and "Matt Houston".

</doc>
<doc id="20699244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699244" title="Western New York Flash">
Western New York Flash

The Western New York Flash (WNYF) is an American professional soccer club based in Elma, New York that competes in the National Women's Soccer League. Though based in the Buffalo, New York suburb, the Flash play all home games at Sahlen's Stadium in Rochester, New York. The Flash train out of Sahlen Sports Park in Elma.
The team was founded in 2008 as the Buffalo Flash, playing in the USL W-League. For the 2011 season, the team became the Western New York Flash and joined Women's Professional Soccer. In 2012, the team was a member of Women's Premier Soccer League Elite. The Flash won three consecutive league championships from 2010 to 2012, all in different leagues. The club became W-League Champions in 2010, followed by a Women's Professional Soccer title in 2011 and a WPSL-Elite championship in 2012. The Flash reached the inaugural NWSL Championship during the 2013 season, but fell to the Portland Thorns FC while searching for their fourth-straight title.
The franchise is owned by the Sahlen family, who run a meat packing company in Buffalo. Joe Sahlen is the owner. His daughter, Alex Sahlen, is the team President and a defender on the team. Former New Zealand international Aaran Lines, Alex Sahlen's husband, is the head coach and general manager.
History.
2009.
In 2009, Buffalo Flash made its debut in the Great Lakes (formerly Northern) Division of the Central Conference, lining up against teams from Hamilton, Laval, London, Ottawa, Quebec City, Rochester and Toronto. It finished second, with a regular season record of 9-2-3 from their 14 matches, undefeated in their seven games on the road, and with 40 goals scored, and 10 conceded. In the post-season playoffs, the Flash reached the Central Conference semi-final, to end their inaugural season with a 10-3-3 record. They were beaten 3-0 by FC Indiana, the only other full-time professional outfit in the league.
The 2009 team roster included players from six countries across four continents. There were four local players from Western NY, various US players from numerous states (including two with USA U-20 National Team experience), players from the full Italian National Team, Portuguese National Team, South African National Team, and also from Spain and Japan. To aid team bonding, the squad were housed in the same apartment complex.
2010.
Before the 2010 season Buffalo Flash signed English trio Gemma Davison, Eartha Pond and Ann-Marie Heatherson. Mele French and Kelly Parker arrived from German club SC Freiburg. Kimberly Brandão returned despite attending a training camp with Sky Blue FC, but Erika Sutton left for the Boston Breakers and Sarah Wagenfuhr joined St. Louis Athletica.
In 2010 Buffalo Flash competed in the Midwest Division of the W-League, finishing the regular season 14-0-2 against Chicago Red Eleven, Cleveland Internationals, Kalamazoo Outrage and London Gryphons.
Buffalo Flash won the W-League Championship by defeating the Vancouver Whitecaps 3-1 at Harry Welch Stadium in Santa Clarita, California. They finished the season undefeated, while Kelly Parker was named W-League MVP.
2011.
The team made plans to move to Women's Professional Soccer for the 2011 season. In September 2010, team president Alex Sahlen and coach Aaran Lines—both of whom have played for Rochester-based soccer teams—indicated that the team was looking at playing up to half of its WPS home games at Rochester's Marina Auto Stadium (now Sahlen's Stadium). On September 24, WPS officially confirmed that the new team would indeed join the league. The name of the WPS team was announced as the Western New York Flash on December 1, 2010. The September announcement confirmed that the team would play half its home games at Marina Auto Stadium. The remaining games were originally intended to be played at Niagara Field, a smaller facility on the campus of Niagara University in Lewiston that was set to be expanded to 4,000 for the 2011 WPS season. The league also attempted to negotiate a deal with All-High Stadium in Buffalo, although the owners of the field, Buffalo Public Schools, never responded. However, the December announcement indicated that the entire 2011 home schedule would be in Rochester.
The Flash selected Alex Morgan with the first pick in the 2011 WPS Draft.
On January 25, 2011, the Flash signed 2009 and 2010 WPS MVP and WPS Golden Boot Marta.
With a 13-2-3 regular season record, the Flash earned the regular season title and the right to host the WPS Championship presented by Citi. On August 27, 2011, Western New York Flash capped their inaugural season in WPS by capturing the 2011 WPS Championship title 1-1 (5-4) in a penalty kick shootout in front of the largest championship crowd in league history.
2012.
When it was announced that WPS had suspended its 2012 season, the Flash announced their plans to continue playing and shortly thereafter joined the new Women's Premier Soccer League Elite. During the 2012 playoffs, the Flash won the championship in penalty kicks.
2013.
The Western New York Flash became the first-ever NWSL Shield winners, finishing at the regular season champion. The club ended the year tied for first place with both FC Kansas City and Portland Thorns FC, but held the tiebreak over both teams to claim the honor. With the Number One seed, the Flash earned home field advantage through the playoffs, and drew No. 4 Sky Blue FC for its semifinal match. 
The team shutout Sky Blue 2-0 in the opening game, earning the right to host the Thorns in the 2013 NWSL Championship at Sahlen's Stadium in Rochester. The Flash ultimately finished second, losing to Portland in the championship game to the score of 2-0, denying the Flash a bid for a record-breaking fourth-straight title in a fourth different league. 
Stadium.
In 2009 the team played their home games at Orchard Park High School Field, in Orchard Park, New York, 15 miles south-east of downtown Buffalo, NY, and trained daily at the nearby Sahlen's Sports Park in Elma, NY. In 2010 the team played home games at the Demske Sports Complex at Canisius College in Buffalo, New York.
In February 2011, the Sahlen family obtained the naming rights to Marina Auto Stadium in Rochester and since then the team has played its home games at Sahlen's Stadium.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 13,768. The stadium's highest attendance record was set on July 20, 2011 at 15,404 during a match between the Flash and magicJack (led by player-coach and Rochester native, Abby Wambach) after the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. The game was also the largest single-game crowd in WPS history. 
Colors and badge.
The Flash's home colors are white and away colors are red. The Flash logo is designed to reflect that of Sahlen's, the team's parent company.
Players.
Notable former players.
Former members of the team who has represented a senior national team are:

</doc>
<doc id="20699250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699250" title="Where God Left His Shoes">
Where God Left His Shoes

Where God Left His Shoes is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Salvatore Stabile and starring John Leguizamo, Leonor Varela, Samantha Rose, Jerry Ferrara, and Adriane Lenox. It was first distributed through a limited release by IFC Films on 12 December 2008. The title of the movie is an old Italian saying that Stabile's father used to say about good places.
Synopsis.
Frank Diaz (John Leguizamo), an unemployed boxer, and his family have been living in a homeless shelter for months when, finally, on Christmas Eve, comes word that an apartment may be available. However seeing that he doesn't hold a job on paper the social worker tells him it's not possible for him to get the apartment. Frank at his ends tells a story about his time in the army during the first Gulf War. This story causes the social worker to give Frank a chance to get the apartment. The catch is that Frank must have a job before the end of the day. So Frank hits the cold streets of New York, his resentful stepson (David Castro) in tow, to somehow find a job so that his family can have a real home for Christmas morning. They search all over town in hopes of a job. In their search they grow closer together while also learning secrets about each other. On his first stop in search for a job he goes to a construction contractor he's worked for 'off the books' but is denied a booked job. Throughout the movie you see the old man (construction contractor's father) looking for Frank Diaz to give him a letter. Frank's efforts to find a job by six o'clock prove impossible. At one point he does get a job painting a school, but is fired due to a criminal past. Further efforts prove futile and Frank, after being forced to shoplift to get new clothes, accidentally leaves the money he needs for the apartment behind and can't go back to get it or risk being arrested. Ultimately he runs out of time and takes his family out for dinner instead. His wife tries to get him to leave so she can sneak out without paying like she usually does, but he doesn't let her do it. At their homeless shelter, Frank spots the man who stole in his jacket earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration, beats the man up and retrieves his jacket. While no charges are filed, Frank's actions get the family kicked out of the shelter and desperate, his wife calls her abusive ex for a place to stay, but the son, Justin, refuses to go with him, choosing to stay with Frank. This causes his wife to change her mind as well. After checking another shelter and finding it full, the family heads for Brooklyn on a subway train to try a shelter there and play a game that they played before they became homeless. Music plays out as the fate of Frank and his family remain unknown to us. Yet his loss of the apartment stills gives a glib outcome for a family hit hard of poverty.
Reception.
Lisa Schwartzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" described the film as "Italian neorealism meets A Christmas Carol." Nick Pinkerton of the "Village Voice" writes that Stabile "gets interesting scenes [...] though the movie's vérité is diluted by a cozy, adult-contemporary empathy with those less fortunate."

</doc>
<doc id="20699252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699252" title="Newcastle (film)">
Newcastle (film)

Newcastle is a 2008 Australian drama film set in the New South Wales city of Newcastle.
Plot.
Young surfer Jesse has always been in the shadow of his older brother Victor, who tried to become a champion surfer and failed. Jesse, his friends — Nathan, Andy and Scotty — and his brother Fergus (who has a crush on Andy, which is reciprocated), along with Deb and Leah, all go on a camping-surfing trip to a remote beach, but when Victor shows up tragedy hits. Things get competitive and in a severe accident Andy is seriously injured while Victor is killed. After the funeral, Fergus and Jesse bond on a night under the stars, and the film ends on a happier note, with Jesse as a competitor in a junior surf comp.
Box office.
"Newcastle" grossed $213,563 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20699256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699256" title="Joint Social Welfare Institute">
Joint Social Welfare Institute

The Joint Social Welfare Institute (Instituto Mixto de Ayuda Social) (IMAS) is an autonomous institution with legal personality in Costa Rica for welfare. It was created under Act 4760 of April 30, 1971, which put it into operation from May 8 of that year. Its purpose is to serve the population suffering poverty in Costa Rica through the provision of grants and programs. 
The institute uses the Social Information Sheet (Ficha de Información Social) (FIS) to conduct research and evaluate the population living in poverty. The FIS contains a set of fifty-six variables, grouped into 10 sections. 

</doc>
<doc id="20699278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699278" title="Charlotte Mäder">
Charlotte Mäder

Charlotte Mäder (born July 18, 1905, date of death unknown) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. She was born in Bernau bei Berlin. In 1928 she finished ninth in the qualification of the discus throw event.

</doc>
<doc id="20699283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699283" title="Treviranus">
Treviranus

Treviranus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20699305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699305" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1909–1912">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1909–1912

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 30 April 1909 election and the 30 April 1912 election.
A redistribution in 1907 resulted in the abolition of all of the single-member seats and the adoption of the five federal electorates which had been created for Tasmania, and used the Hare-Clark proportional representation system to elect six members to each of the seats. The 1909 election was the point at which these changes took effect.
One major result was the formation of parties—prior to 1909, members other than those pledged to the Labor Party had adopted loose and flexible affiliations, generally being known as "Ministerialist", "Oppositionist/Liberal" or "Independent". A coalition of former Ministerialists, Independents and Liberals formed the Anti-Socialist Party (which became the Liberal Party of Tasmania in 1912), while another group of Oppositionists formed the Liberal Democrat Party.
The second major result was the product of the election itself—the near-complete destruction of the former Liberal grouping which had originally formed around Sir Edward Braddon and Andrew Inglis Clark, and the considerable rise in the fortunes of the Labor Party. They gained 12 seats in the new Assembly, and for the first time in Tasmania's history, held government for a week in October 1909 under Premier John Earle.

</doc>
<doc id="20699323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699323" title="Lanteglos">
Lanteglos

Lanteglos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20699347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699347" title="Dynamo Blues F.C.">
Dynamo Blues F.C.

Dynamo Blues F.C. is a football club founded in 1978, from Tuam, Co. Galway, Ireland.
Their most senior team currently competes in the Galway & District League First Division League.

</doc>
<doc id="20699362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699362" title="National Insurance Institute">
National Insurance Institute

The National Insurance Institute (Instituto Nacional de Seguros or INS) is an autonomous institution in responsibility of the Costa Rican insurance monopoly in that country. It was created by Act No.12 of October 30, 1924 with the aim of meeting the protection needs of Costa Rican society.
Some of the most renowned statesmen of the period were responsible for its creation including Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno, President of the Republic on three occasions and Tomás Soley Güell, Secretary of Finance and Commerce, in his third administration. 
It began operations as Bank Insurance and in 1948 changed the name to National Insurance Institute. Today, the agency offers to all people in Costa Rica with a wide range of products and services in addition to projecting a strong social benefit programs to people in many different fields. 
With more than 80 years of existence, the National Insurance Institute has an obligation to meet the insurance needs of its customers. In addition to selling insurance, it has managed the Fire Department, health services and has joined a network of medical facilities throughout the country.
Controversies.
During the period 1999 and 2002 the insurance broker, PWS International Ltd made 41 corrupt payments totalling $1,982,231 to officials employed by INS and the national electricity and telecommunications provider Instituto Costarricense de Electricidad (ICE). As a result, in 2010 a PWS executive was imprisoned in the UK for his part in authorising the corrupt payments.
In December 2011, Aon Corporation, a US insurance brokerage firm headquartered in Chicago, admitted violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in relation to funds that Aon Corporation had provided to INS officials between 1997 and 2005 for expenses which were not related to a legitimate business purpose, such as travel with spouses to overseas tourist destinations.

</doc>
<doc id="20699367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699367" title="Culdcept Second">
Culdcept Second

"Culdcept Second" was given a high 37 out of 40 by "Famitsu" magazine. The expansion was given a 35 out of 40. The game has sold over 65,000 copies to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20699371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699371" title="St. James Church (Monkton, Maryland)">
St. James Church (Monkton, Maryland)

St. James Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Monkton, Baltimore County, Maryland, US. It is a brick church that was constructed in 1755, with extensions added in the 18th, 19th and 20th centuries. The bell tower dates from 1884. A cemetery surrounds the church, enclosed by a stone wall. It is a vernacular interpretation of Georgian ecclesiastical architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20699375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699375" title="The Vodi">
The Vodi

The Vodi is a novel by John Braine, first published in the United Kingdom in 1959 by Eyre & Spottiswoode. A revised version was published in 1978.
Plot summary.
Dick Corvey is suffering from advanced tuberculosis in a provincial sanitarium. While confined to bed 24 hours a day, he meditates on various events from his earlier life, his friendship with Tom, his relationships with women, especially his brief engagement with Lois who abandoned him when his virtually hopeless condition had become apparent. A recurring theme is that of the Vodi, a malevolent race of small creatures invented by Tom when at school. The chief concern of the Vodi is to persecute and destroy the unlucky: the good and harmless people who invite the wrath of the Vodi by these very qualities (while the undeserving minority can enjoy good fortune and all life's comforts unhampered). Among others, Dick is tended by Nurse Evelyn Mallaton, whose sympathy and strong sexual attraction eventually give him the energy to rally against the disease and recover. However, while attracted to Dick, Evelyn understands his lack of prospects in the world and becomes engaged to a local businessman. Here emerges the main theme of the book: what Dick perceived as the distinction between the undeserved good and bad luck may in fact be the difference between a strong will and the lack of it. The novel ends with Dick bravely leaving the sanitarium where he has been offered a safe nursing job, to try to establish himself in the world on his own and perhaps get Evelyn back.
Literary significance & criticism.
The novel appears to have been unsuccessful on publication and rarely reprinted. Nevertheless, the book was Braine's own favourite, and the critic Martin Seymour-Smith described it as a "more interesting and imaginative work" than "Room at the Top". The novelist M. John Harrison names "The Vodi" as one of his favourite books of all time, defining its genre as "kitchen sink gothic".

</doc>
<doc id="20699419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699419" title="Uncial 0303">
Uncial 0303

Uncial 0303 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 7th century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Luke 13:17- 29, on 1 parchment leaf (26.2 cm by 19.5 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters. Formerly it was classified as lectionary 355 (ℓ "355").
It was examined by Henri Omont.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Supplément grec 1155 VII, fol. 19) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20699425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699425" title="List of chess books">
List of chess books

This is a list of chess books that are used as references in articles related to chess. The list is organized by alphabetical order of the author's surname, then the author's first name, then the year of publication, then the alphabetical order of title. 
As a general rule, only the original edition should be listed except when different editions bring additional encyclopedic value. Examples of exceptions include:
Authors with five books or more have a sub-section title on their own, to increase the usability of the table of contents. When a book was written by several authors, it is listed once under the name of each author.
See:

</doc>
<doc id="20699432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699432" title="KK Slavija">
KK Slavija

Basketball Club Slavija (Serbian Cyrillic: КК Славија) is a basketball club from the City of East Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Currently, KK Slavija competes in the National Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20699443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699443" title="G. Dennis O'Brien">
G. Dennis O'Brien

George Dennis O'Brien (born February 21, 1931) is an American philosopher who most notably served as the eighth President of the University of Rochester.
O'Brien was born in Chicago, Illinois to a medical doctor and a nurse. His father was also a medical examiner and the young O'Brien accompanied him to autopsies he performed at local funeral homes. He attended St. Philip Neri grammar school and Leo Catholic High School.
O'Brien earned a B.A. in English at Yale University in 1952 and a Ph.D. in Philosophy at the University of Chicago in 1961. While in graduate school, he took an instructorship at Princeton University, where he became assistant professor after graduating. He began his career as administrator when he took on the role of Assistant Dean of the College at Princeton and then moved to Middlebury College where he took on successively more responsibilities.
In 1976, Bucknell University tapped O'Brien to become its twelfth president. In 1984, he assumed the presidency of the University of Rochester.
At UR, he introduced several innovations, including the "Take Five" program, the Rochester Conference, which brought high-profile speakers to the River Campus from 1987 to 1990, and a weekly University Day to bring faculty and undergraduates together for interchange of ideas. He also kicked off a major fund-raising campaign to fund more competitive compensation for faculty.
O'Brien also dealt with several controversies, notably the ill-fated idea to raise the possibility of renaming UR to "Rochester University" or "Eastman Rochester University". In 1987, he had to deal with the fallout from William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration's rescinding the admission of a Fujifilm employee to its MBA program after senior Eastman Kodak officials voiced their concern that they would have to pull their executives out of the same program to prevent the possibility of industrial espionage. O'Brien also divested the University from South Africa after student protests.
After retiring from UR in 1994, he served as chair of the Commonweal Foundation and on the board of La Salle University. He also served as an accreditation reviewer and chair for several institutions of higher learning in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20699466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699466" title="List of chess books (T–Z)">
List of chess books (T–Z)

This is a list of chess books that are used as references in articles related to chess. The list is organized by alphabetical order of the author's surname, then the author's first name, then the year of publication, then the alphabetical order of title.
As a general rule, only the original edition should be listed except when different editions bring additional encyclopedic value. Examples of exceptions include:
Authors with five books or more have a sub-section title on their own, to increase the usability of the table of contents (see at right). When a book was written by several authors, it is listed once under the name of each author.

</doc>
<doc id="20699474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699474" title="Church of San Román, Toledo">
Church of San Román, Toledo

The San Román is a church in Toledo, Spain. The church has a steeple built in the mudéjar architectural style in the 13th century. It stands on top of one of the twelve hills of Toledo in one of the oldest parts of the town. It is currently the seat of the "Museo de Arte Visigótico".

</doc>
<doc id="20699484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699484" title="Groovy Server Pages">
Groovy Server Pages

Groovy Server Pages (GSP) is a presentation language for web applications, similar to JSP. GSP allows static and dynamic content to be mixed in the same document. The result is a dynamically generated HTML, XML or other type of document in response to a Web client request.
Example.
"An example of GSP code:"

</doc>
<doc id="20699505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699505" title="Low-cost housing">
Low-cost housing

Low-cost housing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20699535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699535" title="John Brascia">
John Brascia

John F. Brascia (May 11, 1932 – February 19, 2013) was an American actor and dancer, noted for his dancing partnerships on film with Vera-Ellen in "White Christmas" (1954) and with Cyd Charisse and Liliane Montevecchi in "Meet Me in Las Vegas" (1956). With dancer Tybee Arfa (1932–1982), the dance team known as Brascia and Tybee became - beginning in 1957 - a top specialty in major U.S. nightclubs, appearing as the opening act for artists like Frank Sinatra, Lena Horne, Tony Martin and George Burns, among others. Married in 1958, the duo appeared frequently on television's The Ed Sullivan Show (1958–1966) and on The Hollywood Palace (1967). Brascia began acting in non-dancing film roles beginning in 1967, culminating in 1980's "The Baltimore Bullet" for which he was Producer, and credited with the film's Story and Screenplay. Brascia died at a nursing home of Parkinson's disease in on February 19, 2013. He was 80.
Broadway Musical.
Brascia made his Broadway debut on February 11, 1953 in the musical version of the film "Nothing Sacred," titled "Hazel Flagg", which featured a score by Jule Styne and Bob Hilliard. The production was supervised and choreographed by Robert Alton (who choreographed the film "White Christmas", featuring Brascia, a year later). Brascia won a Donaldson Award for his performance in the musical.
Nightclubs.
John Brascia was a featured dancer in "The Magic Carpet Revue, New York - Paris - Paradise",
which opened at the Dunes Hotel in Las Vegas on May 23, 1955 and starred Vera-Ellen with a cast of 60.
""... the entire evening was built around Vera-Ellen, who tapped and did ballet and sung, happily undubbed, and wore gorgeous costumes by Hollywood's famed designer Howard Shoup. ... Her routines were based on those developed for her by Robert Alton. She did partnered dances with friend John Brascia, who was also given solo dancing opportunities.""
Reviews.
Meet Me in Las Vegas
" "... the best thing, by far, is the finale — a gaudy, satiric ballet, done to the old "Frankie and Johnny" ballad, as arranged by Johnny Green. Miss Charisse is accompanied in this one by Liliane Montevecchi as "the other dame" and John Brascia as the luckless Johnny, and the ballad, with modern bebop lyrics, by Sammy Cahn, is sung by the off-screen voice of Sammy Davis Jr. It's crazy, man! And cool!"" -- Bosley Crowther, "New York Times"

</doc>
<doc id="20699537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699537" title="Sean Rooney (footballer)">
Sean Rooney (footballer)

Sean Rooney (born 1 March 1989) is an Australian footballer who plays for Bengaluru FC in the Indian I-League.
Club career.
Rooney started his A-League career playing in the Youth League with Sydney FC. He was the league's top goal scorer before he was signed by the Jets on a short term injury replacement for Jason Naidovski. He made his A-League debut in Round 15 of the 2008–09 season against Queensland Roar. His first goal for the club, undoubtedly the most important in his fledgling career and a significant one in the short history of the Jets, was an injury-time matchwinner in the club's must-win encounter against Beijing Guoan on Matchday 5 of the 2009 AFC Champions League. In the final minute of the match, and with the score locked at 1–1, Rooney latched onto a fumbled pass from Ljubo Miličević on the edge of the area and struck the ball sweetly with his left foot, curling it into the top left corner of the net to send Newcastle players, staff and fans into raptures, with the club needing only a point from its final game (away to Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i) to qualify for the next stage of Asian football's premier international club competition.
Rooney scored his first goal in the A-League in his first starting appearance for Newcastle Jets in Round 4 of the 2009–10 season against Gold Coast United. Rooney struck a powerful left-footed shot from the left-edge of the box, ending Gold Coast's aspirations of going through the season undefeated. 
Bengaluru FC.
On 24 August 2013 it was confirmed that Rooney had signed with Bengaluru FC of the I-League. He made his debut for the side in their very first I-League on 22 September 2013 against Mohun Bagan A.C. in which he scored the very first goal in the clubs history in the 50th minute as Bengaluru went onto draw the match 1–1. He then scored his second goal of the season in the very next match against Rangdajied United F.C. in which he found the net in the 57th minute as Bengaluru went on to win the match 3–0.
After failing to score in the next match against United, Rooney once again found the net for the third time of the season against Mohammedan S.C. in which he scored in the 28th minute as Bengaluru FC won 2–1. He then scored his first brace of the season when he scored two against Dempo S.C. on 23 October 2013 as Bengaluru won 3–1.
Rooney then began the month of November in good form when he scored the opening goal for Bengaluru FC in their match against Mumbai in the 7th minute. The match eventually ended in a 2–2 draw. He then did not score another goal for a month till the 8th of December against Churchill Brothers in which his 50th minute strike helped Bengaluru FC to a 3–1 away victory. 
International career.
Rooney played in all three games in the Young Socceroos' 2009 U-20 World Cup campaign, starting in one.
Personal life.
His dad is Irish and mother is Italian. Sean Rooney attended Patrician Brothers' College Blacktown.

</doc>
