<doc id="20683577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683577" title="Ottoman–Venetian War (1463–79)">
Ottoman–Venetian War (1463–79)

The First Ottoman–Venetian War was fought between the Republic of Venice and her allies and the Ottoman Empire from 1463 to 1479. Fought shortly after the capture of Constantinople and the remnants of the Byzantine Empire by the Ottomans, it resulted in the loss of several Venetian holdings in Albania and Greece, most importantly the island of Negroponte (Euboea), which had been a Venetian protectorate for centuries. The war also saw the rapid expansion of the Ottoman navy, which became able to challenge the Venetians and the Knights Hospitaller for supremacy in the Aegean Sea. In the closing years of the war however, the Republic managed to recoup its losses by the "de facto" acquisition of the Crusader Kingdom of Cyprus.
Background.
Following the Fourth Crusade (1203–1204), the lands of the Byzantine Empire were divided among several western Catholic ("Latin") Crusader states, ushering in the period known in Greek as "Latinokratia". Despite the resurgence of the Byzantine Empire under the Palaiologos dynasty in the later 13th century, many of these "Latin" states survived until the rise of a new power, the Ottoman Empire. Chief among these was the Republic of Venice, which had founded an extensive maritime empire, controlling numerous coastal possessions and islands in the Adriatic, Ionian and Aegean Seas. In its first conflict with the Ottomans, Venice had already lost the city of Thessalonica in 1430, following a long siege, but the resulting peace treaty left the other Venetian possessions intact.
In 1453, the Ottomans captured the Byzantine capital, Constantinople, and continued to expand their territories in the Balkans, Asia Minor and the Aegean. Serbia was conquered in 1459, and the last Byzantine remnants, the Despotate of Morea and the Empire of Trebizond were subdued in 1460–1461. The Venetian-controlled Duchy of Naxos and the Genoese colonies of Lesbos and Chios became tributary in 1458, only for the latter to be directly annexed four years later. The Ottoman advance thus inevitably posed a threat to Venice's holdings in southern Greece, and, following the Ottoman conquest of Bosnia in 1463, in the Adriatic coast as well.
Outbreak of the war.
According to the Greek historian Michael Critobulus, hostilities broke out because of the flight of an Albanian slave of the Ottoman commander of Athens to the Venetian fortress of Coron (Koroni) with 100,000 silver aspers from his master's treasure. The fugitive then converted to Christianity, and demands for his rendition by the Ottomans were therefore refused by the Venetian authorities. Using this as a pretext, in November 1462, Turahanoğlu Ömer Bey, the Ottoman commander in central Greece, attacked and nearly succeeded in taking the strategically important Venetian fortress of Lepanto (Nafpaktos). On 3 April 1463 however, the governor of the Morea, Isa Beg, took the Venetian-held town of Argos by treason.
Although Venice, dependent on the trade with the Ottomans, had in the past been reluctant to confront them in war, the urgings of the papal legate, Cardinal Bessarion, and an impassioned speech by the distinguished Council member Vettore Cappello, tipped the balance, and on 28 July, the Senate narrowly voted for declaring war on the Porte. Pope Pius II used this opportunity to form yet another Crusade against the Ottomans: on 12 September 1463, Venice and Hungarian king Matthias Corvinus signed an alliance, followed on 19 October by an alliance with the Pope and Duke Philip the Good of Burgundy. According to its terms, upon victory, the Balkans would be divided among the allies. The Morea and the western Greek coast (Epirus) would fall to Venice, Hungary would acquire Bulgaria, Serbia, Bosnia and Wallachia, the Albanian principality under Skanderbeg would expand into Macedonia, and the remaining European territories of the Ottomans, including Constantinople, would form a restored Byzantine Empire under the surviving members of the Palaiologos family. Negotiations were also began with other rivals of the Ottomans, such as Karamanids, Uzun Hassan and the Crimean Khanate.
Campaigns in the Morea and the Aegean, 1463–1466.
The new alliance launched a two-pronged offensive against the Ottomans: a Venetian army, under the Captain General of the Sea Alvise Loredan, landed in the Morea, while Matthias Corvinus invaded Bosnia. At the same time, Pius II began assembling an army at Ancona, hoping to lead it in person.
In early August, the Venetians retook Argos and refortified the Isthmus of Corinth, restoring the Hexamilion wall and equipping it with many cannons. They then proceeded to besiege the fortress of the Acrocorinth, which controlled the northwestern Peloponnese. The Venetians engaged in repeated clashes with the defenders and with Ömer Bey's forces, until they suffered a major defeat on 20 October, which resulted in the wounding and subsequent death of the Marquis Bertoldo d'Este. The Venetians were then forced to lift the siege and retreat to the Hexamilion and to Nauplia (Nafplion). In Bosnia, Matthias Corvinus seized over sixty fortified places and succeeded in taking its capital, Jajce after a 3-month siege, on 16 December.
Ottoman reaction was swift and decisive: Sultan Mehmed II dispatched his Grand Vizier, Mahmud Pasha Angelović, with an army against the Venetians. To confront the Venetian fleet, which had taken station outside the entrance of the Dardanelles Straits, the Sultan further ordered the creation of the new shipyard of Kadirga Limani in the Golden Horn (named after the "kadirga" type of galley), and of two forts to guard the Straits, Kilidulbahr and Sultaniye. The Morean campaign was swiftly victorious for the Ottomans: although messages received from Ömer Bey had warned of the strength and firepower of the Venetian position at the Hexamilion, Mahmud Pasha decided to march on, hoping to catch them at unawares. In the event, the Ottomans reached the Isthmus just in time to see the Venetian army, demoralized and riddled with dysentery, leave its positions and sail to Nauplia. The Ottoman army razed the Hexamilion, and advanced into the Morea. Argos fell, and several forts and localities that had recognized Venetian authority reverted to their Ottoman allegiance. Zagan Pasha was re-appointed governor of the Morea, while Ömer Bey was given Mahmud Pasha's army and tasked with taking the Republic's holdings in the southern Peloponnese, centered around the two forts of Coron and Modon (Methoni).
Sultan Mehmed II, who was following Mahmud Pasha with another army to reinforce him, had reached Zeitounion (Lamia) before being apprised of his Vizier's success. Immediately, he turned his men north, towards Bosnia. However, the Sultan's attempt to retake Jajce in July and August 1464 failed, with the Ottomans retreating hastily in the face of Corvinus' approaching army. A new Ottoman army under Mahmud Pasha then forced Corvinus to withdraw, but Jajce was not retaken for many years after. However, the death of Pope Pius II on 15 August in Ancona spelled the end of the Crusade.
In the meantime, for the upcoming campaign of 1464, the Republic had appointed Sigismondo Malatesta, the ruler of Rimini and one of the ablest Italian generals, as land commander in the Morea. The forces available to him along with mercenaries and "stratioti", however, were limited, and in his tenure in the Morea he was unable to achieve much. Upon his arrival in the More in mid-summer, he launched attacks against Ottoman forts, and engaged in a siege of Mistra in August–October. He failed to take the castle, however, and had to abandon the siege at the approach of a relief force under Ömer Bey. Small-scale warfare continued on both sides, with raids and counter-raids, but a shortage of manpower and money meant that the Venetians remained largely confined to their fortified bases, while Ömer Bey's army roamed the countryside. The mercenaries and stratioti in Venice's employ were becoming disgruntled at the lack of pay, while increasingly, the Morea was becoming desolate, as villages were abandoned and fields left untended. The bad supply situation in the Morea forced Ömer Bey to withdraw to Athens in fall 1465. Malatesta himself, disenchanted by the conditions he encountered in the Morea and increasingly anxious to return to Italy and attend to his family's affairs and the ongoing feud with the Papacy, remained largely inactive throughout 1465, in spite of the relative weakness of the Ottoman garrisons following the withdrawal of Ömer Bey from the peninsula.
In the Aegean, the new Venetian admiral, Orsato Giustinian, tried to take Lesbos in the spring of 1464, and besieged the capital Mytilene for six weeks, until the arrival of an Ottoman fleet under Mahmud Pasha on 18 May forced him to withdraw. Another attempt to capture the island shortly after also failed, and Giustinian died at Modon on 11 July. His successor, Jacopo Loredan, spent the remainder of the year in ultimately fruitless demonstrations of force before the Dardanelles. In early 1465, Mehmed II sent peace feelers to the Venetian Senate in 1465. Distrusting the Sultan's motives, these were rejected. Soon after, the Venetians were embroiled in a conflict with the Knights Hospitaller of Rhodes, who had attacked a Venetian convoy carrying Moorish merchants from the Mamluk Sultanate. This event enraged the Mamluks, who imprisoned all Venetian subjects living in the Levant, and threatened to enter the war on the Ottoman side. The Venetian fleet, under Loredan, sailed to Rhodes under orders to release the Moors, even by force. In the event, a potentially catastrophic war between the two major Christian powers of the Aegean was avoided, and the merchants were released to Venetian custody.
By 1465 the Maniot Kladas brothers, Krokodelos and Epifani, were leading bands of stratioti on behalf of Venice against the Turks in Southern Peloponnese. They put Vardounia and their lands into Venetian possession, for which Epifani then acted as governor.
In April 1466, Vettore Cappello, the most vociferous proponent of the war, replaced Loredan as Captain General of the Sea. Under his leadership, the Venetian war effort was reinvigorated: the fleet took the northern Aegean islands of Imbros, Thasos and Samothrace, and then sailed into the Saronic Gulf. On 12 July, Cappello landed at Piraeus, and marched against Athens, the Ottomans' major regional base. He failed to take the Acropolis, however, and was forced to retreat to Patras. Patras, being the capital of Peloponnese and the seat of the Ottoman Bey, was being besieged by the joint forces of Venetians and Greeks under the "provveditore" of the Morea, Jacomo Barbarigo and Spartan commander Michael Rallis. Before Cappello could arrive there, and as the city seemed on the verge of falling, Ömer Bey suddenly appeared with 12,000 cavalry, and drove the outnumbered besiegers off. Six hundred Venetians and a hundred others were taken prisoner out of a force of 2,000, while Barbarigo himself was killed, and his body impaled, while a hundred Greeks fell and Rallis was captured and impaled. Cappello, who arrived some days later, attacked the Ottomans, but was heavily defeated. Demoralized, he returned to Negroponte with the remains of his army. There Cappello fell ill and died on 13 March 1467. Negroponte itself was taken by the Turks three years later.
The war in Albania, 1466–1467.
In spring 1466, Sultan Mehmed marched with a large army against the Albanians. Under their leader, Skenderbeg, they had long resisted the Ottomans, and had repeatedly sought assistance from Italy. For the Albanians, the outbreak of the Ottoman–Venetian War offered a golden opportunity to reassert their independence; for the Venetians, they provided a useful cover to the Venetian coastal holdings of Durazzo and Scutari. The major result of this campaign was the construction of the fortress of Elbasan, allegedly within just 25 days. This strategically sited fortress, at the lowlands near the end of the old "Via Egnatia", cut Albania effectively in half, isolating Skenderbeg's base in the northern highlands from the Venetian holdings in the south. However, following the Sultan's withdrawal Skanderbeg himself spent the winter in Italy, seeking aid. On his return in early 1467, his forces sallied from the highlands, defeated Ballaban Pasha and lifted the siege of the fortress of Croia (Krujë) attacked Elbasan but failed to capture it. Mehmed II responded by marching again against Albania. He energetically pursued the attacks against the Albanian strongholds, while sending detachments to raid the Venetian possessions to keep them isolated. The Ottomans failing again to take Croia, and they failed to subjugate the country. However, the winter brought an outbreak of plague, which would recur annually and sap the strength of the local resistance. Skanderbeg himself died of malaria in the Venetian stronghold of Lissus (Lezhë), ending the ability of Venice to use the Albanian lords for its own advantage. The Albanians were left to their own devices, and were gradually subdued over the next decade.
Final Albanian campaigns, 1474–1479.
After Skanderbeg died, some Venetian-controlled northern Albanian garrisons continued to hold territories coveted by the Ottomans, such as Žabljak Crnojevića, Drisht, Lezha, and Shkodra—the most significant. Mehmed II sent his armies to take Shkodra in 1474 but failed. Then he went personally to lead the siege of Shkodra of 1478-79. The Venetians and Shkodrans resisted the assaults and continued to hold the fortress until Venice ceded Shkodra to the Ottoman Empire in the Treaty of Constantinople as a condition of ending the war.
After the Venetian war the Ottomans attacked Hungary, but their army was defeated in the Battle of Breadfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20683585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683585" title="ENSAIT">
ENSAIT

The École nationale supérieure des arts et industries textiles (ENSAIT) is a French Engineering grand établissement (grande école) and a prominent member of UP-TEX research cluster (Union Pôle Textile).
ENSAIT is a unique higher education and research institute in the world, gathering all the disciplines related to textiles. ENSAIT chairs include four departments related to education and research.
Textile curricula and research activities.
ENSAIT different curricula lead to the following degrees :
The major fields of study and research at ENSAIT are: 
During first year at ENSAIT, students study all the basics of textile technology. 
Each year, approximately 80 students receive an ENSAIT Master's degree referred-to as "diplôme d'ingénieur ENSAIT", and around 10 students receive a doctoral degree.
History.
The school was founded in Roubaix (Nord-Pas de Calais, France) with municipal funding. It was originally meant to provide a special studying program for the requirements of the textile industry at Roubaix and France. After 1889, the institution became known as the "École d'Arts et Métiers Textiles" and its reputation broaden to the whole Europe. 
Because the school was near from the war front, it was closed in some wartime periods (World War I and World War II), many students and academic staff died in these wars.
Nowadays, the ENSAIT has a very large parc of machinery. In 1991, the GEMTEX was inaugurated as the first French center with research competence in all textile engineering fields. Entrepreneurship is also promoted with GENI-INNOTEX.
Student life.
Since the ENSAIT foundation, the students perpetuate their own "traditions" and folklore, and are members of a student society. They call themselves ""ENSAITIENS"" . The "GE" folklore includes traditional clothing, language, songs and legends, related symbolism, and ceremonials. "GE" activities are independent of the administration of the school and are exclusively run by the students, although the two parts often cooperate for organising cultural or sporting events.
International.
The ENSAIT is well known in the academic and research field worldwide, it is one of the acknowledged world-class colleges specialised in Textiles. It has a partnership with more than 300 institutions around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20683590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683590" title="StudentLoanJustice.org">
StudentLoanJustice.org

StudentLoanJustice.org is a grassroots U.S. organization founded in 2005 by Alan Collinge with the goal of reforming predatory lending practices in the American student loan industry. StudentLoanJustice.org has several thousand members.
The website contains information about the student loan industry, including the Higher Education Act of 1997, which it says allowed private lending agencies to impose what it describes as "draconian" punitive measures upon borrowers. It also publishes stories from graduates who have had difficulty with student loan companies.
In 2007, StudentLoanJustice also formed a Political Action Committee of the same name, and was credited by staff for then-Senator Hillary Clinton as being the motivating force behind the Student Borrower Bill of Rights Act of 2006.
StudentLoanJustice.org or its members have been covered by a number of newspapers, radio, and television shows, including "The New York Times", "The Los Angeles Times", National Public Radio, "The Washington Post", "The National Review", "The Wall Street Journal", Public Broadcasting System, "Fortune Magazine", Businessweek, Fox Television, CNN, CBS News, Democracy Now!, "The Chicago Sun-Times", and others.
In 2008, Collinge was selected as one of seven Heroes by CNN/Money Magazine for that year. In 2009, Collinge published (Beacon Press).

</doc>
<doc id="20683593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683593" title="Govind Talwalkar">
Govind Talwalkar

Govind Shripad Talwalkar (b 1925, also known honorifically as Govindrao Talwalkar) is a journalist, former editor of "Maharashtra Times", and author of 25 books. He received the Lokmanya Tilak Award from the Government of Maharashtra, India and also the B. D. Goenka Award and Durga Ratan Award for excellence in journalism, and Ramshastri award for social justice..
Early life.
Talwalkar was born on July 22, 1925 in Dombivali, in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Coming from a family with limited means, Talwalkar graduated from the university of Mumbai while doing odd jobs at the same time to pay for his fees. Talwalkar's family has a special place in Maharashtra. Talwalkar's uncle Gopinath Talwalkar was a well-known poet and writer. His other uncle Sharad Talwalkar was a famous actor in Marathi films and on stage.
Career.
Editing Loksatta.
After getting a degree, Talwalkar joined an intellectual magazine. After that, he was invited by Mr. H.R. Mahajani, the then editor of "Loksatta", a Marathi daily of the Indian Express Group, to join as a sub-editor. The work was not clearly defined. Talwalkar started writing editorials in the daily and the weekly edition of the paper. In fact, he wrote an editorial the first day he joined "Loksatta" at the age 23. He was greatly influenced by the writings of Lokmanya Tilak, M.N. Roy, and other intellectuals. From 1950 to 1962 he served as assistant editor of "Loksatta".
Editor of the Maharashtra Times.
Talwalkar worked as assistant editor of the "Maharashtra Times", a new Marathi daily launched by the "Times of India" group for almost six years. He become chief editor in 1968, remaining in that role for 27 years until he retired in 1996. He also established a record as the longest serving editor in Bennett Coleman and Co. which owns the Times of India Group. The company is more than 150 years old. 
Talwalkar is best known for his editorials and articles. According to Raj Thackeray, "Talwalkar justified being recognized as "Agralekhancha Badshah" (the emperor of editorials)". Late famous Marathi writer, journalist and intellectual, S. M. Mate. admiringly remarked that Talwalkar had a felicity of pen, while poet G. D. Madgulkar used to call him "DnyanGunSagar". In the tradition of Lokmanya Tilak & the Maharashtra saint Samarth Ramdas, he used simple Marathi to make difficult subjects easily understandable to ordinary readers, while at the same time making all salient points with notable gravitas. Several of his editorials and articles are collected in his books, including"Agralekh", "Bahar", "Pushpanjali", "Lal gulag" ('Red Gulag'), "Niyatishi karar". 
Shri Govind Talwalkar has been a Guiding Light for two generations of Maharashtrians. He has had the greatest influence over the literary, political, educational, social, cultural and intellectual fabric of post-independence Maharashtra over forty years. As an editor, he made his mark as an intellectual, interested in diverse subjects. He educated his readers. He has become an institution. 
He is best known for his editorials, which appealed to the reason. His hard-hitting editorials were feared but respected by the politicians and people in powerful places; and immensely admired by the masses and the scholars. In this he followed the tradition of Lokmanya Tilak and Ramdas. He did so selflessly. He exposed corruption in politics, universities, hospitals, social and public matters. It is said that some politicians have blocked giving him PadmaVibhushan award, while honoring many undeserving people.
Though proud of his mother-tongue, Marathi, Talwalkar thought that his readers should know whatever best was produced in the literature in various languages. He started a popular column introducing books in English, writing under the pseudonym "Vachaspati". His articles on books have been published as collections - "Vachta vachta", 1& 2.
On his retirement in 1996, Talwalkar settled with his daughters in the USA, but continues to write critical articles and essays in Marathi and English on world politics, economics, history, social issues and books.
Author of books on modern Indian history and the world.
Talwalkar has written several books on modern history. His book on the transfer of power in India ( "Sattantar" - 3 volumes) is now in its third edition. 
Many of Talwalkar's books are on the leaders of India's freedom movement: Naoroji, Nehru, Justice Ranade, Tilak, Gopal Krishna Gokhale. The books Naoroji te Nehru, Virat dnyani - Nyaymurti Ranade, Tilak darshan, Bal Gangadhar Tilak were awarded various prizes. He translated his Marathi book "Nek Namdar Gokhale" into English, entitled, "Gopal Krishna Gokhale: Life and Times", published by Rupa and Co. "The Tribune"'s review of "Gopal Krishna Gokhale: Life and Times" praises Talwalkar as "a versatile journalist", and describes the book as a "comprehensive study" with a "lucid and straightforward" narrative.
Talwalkar's recent book "Bharat Ani Jag" is a scholarly analysis of India's foreign policy and economic and political situation in the post-independence era (i.e. since 1947). It is a valuable reference book. 
Talwalkar is the author of books on the wars in Iraq & Afghanistan -- "Iraqdahan", "Agnikand".
His books have been well received for their wealth of information, insight, scholarship and style. He writes fluently in Marathi as well as English. He always wrote & still continues to write in beautiful, cultured, decent Marathi in the tradition of Lokmanya Tilak & Ramdas Swami, making even very difficult and scholarly topics easy for the common people to understand. His books are a treasure trove of scholarship and a great joy to read.
Freethinker, writer on the Soviet empire, China and communism.
From the 1950s, India sought economic and technological help from the Soviet Union. When it was fashionable to be a communist, Talwalkar remained an independent and wrote against the totalitarianism of the Right as well as the Left.
He was steeped in the humanist thoughts of M. N. Roy, George Orwell, Karl Pauper, Arthur Koestler, and Kolakowsky. 
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Talwalkar toured Eastern Europe and wrote journalistic essays on the changing scene. These are collected in his book -- "Badalta Europe". He is a scholar of Russian studies. He wrote a four volume book in Marathi on the rise and fall of the Soviet empire: "Soviet Samrajyacha Uday Ani Asta" in 4 volumes, winning the Kelkar prize. His book "Lal Gulag" is a collection of his articles on communist Russia and China.
Journalist.
Talwalkar contributed articles in English to newspapers including The Times of India, The Telegraph (of Calcutta), The Illustrated Weekly of India, Frontline magazine, The Mainstream and the Deccan Herald and Asian Age.
He regularly wrote articles in Marathi for a literary magazine "Lalit". After retirement he wrote a regular column - Saurabh - in "Lalit" each month on books & other topics such as 400 th anniversary of saint Ramdas Swami. These articles are published by Majestic prakashan under the title "Sourabh, vol. 1 & 2". "Grantha Sangati" is another collection of his book reviews published by Popular Prakashan.
He has received the "Durga Ratan" and "B.D. Goenka" Awards for excellence in journalism, and the Ramshatri Award for social justice.
Now retired, Talwalkar still writes regularly for the daily, "Divya Marathi" and weekly "Sadhana" and occasionally for "Maharashtra Times" and other Marathi newspapers, and in English for "rediff.india".
Bibliography.
"Tilak Darshan"; "Vachta Vachta"; "Agralekh"; "Parikrama"; "Niyatishi karar"; "Virat dnyani: Nyaymurti Ranade"; "Abhijat"; "Badalta Europe"; "Prasangik"; "Granthasangati"; "Pushpanjali vol 1 & 2"; "Akshay"; "Bahar"; "Vyakti ani vangmay"; "Soviet samrajyacha uday ani asta, vol 1-4"; "Lal gulag"; "Agnikand"; "Bal Gangadhar Tilak"; "Navroji te Nehru"; "Nek namdar Gokhale"; "Manthan"; "Iraqdahan"; "Bharat ani jag"; "Sourabh"; "Sattantar: 1947, vol 1-3".

</doc>
<doc id="20683627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683627" title="Billy Prior">
Billy Prior

Billy Prior is a fictional character in Pat Barker's "Regeneration Trilogy" of novels set during World War I.
Overview.
Prior, often called by his second name, is an intelligent, deeply cynical soldier whom we first meet recovering from shell shock at Craiglockhart. At the beginning of "Regeneration" he is temporarily mute, having found the detached eye of a dead comrade in the trenches, and mainly communicates through writing with pen and paper. However, he eventually overcomes this through counselling with Dr. W. H. R. Rivers, the historical psychologist who features prominently in all three novels. His relationship with Rivers is problematic and sometimes argumentative. During the trilogy they are at odds over class difference (Billy comes from working class origins), Prior's sardonic treatment of the hospital staff, and Rivers's own moral misgivings about the war. During "Regeneration" Prior commences a tentative romance with Sarah, a young munitions worker. In "The Eye in the Door" we discover that he is bisexual, as he has a dalliance with Captain Manning.
In the first novel of the series we learn that Prior was emotionally abused by his father, an abrasive wife-beater, an experience that also helped shape the man he would become.
Literary significance and criticism.
Nahem Yousaf and Sharon Monteith called Prior "the mobilizing force in the trilogy; not only does he experience the war in phases, his chameleonlike character also facilitates shifts in perspective." 
Film, TV or theatrical portraits.
Jonny Lee Miller portrayed Prior in the 1997 film adaptation of "Regeneration".

</doc>
<doc id="20683639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683639" title="Moses Leavitt">
Moses Leavitt

Moses Leavitt (1650–1730) was an early settler of Exeter, New Hampshire, where he worked as a surveyor. Later he became a large landowner, and served as selectman, and as a Deputy and later Moderator of the New Hampshire General Court from Exeter. He was the ancestor of several notable Leavitt descendants, including the well-known Meredith, New Hampshire, teacher and almanac maker Dudley Leavitt.
Leavitt was born at Hingham, Massachusetts, on August 12, 1650, the son of John Leavitt, a Puritan tailor who left England and settled in Dorchester (part of today's Boston), before moving on several years later to Hingham, several miles south of Boston, where he married as his second wife Sarah Gilman, daughter of Edward Gilman Sr., a fellow Hingham settler who eventually moved on to Exeter. Although granted land at Exeter, John Leavitt never chose to move north. Instead, his son Samuel by his first wife, and son Moses (by his wife Sarah Gilman) eventually moved to Exeter, where they settled as early as 1677, Earlier, both brothers had taken 'ye oath of Allegiance to his majestie & fidelitie to ye contrey" at Exeter on November 30, 1677. New Hampshire records show that "Moses Levett" and "Samuel Levett" received credit in 1676 in Exeter for their service in King Philip's War.
Moses Leavitt was a surveyor by trade, and early became one of Exeter's leading citizens. When he was thirty-one years old, he married Dorothy Dudley, daughter of Rev. Samuel Dudley, Exeter's minister and the son of Governor Thomas Dudley of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. By the time of his marriage on October 26, 1681, Leavitt was already deeply involved in town affairs, and in surveying and purchasing local land. In 1682 Leavitt first served as an Exeter selectman, an office he held several times during his lifetime. Leavitt was an early signer of an appeal to the King in England to arbitrate the claims of the Masonian proprietors, who were asserting ownership rights to lands claimed by early settlers.
A subsequent communiqué in July 1708, signed by Leavitt – and on file at London's Whitehall – was addressed to Her Majesty the Queen from the "Justices, Officers of the Militia, Merchants, etc. of New Hampshire" and was directed "in favour of Governor Dudley."
Leavitt first served as Deputy to the colony's General Court in 1692, a position he filled several times over subsequent years. For seven years he held the office of Moderator of the province's General Court, and he also served as a State Senator. Leavitt was appointed in 1698 to a committee of Exeter's First Church to handle the vexing question of where congregants should be seated in the sanctuary – seating being determined by social rank. Deacon Leavitt and Kinsley Hall were first given the choice pews, allowing other congregants to then be accommodated.
Leavitt and the former Dorothy Dudley had twelve children, including sons John and Dudley, and daughter Dorothy. Two of Moses Leavitt's children married Gilman cousins – daughter Hannah, married twice, both times to Gilmans; and Joseph, married to Sarah Gilman. Moses Leavitt died on June 17, 1730, "being aged and feeble", as he noted in his will. (His half-brother Lieut. Samuel Leavitt predeceased him, having died at Exeter in 1707). Moses's family continued to live in the Exeter area for many subsequent generations; his descendants include the noted New Hampshire almanac maker Dudley Leavitt, and the early Salem, Massachusetts, minister Rev. Dudley Leavitt, for whom Salem's Leavitt Street was named.
Following the death of Rev. Samuel Dudley, the early Exeter minister's third wife lived at the home of her son-in-law Moses Leavitt – a courtesy for which the Dudley family bequeathed Leavitt a plot of land in Exeter. The 1702 conveyance of Dudley land to Leavitt was the last known mention of Rev. Samuel Dudley's third wife, the former Elizabeth Smith. Leavitt's descendants continued to live on the former Dudley family tract for many years, as well as on the extensive grants of land Moses received. Descendants of both Moses and Samuel Leavitt dispersed throughout New Hampshire in subsequent centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20683640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683640" title="William Hill (athlete)">
William Hill (athlete)

William Arthur Hill (born 31 October 1896, date of death unknown) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the British relay team which finish fourth in the 4x100 metre relay event. In the 100 metres competition he was eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 200 metres event he was eliminated in the quarter-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20683648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683648" title="Vivanco">
Vivanco

Vivanco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20683658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683658" title="Ole Petter Pollen">
Ole Petter Pollen

Ole Petter Pollen (born 16 September 1966) is a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He received a silver medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, together with Erik Bjørkum.
Pollen resides at Stabekk.
References.
[at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman

</doc>
<doc id="20683665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683665" title="The Best of The Lettermen">
The Best of The Lettermen

The Best of The Lettermen was a compilation album featuring the music of The Lettermen. Originally released on vinyl in 1966, it was produced by Steve Douglas. All tracks were arranged by Jimmie Haskell except "You'll Never Walk Alone" which was arranged by Hank Levine.
References.
www.thelettermen.com

</doc>
<doc id="20683670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683670" title="Mongolian Revolution of 1921">
Mongolian Revolution of 1921

The Mongolian Revolution of 1921 (People's Revolution of 1921, Outer Mongolian Revolution of 1921) was a military and political event by which Mongolian revolutionaries, with the assistance of the Soviet Red Army, expelled Russian White Guards from the country, and founded the Mongolian People's Republic in 1924. Although nominally independent, the Mongolian People's Republic was a satellite state of the Soviet Union until 1990. The revolution also ended Chinese occupation over Mongolia, which had existed since 1919. Official Mongolian name of the revolution is "People's Revolution of 1921" or "People's Revolution" ().
Prelude.
Mongolian Revolution of 1911.
For about two centuries, the Qing Dynasty had enforced—albeit with mixed success—a policy of segregating the non-Han peoples on the frontier from Han Chinese. By the end of the 19th century, however, China faced the prospect of being parcelled out among the Western powers and Japan, each competing for its own sphere of influence in the country. On the northern frontier, Russian Empire was viewed by the Qing court as posing the greatest threat to its territorial integrity. In response, the Qing government adopted a different policy, the "New Administration" ("Xin zheng"), which called for the sinification of Mongolia through Chinese colonisation, the exploitation of Mongolia's natural resources (mining, timber, fishing), military training, and education.
Many Mongols regarded the "New Administration" as a major threat to their traditional way of life, as was agreed to be preserved when they recognised authority of the Qing emperors, and began to seek independence. In July 1911 a group of Khalkha nobles persuaded the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu, the head of Mongolian Buddhism (Lamaism), that Mongolia must declare its independence from the Qing Dynasty. They agreed to send a small delegation to Russia to obtain its assistance in this undertaking.
In October 1911 revolution broke out in China, with one province after another declaring its independence from the Qing government. On 1 December 1911 Outer Mongolia declared independence, and established a theocracy under the Khutuktu. On 29 December he was installed as the "Bogd Khaan" (Great Khan, or Emperor) of Mongolia. This ushered in the Bogd Khaan era, which lasted from 1911 to 1919.
Bogd Khaan.
The Buddhist religious establishment discovered new opportunities for political gain and financial profit. Despite the presence of a state government, real power lay in the Bogd Khaan's court. The religious establishment appropriated revenues for its own purposes. For example, it enlarged its financial holdings by transferring to the religious estate ("Ikh shav"') wealthy herdsmen who traditionally had owed their services and taxes to lay princes. There is a commonly held misconception that, over time, the greed of the Buddhist religious establishment so disaffected the lay nobility that it came to reject the very principles of theocracy upon which the new country had been founded. According to Mongolian and Russian sources, the Mongolian society was generally satisfied with the theocracy but there were different views on future development of the country.
On the diplomatic front, the Mongols worked tirelessly between 1912 and 1915 to win international recognition of a new pan-Mongolian state that would include (Southern Mongolia, Western Mongolia, Upper Mongolia, Barga, and Tannu Uriankhai). The Republic of China, for its part, did all it could to re-establish Chinese sovereignty over the country. Russia refused to support full independence for Mongolia; nor would it agree to the restoration of Chinese sovereignty. The matter was settled in 1915 by the tripartite Treaty of Kyakhta (1915), which provided for Mongolian autonomy within the Chinese state and forbade China from sending troops to Mongolia. Both the Chinese and Mongols found the treaty equally dissatisfying, although for different reasons.
Abolition of autonomy.
The outbreak of the Russian Revolution in 1917 and the Russian Civil War a year later changed the Mongolian-Chinese dynamic. In response to rumors of an imminent Bolshevik invasion, the Mongolians, very reluctantly and only after much encouragement by the Chinese High Commissioner Chen Yi at Urga (modern Ulaanbaatar), requested in the summer of 1918 military assistance from China (approximately 200 to 250 troops arrived in September). The invasion in fact did not occur, and so the Bogd Khaan's government requested that the troops be recalled. The Beijing government refused, seeing this violation of the Kyakhta Treaty as the first step in restoring Chinese sovereignty over Mongolia.
Early in 1919, Grigori Semyonov, a White Guard general, had assembled a group of Buryats and Inner Mongols in Siberia for the formation of a pan-Mongolian state. The Khalkhas were invited to join, but they refused. Semyonov threatened an invasion to force them to participate. This threat galvanized the lay princes, who now saw a larger opportunity: the end of theocratic rule. In August. the Mongolian Foreign Minister approached Chen Yi with a message from the "representatives of the four aimags" ("i.e.", the Khalkhas) with a request for military assistance against Semyonov. More importantly, perhaps, it contained a declaration that the Khalkhas were unanimous in their desire to abolish autonomy and restore the previous Qing system.
Negotiations, with participation of the Bogd Khaan's representatives, began immediately. By October, Chen Yi and the Mongolian princes had agreed upon a set of conditions, the "Sixty-four Points", effectively recreating the political and administrative system. The "Points" were submitted to the Parliament. The upper house consented to it; the lower house did not. However, in this as in all other matters submitted to the Parliament in the past, the upper house prevailed. Chen Yi sent the draft Articles to Beijing. The Bogd Khaan dispatched a delegation of lamas to Beijing with a letter stating that the people of Mongolia did not want to abolish autonomy. He wrote that this was all a contrivance of Chen Yi, and he asked that Chen be recalled. However, the Chinese government was not interested in esoteric arguments whether or not a consensus existed in Mongolia for the abolition of autonomy. The "Points" were submitted to the Chinese National Assembly, which approved them on October 28.
Political events then unfolding in China were to fundamentally alter Mongolian history. The Beijing government was controlled by a group of warlords nicknamed the "Anhui Clique" headed by Duan Qirui. The government had come under severe public criticism for its failure at the Paris Peace Conference to obtain a just settlement of the Shandong problem. There was criticism also of Duan's "War-participation army", which ostensibly had been formed for service in Europe in the First World War but in fact was used to maintain Duan's internal control. To divert criticism, he simply rechristened his office the "Bureau of Frontier Defense" and his army the "Frontier Defense Army". In June 1919, Xu Shuzheng, a prominent member of Duan's clique, was named "Northwest Frontier Commissioner", making him the senior Chinese military and civilian officer of Outer Mongolia.
Earlier, in April, Xu had submitted a plan to the Beijing government for the total social and economic reconstruction of Mongolia, proposing, among other things, that Chinese colonisation and intermarriage between Chinese and Mongolians be encouraged in order to "transform the customs of the Mongols". In short, Xu appeared to want nothing less than the total sinification of Mongolia under his authority.
Chen Yi's Sixty-four Points, which guaranteed Mongolia a kind of autonomy, would have compelled Xu to abandon his plans. This may explain the timing of his personal intervention. Xu arrived in Urga in October accompanied by a military contingent. He informed Chen that the Sixty-four Points would have to be renegotiated based upon a new set of proposals, his "Eight Articles", which called for an increase in population (presumably through Chinese colonisation) and economic development. Xu presented the Articles to the Bogd Khaan with a threat that refusal to ratify them would result in his deportation. The Bogd Khaan submitted the Articles to the Mongolian Parliament. As before, the upper house accepted them, while the lower house did not; some members of the lower house even threatened to expel Xu by force. Lamas resisted Xu's plans most of all. But again, the upper house prevailed. On 17 November 1919, Xu accepted a petition—signed by the ministers and deputy ministers but not by the Bogd Khaan himself—for the abolition of autonomy.
Xu returned to Beijing, where he received a hero's welcome arranged by the Anhui clique. By December, he was back in Urga to organise a formal ceremony for the transfer of authority: soldiers were lined up on either side of the road to the Bogd Khaan's palace; the portrait of the President of China was borne on a palanquin; the flag of the Chinese republic followed, and after it a marching band. Mongols were required to prostrate themselves repeatedly before these symbols of Chinese sovereignty. That night, some Mongolian herdsmen and lamas gathered outside the palace and tore down the flags of the Chinese Republic hanging from the gate.
Resistance.
Between 1919 and early 1920 a few Mongolians came to form what were known later as the "Consular Hill" ("Konsulyn denj") and East Urga ("Züün khüree") groups. This was the beginning of resistance to Xu and the abolition of autonomy.
The first group owed its existence principally to Dogsomyn Bodoo (1885–1922), a highly educated, 35 year-old lama who worked in the Russian Consulate at Urga during the Bogd Khaan era. Sharing a yurt with Bodoo was Khorloogiin Choibalsan (1895–1953), later to be known as the "Stalin of Mongolia". A certain Mikhail Kucherenko, a typesetter in the Russo-Mongolian printing office and a member of the Bolshevik underground in Urga, occasionally visited Bodoo and Choibalsan; conversations, no doubt, turned on the Russian revolution and the political situation in Mongolia. In time, other Mongolians joined Bodoo and Choibalsan in discussions over the abolition of autonomy and the failure of Mongolian princes and senior lamas to put up an effective resistance to the Chinese.
The leaders of the East Urga group were Soliin Danzan (1885–1924), an official in the Ministry of Finance, and Dansrabilegiin Dogsom (1884–1939), an official in the Ministry of the Army. Another, albeit less prominent at the time, member was Damdin Sükhbaatar (1893–1923), a soldier in the Mongolian army who, after his death, was canonised by Communist historians as the "Lenin of Mongolia". The beginning of the East Urga group may be traced to mid-November 1919, when several of the more militant members of the lower house of the Mongolian Parliament, including Danzan and Dogson, met secretly on the first night following its dissolution by Xu Shuzheng, and resolved to resist the Chinese. Twice they approached the Bogd Khaan to obtain his support for armed resistance; twice the Khaan counselled patience. The group plotted to seize the Mongolian army's arsenal and assassinate Xu Shuzheng; however, the placement of Chinese guards at the arsenal and a revised travel itinerary for Xu thwarted both plans.
Formation of the Mongolian People's Party.
Russian expatriates in Urga had elected a revolutionary "Municipal Duma", headed by Bolshevik sympathisers, which had learned of the Consular Hill group. In early March 1920, the Duma was sending one of its members, I. Sorokovikov, to Irkutsk. It decided that he should also take a report with him about these Mongolians. Sorokovikov met with representatives of the two groups. On his return to Urga in June, he met with them again, promising that the Soviet government would provide "assistance of all kinds" to the Mongolian "workers". He invited them to send representatives to Russia for further discussions.
A new sense of purposefulness now animated both groups. They had maintained a wary distance from one another, perhaps because of their different agendas—the Consular Hill group espousing a rather progressive social program while the East Urga group was more nationalistic in its goals—and there had been little cooperation between the two. The Soviet invitation changed that. The two groups met on 25 June, and formed the "Mongolian People's Party" (renamed later the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party, adopted a "Party Oath", and agreed to send Danzan and Choibalsan as delegates to Russia.
Danzan and Choibalsan arrived in Verkhneudinsk, the capital of the pro-Soviet Far Eastern Republic, in the first part of July. They met with Boris Shumyatsky, then acting head of the government. Shumyatsky knew little about them, and for three weeks dodged their demands for a speedy Soviet decision whether or not to provide military assistance to the Mongolians against the Chinese. Finally, perhaps at Shumyatsky's suggestion, they sent a telegram to members of the MPP in Urga with a coded message that they should obtain a letter, stamped with the seal of the Bogd Khaan, formally requesting Soviet assistance. The MPP did succeed in obtaining a letter from the Khaan's court, albeit with difficulty. Five members of the Party—D. Losol, Dambyn Chagdarjav, Dogsom, L. Dendev, and Sükhbaatar—brought it to Verkhneudinsk. When the seven men met with Shumyatsky, he told them that he had no authority to make a decision on their request; they must go to Irkutsk.
On arriving in Irkutsk in August, the Mongolians met with the head of what was later to be reorganised as the Far Eastern Secretariat of the Communist International (Comintern), and explained that they needed military instructors, 10,000 rifles, cannon, machine guns, and money. They were told that they must draft a new letter, this time in the name of the Party, not the Bogd Khaan, stating their objectives and requests. Such a petition would have to be considered by the Siberian Revolutionary Committee in Omsk.
The Mongolians divided themselves into three groups: Danzan, Losol, and Dendev left for Omsk; Bodoo and Dogsom returned to Urga, where they were to enlarge the party's membership and form an army; Sükhbaatar and Choibalsan proceeded to Irkutsk to serve as a communication link between the others. Before separating, the group drafted a new appeal with a more revolutionary message: The Mongolian nobility would be divested of its hereditary power, to be replaced by a democratic government headed by the Bogd Khaan as a limited monarch. The document also contained a request for immediate military assistance.
Ungern-Sternberg.
After several meetings with Soviet authorities in Omsk, the Mongolian delegation was told that such an important matter could be decided only in Moscow. Danzan and his compatriots left for Moscow, arriving in about mid-September. For over a month they met frequently but inconclusively with Soviet and Comintern officials.
A White Guard invasion of Mongolia under Baron Roman von Ungern-Sternberg, however, forced the Soviet government into action. In late October to early November 1920, around 1,000 troops under his command had laid siege to the Chinese garrison in Urga numbered about 7,000. On 10 or 11 November, the three Mongols were hurriedly summoned to a meeting with Soviet authorities. They were told that the Party would be supplied with all the weapons it needed, but they must quickly return to Mongolia, and there increase the Party's membership and raise an army. At the same time, Moscow ordered the Soviet Fifth Red Army to cross the Mongolian border and destroy von Ungern-Sternberg's army.
The Chinese garrison in Urga, however, successfully repulsed von Ungern-Sternberg's attack. This altered the Soviet strategy. The army of the Far Eastern Republic was already exhausted. Only the Fifth Army of the Reds was left on the eastern front, and already by late 1920 many of its more experienced units had either been demobilized, or sent west to fight in Poland, or assigned to the labor front, where they were needed to repair the badly damaged Siberian economy. Thus, when the Chinese repulsed von Ungern-Sternberg, the Soviets on 28 November withdrew their order for an invasion.
However, von Ungern-Sternberg launched a second attack in early February 1921. This time he was successful. Chinese soldiers and civilians fled the city in panic. With the fall of Urga, the Chinese administrations and military garrisons at Uliastai and Khovd departed quickly for Xinjiang. The Bogd Khaan was restored as Mongolian monarch by von Ungern-Sternberg. The Bogd Khaan and his government were also restored, and a solemn ceremony held on 22 February.
Growth of the Mongolian People's Party.
News of von Ungern-Sternberg's seizure of Urga again influenced Soviet plans. A plenary session of the Comintern in Irkutsk on February 10 passed a formal resolution to aid the "struggle of the Mongolian people for liberation and independence with money, guns and military instructors". With Soviet support, the MPP was now a serious contender for power. The Party, hitherto rather amorphous and loosely connected, required better organisational and ideological definition. A party conference (subsequently regarded as the first congress of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party) met secretly on 1–3 March at Kyakhta. The first session was attended by 17 persons, the second by 26. The Party approved the creation of an army command staff headed by Sükhbaatar with two Russian advisors, elected a central committee chaired by Danzan with one representative from the Comintern, and adopted a party manifesto composed by the progressive Buryat Jamsrangiin Tseveen.
On 13 March, a provisional government of seven men was formed, soon to be headed by Bodoo. On 18 March, the Mongolian guerrilla army, its ranks now enlarged to 400 through recruitment and conscription, seized the Chinese garrison at Kyakhta Maimaicheng (the Chinese portion of Kyakhta). A new confidence now animated the Party. It issued a proclamation announcing the formation of the government, the expulsion of the Chinese, and the promise to convene a congress of "representatives of the masses" to elect a permanent government. A propaganda war of sorts between the provisional government and the Bogd Khaan's court followed: the Party saturated the northern border with leaflets urging people to take up arms against the White Guards; the legal government of the Bogd Khaan government barraged the same area with warnings that these revolutionaries were intent upon destroying the Mongolian state and shattering the very foundations of the Buddhist faith.
The new Soviet government, isolated as it was by international community, was anxious to establish diplomatic relations with China. It had sent a representative to Beijing; the Chinese government reciprocated with its own to Moscow. Perhaps the principal reason that the Soviets had hesitated to aid the Mongolians too openly was fear of prejudicing those negotiations. But by early 1921 whatever restraints there were upon open Soviet support for Mongolia had ended: China suspended talks with the Soviet government in January 1921; the Chinese government appeared to be incapable of dealing with von Ungern-Sternberg; and in early March it had refused Soviet military assistance against the White Guards. It was then that the Russians became firmly committed to the Mongolian revolution.
The material expression of this commitment was an increase in the flow of Soviet advisers and weapons in March to the MPP. In March and April, Soviet and Far Eastern Republican units were transferred to Kyakhta, while the Mongols doubled the number of their guerrillas to 800. Von Ungern-Sternberg's forces attacked Kyakhta in early June. He encountered a body of Red Army troops army several times larger than his own, and the White Guards were thrown back with heavy losses. On 28 June, the main Soviet expeditionary corps crossed the border into Mongolia, and on 6 July, the first Mongolian and Russian units entered Urga.
The Mongolian revolutionaries went to work immediately. On 9 July, they sent a letter to the Bogd Khaan's court, announcing that power was now in the hands of the people: "The disorder which reigns presently is as much due to the shortcomings of the leaders as to the fact that the existing laws and situation do not correspond any longer to the spirit of the times. Everything, therefore, except religion, will be subject to gradual change." The following day, the Party's Central Committee issued a resolution declaring the formation of a new government headed by Bodoo, with the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu as a limited monarch. On 11 July, he was ceremoniously installed on the throne of Mongolia.
Aftermath.
Von Ungern-Sternberg's army, now defeated, began to crumble. His men deserted him, and he was seized by a Red Army detachment. The Soviets executed him later that same year. Fighting then shifted to western Mongolia, and by the end of 1921, the White Guards had either been destroyed or expelled.
The Chinese government was not indifferent to von Ungern-Sternberg's invasion, appointing Zhang Zuolin as commander of an expeditionary army to deal with it. However, the occupation of Urga by Red forces in July and internal Chinese warlord politics forced him to abandon his plans.
On the diplomatic front, the Soviets had proposed to the Chinese the convening of a tripartite conference, similar to that of 1914-15, to discuss Mongolia's relationship with China. The Chinese government, however, emboldened by the prospect of Zhang's expedition, responded that Mongolia was part of China, and thus could not be the subject of international negotiations. It was not until 1924 that a Chinese-Soviet treaty was concluded, by which the Soviet Union recognised Mongolia as an integral part of China, and agreed to withdraw its troops. The treaty notwithstanding, the death of the Khutuktu in that same year provided an opportunity for the MPP to dispense with theocratic rule entirely, and the Party announced the establishment of the Mongolian People's Republic. In 1945, the Chinese Nationalist government recognised the full sovereignty of the Mongolian People's Republic, though Chiang Kai-shek was to withdraw that recognition a few years later. However, in 2002 the Republic of China did recognize Mongolia as independent.
On May 21, 2012, the Mainland Affairs Council released a press said that Outer Mongolia is not a part of Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20683679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683679" title="Henry Casimir I of Nassau-Dietz">
Henry Casimir I of Nassau-Dietz

Henry Casimir I of Nassau-Dietz (Arnhem, 21 January 1612 – Hulst, 13 July 1640) was count of Nassau-Dietz and Stadtholder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe.
Life.
He was the eldest son of Ernst Casimir of Nassau-Dietz and Sophia Hedwig of Brunswick-Lüneburg, and like his father, died in battle. On July 12, 1640, he was wounded in Sint Jansteen at the battle of Hulst. He died the next day. Hendrik Casimir is buried in Leeuwarden, and was succeeded in his titles by William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz. His death at age 28 caused a series of memorials to his name and the battle in which he died. The Rijksmuseum keeps a blood-stained shirt in the collection supposedly worn by him when he was wounded. Similarly, the bullet hole in his father's hat is also kept there for posterity.

</doc>
<doc id="20683683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683683" title="Denis Black">
Denis Black

Denis Victor Black (born 20 October 1897, date of death unknown) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Aylsham, Norfolk.
In 1920 he was a member of the British relay team which finish fourth in the 4x100 metre relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="20683689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683689" title="St. Mildred's Church, Whippingham">
St. Mildred's Church, Whippingham

St. Mildred's Church, Whippingham is a parish church in the Church of England located in Whippingham, Isle of Wight.
History.
The chancel of the church was built in 1854 and 1855 by the architect Albert Jenkins Humbert although Prince Albert is thought to have had a guiding hand.
The remainder of the church was constructed in 1861 and 1862.
Parish status.
The church is in a United Benefice with St. James's Church, East Cowes.
Memorials.
A number of memorials in the church commemorate members of Queen Victoria's family and household. 
Organ.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Churchyard.
In the churchyard are the graves of Prince Louis of Battenberg and his wife, Princess Victoria. 

</doc>
<doc id="20683712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683712" title="Another Christmas (Old Borego)">
Another Christmas (Old Borego)

"Another Christmas (Old Borego)" is a Holiday song written and recorded by the alternative rock band Switchfoot. The song was originally featured exclusively as one of the tracks on KROQ-FM's annual Christmas compilation CD's, "Kevin & Bean's Christmastime in the 909," which was released in 2004.
Re-release.
In 2008, Switchfoot re-released the song as a Rhapsody-exclusive single, just in time for the Holiday season, under their independent record label, lowercase people records. It was rearranged with slightly more instrumentation and a more "tinkly" feel with the guitar work, along with an overall updated mix.

</doc>
<doc id="20683717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683717" title="Oldtown, Letterkenny">
Oldtown, Letterkenny

Oldtown () is a district of Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland, located in the parish of Conwal and Leck. As its name suggests, it is the oldest part of the town and was the starting point of the area's development, though it existed before Letterkenny itself. The area contains approximately 600 residential properties. Oldtown may be entered from central Letterkenny via the Oldtown Bridge (for traffic) or Devlin Way (for pedestrians). The Rail Bridge (formerly used for trains run by the Lough Swilly Railway) is currently disused, and the only remaining evidence of Old Town railway station.
Oldtown has a weak range of essential services with the area being limited to green spaces within housing developments and facilities serving the area being located primarily in the town centre rather than in the Oldtown neighbourhood itself. Old Dunnes, the nearest department store to the area, is located across the Oldtown Bridge. Other major industries in the area include The Hideout, a long-standing pub, and the Model Bakery and Gaeltex Factory, both of which shut long ago. The former Gaeltex Factory has since been demolished and turned into council houses. New Leck Cemetery, one of Letterkenny's main cemeteries, is within walking distance.
The Jim Larkin Court and Gaeltex Drive apartment blocks have a serious lack of facilities. They have no play area for children and families run the risk of having one of their children seriously injured or killed by a passing car.
History.
Oldtown existed as a Native Irish settlement before the plantation of Ulster which saw Patrick Crawford develop the market town on the other side of the Swilly at the Oldtown Bridge. The early inhabitants of the Oldtown spoke Gaelic and their main food source came from fishing the Swilly estuary which flowed up to Conwal graveyard,they also raised livestock on the hillside where Leck graveyard is today.
Old Town railway station was located on the Letterkenny & Burtonport Extension line. It opened on 9 March 1903 before finally closing for passengers and goods on 6 January 1947. There is no evidence of the station in existence today, a hotel occupies the site. However, an old rail bridge may be seen spanning the River Swilly.
Industry.
The Oldtown area has a proud industrial history with it being the location of many of the town's major employers. Former industries in the area include the Model Bakery and the Gaeltex Factory. Current employers in the area include Dunnes Stores, NowDoc, Jungle King and "The Hide Out Bar" ("Oldtown Inn"), which was established in the 19th century. The pub was redeveloped in 2008 and was awarded the most improved public house by the then Minister for the Environment, John Gormley. However, the new owner John G. Larkin, has links with Dessie Larkin, the Fianna Fáil mayor and councillor (Gormley was in coalition with Fianna Fáil at this time). The pub has since been taken over by NAMA and stripped of its windows and roof tiles.
Criminal activity.
Oldtown is known for its expansive crime rate, which is contributed to by gangland feuds and turf wars. On 24 October 2007, Gardaí were called to a stand-off between two rival families in what was later dubbed "The Battle of the Oldtown" by various forms of national media. Ninja-type weapons including chains, swords and slash-hooks were produced and the families only calmed upon the intervention of a local priest. Twenty gardai and six patrol cars were in place to deal with a riot-like situation. Traffic was diverted away from the scene which occurred near the Oldtown Bridge, which provides a connection between the Oldtown and the town centre.
On 22 July 2006, a man was attacked with a machete and pitchfork. The victim suffered puncture wounds to his abdomen and laceration wounds to his body. The victim's wife was also threatened but was not injured in the feud. The Oldtown gang refer to themselves as the Oldtown Hoodz, a reference to gangster crime. They are a sub-division of the Letterkenny Young Thugs (LYT). They have terrorised many's an old-aged pensioner from her bed at night. On 17 July 2003, an elderly man became enraged when he saw a neighbour cutting grass on his property. He fetched a double-barrelled shot gun and fired twice at the strimmer, narrowly missing his neighbour. Assaults frequently occur in the area.
In 2012, it was reported that residents of the Oldtown area were "living in fear" of thugs who were terrorising them in their homes. This led some residents to install extra security on their premises. One woman had her house "egged" only a few minutes after it had been painted. A few nights after this story went to print a man was seriously assaulted in a laneway in the area.
In 2003, a young schoolgirl was sexually abused by her parents before being killed by parasites which were found in cat faeces that she laid her hands upon. It is thought that this incident was an isolated one. Drug abuse is also on the rise in the area. A small section has been opened up in the local drug unit to deal with the issue.
Sport.
Golfing facilities opened in 1913 on a 47 acre (190,000 m2) 9 hole course at Crievesmith. The course was sold in 1965 for £3000 and the club moved to its current home at Barnhill. Due to the area's growing population the land was developed into housing at the turn of the 21st century. Oldtown Celtic, founded in 1976, is the local soccer club. They play their home games at Oldtown Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20683727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683727" title="Edmund Morgan (bishop)">
Edmund Morgan (bishop)

The Rt Rev Edmund Robert Morgan was the seventh Suffragan Bishop of Southampton; and afterwards the ninth incumbent at Truro. He was born on 28 July 1888 and educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford. Ordained in 1914, he began his career with curacies at Farnham and Eastleigh. He was then Chaplain to the Bishop of Winchester and after that Warden of the "College of the Ascension", Selly Oak, Birmingham, for 13 years from 1923. From 1930 to 1936 he was also assistant secretary of the Societry for the Propagation of the Gospel. From 1936 to 1943 he was Rector of Old Alresford and also Archdeacon of Winchester, a post he held until his elevation to the Episcopate. A noted author, he died on 21 September 1979 at Whiteparish, Wilts.

</doc>
<doc id="20683735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683735" title="Erik Bjørkum">
Erik Bjørkum

Erik Bjørkum (born 26 February 1965) is a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He received a silver medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, together with Ole Petter Pollen.
Bjørkum resides at Høvik.

</doc>
<doc id="20683736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683736" title="Minuscule 30">
Minuscule 30

Minuscule 30 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 522 (Von Soden) is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 313 paper leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 15th-century. Formerly Colbertinus 4444. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 313 paper leaves (22.7 cm by 14.9 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 14 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin (in Greek and Latin) and their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is no another division according to the Ammonian Sections with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
Scrivener suggested it was made by the same scribe (George Hermonymus), who copied Minuscule 17 and 70, whose text is much resembles.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
It belongs to the textual cluster 17 along with manuscripts 70, 120, 287, 288, and 880.
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 15th-century.
The manuscript once belonged to J. B. Hantin, a French numismatic. Bishop Moore in 1706 took this manuscript from Hantin's library. It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein.
It was examined and described by John Mill (Colbertinus 4 for Matthew), Scholz (1794-1852) and Paulin Martin. Scholz found that its text much resembles minuscule 17. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1884.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 100) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20683746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683746" title="Hilly Hicks, Jr.">
Hilly Hicks, Jr.

Hilly Hicks, Jr. (born May 11, 1970) is an award-winning American playwright and screenwriter.
Life and career.
Hilly Gene Hicks, Jr. was born on May 11, 1970 in Los Angeles, California. His father is actor Hilly Hicks and his mother is psychiatrist Greta Johnson Mandell. 
Hicks graduated from John Muir High School in Pasadena, California, after which he attended Occidental College in Los Angeles before transferring to New York University to pursue his creative interests. Hicks graduated from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and the Columbia University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences. 
Hicks is the author of the children's play "The Breeze, the Gust, the Gale, and the Wind", which was commissioned and produced by La Jolla Playhouse, and "How to Unload a Dishwasher", which was commissioned and produced in Los Angeles by the Echo Theatre Company. His play "Artists & Criminals" was commissioned by South Coast Repertory and workshopped at the Mark Taper Forum. His play "A Hole in the Dark" was presented in Manhattan Theatre Club's reading series 6@6: Discovering the Next Generation, and was workshopped at the Lark Theatre Company in New York City. "A Hole in the Dark" was subsequently produced at the Horizon Theatre Company in Atlanta, at City Theatre in Pittsburgh, and The Blank Theater in Los Angeles. His play "The Home Life of Polar Bears" was developed at New York Theatre Workshop and the O'Neill National Playwrights Conference. It was further workshopped in the New Works Festival at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles and at Seattle Repertory Theatre. It was presented in the international exchange program at the Royal Court Theatre in London. His short play "Note To Self" was presented in the 2001 Humana Festival of New American Plays at the Actors Theatre of Louisville. He is also the co-author of "Uncle Sam's Satiric Spectacular", which was produced in the 2005 Humana Festival. Hicks's other plays include "The Trophy Room" 
and "Self-Portrait". His newest play is "The Tallest Girl in the Class", which was commissioned by City Theatre in Pittsburgh and developed in residence at the Sundance Theatre Institute’s playwrights retreat at the Ucross Foundation.
Hicks is the recipient of the Berilla Kerr Foundation Award for playwriting, a Backstage Garland Award for Best Play and a Van Lier Playwriting Fellowship from New York Theatre Workshop. In addition to City Theatre, South Coast Repertory and La Jolla Playhouse, he has been commissioned by Manhattan Theatre Club and the Atlantic Theater Company. His plays have been published by Dramatists Play Service and Playscripts, Inc.
For television, he was a staff writer for the prime time Fox series "Pasadena" with Dana Delany, the NBC drama "Kidnapped" and the Lifetime series "Army Wives." He was a co-writer of the Discovery Channel special "Beyond Tomorrow". He is currently a writer on the Showtime series "The Big C" starring Laura Linney.

</doc>
<doc id="20683749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683749" title="Shobu-Kuki transmitter">
Shobu-Kuki transmitter

The is located in Kuki, Saitama. It is the largest centre for mediumwave and shortwave broadcasting in Japan. It is fed over a 60000 volt powerline and there are two large mediumwave broadcasting antennas, one of them 240 metres tall.
The centre is operated by NHK.

</doc>
<doc id="20683764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683764" title="August Sørensen">
August Sørensen

August Emanuel Sørensen (November 15, 1876 – March 1, 1979) was a Danish track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Helsingør and died in Frederiksberg.
In 1920 he was a member of the Danish relay team which finish fifth in the 4x100 metre relay event. In the 100 metres competition as well as in the 200 metres event he was eliminated in the quarter-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20683765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683765" title="Bank of Baghdad">
Bank of Baghdad

The Bank of Baghdad (ISX: BBOB) is one of the largest commercial banks in Iraq. It was established in 1992.
Bank of Baghdad is a member of KIPCO group and enjoys international banking partnerships throughout the Middle East, North Africa, and further afield to Europe, United States of America, United Kingdom, and China which allows us to provide better regional banking services through sister banks in Kuwait, Bahrain, Jordan, Syria, Algeria and Tunis. Other financial services in the network for Investment and Asset Management are; United Gulf Bank Securities Company (UGBS), Bahrain, United Gulf Financial Services (UGFS), Qatar, KAMCO, Kuwait, Al Dhiyafa, Kuwait, Royal Capital, Abu Dhabi, UAE, North Africa Holding Company, Kuwait, and Manafae Investment Company, Kuwait. 
Commercial banking activities including deposits and loans; Financing activities including trade, industrial, agricultural and housing loans; investment services including real estate investment potfolios and security trading; life and non-life insurance services.
The Bank of Baghdad opened its first branch in Beirut, Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="20683797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683797" title="Mosaic (Fabergé egg)">
Mosaic (Fabergé egg)

The Mosaic egg is a jewelled enameled Easter egg made under the supervision of the Russian jeweller Peter Carl Fabergé in 1914. The egg was made for Nicholas II of Russia, who presented it to his wife, the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna on Easter 1914.
Design.
The Egg was crafted by Albert Holmström (1876–1925) under the supervision of Peter Carl Fabergé and is made of yellow gold, platinum, brilliant diamonds, rose-cut diamonds, ruby, emerald, topaz, sapphire, garnet, half-pearls, moonstone, white enamel and opaque pink enamel. It consists of a series of yellow gold belts which are pave-set with diamonds and a variety of gems in a floral pattern, providing a look of petit point tapestry work.
The pattern of the egg contains five oval panels bordered by half-pearls set in enamel, with brilliant diamonds placed at each intersection. The technical precision of the design was complemented by platinum that was cut, rather than welded. At the apex of the egg is a moonstone through which can be seen the year 1914 and Empress Alexandra's initials in Russian characters.
Inspiration.
The floral tapestry pattern was designed by Alma Theresia Pihl, who was inspired by needlework fire screens found in aristocratic sitting rooms of the time. Pihl was the niece of the egg's workmaster Albert Holmström, who came from a family of Finnish jewelers employed by Fabergé.
Surprise.
The pedestal surprise is made of gold, pearls, rose-cut diamonds, green garnets, translucent green, opaque white, opalescent pale pink, pale green and pale sepia grisaille enamel. The surprise is a removable miniature frame with relief profiles of Nicholas and Alexandra's five children in a cameo brooch style. The back of the frame is enameled with a sepia basket of flowers. The basket is bordered with the year 1914 and the names of each of the Romanov children (Anastasia Nikolaevna, Alexis Romanov, Olga Nikolaevna, Maria Nikolaevna, Tatiana Romanov). The frame rests on a gold stand in the shape of the royal crown and is held in place within the egg by gold clips.
History.
The Mosaic Egg was commissioned by Tsar Nicholas II and presented to his wife, Empress Alexandra Fedorovna for Easter 1914. It was later confiscated, along with much of the family's belongings, by the provisional government in 1917 during the Russian Revolution. In 1933 the egg was sold by the Antikvariat to an unknown buyer for 5,000 roubles, though the Royal Collection online object description suggests that it was likely purchased by Armand Hammer. On 22 May 1933 it was purchased from Cameo Corner, London by King George V for 250 pounds "half cost", likely as a gift for Queen Mary's birthday.
The Mosaic Egg remains a part of the Royal Collection of Queen Elizabeth and was included in a public display from July to October 2011 in the exhibit "Royal Faberge" during the summer opening of Buckingham Palace.
Other Fabergé eggs in the Royal Collection include:

</doc>
<doc id="20683812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683812" title="All Saints' Church, Freshwater">
All Saints' Church, Freshwater

All Saints' Church, Freshwater is a parish church in the Church of England located in Freshwater, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval. is one of the oldest churches on the Isle of Wight, and was listed in the Domesday survey of 1086. Mark Whatson is the pastor of All Saints, which is an Anglican church in the Anglican Diocese of Portsmouth. A primary school associated with the church is nearby. 
Memorials.
There is a marble memorial commemorating Alfred Tennyson, 1st Baron Tennyson in All Saints Church. His wife Emily Tennyson, Baroness Tennyson, son Hallam Tennyson, 2nd Baron Tennyson and other family members are buried in the church cemetery. The church is also the site of a memorial to Tennyson's son, Lionel Tennyson, who died of malaria in 1886. Inside the Church there are memorial plaques to members of the Crozier Family who resided nearby. Lady Mary Martin is also remembered on a plague her maiden name being Crozier. Admirial Crozier is buried near to Lord Tennyson in a large Table Tomb. The wynch Gate was built compete with roof in memory of The Crozier Family.
Parish status.
The church is in a united parish with St. Agnes' Church, Freshwater.
Organ.
The organ was built in 1905 by Henry Speechley and Sons. 
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683821" title="India Uncut">
India Uncut

India Uncut is a popular Indian weblog turned website published by Bastiat prize winner Amit Varma.
The original India Uncut began as a blog in December 2004. Amit Varma was then managing editor of Cricinfo, but decided to shift to being a consultant so that he would have more time to do his own writing. Amit's experimentation with a new medium took off and gained more readers than he had anticipated.
Much of Amit's freelance writing, such as Op-Eds for the Wall Street Journal Asia, were elaborations on ideas that were initially explored on the blog.
However, India Uncut was, most of the time, a filter-and-comment blog. Some of its readers often chose coming to India Uncut over reading a morning newspaper, and wanted lots of links. Others hated the one-line link posts, and wanted him to write more.
To evolve the blog, on February 15, 2006 the new India Uncut was created in collaboration with Madhu 'Madman' Menon. It sought to expand the ways in which it can bring pleasure to readers. The new sections were:
Amit Varma had a narrow escape from the November 2008 Mumbai Attacks and his subsequent blog post attracted a substantial amount of hits thereafter. He was even featured on Larry King Live following his close shave.
Amit Varma was also recently named in the" Business Week" Magazine list of India's 50 most powerful people.
Hachette India launched his first book "My Friend Sancho" in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20683874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683874" title="1. národní hokejová liga">
1. národní hokejová liga

The 1. národní hokejová liga ("First National Hockey League") is the second-level ice hockey league in the Czech Republic under the Extraliga. It began in 1993 and is run and administered by Czech Ice Hockey Association.
Format.
In the first phase, every team plays each other four times, which makes for a 52 game section of the regular season. The fifty two game phase will allow each team to play two home games against each team, which also allows every team to play two road games in every opposing team's arena.
In the end of their 52 game regular season, the teams are seeded for the playoffs. All the rounds in play off (quarterfinal, semifinal and final) are played as best of seven series. The winner of the Finals plays with last placed team of Extraliga in a best of seven series. The winner of this series is promoted to Extraliga for the following season.
Three points are awarded for a win in regular time, and two points for an overtime victory, while the defeated team in overtime gets one point. If necessary, penalty shots are used to decide games after overtime.
The level of 1.národní hokejová liga is slightly lower than Czech Extraliga but there is a lot of players moving between those two leagues every season. Each team in this league is allowed to have 5 imports. The league has no wage limitations, average wage is $ 2200 a month, but some of the best players reportedly signed contracts for more than $ 5000 a month, plus most of the teams cover accommodation expenses for their players during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20683875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683875" title="Borderside">
Borderside

Borderside, also known as Brydon Mansion, was a historic home located at Bloomington, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It was a -story, with 3-story tower, Italianate style brick structure that burned in the mid- to late 1970s. The tower had a pronounced bell-curve Mansard roof. It was built in 1870 for William A. Brydon, a coal and lumber dealer and member of the Maryland House of Delegates in 1867.
Borderside was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20683890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683890" title="Bahá'í Faith in Scotland">
Bahá'í Faith in Scotland

The Bahá'í Faith in Scotland is a minority religion. According to the 2001 Census in Scotland, roughly four hundred people living there declared themselves to be Bahá'ís, compared to a 2004 figure of approximately 5,000 Bahá'ís in the United Kingdom.
Scotland's Bahá'í history began around 1905 when European visitors, Scots among them, met `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in Ottoman Palestine. One of the first and most prominent Scots who became a Bahá'í was John Esslemont. Starting in the 1940s a process of moving to promulgate the religion called pioneering by Bahá'ís began for the purpose of teaching the religion. These were joined by new converts and established local Spiritual Assemblies and eventually a National Bahá'í Council for Scotland was elected under the Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United Kingdom.
Bahá'ís are known for their inter-faith activities in Scotland even to the point of being disproportionately represented in groups working in this area as it is part of their religious aims. Such groups are a good platform for the Bahá'ís to publicise themselves.
Early days.
Upto to World War I.
In 1895, Scotsman Thomas Edward Gordon published Persia Revisited which mentions the Báb and the Babis, whom Bahá'ís claim to be predecessors of their religion. covering largely events circa 1891.
In 1908, the Young Turks revolution freed all political prisoners in the Ottoman Empire, including `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the Bahá'í Faith. With the freedom to leave the country, in 1910 he embarked on a three-year journey to Egypt, Europe, and North America, publicising the Bahá'í message.
`Abdu'l-Bahá returned to the British Isles and, recalling an invitation in 1905 by Jane Whyte, wife of Alexander Whyte, and others who visited him in Ottoman Palestine, he chose to visit in Edinburgh in 1913. A journal of his visit, including entries written in Edinburgh is still extant. See `Abdu'l-Bahá's journeys to the West.
It has been claimed that Jane Whyte (1857–1944) was the first Scottish Bahá'í. She visited `Abdu'l-Bahá in Akko (then in Palestine). A Scotsman resident in London, A.P. Cattanach, is also listed as a member prior to 1913.
After his last return to Palestine `Abdu'l-Bahá mentioned various parts of the British Isles. He wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States in 1916–1917; these letters were compiled together in the book "Tablets of the Divine Plan". The seventh of the tablets mentioned European regions where the religion was not already present like the Shetland Islands. It was written on 11 April 1916, but was delayed in being presented in the United States until 1919—after the end of the First World War and the Spanish flu. The seventh tablet was translated and presented on 4 April 1919, and published in "Star of the West" magazine on 12 December 1919 and mentioned the islands. He says:
For his actions `Abdu'l-Bahá was knighted by the British Mandate for Palestine for his humanitarian efforts during the war.
The development of the religion in Scotland suffered a serious blow in 1921 when `Abdu'l-Bahá died. This caused a decline in membership and activities until the mid-thirties.
John Esslemont.
In 1955, John Esslemont was posthumously described by Shoghi Effendi, then head of the Bahá'í Faith, as one of the "three luminaries of the Irish, English and Scottish Bahá'í communities"
Born in Aberdeen in 1874, Esslemont had become the first Bahá'í of Bournemouth in early 1915 after hearing of the religion in December 1914 from a co-worker's wife who had met `Abdu'l-Bahá in 1911 and had some pamphlets to share.
Circa 1918, `Abdu'l-Bahá wrote a tablet in Esslemont's honour and also mentioned interest in a book he was working on. After receiving an early draft of this book `Abdu'l-Bahá invited Esslemont to Palestine which he accomplished in the winter of 1919–20, after the Battle of Megiddo (1918) settled the land. Ultimately `Abdu'l-Bahá was able to personally review several chapters. News of Esslemont's declaration of faith, and his forthcoming book, played a role in establishing the beginning of the Bahá'í Faith in Australia. This book in development was to became the well-known introductory book on the Bahá'í Faith, "Bahá'u'lláh and the New Era", which was originally published in 1923 and has been translated into numerous languages and remains a key introduction to the religion.
Esslemont was elected chairman of the assembly of Bournemouth when it was elected in a few years and later as vice-chairman of the national assembly until he left the country in 1924 following the closing of the sanatorium where he had been employed. He then traveled to Palestine to assist in translation work. In 1925, the first Bahá'í of New Zealand, Margaret Stevenson, had gone on pilgrimage and the group she was in spent time in the UK afterwards – Esslemont specifically urged her to visit his family in Scotland.
Shoghi Effendi, head of the religion after the death of `Abdu'l-Bahá, posthumously designated Esslemont as the first of the Hands of the Cause he appointed, and as one of the Disciples of `Abdu'l-Bahá. Esslemont was also an accomplished medical doctor and linguist becoming proficient in western and eastern languages.
Other developments.
In late 1926 Martha Root, a Bahá'í well known for travelling widely in the world, travelled to Scotland for an Esperanto convention joined by Lydia Zamenhof, daughter of the founder of Esperanto and who carried on that work, after she also became a Bahá'í. In 1927, a Caithness paper, the "John O' Groats Journal" carried a story on the religion.
A Spiritual Assembly, elected councils of 9 adults that govern in the religion because the Bahá'í Faith has no clergy, was elected in Edinburgh in 1939 and is the longest continuously operating assembly in Scotland.
Bahá'ís sought non-combatant status in World War Two when drafted and often served as medics.
Post-World War II history.
In 1946, a great pioneering movement began with sixty percent of the British Bahá'í community eventually relocating. Intranationally this effort would take the Bahá'í Faith to Scotland, Wales, and Ireland and raising the numbers of Local Assemblies in the British Isles. In 1946, first of these to Scotland was Dr. M. Said of Egypt in 1946, who was joined in 1947, by Isobel Locke (later Sabri) and John Marshall, a native Scot who had met `Abdu'l-Bahá in 1911. The first to become a Bahá'í in this period (in March 1948) was Dr. William Johnston, who had met `Abdu'l-Bahá in Edinburgh in 1913.
The first continuously functioning local spiritual assembly of Scotland was formed in Edinburgh when it was elected in 1948. Then in 1953, a number of Bahá'ís spread out across Scotland – Brigitte Hasselblatt, an Estionian, arrived in Lerwick, Charles Dunning moved to Orkney followed by Daryoush Mehrabi and a Bahá'í arrived in Stornoway. The first Bahá'í convert outside the mainland of Scotland then joined the religion – Lilaian McKay in September 1956 in Shetland and in 1963 she attended the first Bahá'í World Congress. There have been Bahá'ís in Inverness since 1959 when Harold and Betty Shepherd pioneered there. Hasselblatt moved to Finland, where she married, in 1959.
Late Twentieth Century.
In 1960 the Bahá'ís of Edinburgh held an observance of World Religion Day at the Grosvenor Hotel, in Haymarket. The first Spiritual Assembly of Inverness was elected in April 1962. Gloria Faizi, wife of Abu'l-Qásim Faizi, was the first Bahá'í to visit the outlying islands of Shetland, such as Fetlar, Unst, Yell, Whalsay and the Out Skerries in 1964. The first Orcadian assembly was elected in Kirkwall in 1969, with four natives of Orkney. Its nine members were: Shezagh King, Daryoosh Mehrabi, Adele Senior, Jacqueline Mehrabi, Moira Macleod, Ernest Bertram, Parvin Jahanpour, Eric King, and Violet Bertram.
The first Bahá'í of Midlothian joined the religion in 1968.
Later, in 1969, Hand of the Cause Jalál Kházeh visited Scotland as far north as the Orkney Islands.
Harold and Betty Shepherd moved from Inverness to Uganda in 1972, where they helped run a primary school and renovate the Bahá'í House of Worship there. Following that service, the Shepherds moved back to Scotland, eventually to the Orkney Islands in 1976, where Harold died in 1980.
In 1972 the local assembly of the Bahá'ís of Lerwick was first elected.
Alexe Cookson was born on the Isle of Harris, Outer Hebrides, Scotland, and about 1918 moved to New Zealand where she became a Bahá'í in 1964. She also went on pilgrimage and on the return trip went to Scotland where she died in Fort William.
In 1975 the assembly of Mull was first elected with members from the towns of Tobermory, Salen, and Kilchrenan, and from the Isle of Ulva.
In 1978 Scotland became the first part of the UK to recognize Bahá'í marriage ceremonies as legally binding.
In 1981 Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khánum, visited Edinburgh and the Shetland Islands. While in Edinburgh she preached on some matters of interest to local Baha'is, such as that the eagle marker for Shoghi Effendi's grave was bought in Edinburgh, that one her parents was Scottish (she claimed descent from Clan McBean, Clan Sutherland and Clan Maxwell) how she and Shoghi Effendi had visited the area twice after World War II – seeing Loch Lomond, Gleneagles, Stirling, Edinburgh and Glasgow.
In 1989 the Skye community received its first adult convert and in 1991 held the first election of the Local Spiritual Assembly of Skye and Kyle of Lochalsh was held.
Modern community.
The recent community of Bahá'ís have been involved in a variety of projects and undertakings and is organized under the Bahá’í Council for Scotland, also known as "Comhairle Luchd Bahà-i na h-Alba" , under the National Spiritual Assembly for the Bahá'ís of the United Kingdom. The 2012 members of the Council are:
Allan Forsyth, Chairman, (Liaison member for Ayrshire, Lochaber, Mull, Argyll) Maureen Sier, Vice-Chair, (Liaison member for Caithness and Sutherland, Inverness, Moray, Renfrew and Inverclyde) Anwen Shahim, Secretary, (Liaison member for Central, Fife and Kinross, Perth and Kinross) Venus Alae-Carew, Treasurer, (Liaison member for Dumfries and Stewartry, Wigtownshire, Arran, Lanarkshire), Hari Docherty, (Liaison member for Borders) Nahid Donald, (Liaison member for Aberdeen, Banff and Buchan, Upper Strathdon, Upper Strathdee), Alan McKay, (Liaison member for Orkney, Shetland) Rolf Schmidt, (Liaison member for Edinburgh, Lewis and Harris, Skye, Uist and Barra) and Wendy Keenan.
A new national Bahá’i centre in Scotland took place on 23 May 2011, on the anniversary of the Declaration of the Báb and accepted by Bahá'ís as the inception of their religion. Over 80 guests heard Kenny MacAskill, Scottish Minister for Justice, giving the opening address.
Interfaith and public activities.
In the teachings of the Bahá'í Faith, Jesus is considered to be one of a number of Manifestations of God, a concept in the Bahá'í Faith that refers to what are commonly called prophets. Mohammed, Moses, Buddha, Krishna, and Bahá'u'lláh are also considered Manifestations of God.
The Dumfries Inter-Faith Group formed in 1998, at the initiative of the Bahá'í community, and as of 2005 still had a Bahá'í member.
Bahá'ís have participated in the regional Scottish Inter-Faith Council since at least 2002.
A "World Religions" class including one session on the Bahá'í Faith was offered at the University of Dundee as part of its Continuing Education program as an initiative by a Bahá'í and organized in conjunction with Dundee Inter-Faith Association after two years of insufficient interest in holding a class just on the Bahá'í Faith.
At the invitation of the Moderator of the Church of Scotland in the winter of 2002–2003 an interfaith delegation from Scotland including a Bahá'í attended the Brussels European Union Commission and Parliament including Scottish MEPs. The Bahá'í representative reports the politicians he spoke with had heard of the religion before. This same year, for the first time, the Church of Scotland received representatives of the non-Christian faiths of Scotland at its 18 May General Assembly as a result of a major theme of that year's Moderator: to progress interfaith dialogue in Scotland. Both the outgoing and incoming Moderators commented on the representatives of the religions that had been invited and attended: the Bahá’í, Buddhist, Jewish and Sikh faiths. The Moderator then asked the representatives of these faiths to stand and invited the General Assembly to show its appreciation. The ovation from those gathered was warm, sincere, long and very moving. Bahá'í support for the effort was specific as a result of the then recent letter of the Universal House of Justice "Message to the World's Religious Leaders" released the previous April.
On 28 October 2003, the Bahá'í pamphlet "Treasuring Our Youth" was officially presented to the Scottish Inter-Faith Council. The religion was represented at a religion and faith focus group in Glasgow, on 1 December 2008 on the issue of a "Patients' Rights Bill for Users of the NHS in Scotland" organised by the Scottish Inter-Faith Council. There is a Bahá'í representative to the local interfaith council in Sheltand Island as well.
Also in 2005 the second "Edinburgh International Festival of Middle Eastern Spirituality and Peace" took place over an extended period from mid February to early March. Many performances and events were offered by Bahá'ís in the proceedings including – a selection of The Hidden Words was set with music for viola, an event on "Tranquility Space" by the University of Edinburgh Baha'i Society, "The Baha'i Faith Exhibition", created originally for the St Mungo Museum of Religious Life and Art, a two-hour guided tour of some of the places where `Abdu'l-Bahá spoke at or visited in Edinburgh in 1913, and a talk by Bahá'í scholar Dr Moojan Momen.
The Bahá'ís published "World Religions; The Bahá'í Faith (A Pack for Primary Schools)" which covers most of the "Attainment Targets and strands" delineated in the Scottish Education Department’s "5–14 Document" for the teaching of World Religions in schools (Religious and Moral Education) by 2006.
On 18 January 2006, the Scottish Parliament opened its prayer meeting with a "Time for Reflection" presented by Carrie Varjavandi. She represented the Bahá'í Council for Scotland explained elements of the history and teachings of the religion.
In 2009, the religion was represented in the chaplaincy and spiritual care in NHS Scotland through its "Spiritual Care Development Committee".
In 2007 the Scottish Interfaith Council produced a booklet, "Religion and Belief Matter: An Information Resource for Healthcare Staff" reviewing issues member religions have in medical care situations. The Bahá'í Faith section notes Bahá'ís accept a role for prayer when ill, there is a regular period of fasting in March when not sick, and that there are requirements in the case of death. The Council also produced a booklet "A Guide to Faith Communities in Scotland" reviewing members of the council including introductory information, a space for societal issues and giving voice to concerns the faiths have for society. The Bahá'í entry notes "Baha‘is are concerned about anything that leads to conflict or disunity in the community or in the world. To this end, they are encouraged to support activities which further one or all of the principles of their faith. Baha‘is are encouraged to protect the interests of their community and country but are also expected to take on the role and responsibility of world citizens."
Womens' activities.
The "Association of Baha'i Women (Scotland)" held its inaugural meeting in Glasgow on 3 November 1999, with the UK National Spiritual Assembly chairman, Wendi Momen, and director of the Office for the Advancement of Women, Zarin Hainsworth-Fadaei, travelling from London, the English capital, for the occasion. It has met often with local and regional women's groups through 2001. The group has also held inter-faith activities as recently as 2012.
Research in Glasgow.
In 2005, tensions were noted among the religions of Glasgow especially following September the Eleventh, but faith communities, including the Bahá'ís, thought greater cooperation and outreach with Glasgow City Council was important while at the same time acknowledging some gaps in understanding coming from both sides. A university review of the situation in Glasgow, pointed out that the Bahá'ís and Jews were the only religions in Glasgow giving a high priority to inter-faith work, resulting in representation above their proportion in the community, and that it was the Bahá'ís who were able to assist the researchers in identifying participants from faith groups other than their own – and that such openness was a foundational quality of Bahá'ís. The same research included a survey where 13 out of 14 Bahá'í respondents felt their community’s inter-faith involvement was "about right" while most thought Glasgow City Council’s involvement in inter-faith activities needed to expand. In 2005 an Inter-faith Liaison Officer for the City Council of Glasgow was piloted for three years to address issues of sectarianism and included the Bahá'í Faith as a contact point.
Youth activities.
In 2003 the youth "Bahá'í Workshop" (see Oscar DeGruy) named "Northern Lights" toured many events in the year. The dance troupe disband in 2004 but at a civic "Drugs Awareness" event in Glasgow there was a video presentation which, unknown to the group, included the Northern Lights ‘Drug Dance’ and mentioned that Northern Lights were a Bahá’í youth group who were opposed to the drug culture. In November 2006, a junior youth group was registered with the government in Inverness – have a section regarding adolescents about ages 12 to 15 and in this case it included a dance "Bahá'í workshop" on diversity.
"The History of the Bahá’í Faith in Orkney" was produced by a 13-year old junior youth for the Orkney Heritage Society who was awarded her one of twelve runners-up places and a "Very Highly Commended" certificate.
Three junior youth groups were run by Bahá'ís in Shetland in 2010.
Persecution of Bahá'ís in Iran.
From initiatives of Bahá'ís and the considered opinions of leaders various individuals have spoken out about Iran's treatment of Bahá'ís in Scotland.
In 1995 the spiritual assembly of the Bahá'ís of Edinburgh welcomed Olya Roohìzadegan to the chaplaincy centre of the University of Edinburgh who addressed the audience on the martyrdom of Mona Mahmudnizhad she witnessed.
In 2010 a Dundee SNP MP, Stewart Hosie, called on British PM David Cameron to act on behalf of a group of Iranian prisoners who have been jailed for their religious beliefs. There was also coverage of the persecution on local TV news. Also in 2010, Cardinal O' Brien of the Roman Catholic Church issued a public statement in which he condemned Iran's treatment of Bahá'ís:
Indeed at least one resident in Scotland had herself escaped after her husband was killed according to her own testimony, adding her voice to those of various international leaders.
Demographics.
The Scottish community of Bahá'ís numbered 421 people, 0.008% of the population of Scotland, according to the 2001 Census. Respondents had to use the "write in" section as it was not listed as an available choice. However across all of Scotland some householders were confused by the Census format or, for whatever reason, declined to follow its logic and it should be noted the census does not measure religious activity or commitment, but overall was supported as "robust, reliable and – crucially – representative" according to a University of Glasgow study. Non-Christian religions are less strong in Scotland than in the rest of the UK but relatively speaking, the Bahá’ís are better represented in Scotland than any other non-Christian community in proportion to its national community with 8% of its members living in Scotland. Indeed the religion is recognized world wide as the second-most geographically widespread religion after Christianity. This is partly because of their conscious effort to "pioneer" Scotland, by sending members there.
As of 2004 the elected Local Spiritual Assemblies of Scotland were: Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Inverness, Lerwick, Orkney Mainland East, and Skye Central.
The same University of Glasgow research included a focus providing a possible rough profile of the Glasgow Bahá'í community. Bahá'ís returned a maximum of 24 surveys in the various rounds of surveys. And when done according to language preference most were done in English – 16 were in English and 8 in Persian – the native language of Iranians where both the religion originated and where Persecution of Bahá'ís is well documented. Note also the only other group to report Persian returns was a women's group. The same research did a follow-up survey looking for ethnic breakdowns – 15 Bahá'í respondents included 6 from "Asian-Other" or "Mixed-Other".
In 2006 the regional community of Forth and Clyde was considered by Bahá'ís to be the best developed of Scotland.
Individuals of note.
Robert Ghillies is a Bahá'í composer that has had works performed nationally. His music features in "Tobermory and the Otter" and he's composed many pieces related to the religion.
Jackie Mehrabi is editor of the Bahá'í published magazine "Dayspring" and writer of children's literature, lives in Dumfries and received the 2011 Joe Foster Award for Services to Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20683897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683897" title="KMB Route 5">
KMB Route 5

KMB Route 5 is a bus route in Hong Kong which serves the most direct route between Tsim Sha Tsui and the Diamond Hill/Tsz Wan Shan area. The route is operated by Kowloon Motor Bus (KMB) between Fu Shan Estate and Star Ferry. The route via Tsim Sha Tsui, Ma Tau Wai, Kowloon City, Diamond Hill and Choi Hung Estate.
History.
This route originated from Route 3 (Kowloon City - Star Ferry) which was launched by Kai Tak Bus Company Limited in 1920s, plying between Kowloon City to Tsim Sha Tsui (Star Ferry), and the franchise was transferred to KMB on June 11, 1933. However the service was terminated in December 1941 due to Fall of Hong Kong.
The service was resumed at April 21, 1946 with the route number at 5, between Tsim Sha Tsui (Star Ferry) and Hung Hom, with only spilt service on morning and evening peak hours, with several months later extended to Kowloon City and upgraded to full-day service. The terminus was then extended to Ngau Chi Wan in 1947 and relocated to Choi Hung Estate on January 24, 1965.
Due to demand of residents of Fu Shan Estate and Diamond Hill, the terminus of Rt.5 was swapped with Rt. 203E and relocated to Fu Shan on June 22, 2008. However, due to planned demolition of Tsim Sha Tsui (Star Ferry) Bus Terminus, the Tsim Sha Tsui Terminus was relocated to Tsim Sha Tsui East (Mody Road) which was located near East Tsim Sha Tsui Railway Station. This route change had triggered the general public's concern on the future of Star Ferry Bus Terminus at Tsim Sha Tsui with the pressure group Our Bus Terminal formed in the same year, with the research result of effect of relocation of Star Ferry Bus Terminus was accepted and presented in the 12th International Seminar of Forum UNESCO – University and Heritage hosted in Hanoi, Vietnam on April 5–10, 2009.
Tsim Sha Tsui terminus was relocated to Star Ferry on February 20, 2010, full fare was increased to $3.7 (non-air-conditioned) and $5.0 (air-conditioned).
This route was converted into full air-conditioned service on September 23, 2011.
Route information.
Frequency.
From Fu Shan.
"Mon - Fri"
"Sat"
"Sunday & Public Holidays"
From Star Ferry.
"Mon - Fri"
"Sat"
"Sunday & Public Holidays"
Routing.
From Fu Shan: Po Kong Village Road, Hammer Hill Road, Choi Hung Road, Prince Edward Road East, Ma Tau Chung Road, Ma Tau Wai Road, Chatham Road North, Chatham Road South, Salisbury Road.
From Star Ferry: Salisbury Road, Mody Road, Chatham Road South, Cheong Wan Road, Hong Tai Path, Hong Chong Road, Chatham Road North, Ma Tau Wai Road, Ma Tau Chung Road, Prince Edward Road East, Choi Hung Road, Hammer Hill Road, Po Kong Village Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20683906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683906" title="St. Agnes' Church, Freshwater">
St. Agnes' Church, Freshwater

St. Agnes' Church, Freshwater is a parish church in the Church of England located in Freshwater, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church dates from 1908 and is by the architect Isaac Jones.
Tennyson's son, Hallam donated land for a new church in Freshwater Bay. Hallam's wife Audrey suggested that the church be named for St. Agnes. St. Agnes Church was consecrated 12 August 1908. It is the only thatched church on the Isle of Wight.
The stone used to build the Church came from an old and derelict farm house on Hooke Hill, Freshwater, and the date stone 1622 was incorporated into the vestry wall, thus rather misleading those who may think the Church belonged to the 17th century".
Parish status.
The church is in a united parish with All Saints' Church, Freshwater.
Organ.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683907" title="Nemertelline">
Nemertelline

Nemertelline is a neurotoxic tetra-pyridine compound originally found in the marine hoplonemertine worm "Amphiporus angulatus". These worms produce a variety of toxins which are used both in hunting their prey and in defending themselves from predators. Interest in potential application of this compound as an antifouling agent for boats and other marine installations has led to attempts to produce it synthetically by convenient routes.

</doc>
<doc id="20683911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683911" title="Floortje Smit">
Floortje Smit

Floortje Smit (born 16 July 1983, in Amsterdam) is a singer from the Netherlands.
Career.
In "Idols".
Smit's career started in season three of the Dutch TV talent show "Idols", the Dutch spin-off of Pop Idol. In a surprising twist, Smit, a big audience favorite with her girl-nextdoor image and very popular (she even performed on Koninginnedag for the Dutch queen) lost in the final to Raffaëla Paton. That she was an early favorite and that her name was already trademarked before the competition started led to allegations that the show's outcome was predetermined.
Solo career.
Despite losing the competition, she went on to start a music career; her first single, "Wake Up," was performed live for the first time in the municipality of Wijchen where, according to the local paper, she transformed herself from a run-off-the-mill singer into a diva, who gave the audience and the reviewer goosebumps.
She signed with the label The Entertainment Group in May 2006 after being turned down by BMG/Sony, which had an option to sign the runner-up in the competition. Her debut album, "Fearless", was released in 2007 and peaked at #43 and stayed on the charts for six weeks. A single from the album, "Starts With Goodbye," was a modest success; another song on the album, "All Over Again," is a duet with boyband singer Ronan Keating.
In "The Voice".
She had a come back in 2012 taking part in season 3 of "The Voice of Holland" as part of team VanVelzen reaching the Final 4 as the contestant representing him in the finals where she sang "Alone" and as a duet with her coach mentor VanVelzen the "Sing Sing Sing". She finished third overall in the contest behind winner Leona Philippo (Team Trijntje Oosterhuis) and Johannes Rypma (Team Nick & Simon).

</doc>
<doc id="20683917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683917" title="Shojiro Sugiyama">
Shojiro Sugiyama

Shojiro Sugiyama was born in Tokyo, Japan in 1929. In 1954, after training in two other styles of karate, he began studying with the Japan Karate Association of Tokyo (Yotsuya). He was invited to come to Chicago, U.S.A. to teach karate in 1963. Through the late 60's and 70's, Sugiyama Sensei is credited with building and promoting Shotokan karate throughout the entire midwest region. Many of his original students have gone on to create their own dojos throughout Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Michigan and Wisconsin. In recent years, Sugiyama has increased his focus towards the use and development of ki (Chinese, Qi), in order to improve karate training and create a radar system for martial artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20683930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683930" title="Creedmore (Mountain Lake Park, Maryland)">
Creedmore (Mountain Lake Park, Maryland)

Creedmore is a historic home located at Mountain Lake Park, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It is a large -story frame house built in the Queen Anne style. The house was built in 1903–1904 and has many distinctive architectural features, including oval windows, an unusual roofline, and an extensive use of shingling. It was constructed originally as a summer residence. 
Creedmore was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20683935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683935" title="Richard W. Leopold">
Richard W. Leopold

Richard William Leopold (6 January 1912 in New York City – 23 November 2006 in Evanston, Illinois) was a prominent diplomatic historian at Northwestern University.
Early life and education.
The second son of Harry Leopold, Sr., and Ethel Kimmelstiel, Richard Leopold grew up on the upper west side of Manhattan. He attended the Franklin School before attending Phillips Exeter Academy in 1926, where he graduated cum laude in 1929. He then went to Princeton University, graduating Phi Beta Kappa in 1933 with highest honors.
After Princeton, he studied at Harvard under Arthur M. Schlesinger, Sr.. He received his master's degree in 1934 and a Ph.D. in 1938. The book based on his dissertation, "Robert Dale Owen" (Harvard University Press, 1940) a study of the Indiana congressman and utopian socialist, won the John H. Dunning Prize of the American Historical Association.
During World War II, he was commissioned as a naval officer and assigned to the Office of Naval Records and Library in Washington, where he devised system to cope with organizing the reports and materials relating to the ongoing naval operations.
Academic career.
After his release from active service in the United States Navy, he returned to Harvard University for two years and then joined the history faculty of Northwestern University in 1948, where he remained for his entire career. In 1963, he was appointed William Smith Mason Professor of History at Northwestern and served in that position until he retired 31 August 1980.
Among the prominent students whom Leopold influenced in their careers were Sen. George McGovern (D-SD), former Rep. Richard Gephardt (D-MO), Rep. James Kolbe (R-AZ), former assistant secretary of state Phyllis E. Oakley, historian John Morton Blum, journalist Georgie Anne Geyer, and television and motion picture director Garry Marshall.
Leopold served on numerous governmental advisory committees, including the Secretary of the Navy's Advisory Committee on Naval History, The Department of State Historical Advisory Committee, The Department of the Army Historical Advisory Committee, Atomic Energy Commission's Historical Advisory Committee, CIA Historical Review Panel and Library of Congress. He was a member of the Editorial Advisory Committee for the "Papers of Woodrow Wilson" and of the board of directors for the Harry S. Truman Library Institute. He was president of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations in 1970 and of the Organization of American Historians in 1976.
In 1984, the Organization of American Historians established the Richard W. Leopold Prize, which is awarded biannually. In 1990, Northwestern University established the annual Richard W. Leopold Lectureship at Northwestern in his honor, and, in 1997, endowed the Richard W. Leopold Professorship in American history.

</doc>
<doc id="20683950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683950" title="Tony DiLeo">
Tony DiLeo

Tony DiLeo (born August 8, 1955) is an American basketball executive and former coach. He served as the 21st head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA, taking over the position mid-season on December 13, 2008 after then-head coach Maurice Cheeks was fired after starting the season with a 9–14 record. The team went 32–27 under DiLeo's leadership (finishing the season 41-41 overall), and lost their Eastern Conference quarterfinals series to the Orlando Magic. At the end of the season, DiLeo withdrew his name from consideration to return as head coach, opting instead to return to the Sixers' front office as senior vice president and assistant general manager. In 2012, he was promoted to general manager.
High school.
DiLeo was a basketball star at Cinnaminson High School in Cinnaminson Township, New Jersey.
Collegiate career.
DiLeo played basketball at Tennessee Tech and La Salle University, where, as a junior, he was named first-team Academic All-American and went on to graduate maxima cum laude from the La Salle School of Business.
Professional career.
International basketball.
DiLeo was involved international basketball as both a player and a coach. He won nine national titles in the former West Germany's top divisions, seven in the women's (with DJK Agon 08 Düsseldorf) and two in the men's competition (with BSC Saturn Köln), and earned Coach of the Year honors in 1987. He also held the role of West German federation Women's National Coach from 1981–85. While in Europe, he wrote and published the European Basketball Handbook, a guide designed to acclimate American players overseas.
Philadelphia 76ers.
DiLeo has been a part of the 76ers basketball operations department since the 1990–91 season. After spending years within the organization in positions including director of scouting and assistant coach, DiLeo notably held the positions of Director of Player Personnel from 1999 to 2003 and was promoted to Senior vice president/assistant general manager in September 2003.
After the 76ers fired Maurice Cheeks on December 13, 2008, DiLeo was named interim head coach. Taking over the Sixers who had started the season with a 9-14 record, DiLeo managed to finish the 2008–09 season with a 41–41 record. This record was good enough to clinch the Sixers the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference for the playoffs and a matchup with the third seeded Southeast Division champion Orlando Magic. After taking game one of the series, the team lost four of five, including an ugly series-clinching loss in game six. On May 12, it was reported that DiLeo had asked team president and general manager Ed Stefanski to remove his name from consideration to return as head coach. DiLeo opted instead to return to the Sixers' front office as senior vice president and assistant general manager.
In 2012, DiLeo became the 76ers' general manager.
Personal.
DiLeo is married to Anna DiLeo, a former German Olympic and club basketball player, originally from Romania. They have two sons who both play college basketball – T. J., at Temple University, and Max, at Monmouth University. The family lives in South Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20683953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683953" title="Torksey Castle">
Torksey Castle

Torksey Castle is a manor house located in the centre of the village of Torksey on the east bank of the River Trent in Lincolnshire, England. It is 12 miles northwest of Lincoln on the A156 road. Seven miles to the north is Gainsborough Old Hall and 10 miles southeast is Lincoln Castle. It is a 16th-century Tudor stone-built fortified manor house founded by the Jermyn family of Suffolk. The building is on the Buildings at Risk Register. The site is strictly private, with no public access and is only visible from the A156 road and a public footpath, on the west bank of the River Trent.
History.
It is not known why Torksey Castle was built or why it was popularly termed a castle. The building was never used as a fortress and would not have been suitable for that purpose. A country house dating to the middle of the 16th century, it may have been built as a waypoint for the Jermyn family's travels to York or as a gift to one of their sons. In 1645, the property fell victim to the English Civil War. Having been taken from the Royalist Jermyn family by Parliamentarians, it was burned by Royalist soldiers based at Newark. Very little of the structure remained. 
Though the Jermyn family retained control of the estate after the Civil War, the property was not restored, but continued to deteriorate. The remains of the buildings were scavenged for usable building supplies by residents of the area. Also, the hall was built quite close to the flood-prone River Trent, which may have stood the family in good stead as a source of transportation and commerce (as the Lords of Torksey had been permitted to levy tolls on the river's travellers), but which also contributed to the damage of the building through flooding. In 1961, the Trent River board buried part of the ruins when raising the river bank. 
The English Heritage undertook the stabilisation of the building in the 1990s.
Origin of the name.
Although the structure is a hall rather than a castle, it bears similar architectural design features, including angular projecting towers and crow stepped gables. According to Heritage Lincoln, these features may have led to its being termed castle. Alternatively it may have been built on the site of an earlier medieval castle. 
Construction of the Hall.
It is obvious from the materials and architectural features of the remaining structure that the building was constructed, at least in layout if not in ornament, to the latest Renaissance fashion. The lower or ground floor level is built of thin limestone blocks, is very plain and has small mullioned windows, meaning it was probably used as the domestic area of the house, where the servants would have worked, but probably not slept. The upper level is built in brick and most probably constitutes a piano nobile, a principle still very much new in Northern Europe at the time. Brick at the time, although having been used previously, had rarely been in use in British secular architecture before this period. Brick was widely considered at this time a lavish building material, due to their handmade nature, the cost of the labour involved, and the scarcity of brick and its manufacture, it was often a case that the kilns used to fire the bricks were constructed afresh on the building site. All of which added to the expense. 
The hall consists of a planned series of ranges around a square courtyard. The symmetrical nature of the surviving main facade makes it a great departure from the usual ad hoc nature which preceded it, and indeed continued up until the mid-Seventeenth century. 

</doc>
<doc id="20683955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683955" title="Ernest Casimir I, Count of Nassau-Dietz">
Ernest Casimir I, Count of Nassau-Dietz

Ernst Casimir I of Nassau-Dietz (Dillenburg, 22 December 1573 – Roermond, 2 June 1632) was count of Nassau-Dietz and Stadtholder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe.
Biography.
He was the eleventh child of John VI, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and Countess Elisabeth of Leuchtenberg.
After the death of his father, the county of Nassau was divided among his five living sons, Ernst Casimir followed him as Count of Nassau-Dietz.
Ernst Casimir was primarily known as an outstanding military leader during the Eighty Years War.
He served under Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange in the siege of the cities of Steenwijk and Oldenzaal, and Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange during the Siege of Groenlo (1627) and the Siege of 's-Hertogenbosch. As Stadholder of Groningen he founded the Nieuweschans fortress in 1628. Although he owned little in Friesland, he was popular there, and people granted his heir the right to rule after his death.
Death.
He was killed by a bullet at the Siege of Roermond while he was inspecting the trenches in June 1632. His son, Hendrik Casimir I succeeded him as count of Nassau-Dietz and as stadholder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe.
Family.
In 1607 Ernst Casimir married Sophia Hedwig of Brunswick-Lüneburg, daughter of Henry Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. From this marriage nine children were born:

</doc>
<doc id="20683972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683972" title="Peter Hollins">
Peter Hollins

Peter Hollins (1 May 1800 – 16 August 1886) was an English sculptor.
He was born on 1 May 1800 in Great Hampton Street, Birmingham, the fourth surviving son of the sculptor and architect William Hollins. Several members of his family were involved in artistic pursuits, including a cousin, John Hollins, the son of a Birmingham glass painter, who found success as a painter of portraits and historical subjects in London. 
Peter Holins Hollins studied drawing under Vincent Barber and sculpture in his father's studio before moving to London to work for Francis Chantrey in 1822. He visited Italy around 1835 and returned to Birmingham in 1843 to take over his father's studio on Great Hampton Street in the Jewellery Quarter.
Showing both classical and romantic influences, he produced over sixty major works, including statuary at Malvern Priory, Bodelwyddan Castle, the Royal College of Surgeons and Weston Park.
Hollins was vice-President of the Royal Birmingham Society of Artists for thirty seven years, and also exhibited at the Royal Academy. Although he was less well known as a result of being based outside London for much of his career, Hollins' best work is considered to be the equal of that of Chantrey. His cousin, John Hollins, moved to London to paint portraits and became an associate of the Royal Academy.
Hollins became inactive later in life, due to his suffering from rheumatism, which was perhaps caused by prolonged working with wet clay in a cold studio. He died in the house of his birth on 16 August 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="20683987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683987" title="Zamir Ali Badayuni">
Zamir Ali Badayuni

Zamir Ali Badayuni (sometimes spelled "Badayooni" or "Badaiyuni") was a well-known critic and broadcaster on the Karachi literary scene in which he played an important role through his writing and his support for new trends and younger writers. The son of Yaqoob Ali, he was born 20 June 1941 in Badayun, UP, India and received his early education in Bombay before migrating to Pakistan. He was associated with the Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation where he became associated with stalwarts like Saleem Ahmed and Qamar Jameel. A keen student of literature and philosophy, he wrote two books. The first on Modernism And Post-Modernism, which received Baba-e-Urdu Award by the Pakistan Academy of Letters. The second, Mabaad-i-Jadeediat Ka Doosra Rukh, was published by Scheherzade publications. He received the Abdul Haq Award from Adbiat Pakistan.
Zamir Ali died in Karachi on October 20, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20683993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683993" title="University of Distance Education, Mandalay">
University of Distance Education, Mandalay

The University of Distance Education, Mandalay (, ), located in Mandalay, is one of two universities under the University of Distance Education system in Myanmar. With over 500,000 students mostly studying liberal arts and economics, the UDE system is the largest university in Myanmar. The Mandalay university serves distance education students in Upper Myanmar whereas the University of Distance Education, Yangon serves Lower Myanmar.
History.
The University of Distance Education system was established in July 1992 in Yangon. In 1998, the University of Distance Education, Mandalay was founded to serve Upper Myanmar. The Mandalay university handles 18 of the 32 campuses of the UDE system. The UDE's popularity has consistently increased. The enrollment in the university increased from over 38,000 in academic year 1987-88 to over 560,000 students in 2001-02.
Reflecting the country's low Internet penetration rates, the primary method of communication between the students and faculty is still by regular mail. Lectures for popular majors like economics and sciences are regularly broadcast over the country's Intranet available in over 700 e-Learning Centers throughout the country.
Programs.
The UDE offers 19 subjects, including economics, law and five science subjects. Economics and related subjects of Public Policy, Business Management and Home Economics attract most students.
Campuses.
In addition to its main campus in Mandalay, the university maintains branches in the following cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20684000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684000" title="St. Olave's Church, Gatcombe">
St. Olave's Church, Gatcombe

St. Olave's Church, Gatcombe is a parish church in the Church of England located in Gatcombe, Isle of Wight.
History.
Building began on the site in the 13th century and the church was dedicated in 1292. It originally served the Estur family as a chapel to Gatcombe House. The manor later passed into the hands of the Worsley family who provided the church with both financial support and a number of Rectors.
The tower contains three bells which are hung dead.
Stained glass.
The church is noted for its stained glass by William Morris dating from 1865 and 1866.
Tomb and effigy.
The tomb of Edward Estur, a Knight of the Crusades, is located in the church. A carved wooden effigy marks the location. An angel is by his head and a dog by his foot.
Organ.
The organ is by Henry Speechley and dates from 1919. It was overhauled in 2000 by Griffiths & Cooper and incorporated pipework from an organ in Upper Chine School, Shanklin. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20684026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684026" title="James Drane House">
James Drane House

The James Drane House is a historic home located at Accident, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, long rectangular log and frame structure with a pitched gable roof, and an exterior stone chimney. A small cemetery about 100 yards to the north marks the site of Zion Lutheran Church (dedicated in 1851), and includes a simple brown fieldstone headstone marked "J.D. June 27, 1828." The house was constructed about 1800 by James Drane, the first permanent settler in the Accident area. In the late 1980s the house was stabilized and restored through the efforts of the Town of Accident and numerous local volunteers.
The James Drane House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20684027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684027" title="John G. Hughes">
John G. Hughes

John G. Hughes was elected the second president of the National University of Ireland, Maynooth in 2004 for a ten-year term and is Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the National University of Ireland. He resigned this post in September 2010 to take up the position of Vice-Chancellor at Bangor University, Wales.
Life.
Professor Hughes was born and raised in Belfast, educated at St. Mary's Christian Brothers' Grammar School and at Queens University Belfast where he obtained a BSc with First Class Honours in Mathematics and a PhD in Theoretical Physics
Later academic career.
Following appointments at Queens and at the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, he became Professor of Information Systems Engineering at the University of Ulster in 1991. He held a range of senior academic positions at the University of Ulster and was actively involved in promoting research and technology transfer initiatives which attracted substantial funding to the University. He sits on the boards of a range of public and private sector organisations.
He has extensive international links in Europe, the US and Asia. He has initiated a large number of successful research collaborations with prestigious institutions including the Max-Planck Institutes, Carnegie-Mellon University, MIT and Tsinghua University in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20684069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684069" title="Minami-Kokura Station">
Minami-Kokura Station


</doc>
<doc id="20684078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684078" title="Japan Nation Party">
Japan Nation Party

The is a minor nationalist party in Japan that was founded in 1988. , it is not represented in either chamber of the Diet of Japan.
Political ideology.
The Japan Nation Party is on the political right. It promotes nationalism and wants Japan to become a "true national power". The party's stated goals are to "enrich people's freedom", show "respect for human rights", and promote "social equilibrium".
Political activities.
The party has taken part in Japanese upper house elections since 1992 and in lower house elections since 1993. In 1991, it ran as its candidate for Governor of Tokyo. Shirai is currently the party president.

</doc>
<doc id="20684080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684080" title="Nahum Langental">
Nahum Langental

Nahum Langental (, born 20 January 1960) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1999 and 2003.
Biography.
Langental studied law at university, gaining an LLB. He also studied history and the history of Israel, gaining a BA. He worked as an attorney.
For the 1999 elections he was placed sixth on the National Religious Party list, but missed out on a seat when they won only five mandates. However, he entered the Knesset on 15 July 1999 as a replacement for Yitzhak Levy, who resigned upon being appointed Minister of Housing and Construction. During his first term, he was a member of several committees, and chaired the Subcommittee for the War on Traffic Accidents, the Parliamentary Inquiry Committee on Traffic Accidents. the Subcommittee for Industry, Trade, and Hi-Tech and theSubcommittee for the Advancement of Women in the Workplace and Economy.
He lost his seat in the 2003 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20684130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684130" title="Universidade Federal do Pampa">
Universidade Federal do Pampa

The Universidade Federal do Pampa (Unipampa) is a public university established in 2006 in the Southern region of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. 
Universidade Federal do Pampa - Unipampa - was created by Law 11640 of January 11, 2008 as the Federal University of Pampa, with headquarters in the city of Bagé, in Rio Grande do Sul.
Unipampa has campi in Alegrete, Bagé, Caçapava do Sul, Dom Pedrito, Itaqui, Jaguarão, Santana do Livramento, São Borja, São Gabriel and Uruguaiana. 
The first exams for the Vestibular Unipampa occurred on December 17 and June 18, 2006. The first class was in September 2006. Entering Unipampa from 2010 was through ENEM SISU.
The first academic master's Unipampa was the Graduate Program in Electrical Engineering in the Alegrete campus recommended by CAPES in 2009 and activities started in August 2010.
Paleontology.
São Gabriel campus performs paleontological research, in the Geopark of Paleorrota. The research has been made between the São Gabriel city to the Bagé city and belong to the Permian period.
Undegraduate courses.
Alegrete Campus
Bagé Campus
Caçapava do Sul Campus
Dom Pedrito Campus
Itaqui Campus
Jaguarão Campus
Santana do Livramento Campus
São Borja Campus
São Gabriel Campus
Uruguaiana Campus

</doc>
<doc id="20684148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684148" title="Rocco DiSiglio">
Rocco DiSiglio

Rocco DiSiglio, also known as Rocky DiSiglio (born April 11, 1939 Newton, Massachusetts - April 3, 1966 East Boston, Massachusetts) was an American professional welterweight boxer and associate of the Patriarca crime family who was involved in armed robbery and illegal gambling.
Boxing career.
Little is known about his personal life except that he was born in Newton. His professional boxing record does not even contain a birth date for him. There are also discrepancies in the spelling of his last name, both "DeSiglio" and "DiSiglio" have been used by sources. As a professional boxer he used the "DiSiglio" spelling. the correct spelling is diseglio. He also used the name "Rocky", a derivative of his given name "Rocco". As an amateur boxer before he became professional he trained with future professional boxers Anthony Veranis, Joseph Barboza, Tommy Sullivan, George W. Holden, Americo Sacramone, Edward G. Connors and Joe DeNucci. He weighed between 141 and 148 pounds. He was also a criminal associate of mafioso boxer Joseph Barboza who would later lead Boston police to the site of his corpse.
Rocco fought his first professional fight on June 10, 1960 against Walter Giles at the Boston Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. His second match on July 19, 1960 he was matched up against Eddie Grenke at Veterans' Memorial Stadium in Quincy, Massachusetts. During his professional boxing career he weighed in between 144 and 145 pounds This match was Eddie Grenke's professional boxing debut. On October 31, 1961 he knocked out competitor Donald Mendes in Revere, Massachusetts in 1:50 and won the match. His last winning match was on February 2, 1962 when he knocked out Gene Garrison. Rocco himself was knocked out by Tommy Thibault on November 17, 1961 in Worcester, Massachusetts and again on January 9, 1962 in Revere by Jackie Lynch. His last professional boxing match was against Jesse Ammons on February 17, 1964 which he lost. His overall professional boxing record was three wins, four losses and one withdrawn match in a total of twenty-seven matches fought.
It is rumored by Howie Carr and former mobster Vincent Teresa that Rocco supplemented his petty boxer's income by being a prizefighter for members of the Patriarca crime family who had interests in illegal betting and professional sports. In 1964 he gave up his dreams of being a professional boxer entirely and became active in the Patriarca crime family. He was married to an Italian-American housewife and drove a burgundy 1962 Ford Thunderbird on a desolate street at night in his home city of Newton. He left behind a wife and no children.
Criminal career.
In 1966 Stephen Flemmi, acting as an informant told FBI agent H. Paul Rico that Rocco was robbing illegal card and dice games. There had been two dice games and three high-stakes card games that were held up by DiSiglio within three weeks. The most recent brazen robbery was on April 9, 1966 when five men burst in on a dice game that was happening at an address on the corner of Morton and Blue Hill Avenue in Mattapan, Boston with Bernard Zinna and Richard DiVincent, armed with sawed-off shotguns. They were robbing lucrative card games that he controlled in his territory of Newton and Lowell, Massachusetts overseen by Gennaro Anguilo, gambling czar for the Patriarca crime family which at the time was headed by Raymond Patriarca. They robbed the players of an estimated $4,500. None of the individuals bothered to wear ski masks during and all appeared to be of Italian ethnic extraction. DiSiglio was the "inside man" who saw to it that the door was unlocked for Zinna and DeVincent to come in unannounced and surprise the card players. One of them made a comment to the card players, "Larry told you not to run." Flemmi advised the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) that this was a reference to Ilario Zannino who oversaw a lucrative illegal barboot game that ran on Sundays in the neighborhood. One of the card players at this game had been relieved of $10,000 and he had just borrowed the money from a Jewish loan shark named "Richfield" in the North End, Boston so he could act as a loan shark at the high stakes card game for unfortunate players.
Retaliation from Gennaro Anguilo.
Patriarca crime family underboss and acting boss Gennaro Anguilo of the Angiulo Brothers quickly became infuriated with DiSiglio's maverick actions and robbing the patrons of his gambling operations.
In 1968, Patriarca crime family capo Gennaro Anguilo and two others were arrested and charged with first degree homicide but later acquitted. In August 1967, after H. Paul Rico testified before a Suffolk county grand jury about his conversations with Joseph Barboza concerning the murder of DiSiglio, the Boston SAC sent an urgent teletype to J. Edgar Hoover at 1:03 a.m. The Special Agent in charge noted that Suffolk County District Attorney Garret Bryne was commented that this "tremendous penetration into the La Cosa Nostra and the hoodlum element was effected through the outstanding investigative efforts of the FBI and his office." Joseph Barboza stated that Gennaro Anguilo summoned Bernard Zinna and Richard DeVincent and gave them a choice, to either carry out the murder of their former gang mastermind or be murdered themselves.
The following week, Zinna and DeVincent set up DiSiglio at a bar in East Boston, luring DiSiglio to ride with them. They drove over to a dark street and Mario exited the Thunderbird under the guise of picking up a stolen car for a robbery they had planned. As he sat in the driver's seat of his Ford Thunderbird Landau on a desolate street he was shot three times at close range in the head by DeVincent. They drove the car out to Danvers, Massachusetts and left it in the woods. Shortly after his murder Joseph Barboza became a stool pigeon and he identified DiSiglio's triggermen as police officers in the Boston Police Department, including the murderers of Edward Deegan.
One bullet tore off part of DiSiglio's face, another went through his head and out an eye socket. The murderers drove to Topsfield, Massachusetts and dumped the body in the Ipswich River Wildlife Sanctuary. Barboza told the jury that he knew this because the accused triggermen Zinna and Richard "Vinnie the Pig" DeVincent told him so after the slaying. DeVincent bragged about it. Barboza even went to see Gennaro Anguilo at his office: "I told him that Benny Zinna and Vinnie DeVincent told me that he gave the order to whack out Rocky DiSiglio or he would whack them out. The reason I wanted to know this was that DiSiglio was a friend of mine and to find out if he had done anything wrong on his part to be killed. I told Anguilo they were running at the mouth. That they came down and told me everything. Anguilo said that he would talk to Zinna and that he didn't trust 'the Pig.'" Joseph Barboza later revealed the location of where they had dumped DiSiglio's corpse to the police. They found him in the backseat of his Thunderbird in the woods abandoned outside of Danvers, Massachusetts. Soon after the charges against Bernard Zinna for his involvement in the murder of DiSiglio were dropped, he was executed gangland style by being shot twice in the back of his head as he sat in his own car by unknown gunmen. Homicide investigators were never able to charge anyone with the homicide, except Gennaro Anguilo most likely ordered his death for his mother who he allowed to give an interview to television reporter John Henning during the trial.
DeVincent was murdered by unknown members of the Patriarca crime family in Medford, Massachusetts on April 3, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20684171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684171" title="This Would Be Paradise">
This Would Be Paradise

...This Would Be Paradise is the debut EP by the Canadian alternative rock musician Melissa Auf der Maur, released on November 11, 2008 on Urbinated Music. It was Auf der Maur's first independent release following her departure from Capitol Records in 2006. Two of the three songs featured on the EP—"The Key" and "This Would Be Paradise"— were later released on Auf der Maur's second studio album, "Out of Our Minds" (2010). The EP's second track "Willing Enabler" was an EP-only track.
The EP was recorded during the sessions "Out of Our Minds" during 2007 and 2008 and produced by Auf der Maur, Jordon Zadorozny and Chris Goss. Auf der Maur self-financed the recording and released the EP as a digital download package and limited edition 7" record. Auf der Maur embarked on a six date North American and European tour to support the EP's release. Upon its release, the EP received positive reviews but failed to chart. Following its release, Auf der Maur was signed to PHI, a multimedia production company based in Montreal, Canada. The title is a quote from Canadian Tommy Douglas, who said "...if only could walk the earth like a man, this would be paradise."
Personnel.
All personnel credits adapted from "Out of Our Minds"s liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20684184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684184" title="Davicil">
Davicil

Davicil is a chlorinated pyridine derivative with antimicrobial properties, which is used as a fungicide. It can be allergenic in humans and produce contact dermatitis.

</doc>
<doc id="20684194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684194" title="Barney Daniels">
Barney Daniels

Bernard 'Barney' Daniels (born 24 November 1950, Salford) is a former English professional footballer. He made appearances in The Football League for three clubs in the 1970s.
Playing career.
Daniels was a product of Manchester United's youth policy but he left for non-league side Ashton United after failing to make any league appearances.
He later returned to professional football with Manchester City, featuring in the top-flight of English football before becoming Chester's record signing at £20,000 in the summer of 1975. Daniels began his Chester career in positive fashion by scoring from 25 yards against Southend United in his new club's first ever home game in Football League Division Three but he was at the centre of controversy just days later when he tore off his shirt after being substituted against Wrexham and threw it towards the dugout.
After failing to land a regular place in the side, Daniels was to quickly move on to Stockport County before returning to Ashton.

</doc>
<doc id="20684211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684211" title="The New Politics of Science">
The New Politics of Science

The New Politics of Science is a 1984 book by David Dickson. The book is about the political relationships which affect science funding. Dickson argues that decisions about science are becoming concentrated in a closed circle of corporate, banking, and military leaders and that America's scientific enterprise is being steadily removed from public decision-making.
Dickson was Washington correspondent for the British weekly journal Nature and European correspondent for the journal Science. 

</doc>
<doc id="20684213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684213" title="John Polakowski (fighter)">
John Polakowski (fighter)

John Polakowski (born June 21, 1981) is an American professional mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter. He was a cast member of SpikeTV's ""
Biography.
John Polakowski was born June 21, 1981 in Washington State.
The Ultimate Fighter.
John Polakowski earned himself a shot into the house by defeating Wesley Murch because of referee stoppage due to a leg injury in the second round. Polakowski was selected by interim heavyweight champion Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira to be a part of his "red team". He was selected to fight George Roop and this was the last lightweight, first round fight. Polakowski lost the fight by decision after two rounds.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Polakowski lost his UFC debut against former cast mate Rolando Delgado by guillotine choke. They fought on the preliminary card at the . Polakowski was released from the organization following the loss.

</doc>
<doc id="20684214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684214" title="Original Pantry Cafe">
Original Pantry Cafe

The Original Pantry Cafe is an iconic coffee shop and restaurant in Los Angeles, California. Located at the corner of 9th and Figueroa in Downtown L.A.'s South Park district, The Pantry (as it is known by locals) claims to never have closed or been without a customer since it opened in 1924, including when it changed locations in 1950 to make room for a freeway off-ramp. It served lunch in the original location and served dinner at the new location the same day. It was, however, closed briefly at the order of health inspectors on November 26, 1997, and reopened the next day. The restaurant is currently owned by former Los Angeles mayor Richard Riordan and has served many celebrities and politicians.
When it was opened at 9th and Francisco, the restaurant consisted of one room, a 15-stool counter, a small grill, a hot plate and sink. It has been designated as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument No. 255, and has been ranked as the most famous restaurant in Los Angeles.
The restaurant is known for serving coleslaw to all patrons in the evening hours, even if they ultimately decide to order breakfast. It claims to serve 90 tons of bread (or 461 loaves per day) and 10.5 tons (20,000-tree harvest) of coffee per year.
In popular culture.
The cafe is regularly mentioned or visited by characters in Michael Connelly's series of mystery novels featuring LAPD detective Harry Bosch, including "The Black Echo" and "The Last Coyote".
The restaurant is featured in a scene in Judd Apatow's 2007 comedy "Knocked Up", in which Seth Rogen's character informs his father (Harold Ramis) of his girlfriend's pregnancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20684243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684243" title="George O'Day">
George O'Day

George O'Day (19 May 1923 – 26 July 1987) was an American sailor, Olympic champion and world champion, and boat designer.
Sailor.
O'Day received a gold medal in the "5.5 Metre class" at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. He won the world champion title twelve times in various classes.
Boat designer.
Together with the English boat designer Uffa Fox, O'Day co-designed the sailboat called "Day Sailer". The boat was inducted into the American Sailboat Hall of Fame in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20684275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684275" title="Procedural sedation and analgesia">
Procedural sedation and analgesia

Procedural sedation and analgesia, previously referred to as conscious sedation, is defined as "a technique of administering sedatives or dissociative agents with or without analgesics to induce a state that allows the patient to tolerate unpleasant procedures while maintaining cardiorespiratory function."
Definitions.
The American Society of Anesthesiologists defines the continuum of sedation as follows:
Medical uses.
This technique is often used in the emergency department for the performance of painful or uncomfortable procedures. Common purposes include:
Techniques.
For most agents the person should have had nothing to eat for at least 6 hours. Clear fluids can be allowed up to two hours before the procedure. An exception to this may be with ketamine in children where fasting may be unnecessary.
Complications.
Complications depend on the sedative agent that is used. Many commonly used agents can cause respiratory depression, hypoxia and hemodynamic effects. For some agents antagonists are available that can be used to reverse the effects.
Safety.
Procedural sedation can be safely performed in an emergency department if structured sedation protocols are followed.
Electrocardiography, pulse oximetry, capnography and blood pressure monitoring are essential, as is the use of supplementary oxygen.
Protocols.
Many institutions have protocols that are used during procedural sedation.
Controversies.
Some resistance to sedation techniques used outside the operating room by non-anesthetists has been voiced.
History.
Procedural sedation used to be referred to as conscious sedation.

</doc>
<doc id="20684316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684316" title="Contemporary anarchism">
Contemporary anarchism

Anarchism is often defined as a political philosophy which holds the state to be undesirable, unnecessary, or harmful. However, others argue that while anti-statism is central, it is inadequate to define anarchism solely on this basis. Therefore, they argue instead that anarchism entails opposing authority or hierarchical organization in the conduct of human relations, including, but not limited to, the state system. Proponents of this form of anarchism advocate stateless societies based on non-hierarchical free associations.
Since the last third of the 20th century, anarchists have been involved in student protest movements, peace movements, squatter movements, and the anti-globalization movement, among others. Anarchists have participated in violent revolutions (such as in Revolutionary Catalonia and the Free Territory) and anarchist political organizations (such as IWA-AIT or the IWW) exist since the 19th century.
Overview.
Anarchism was influential in the Counterculture of the 1960s and anarchists actively participated in the late sixties students and workers revolts. In 1968 in Carrara, Italy the International of Anarchist Federations was founded during an international anarchist conference held there in 1968 by the three existing European federations of France (the Fédération Anarchiste), the Federazione Anarchica Italiana of Italy and the Iberian Anarchist Federation as well as the Bulgarian federation in French exile.
In the United Kingdom in the 1970s this was associated with the punk rock movement, as exemplified by bands such as Crass and the Sex Pistols. The housing and employment crisis in most of Western Europe led to the formation of communes and squatter movements like that of Barcelona, Spain. In Denmark, squatters occupied a disused military base and declared the Freetown Christiania, an autonomous haven in central Copenhagen.
Since the revival of anarchism in the mid 20th century, a number of new movements and schools of thought emerged, well documented in Robert Graham's , Volume Two, "The Emergence of the New Anarchism (1939-1977)". Although feminist tendencies have always been a part of the anarchist movement in the form of anarcha-feminism, they returned with vigour during the second wave of feminism in the 1960s. The American Civil Rights Movement and the movement against the war in Vietnam also contributed to the revival of North American anarchism. European anarchism of the late 20th century drew much of its strength from the labour movement, and both have incorporated animal rights activism. Anarchist anthropologist David Graeber and anarchist historian Andrej Grubacic have posited a rupture between generations of anarchism, with those "who often still have not shaken the sectarian habits" of the 19th century contrasted with the younger activists who are "much more informed, among other elements, by indigenous, feminist, ecological and cultural-critical ideas", and who by the turn of the 21st century formed "by far the majority" of anarchists.
Around the turn of the 21st century, anarchism grew in popularity and influence as part of the anti-war, anti-capitalist, and anti-globalisation movements. Anarchists became known for their involvement in protests against the meetings of the World Trade Organization (WTO), Group of Eight, and the World Economic Forum. Some anarchist factions at these protests engaged in rioting, property destruction, and violent confrontations with police. These actions were precipitated by ad hoc, leaderless, anonymous cadres known as "black blocs"; other organisational tactics pioneered in this time include security culture, affinity groups and the use of decentralised technologies such as the internet. A significant event of this period was the confrontations at WTO conference in Seattle in 1999. 
International anarchist federations in existence include the International of Anarchist Federations, the International Workers' Association, and International Libertarian Solidarity.
The largest organised anarchist movement today is in Spain, in the form of the Confederación General del Trabajo (CGT) and the CNT. CGT membership was estimated at around 100,000 for 2003. Other active syndicalist movements include in Sweden the Central Organisation of the Workers of Sweden and the Swedish Anarcho-syndicalist Youth Federation; the CNT-AIT in France; the Union Sindicale Italiana in Italy; in the US Workers Solidarity Alliance and the UK Solidarity Federation. The revolutionary industrial unionist Industrial Workers of the World, claiming 2,000 paying members, and the International Workers Association, an anarcho-syndicalist successor to the First International, also remain active.
Post-classical schools of thought and movements.
Anarchism continues to generate many philosophies and movements, at times eclectic, drawing upon various sources, and syncretic, combining disparate concepts to create new philosophical approaches. 
New Anarchism.
"New Anarchism" is a term that has been notably used by Andrej Grubacic, amongst others, to describe the most recent reinvention of the anarchist thought and practice. What distinguishes the new anarchism of today from the new anarchism of the 1960s and 1970s, or from the work of US-UK based authors like Murray Bookchin, Paul Goodman, Herbert Read, Colin Ward and Alex Comfort, is its emphasis on the global perspective. Some of essays on new anarchism include David Graeber's "New Anarchists" in "A Movement of Movements: is Another World Really possible?", ed. Tom Mertes (London: Verso, 2004) and Grubacic's "Towards Another Anarchism" in "World Social Forum: Challenging Empires, ed. Jai Sen and Peter Waterman (Montreal: Black Rose Books, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20684325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684325" title="Once in a Lifetime (play)">
Once in a Lifetime (play)

Once in a Lifetime is a play by Moss Hart and George S. Kaufman, the first of eight on which they collaborated in the 1930s.
Plot.
The satirical comedy focuses on the effect talking pictures have on the entertainment industry. When the New York City vaudevillean team of Jerry Hyland, May Daniels, and George Lewis find themselves in a faltering vaudeville act, they decide to head west and present themselves as elocution experts in the hope someone will hire them to train actors unaccustomed to speaking on screen. On the train they meet gossip columnist Helen Hobart, who introduces them to megalomaniac film mogul Herman Glogauer when they arrive in Hollywood.
The trio's misadventures include encounters with Lawrence Vail, a New York City playwright driven to distraction and eventually a sanatorium by studio bureaucracy and a lack of work to keep him busy; silent screen beauties Phyllis Fontaine and Florabel Leigh, whose voices sound like nails on a blackboard; two pages in 18th century dress who periodically arrive carrying placards with announcements about Glogauer's latest doings; a ditzy receptionist who wears an evening gown to work; and aspiring actress (and proverbial dumb blonde) Susan Walker and her chaperoning stage mother.
Dimwitted George becomes a director who shoots the wrong script, forgets to turn on the soundstage lights, and audibly cracks nuts during filming, yet his movie is called a masterpiece and he's declared a genius by trend-conscious journalists who believe he's ahead of his time.
Productions.
Hart had written the play himself in 1929 and invited Kaufman to work with him on several rewrites. The original Broadway production, directed by Kaufman, opened at the Music Box Theatre on September 24, 1930 and ran for 406 performances. The cast included Grant Mills as Jerry Hyland, Jean Dixon as May Daniels, Hugh O'Connell as George Lewis, Spring Byington as Helen Hobart, Charles Halton as Herman Glogauer, Janet Currie as Phyllis Fontaine, Eugenie Frontai as Florabel Leigh, Sally Phipps as Susan Walker, and Kaufman as Lawrence Vail, a role Moss Hart essayed later in the run.
A Broadway revival directed by Tom Moore opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre on June 15, 1978 following 21 previews and ran for 85 performances. The cast included John Lithgow as George Lewis, Deborah May as May Daniels, Treat Williams as Jerry Hyland, Jayne Meadows as Helen Hobart, George S. Irving as Herman Glogauer, Lee Meredith as Florabel Leigh, Julia Duffy as Susan Walker, Michael Jeter as one of the pages, and Max Wright, who won the Theatre World Award for his portrayal of Lawrence Vail.
In 1979, Trevor Nunn directed a Royal Shakespeare Company production at the Aldwych Theatre in London, with a cast that included David Suchet, Richard Griffiths, Zoë Wanamaker, Peter McEnery, Ian Charleson, Juliet Stevenson, and David Bradley. Gillian Lynne notably staged the elaborate John Napier scene changes and an unforgettable fifteen minute tap-dancing finale. Nunn was nominated for an Olivier Award for his direction.
A London production directed by Edward Hall opened at the Royal National Theatre on December 5, 2005 and ran until March 11, 2006. It featured David Suchet as Herman Glogauer, Adrian Scarborough as George Lewis, and Victoria Hamilton as May Daniels.
Adaptations.
The play was sold to Hollywood. The film version was released by Universal Studios in 1932, starring Jack Oakie, Sidney Fox, Louise Fazenda, Aline MacMahon, and Zasu Pitts.

</doc>
<doc id="20684334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684334" title="Nikola Biller-Andorno">
Nikola Biller-Andorno

Nikola Biller-Andorno is a German bioethicist. She is Professor and Director of the Institute of Biomedical Ethics of the University of Zurich, Switzerland.
Biller-Andorno studied medicine at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg (State Medical Exam 1996, Dr. med. 1997) as well as philosophy and social sciences at the University of Hagen, Germany (M.A. 1996, Dr. phil. 2001). Multiple scholarships and awards allowed her to pursue her research interests at prestigious institutions such as the Hastings Center (1994), Yale University (1997) and the Harvard Medical School (1997-98).
After completing her habilitation thesis in ethics and theory of medicine at the University of Göttingen, Germany, she worked as Ethicist at the World Health Organization (2002-2004).
In 2004 she was appointed professor of medical ethics at the Charité, Joint Medical Faculty of the Free and Humboldt University, Berlin, Germany. In October 2005 she joined the University of Zurich as Full Professor of Biomedical Ethics. Since 2007 she is director of the Institute of Biomedical Ethics of the same University, which was designated as WHO Collaborating Center for Bioethics in 2009. She is a board member of the Swiss Society of Biomedical Ethics as well as of the German Academy of Ethics in Medicine and was elected President of the International Association of Bioethics in 2009. She serves as a member of the Central Ethics Committee of the Swiss Academy of Medical Sciences, of the Ethics Committee of the University of Zurich, and as deputy editor of the "Journal of Medical Ethics".
External links.
http://www.ethik.uzh.ch/ibme_en.html

</doc>
<doc id="20684375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684375" title="Martine Blanc">
Martine Blanc

Martine Blanc (born 16 September 1944 in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme) is a French author and illustrator of ten books for children including "The story of Timothy", the "Two Hoots" series in collaboration with Helen Cresswell, and "All about Jesus". She holds a degree in architecture from the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts of Paris.
Bibliography.
Timothy.
The character Timothy has led to an important merchandising in Japan (dolls, watches, tee-shirts…).

</doc>
<doc id="20684379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684379" title="Bruno Hassenstein">
Bruno Hassenstein

Bruno Hassenstein (November 23, 1839 - August 27, 1902) was a German cartographer born in Ruhla, Thuringia.
From 1854 he worked and studied cartography under August Petermann in Gotha. Here he drew numerous maps for Petermann's geographical journal- "Mittellungen", and became known for his outstanding work performed on maps of Africa. In 1866 he relocated to Berlin, where one of his duties was cartographical work for Karl Klaus von der Decken's publication- "Reisen in Ostafrika".
In 1868 Hassenstein returned to Gotha, where he created maps for Heinrich Theodor Menke's edition of Spruner's atlas of medieval history ("Handatlas für die Geschichte des Mittelalters und der neuern Zeit"). In 1878 he became editor of the cartography section of the "Mittellungen", and in 1885 performed mapmaking work for the "Atlas von Japan", a highly regarded work containing charts that were drawn to 1:100000 scale.
During his career Hassenstein edited and published maps based on the observations of explorers and travellers (Wilhelm Junker, Emin Pasha, Hans Meyer, Ernst Marno, Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs, Oskar Baumann, Friedrich Bohndorff and Sven Hedin). In 1887 he was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Göttingen.

</doc>
<doc id="20684382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684382" title="Fuller-Baker Log House">
Fuller-Baker Log House

The Fuller-Baker Log House is a historic home located at Grantsville, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story rectangular log home, constructed of log planks about 8 inches (20 cm) thick; some are 14 to 16 inches (36-41 cm) broad and a few are 26 feet (8 m) long. The house has been restored as an artist's studio and is an example of a log dwelling once common on the Allegheny frontier. Maryland's first governor, Thomas Johnson, owned the property when the house was built in 1815, but it is named for two later residents. 
The Fuller-Baker Log House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20684384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684384" title="Infinite broom">
Infinite broom

In topology, the infinite broom is a subset of the Euclidean plane that is used as an example distinguishing various notions of connectedness. The closed infinite broom is the closure of the infinite broom, and is also referred to as the broom space.
Definition.
The infinite broom is the subset of the Euclidean plane that consists of all closed line segments joining the origin to the point (1, 1 / "n") as "n" varies over all positive integers, together with the interval (½, 1] on the "x"-axis.
The closed infinite broom is then the infinite broom together with the interval (0, ½] on the "x"-axis. In other words, it consists of all closed line segments joining the origin to the point (1, 1 / "n") or to the point (1, 0).
Properties.
Both the infinite broom and its closure are connected, as every open set in the plane which contains the segment on the "x"-axis must intersect slanted segments. Neither are locally connected. Despite the closed infinite broom being arc connected, the standard infinite broom is not path connected.

</doc>
<doc id="20684390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684390" title="United States presidential election in Idaho, 2008">
United States presidential election in Idaho, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Idaho was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 25.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Polling in the state gave a very comfortable lead to Republican John McCain over Democrat Barack Obama, sometimes by a margin of at least 30 percent, the most being 43 percent. Idaho was largely considered a safely Republican state, as it has not gone Democratic since Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide victory in 1964.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every pre-election poll, each with a double digit margin and with at least 52%. The final 3 poll average gave the Republican 66% to 29%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $874,523. McCain raised $441,338.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $268. McCain spent $434. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
With a substantial Mormon population, Idaho is one of the most reliably GOP bastions in the country. Although Barack Obama became the first Democratic presidential candidate since Michael Dukakis in 1988 to eclipse 35 percent of the vote in solidly red state Idaho, the state was still won handily by John McCain by a margin of approximately 25.34 percent. McCain carried 41 of the state's 44 counties. Obama carried Blaine County, home to Sun Valley and several other prime ski resorts; Latah County, home to the college town of Moscow, and Teton County, a highly affluent suburb of Teton County, Wyoming. While Obama did not carry Ada County, he did carry the state capital and city of Boise. McCain's victory in Idaho, however, was less than that of George W. Bush's who carried the state with 68.38% of the vote in 2004, a 12.78-percent swing to the Democrats in Idaho.
During the same election, Republicans held onto the open U.S. Senate seat vacated by Republican Larry Craig who reluctantly retired after it was revealed that he had solicited a man for sex in the men's restroom at an airport in Minneapolis. Former Lieutenant Governor Jim Risch, a Republican, was elected with 57.65% of the vote over Democrat Larry LaRocco who received 34.11%. A pro-life independent candidate received 5.35% while Libertarian Kent Marmon received 1.54% and Rex Rammell, a far right-wing candidate who also ran as an Independent, received 1.34%.
At the state level, Republicans expanded their supermajority status in the Idaho state legislature as they picked up one seat in the Idaho House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain solidly swept both of Idaho’s two congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Idaho cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Idaho is allocated 4 electors because it has 2 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 4 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 4 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All four were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20684397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684397" title="Guillaume Pisdoé">
Guillaume Pisdoé

Guillaume Pisdoé, also known as Guillaume de Piedoue or Pizdoue was the third Mayor of Paris in 1297 and again in 1304 under Philip IV of France. His son (in 1316) Guillaume II Pisdoé was the First Equerry of the King (Master of Stables), in charge of carrying the Royal Sword of Philip V of France.
Pisdoé Family (alias Piédoüe d'Héritôt).
The Pisdoé family was one of the richest and most powerful Parisian dynasties during the Middle Ages who gave four Mayors to the city of Paris, and numerous municipale magistors. The Pisdoe used to be one of the main bankers of the Capetian Dynasty during the thirteenth and fourteenth century. They were involved in financing the seventh Crusade, the second part of Notre-Dame de Paris cathedral construction between 1250 and 1345, and the second part of Saint-Germain l'Auxerrois church's construction.
Fifty years later (1358), the Pisdoé financed Etienne Marcel's revolt. Martin Pisdoe, son of Jean Pisdoe, also Mayor of Paris, and Master of Laical Accounts (head of the Court of Finances) of the King John II of France, and the brother of Guillaume II, intrigated after Marcel's death with his friend Charles the Bad, King of Navarre against the Dauphin (future Charles V) to depose the future king. Martin came to the Louvre to murder the King, but was betrayed before arriving. He was decapitated. The Pisdoé were declared guilty of lèse majesté against King Charles V in 1359 and had to leave Paris for four centuries. The main part of their fortune (Castle of Marcoussis, Castle of Beauvoir, numerous mansions, lands and buildings in Paris, the familial private mansion "La Cour Pavée" extending from Saint-Jacques de la Boucherie church to Place du Chatelet...) and the Pisdoé Bank were impounded by Charles V. The whole family quickly left and settled in Normandy on its land of Héritôt-Ernetôt. Four centuries after, Louis XV decided to forgive the Piédoüe's offenses in memory of their loyalty to the Capetians and elevated Héritôt from a lordship to a marquisate. Each first-born child of the main branch has the title of Marquess of Héritôt-Ernetôt, in addition to their old titles of Viscount of Evrecy, Lord of Nerval, of Harcourt.

</doc>
<doc id="20684405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684405" title="Daddy Yankee discography">
Daddy Yankee discography

The discography of Daddy Yankee, a Puerto Rican rapper, consists of seven studio albums, two live albums, nineteen singles, and two DVDs on Hudson Street and Interscope Records. Collaborations are also included.
Daddy Yankee released his commercial album "Barrio Fino" in 2004, which produced the hit singles "Gasolina", "No Me Dejes Solo", and "Lo Que Pasó, Pasó". The same year, he was granted his own imprint label, El Cartel Records. In 2007, he released his second commercial album "", which debuted at number nine on the "Billboard" 200 and sold 82,000 copies in the first week, breaking his previous record as the highest selling reggaetón artist in an abbreviated sales cycle. In 2008, Daddy Yankee's soundtrack album "Talento de Barrio" debuted at number 13 on the "Billboard" 200.
Daddy Yankee released his fifth studio album "Daddy Yankee Mundial" on April 27, 2010. The album includes the singles "Grito Mundial", "Descontrol", "La Despedida", and the buzz single "El Ritmo No Perdona (Prende)".
Singles.
Other charted/Promo songs.
"—" denotes releases that did not chart.
As featured performer.
"—" denotes releases that did not chart.
References.
Chart positions as featured performer

</doc>
<doc id="20684410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684410" title="Purnaiah">
Purnaiah

Purnaiah (Purniya)(1746 - 27 March 1812), aka Krishnacharya Purniya or Mir Miran Purniya was the Dewan of Mysore. He served under Hyder Ali, Tipu Sultan, the British and Mummadi Krishnaraja Wodeyar. He was well known for his skill with accounts, prodigious memory, proficiency in several languages and sheer hard work.
After Tipu Sultan's defeat, Mummadi Krishnaraja Wodeyar, was duly educated and trained by Purniah.
Early years and rise.
Purniah came from a humble Madhwa Brahmin family, and was born in 1746 CE. He lost his father at the age of eleven, and had to seek employment to support his family. He started writing accounts at a trader's shop. This grocer had close contact with a rich merchant Annadana Setty who supplied large quantities of groceries to Hyder Ali's palace and army.
Through this connection Purniah very soon earned confidence of Hyder Ali because of his proficiency in accounting and excellent handwriting. Endowed with prodigious memory, proficiency in several languages and sheer hard work, Purniah became head of Accounts Department and a confidant of the ruler.
Purniah knew Kannada, Sanskrit and Persian. He understood English, but could not read or write the language.
Years with Tipu.
In 1782, when Hyder Ali died, near Chittoor, Tipu was encamping in Malabar coast. Purniah kept the king's death a top secret, and sent the word to Tipu by the speediest way possible. Meanwhile Hyder's body was kept embalmed, and business went on usual. Purniah thus played a key role in keeping the news of Hyder's death confidential, as many adversaries could have seized this advantage and tried to usurp throne. Purniah thus paved the way for the succession of Tipu.
Purniah became a member of Tipu's inner cabinet. He was the only Hindu in an all-Muslim team. Tipu tried to convert him to Islam, but Tipu's mother intervened and prevented it.
Purniah attended every military campaign Tipu Sultan led.
In the Third Anglo-Mysore War of 1792, Purniah commanded a rocket units (131 men). In his last battle with the British, Tipu had entrusted his eldest son and heir-apparent to Purniah's care. Tipu died on the battle field in 1799.
Meeting with British.
After Tipu's death Purniah sought an interview with the General Harris, who was very much impressed with Purniah's political acumen, maturity and fearlessness. He informed the General that administration had nearly collapsed, many of the able army and civil officers were killed and plundering had already set in.
The British were more than convinced. They made Purniah the first Dewan of the newly formed state of Mysore. Queen Regent Lakshammanni readily agreed to the arrangement. The Child-King, later Mummadi Krishnaraja Wodeyar, was duly educated and trained by Purniah. He was granted the jagir of Yelandur by the Maharaja of Mysore at a special Durbar on 27 December 1807.
Krishnaraja Wodeyar attained the age of 16 in early 1810 and hence attained the age of discretion. After discussing with the British Resident, A. H. Cole, the reins of the state were transferred from Dewan Purnaiah to the king. Purniah retired from service in 1811 (and died shortly thereafter).
The photo of the bungalow at Bangalore shown as that of Purniah is actually that of his grand son Sir Narasinga Rao Purniah Krishna Murthy who was also Dewan of Mysore during the first decade of 1900's. Purniah's bungalow is at Yelandoor, which is now a taluq head quarters at Chamaraja Nagar district. This Yelandoor bungalow is now developed as a museum for Dewan Purnbiah's memory by Karnataka Government.
Years with Wodeyars.
Purniah's first concern was Law and Order. He suppressed the revolting Palegars (local chieftains) who had become despots. He started releasing cash allowances to Mathas, temples and dargahs, which Britishers had stopped after Tippu Sultan's death. He opened a judicial department for peoples' complaints.
His public works have left a great legacy. A forty-eight mile canal was dug to supply drinking water to Mysore. Several tanks were dug. A stone-bridge, dedicated to Marquess of Wellesley, the Governor General was constructed across river Kaveri connecting Srirangapattana with Kirangur. It has stood stead fast for the last two hundred years.
Large number of choultries were built in the name of Maharaja of Mysore, but people called them "Dewan Purniah's Chatras". They were available to all travelers.
Revenue administration was streamlined. Mysore state had a volatile border with incessant skirmishes, a legacy of the previous regime. Methodical land-surveys were conducted. Borders were notified. Posts of Shekdars, Amaldars and Tehsildars were created which came down to modern times.
He was duly honored with big grants and a large pension. His desire to make his position a hereditary one, just like that of a ruler, did not materialize.
Purniah is remembered for laying the foundation of sound administrative machinery for the state. Mysore came to be recognized as one of the foremost progressive native states in British India.

</doc>
<doc id="20684412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684412" title="Manchu (disambiguation)">
Manchu (disambiguation)

The Manchu people are a Tungusic people who originated in Manchuria (today's Northeastern China and Russian Far East).
Manchu may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20684417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684417" title="All Saints' Church, Godshill">
All Saints' Church, Godshill

All Saints' Church, Godshill is a parish church in the Church of England located in Godshill, Isle of Wight.
History.
The original foundations for the church were laid in a flat, easily accessible site; each morning they were found transferred to the hill where the church exists today. Eventually the builders gave up building it in the planned flat location and built it on the hill.
The church is medieval. It is noted for its medieval wall painting of a Lily crucifix one of only two in Europe. The Lily painting was whitewashed out to save it from destruction during the Reformation. It remained hidden until the 19th century, when it was rediscovered.
Godshill, dedicated to All Saints, "a spacious cruciform edifice, with a singular bell-turret on the south gable," consists of a chancel, nave, cross aisles, and tower. From its architecture it is obviously of ancient foundation, and a portion of the present edifice may have stood upon the sacred hill when Fitz-Osbert gave it to the Abbey of Lire. Most of the building, however, is Transitional Norman. Its wealth was very great, from the extent of the adjacent demesnes, and in 1404 it was assessed at 100 marks yearly. When King Edward VI's commissioners sold the superfluous plate, it realized not less than £54, 2s. 7d. The advowson was presented, in 1623, to Queen's College, Oxford, by King Charles I.
The tower contains a ring of 6 bells which were all cast by Llewellin and James, and are the only ring of bells by this founder on the Island. The biggest weighs 8cwt.
Stained glass.
The church has a stained glass window by William Morris.
Organ.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20684436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684436" title="Hawker's Cove, Cornwall">
Hawker's Cove, Cornwall

Hawker's Cove is a small coastal settlement in north Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated one-and-a-half miles (2 kilometres) north of Padstow on the west side of the River Camel estuary
The hamlet consists of two terraces of cottages, a few detached dwellings, a coastguard station and a boathouse with a slipway which once housed the Padstow lifeboat. The actor Edward Woodward lived there until his death in 2009. The first lifeboat, built by the Padstow Harbour Association, was kept at Hawker’s Cove and in 1855 the Padstow branch of the RNLI was formed. A new boathouse with a roller slipway was built in 1931. By the 1960s, silting was becoming a problem and in October 1967 the Padstow lifeboat relocated to a new boathouse and slipway at Trevose Head, a few miles to the west.
Facilities at Hawkers Cove are limited, although there is now a (tiny) tea garden at the back of the two-hundred-year-old ‘Coastguard Houses’, approximately 150m from the slipway at the beach. 
Evidence has been found of occupation during the Bronze Age, Iron Age and Roman periods, and the use of Harbour Cove for trading vessels.
Road access to Hawker's Cove is via a lane which leads from the Padstow-St Merryn road through Crugmeer to Lellizzick
. As traffic is discouraged beyond Lellizzick, motorists are directed to a nearby carpark from where a track leads to the coastpath at Tregirls beach.
Geography.
Between Padstow and Hawker's Cove the South West Coast Path passes Gun Point, site of an abandoned gun emplacement and fortifications dating back to the Napoleonic War. This stretch of path has fairly easy gradients and is well-surfaced, but beyond Hawker's Cove it steepens on the climb up to Stepper Point. There are no toilets or other public facilities nearby.
The ebb tide uncovers a wide sandy beach which, at low water, extends across the estuary mouth towards Trebetherick Point. But at high water, the beach is submerged and the sand bank is the notorious Doom Bar which presents a hazard to shipping.

</doc>
<doc id="20684439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684439" title="Picture of You (song)">
Picture of You (song)

"Picture of You" is a song by Irish boy band Boyzone. It was released on 21 July 1997 as the first single from their third studio album, "Where We Belong". The song led to frontman Ronan Keating for winning an Ivor Novello Award, and is best remembered as the main theme song for the film "Bean: The Ultimate Disaster Movie"; Rowan Atkinson appeared on the single cover and in the music video with the band. The song was written by Keating, Eliot Kennedy and Absolute.

</doc>
<doc id="20684460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684460" title="Pennington Cottage">
Pennington Cottage

The Pennington Cottage is a historic home located at Deer Park, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, late-19th-century Shingle-Style frame structure, with a gambrel roof and a one-story porch that stretches across the principal facade and along portions of the sides. The house is entirely covered with dark wood shingles. It was built as a part of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's Deer Park Hotel complex, as the summer home of Baltimore architect Josias Pennington (d. 1929). 
Pennington Cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20684479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684479" title="Operation Kutschera">
Operation Kutschera

Operation Kutschera was the code name for the successful assassination of Franz Kutschera, SS and Reich's Police Chief in Warsaw, killed on 1 February 1944 by the Polish Resistance fighters of Home Army's Anti-Gestapo unit Agat. This action was a part of the larger Operation Heads.
Background.
SS-"Brigadeführer" und Generalmajor der Polizei Franz Kutschera became SS and Police Leader of the Warsaw District on 25 September 1943. During his earlier posting in the Mogilev District of the Soviet Union he proved himself as ruthless officer, prone to brutal and unscrupulous methods.
Immediately on his arrival in Warsaw he stepped up terror measures directed against civilian population. The number of public executions and "łapanka" round-ups were increased, and lists of hostages to be shot in case of any attack on a German soldier were published daily. These actions, based on decree by Hans Frank, were intended to crush the will of resistance among Polish citizens. Due to Kutschera's policy since late 1943, stepping outside one's home was a venture into the unknown. Thus, the underground leadership included Kutschera in its "Operation Heads" list, describing him only as "SS and Police Leader" (Kutschera knew the methods of the Polish intelligence and therefore kept his name and whereabouts confidential). His disclosure was a matter of lucky coincidence.
Chief of the Agat company's intelligence "Rayski" (Aleksander Kunicki) was working on Walter Stamm, IV Department Gestapo director in Warsaw "Sicherheitsdienst" and Gestapo Command Office as well as Dr Ludwig Hahn, the Office's boss himself, often visiting the police quarter of Warsaw. One day he noticed an Opel Admiral limousine entering drive of a palace at Aleje Ujazdowskie 23, seat of the Warsaw District SS and Police Leader. Out of this car an SS-man emerged and his black coat opened a little, showing a general's collar insignia. From then on his arrivals were closely followed and soon his name and address were revealed.
Preparations.
"Rayski's" report reached Kedyw commander Emil August Fieldorf "Nil" and in several days a Special Courts liquidation order was sent back. "Pług" (Adam Borys), Batalion Parasol commander chose 1st Platoon for this action. Platoon commander "Lot" (Bronisław Pietraszewicz) assumed personal leading and after completing all intelligence from "Rayski" planned the assassination in close cooperation with "Pług".
The first attempt was prepared for 28 January 1944. "Lot" people took their positions and waited in vain, as Kutschera did not show up. On break up, after all arms were given over, Jan Kordulski "Żbik" was heavily wounded by a German patrol. That caused the addition of Zbigniew Gęsicki "Juno" and Stanisław Huskowski "Ali" to the team.
The next attempt took place on 1 February 1944, 8.50 AM. The execution team included:
The assassination.
At 9:09 AM Kama signalled that Kutschera was leaving his house at Aleja Róż 2. In spite of the fact that Kutschera had barely 150 metres to cover from his home to SS headquarters, he always used his car. When he was close to the gate of SS HQ, he was blocked by a car driven by Miś. 
Lot and Kruszynka then ran up to the limousine and opened fire from close range. At the same time a covering squad took their places and getaway vehicles moved into place. An intensive firefight ensued, as German guards from neighbouring institutions (Gestapo, "Schutzpolizei", garrison club) reacted. Miś jumped out of his car, together with Kruszynka and finished off the wounded Kutschera and then searched him for documents. 
At the critical moment Ali could not open the briefcase with the hand grenades. Since it was his only weapon (other weapons did not arrive in time), he could not support Cichy, Lot and Olbrzym. They were all wounded soon thereafter, as the open street was under constant fire. 
Due to his injury, Lot could not call for withdrawal loudly enough and the shootout was unnecessarily prolonged in the very dangerous centre of the German office quarter. Finally, all assassins managed to get into cars and drive away.
A frantic search for a hospital willing to defy the Germans and operate on the heavily wounded Cichy and Lot began, since the originally planned medvac scheme failed. It took several hours and five attempts before a hospital finally admitted them. As a result of the delay, both men died within a couple of days. Meanwhile, Sokół and Juno - against their orders - tried to return the car to the garage and were intercepted at Kierbedź bridge. After a short, hopeless exchange of fire, they jumped into the Vistula river where they were either shot or drowned.
Aftermath.
The funeral ceremony was held by the Germans in Brühl palace. Kutschera's body was then transported to Berlin on a special train. The Germans demanded 100 million zloty as a retribution from the city of Warsaw. The next day, 2 February 1944, 100 civilian hostages were shot in one of the last public executions in the city before the outbreak of the Warsaw Uprising.
In popular culture.
The assassination of Kutschera was the subject of the 1959 movie "Zamach" by Jerzy Passendorfer. Every year the operation is commemorated by Polish Scouts.

</doc>
<doc id="20684491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684491" title="Yuanye">
Yuanye

Yuanye (Chinese 園冶, Pinyin yuán yě), variously translated as The Garden Treatise or The Craft of Gardens, is a 1631 work on garden design by Ji Cheng of the late Ming Dynasty. It is now considered the definitive work on garden design of the many produced during that period, and has been labeled as the first monograph dedicated to garden architecture in the world, and among the great masterpieces of garden literature. 
Structure.
The work is broken in to three volumes. Volume one focuses on overall principles, in particular: situation, layout, buildings and their fittings. Volume two contains descriptions and illustrations of decorative balustrades. Volume three covers doorways, windows, walls, decorative pavements, artificial mounds, rock selection, and borrowed scenery ("jie jing").
Emphasis.
The work is primarily focused on architectural features, rather than natural features. Contrasts have been drawn between this and other classic works of East Asian garden design, such as "Sakuteiki" (of the Japanese Heian period) which concentrates on water and rocks, and numerous Japanese works of the Edo period ("Tzukiyama teizoden", "Sagaryuniwa kohohiden no koto", "Tsukiyama sunsuiden"), to suggest a fundamental difference in approach between Chinese and Japanese garden design - namely, emphasis on architectural and natural features, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20684493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684493" title="Nassarius reticulatus">
Nassarius reticulatus

Nassarius reticulatus, common name the "netted dog whelk" is a species of small European sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nassariidae, the dog whelks or nassa mud snails. 
Description.
The length of the shell varies between 20 mm and 35 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Northeast Atlantic, in European waters, in the Atlantic Ocean off the Azores, the Canary Islands, Cape Verde Islands and Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="20684495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684495" title="Mesa Falls Tuff">
Mesa Falls Tuff

The Mesa Falls Tuff is a tuff formation created by the Mesa Falls eruption that formed the Henry's Fork Caldera that is located in Idaho west of Yellowstone Park. It is the second most recent caldera forming eruption from the Yellowstone hotspot and ejected of 280 km³ of material. This eruption, 1.3 million years BP, was preceded by the Huckleberry Ridge Tuff and succeeded by the Lava Creek Tuff both of which were created by the Yellowstone hotspot.

</doc>
<doc id="20684509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684509" title="Ivan Sagita">
Ivan Sagita

Ivan Sagita was born in Malang 1957 and studied at the Indonesian Art Institute in Yogyakarta from 1979-85. He’s known as an introvert and mysterious artist, but his work of art is well known in the world of art. He uses realistic painting techniques to make unrealistic images. Out of this tension, he strives to depict the uncertainties of everyday life, especially as they impact on those who are powerless in the face of poverty and injustice. He has said: "To me, life always goes differently than we expect to. This is why I tend to express uncertainties. Seeing the life in my surroundings I get the impression that everybody is controlled by an invisible power..." Sagita's subjects are frequently the traditional Javanese people whose life struggles he observed in Yogyakarta. He has noted: "They struggle to survive, but they accept whatever happens to them." In preparation for a painting, he may take multiple photographs of a subject in an attempt to capture their inner reality. He almost always paints human figures repeatedly within one work, depicting them in shifting poses or different situations. Sagita's paintings were selected as the Best Work at the 7th and 8th Jakarta Biennales of Painting in 1987 and 1989, and he was awarded the silver medal at the Osaka Triennale in 1996. His first solo exhibition was at the Duta Fine Art Gallery in Jakarta in 1988. Selected group exhibitions include: The Third Asian Art Show (Fukuoka Art Museum, Japan, 1989); The Seventh Asian International Art Exhibition (Bandung, Indonesia, 1992); The First Asia-Pacific Triennial of Contemporary Art (Queensland Art Gallery, Brisbane, Australia, 1993); The Asian Water Color (National Gallery, Bangkok, 1995); and Modernity and Beyond (Singapore Art Museum, 1996).
Selected Solo Exhibitions
2003 | Red Mill Gallery, Vermont Studio Centre, US.
2000 | "Freezing The Time", Drawing Exhibition, Gallery of Northern Territory University, Darwin, Australia.
2005 | "Death Containing Life", CP ARTSPACE, Jakarta
Selected Group Exhibitions
1998
1999 
2000 
 Jakarta
2001 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
Awards
1987 : Award Biennale Seni Lukis Jakarta - Indonesia
1989 : Award Biennale Seni Lukis Jakarta - Indonesia
1996 : Silver Medal, The Osaka Triennale 1996. Japan
1998 : Mainichi Broadcasting System Prize, The Osaka Sculpture, Triennale 1998,

</doc>
<doc id="20684520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684520" title="John Johnston (fur trader)">
John Johnston (fur trader)

John Johnston (1762–1828) was a wealthy and successful British fur trader for the North West Company at Sault Ste. Marie before the War of 1812, and a leader in the Michigan Territory. He never became a US citizen. He married "Ozhaguscodaywayquay" (Woman of the Green Glade), daughter of "Waubojeeg" (White Fisher), prominent Ojibwe war chief and civil leader from what is now northern Wisconsin. The Johnstons were leaders in both the Euro-American and Ojibwa communities. His life was markedly disrupted by the War of 1812, and demonstrated the changes of the period.
Early life fur trade.
John Johnston (1762-1828), was born in Belfast, Ireland to an upper-class Scots-Irish family. John Johnston held in his own right the estate of Craige, near Coleraine in County Londonderry. His father was a civil engineer who planned and built the Belfast Water Works. During John Johnston's youth, his mother's brother was Attorney General of Ireland.
As a young man, Johnston emigrated in 1792 to Canada for its opportunities. He had letters of introduction to Lord Dorchester, Governor of the colony. Through him he met leaders in society, including the magnates of the recently formed North West Company in Montreal. The fur trade looked like a good opportunity to make a profit. Johnston planned to be a "wintering partner", one who traded with Native Americans at the post on the frontier. He purchased trade goods in Montreal to take with him.
Marriage.
Johnston went to Sault Ste. Marie, a journey which then took several weeks, where he settled on the south side of the river. There Johnston met "Ozhaguscodaywayquay" (Woman of the Green Glade), daughter of 'Waubojeeg" (White Fisher), a prominent Ojibwe war chief and civil leader from what is now northern Wisconsin. Johnston fell in love with the Chief Waubojeeg's daughter, but the Chief was skeptical of white men. He initially refused when Johnston asked for his daughter in marriage, saying: 
"White Man, I have noticed your behaviour, it has been correct; but, White Man, your colour is deceitful. Of you, may I expect better things? You say you are going to Montreal; go, and if you return I shall be satisfied of your sincerity and will give you my daughter."The couple married, after which "Ozhaguscodaywayquay" was also called Susan Johnston. Like Johnston, most fur traders were Europeans of social standing and, together with the upper-class Ojibwa women they married, they formed the upper tier of a two-class frontier society. "Kinship and ties of affinity proved more than merely useful to the traders. They were both a source of power and a necessity if one was to achieve success in the trade." Johnston was considered the first permanent European-American settler in Sault Ste. Marie.
The Johnstons' cedar log house on Water Street in Sault Ste. Marie was built in 1796 in a French colonial style. When their eldest daughter Jane married Henry Schoolcraft, the US Indian agent, the Johnstons built an addition for them to live in. Some years later, the Schoolcrafts built their own house in the village. The addition is the only remaining part of the Johnston house, one of the featured historic houses in the city. Jane Johnston Schoolcraft is considered the first Native American woman poet.
Although the south side of the river became United States territory in 1797 after the end of the Revolutionary War, Johnston never bothered to become a citizen. The border was a fluid area. In those years, Native Americans had separate status and were generally not considered United States citizens. For the people at Sault Ste. Marie after 1797, there was little change in their daily lives or relations with the Ojibwa, except as they received more American explorers.
Career.
As a young man, Johnston was thrilled at the opportunity he saw with the North West Company. He was impressed by the partners he met and their refined lives. When formed in 1787, the company had 23 partners and 2000 employees: "Agents, factors, clerks, guides, interpreters, and "voyageurs"."
Over the years Johnston became successful himself, with fur trading and relations with the Ojibwa enhanced by Susan's family ties to the Ojibwa community. The Johnstons were known as a refined and cultured family, leaders in both the Ojibwa and Euro-American communities who maintained a wide range of relations.
As part of their culture of building relationships, the Johnstons welcomed to their home an array of significant players in the region, including surveyors, explorers, traders, governmental officials, trappers and political leaders. With his wife and her family's help, Johnston developed a broad knowledge of both the Ojibwa ways and the Great Lakes region. He played an integral role in developing the Michigan frontier and was appointed a Justice of the Peace.
Sault Ste. Marie was a community with a mix of fur traders, most of whom had Native American wives; Ojibwa natives, some of high status; and workers who were Métis, European, and Native American. Structures were both permanent and temporary, featuring warehouses for furs, scattered housing and Indian wigwams, and sheds for boats. Many of the Ojibwa stayed in the area for the fishing more than for the settlement.
Increasing economic tensions between Great Britain and the US affected the fur trade. In 1806 US changes to the Jay Treaty of 1794 restricted British fur traders to operating in Canada. Both they and the Ojibwa wished to return to the previous arrangement, which allowed free passage across the border for trade by nationals of both countries and by the Indians.
During the War of 1812, Johnston's longstanding British affiliations led him to assist the British. After a direct appeal from the garrison at Michilimackinac, Johnston supplied about 100 of his men and took two "batteaux" for their relief in 1814. When an American force failed to intercept him, it went on to Sault Ste. Marie. There the US raiders burned the North West Company warehouses on both sides of the St. Mary's River, causing substantial losses to Johnston and the Company. The troops also raided his house, called Johnson Hall. They looted the library and furnishings, and burning the house down. (Johnston's wife and children fled into the woods when the soldiers arrived.) Johnston never became a U.S. citizen.
The Johnstons' oldest son Louis (also appears as Lewis) was a lieutenant in the British Navy and served on the "Queen Charlotte" during the War of 1812. He was captured by Commodore Oliver Perry during the battle on Lake Erie. His treatment by the Americans while he was held prisoner at Cincinnati, Ohio turned him against living under their rule.
After the war, Johnston made a direct appeal to Governor Lewis Cass of Michigan to have the restriction against his trading in the interior lifted because of his other services to the region, but to no avail. He suffered financially from his losses and reduced trading, and was never able to rebuild his former wealth. Although he applied to the British government for compensation for his losses, no payment was made. Believing he was too old to remove to Canada, he stayed in Sault Ste. Marie. In 1821 Johnston served as a Commissioner during negotiations to end the rivalry between the North West and Hudson's Bay companies and helped achieve their merger.
Still worried about potential British agitation of Native Americans along the border, in 1822 the US government built and staffed Fort Brady at Sault Ste. Marie. With the fort and troops, other American settlers started to come into the area in greater number. The culture of Sault Ste. Marie changed markedly. Johnston and others who had earlier formed and dominated the community were passed by as the newcomers banded together. The presence of military troops formalized the role of government. The new American residents were reluctant to become involved with the French, Ojibwe or Métis, and disdained most of the existing society.
Family.
The Johnstons had eight children, most of whom were American by birth. They educated them in English, Ojibwe and French. Johnston had a large library filled with English classical authors, including poets, which his children used for their literary education. The parents took care to educate their children in both cultures, and expected them to have opportunities in society equivalent to their standing. Many fur traders sent their children to Montreal for school.
The Johnstons' eldest daughter Jane married Henry Rowe Schoolcraft, who arrived in Sault Ste. Marie in 1822 as Indian agent for the US government. He was to establish formal relationships with the Native Americans. He became noted as an ethnographer and writer about Native American life. Despite his marriage and interests, he remained more outside Native American life than the fur trader John Johnston.
Jane Johnston Schoolcraft was inducted in 2008 into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame for her own contributions to literature and history. She is recognized as the first Native American literary writer and poet. A major collection of her work was published in 2007.
The second daughter Eliza never married. The next two married well. The third daughter married Archdeacon MacMurray, of Niagara, who worked as a missionary with tribes along Lake Superior. Maria, the youngest daughter, married James Laurence Schoolcraft, a younger brother of Henry Rowe Schoolcraft.
The Anglo-American settlement and rule over Sault Ste. Marie and Michigan after the War of 1812 changed the culture markedly within a generation. Mixed-race men, even those of upperclass families such as the Johnstons, were discriminated against by the Americans. The Americans disdained the children of mixed marriages; in addition, they were suspicious of Roman Catholics and French speakers. They often did not take the time to discern the layers of northern Michigan society, but lumped all those together who had preceded them in Sault Ste. Marie and other communities.
As noted above, the oldest son Lewis stayed in Canada after the War of 1812. Because of Johnston's resistance to becoming a citizen of the US, his second son George was shut out of the fur trade as the Americans exerted more control in the area. George Johnston worked for Henry Schoolcraft in various roles for the US Indian Agency during the 1820s. 
After Johnston's death, Susan Johnston and their son William managed the sugaring and fishing business. The youngest son John McDougall Johnston settled on Sugar Island (an island along the St. Mary's River) across from Canada. He was later appointed as the last official US Indian Agent in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20684524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684524" title="Kaese Mill">
Kaese Mill

Kaese Mill is a historic grist mill located at Accident, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It was constructed about 1868, and is a -story frame water-powered grist mill. It is the only fully operational water-powered grist mill in Maryland. It was built by Henry August Kaese, Sr., an immigrant miller from Germany who settled in Garrett County shortly after the American Civil War. 
Kaese Mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20684532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684532" title="Edward Leeson, 6th Earl of Milltown">
Edward Leeson, 6th Earl of Milltown

Edward Nugent Leeson, 6th Earl of Milltown KP PC (I) (9 October 1835 – 30 May 1890) was an Irish peer. He became Earl of Milltown in 1871 on the death of Joseph Leeson, 5th Earl of Milltown and was appointed Lord Lieutenant of Wicklow on 14 June 1887. He was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 7 February 1890 shortly before his death.
In 1889 he was appointed as an honorary Commissioner in lunacy.

</doc>
<doc id="20684533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684533" title="SS Celtic">
SS Celtic

SS Celtic was the name of a number of ships.

</doc>
<doc id="20684536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684536" title="Qvist">
Qvist

The surname Qvist (often misspelled as Quist) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20684558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684558" title="Joseph Schofield">
Joseph Schofield

Joseph "Ashton" Schofield (1881 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Wigan. He played for Manchester United, Brynn Central, Ashton Town, and Stockport County.

</doc>
<doc id="20684563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684563" title="Ernest Walter Davie Western">
Ernest Walter Davie Western

Brigadier Ernest Walter Davie Western (1901–1952) was the first son of Walter Western (1871–1936) and Elizabeth Ann Heard (1875–1952). E.W.D. Western was born on 2 Feb, 1901, in Gibraltar. He was educated at the Simon Langton Grammar School for Boys, Canterbury, in 1918. He passed the entrance exam to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, 1919 and was commissioned into the 2nd Battalion Queen's Own Royal West Kent Regiment. 
In late 1937 he married Pamela Rachel Petrides (the daughter of Sir Philip "Bertie" Petrides the Chief Justice of the Gold Coast (1936–1943)), and they had three children: Caroline C. Western (1943), Pamela J. Gay Western (1947), and Christopher J. Western (1949).
D.S.O.
In late 1940, while commanding the 3rd Battalion of the Gold Coast Regiment (12th Division of the 24th Gold Coast Brigade), Lieutenant-Colonel E.W.D. Western took action with his brigade that later earned him a D.S.O. His D.S.O was announced in the London Gazette on 30 December 1941. His commanding officer made a recommendation for him to receive the D.S.O. which reads:
FOR CONSPICUOUSLY MERITORIOUS SERVICES. 
Between 1946 and 1951 he commanded the 2nd Battalion, Royal West Kent Regiment in Germany and the 129th Infantry Brigade in Oxford. In 1951 he was posted to Kenya to command troops in the Northern Area which was the center of the Mau Mau rebellion of late 1952. In September 1952, while on local leave, he suffered a heart attack and died in hospital at Malindi, Mombassa on 19 December 1952. He is buried in the Mombassa Municipal Cemetery, grave D93.

</doc>
<doc id="20684577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684577" title="William Sharpe (footballer)">
William Sharpe (footballer)

William Sharpe (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Newton Heath from 1891 to 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="20684581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684581" title="Tajal Bewas">
Tajal Bewas

Tajal Bewas (Sindhi: تاجل بيوس), whose pen name was "Taj Mohammed Samoo" (1938 – 13 December 2008), was a Sindhi- and Urdu-language poet, novelist, short-story writer, teacher and government official in Pakistan.
His poem, "Sindh Munhji Aman Soonh Tuhinji Mathan Chha Likhi Chha Likhan" is considered "the national anthem of Sindhis in India", according to "The Regional Times", which reported after his death: "He was known across Pakistan and India and many singers of both countries sung his poetry for radio and television". Bewas was the author of 44 books, 34 of them published, including "Andaz-e-Bayan Aur", a collection of Urdu poetry. "He tried to experiment in all native and modern forms of poetry" and was called a Sindhi classical form "Bait", "The News International" of Karachi reported upon his death.
Bewas was born in Pir Hayat Shah village, Khairpur district. His received his education from local schools and the Gambat High School before completing a Master of Arts degree in Economics as an external candidate with Sindh University.
After complementing his education, he taught English in his home town.
Bewas also served as a government official before his retirement, and was registrar for several companies. He was also a secretary for the Pakistani government and registrar of companies for the government of Sindh province.
He was a resident of Karachi when he died at 70. A week before his death, he had a stroke and was sent to at Liaquat National Hospital, where he died. Bewas had arranged musical programs at Chowkundi graveyard, a historical cemetery, and was buried there, as he had wanted.
Upon his death, "The Nation" called Bewas "legendary" and "The News International" called him "renowned".

</doc>
<doc id="20684593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684593" title="William St Lawrence, 4th Earl of Howth">
William St Lawrence, 4th Earl of Howth

William Ulick Tristram St Lawrence, 4th Earl of Howth KP (25 June 1827 – 9 March 1909) was an Irish peer, styled Viscount St Lawrence until 1874. He became Earl of Howth in 1874 on the death of Thomas St Lawrence, 3rd Earl of Howth, and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 8 May 1884. The family titles became defunct as he died without heir.

</doc>
<doc id="20684602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684602" title="Nicola Horlick">
Nicola Horlick

Nicola Karina Christina Horlick (born Nicola Karina Christina Gayford, 28 December 1960, Nottingham) is a British investment fund manager.
Early life.
Horlick's mother, Suzanna Czyzewska, was born in Warsaw in 1939. Czyzewska's parents fled to Russia when the Nazis invaded Poland, and when liberated, they fought with the British in the Middle East. After the war, they lived in Kenya, where Czyzewska was brought up. She moved to the UK when she was 19 and married Horlick's father when she was 21. After having two children, Nicola and then her brother Christopher, Czyzewska went to the Liverpool University School of Architecture and qualified as an architect. Horlick's father, Michael Gayford, was a Liberal candidate in the 1970s for Wirral. Horlick's parents lived in Puddington Old Hall, which is an historic Tudor house.
Horlick attended the independent Kingsmead School in Hoylake, Wirral between the ages of six and twelve. She was one of four girls amongst 300 boys initially. She then boarded at the independent Cheltenham Ladies' College in 1973. She stayed for two years then went to Birkenhead High School GDST. She also spent some time at the Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, USA on an English-Speaking Union exchange scholarship. She gained nine O levels, four A levels and an S level. She gained a place at Balliol College, Oxford in 1979 to study Law, and graduated in 1982.
Career.
Between 1982 and 1983, Horlick worked for her father in the family business. She then joined S. G. Warburg & Co. as a graduate trainee in 1983, starting in the investment management business, which later became Mercury Asset Management. She was appointed a director in 1989. She joined Morgan Grenfell Asset Management in 1991 and was appointed Managing Director of the UK investment business in 1992. During the period that she managed that business, assets under management rose from £4 billion to £22.5 billion.
She set up SG Asset Management in 1997 and Bramdean Asset Management LLP in 2005.
The company is named after a village in the county of Hampshire and is based in Mayfair, London.
Bernard Madoff scandal.
Bramdean Alternatives, part-managed by Bramdean Asset Management LLP, had invested about 9 per cent of its assets (about £10m) with the US trader Bernard Madoff by December 2008. On 11 December 2008, Madoff was arrested and later charged with criminal securities fraud. As a result, Bramdean shares lost a third of their value. In an interview on the BBC's "Today" programme on the Monday following Madoff's fall, Horlick blamed the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the loss.
Personal life.
Horlick has been described as "Superwoman" in the media for balancing her high-flying finance career with bringing up six children, Georgina, Alice, Serena, Antonia, Rupert, and Benjie. Her eldest daughter, Georgina, died of leukaemia in 1998 when she was 12. 
She married Timothy Piers Horlick, whom she had met while at Oxford, in June 1984, when she was 23. They separated in December 2003 and divorced in 2005. Her second marriage is to Martin Baker, a financial journalist, on 8 September 2006. They had met in March 2005, when he interviewed her for the "Sunday Telegraph".
She lives in Barnes, London.

</doc>
<doc id="20684605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684605" title="Stanton's Mill">
Stanton's Mill

Stanton's Mill is a historic grist mill complex located at Grantsville, Garrett County, Maryland, consisting of five interrelated buildings and structures. The Stanton's Mill building was built built about 1859. It is two stories and constructed of heavy timber frame with a gable roof; an addition was constructed in 1900. The complex includes a stone-faced mid-19th century timber crib dam and raceway, natural earthen tailrace, and a small, single-span stone arch bridge, dating to 1817, constructed as part of the National Road. Also on the property is a frame storage building, constructed about 1900.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The mill is still operational and is located next to Casselman River Bridge State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20684611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684611" title="John Walton (footballer)">
John Walton (footballer)

John Andrews Walton (born 21 March 1928 - 17 July 1979) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Horwich, Lancashire. 
Walton began his career as an amateur and represented England at amateur level. He enjoyed two spells with Bury and also spent time at Manchester United, Burnley, Coventry City, Chester and non-league side Kettering Town.
He is sometimes referred to as Johnny Walton.

</doc>
<doc id="20684623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684623" title="Don Omar discography">
Don Omar discography

The discography of Don Omar, a Puerto Rican Reggaeton singer, consists of three studio albums, two live albums, three re-release albums, five compilation albums, thirty-five singles (including singles from studio, live, compilation albums and collaborations), four video albums and twenty-seven music videos.
On 2003, Don Omar released his debut album "The Last Don" including the singles "Dale Don Dale", "Dile" and "Intocable". In the U.S., the album reached number one on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, but on the main Billboard 200, it only reached #165. His second album "King of Kings" was released on 2006. "King of Kings" is his album of most highest rank to date, reaching number one on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart and number seven on the Billboard 200. The album had three singles: "Angelito", "Conteo" and "Salió el Sol".
Don Omar released his third studio album, "iDon", in 2009, featuring the singles "Virtual Diva", "Sexy Robótica" and "Ciao Bella". On November 2010, Don Omar released the collaborative album titled "", featuring the promo single "Hasta Abajo", the Worldwide hit "Danza Kuduro" and "Taboo".

</doc>
<doc id="20684628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684628" title="Henry Dawson-Damer, 3rd Earl of Portarlington">
Henry Dawson-Damer, 3rd Earl of Portarlington

Henry John Reuben Dawson-Damer, 3rd Earl of Portarlington KP (5 September 1822 – 1 March 1889) was an Irish peer. He became Earl of Portarlington in 1845 on the death of his uncle John Dawson, 2nd Earl of Portarlington and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 8 February 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="20684632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684632" title="Frank Wedge">
Frank Wedge

Francis Edgar "Frank" Wedge (28 July 1876 - after 1898) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Dudley, Worcestershire. He played for Manchester United, Manchester Talbot, and Chorlton-cum-Hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="20684637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684637" title="Television in Taiwan">
Television in Taiwan

Television channels in the Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan.
Analogue television.
Analogue television of 3-free-to-air terrestrial television station and channels as:
On 11 June 1997, 2-new free-to-air television channel such: 
Taiwan has terminated analogue broadcasting on 30 June 2012, but the process will end in 2014, when the analogue cable television broadcasts ended.
Digital television.
Digital television launched terrestrially throughout Taiwan on 1 July 2004. Currently, there are simulcasts of analogue and digital television. Taiwan plans to replace analogue broadcasting with a digital system by 2014 after the analogue cable broadcast terminated. The Republic of China Cabinet approved a measure mandating that all new televisions are to be equipped with a digital television tuner from 2006. The rule will apply to TVs measuring between 21 and 29 inches in 2007, and to sets of all sizes in 2008, the Cabinet said in a statement. To assist lower-income families with the switch to digital television, the government plans to provide NT$300 million in aid to purchase converters or for the purchase of new digital televisions. In February 2009, the National Communications Commission proposed amendments to the Cable Television Act; they include mandating cable companies to provide free set-top boxes.
HDTV.
High-definition television broadcast was introduced to Taiwanese audiences with the trial run of HiHD, provided by Public Television Service.
Cable television.
Cable television is prevalent in Taiwan, as a result of cheap subscription rates (typically around NT$550, or US$15 a month) and the paucity of free-to-air television, which comprises four channels. Programming is mostly in Mandarin and Taiwanese, with some English, Japanese and other foreign-language channels. Miniseries, called Taiwanese drama, are popular. There is a dedicated station for Taiwan's Hakka minority as well as the arrival in 2005 of an aboriginal channel. Almost all programs are in the original language with traditional Chinese subtitles.
The Republic of China government is pushing for a switch to digital television services in the near future - this will be provided through a set-top box and will increase the number of available channels.
List of channels.
Free-to-air.
In Taiwan, there are five nationwide free-to-air television networks, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20684646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684646" title="Is the Holocaust Unique?">
Is the Holocaust Unique?

Is the Holocaust Unique?: Perspectives on Comparative Genocide is a 1995 book edited by Alan S Rosenbaum. In the book, scholars compare the Holocaust to other well-known instances of genocide and mass death. The book asks, are there any historical parallels to the Jewish Holocaust? Have Armenians, Gypsies, American Indians, or others undergone a comparable genocide?
As Alan Rosenbaum stated in regards to the book, "Any attempt by any group to keep a monopoly on language is doomed to failure...Because anybody can use any language they want. And the term Holocaust has such power -- as the paradigm case of genocide -- that any group wanting to make a superlative case for its own experience would naturally want to borrow it."
A second edition was printed in 2000, with a third edition to be released in 2009.
Politics of Editing the Book.
Ward Churchill writes:

</doc>
<doc id="20684650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684650" title="Tropical Storm Haishen (2008)">
Tropical Storm Haishen (2008)

Tropical Storm Haishen (International designation:0820; JTWC designation:25W) was the twentieth officially recognized tropical storm of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season. The tropical depression that was to become Tropical Storm Haishen formed late on November 14, as a minor tropical depression to the south of the Ogasawara Islands, however the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) did not start issuing advisories on it until early the next day. As the JMA were starting to issue advisories on the minor tropical depression, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) reported that it was not expected to become a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as they anaylised the depression as subtropical. During that afternoon the JMA upgraded the depression to a full tropical depression while the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing depression as it had become Tropical. That evening, the JMA reported that the depression had become a tropical storm and named it as Haishen while the JTWC designated Haishen as Tropical Depression 25W. Early on November 16, the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm and then both the JMA and the JTWC declared it had reached its peak intensity with winds of 75 km/h (45 mph). At this time, the JTWC reported that there were signs in satellite imagery that Haishen had started its extratropical transition and then issued their final advisory 12 hours later. The JMA continued to issue advisories on Haishen for another 24 hours, when they declared that Haishen had become an extratropical low. The extratropical low then raced across the Pacific Ocean and crossed the International Dateline later that day. There were no casualties or Impact reported from Haishen as it remained out to sea throughout its life.
Meteorological history.
Late on November 14, 2008, The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) reported that a minor tropical depression had formed to the southeast of Iwo To. The JMA then started issuing advisories on the depression early the next day while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) reported that Tropical Cyclone formation was unlikely within the next 24 hours. This was because multispectral satellite imagery had shown that deep convection was developing along the eastern portion of a transitioning Tropical upper tropospheric trough. A QuickScat pass had also shown that a circulation which had previously been confined to the middle of the depression had spawned the development of a low level circulation center. They also reported that the depression currently had a subtropical cold core but was transitioning into a tropical warm core circulation and that a trough of low pressure had introduced increasing vertical wind shear.
Later that day the JMA designated the low as a full tropical depression while later that afternoon, the JTWC reported that deep convection was now persisting along the eastern portion of a low level circulation center, and that the core was now a fully warm tropical core. Despite the low level circulation center progressing rapidly into an area of increasing vertical wind shear, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the system. During that evening the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm and named it Haishen whilst, at the same time the JTWC designated Haishen as Tropical Depression 25W while it was located to the east of Iwo To.
Early on November 16, the JTWC upgraded the Haishen to a Tropical Storm and at the same time Haishen had reached both its 1-minute and 10-minute peak intensity with winds of 75 km/h (45 mph). At this time the JTWC reported that vertical wind shear had increased over the previous 12 hours, which had kept most of the deep convection confined to the eastern portion of the low level circulation center. They also reported that Haishen was traveling along the north portion of a subtropical ridge to the southeast of the system. Microwave imagery had shown that dry air was starting to wrap around the western part of the low level circulation center, they also noted that prefrontal features had appeared on satellite imagery which suggested that extratropical transition had started. The JTWC then issued their final warning later that day as they thought that Haishen was rapidly taking on extratropical characteristics and had lost most of its deep convection, frontal features had also become more pronounced within the last twelve hours. However, the JMA kept issuing advisories on Haishen for another 24 hours before declaring Haishen as extratropical. The extratropical low of Haishen accelerated towards the International Dateline and crossed into the central Pacific later that day. As an extratropical low, the system reintensified to storm intensity but weakened into a 65 km/h (40 mph) gale early on November 21.
Preparations, impact and naming.
As Haishen remained out over open waters for the duration of its existence, there was no impact on any land-masses.
The name Haishen was submitted to the World Meteorological Organisation's Typhoon Committee by the People's Republic of China and was one of the original names submitted for use from January 1, 2000. The name Haishen is Chinese for the God of the sea and was last used in the 2002 Pacific typhoon season.
See also.
2008 Pacific typhoon season

</doc>
<doc id="20684651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684651" title="Arthur Plunkett, 9th Earl of Fingall">
Arthur Plunkett, 9th Earl of Fingall

Arthur James Plunkett, 9th Earl of Fingall KP PC (I) (29 March 1791 – 21 April 1869) was an Irish peer, styled Lord Killeen from 1797 to 1836. He became Earl of Fingall in 1836 on the death of his father the 8th Earl and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 9 October 1846.
He married Louisa Corbally and had 8 children, including Arthur, 10th Earl of Fingall, and the noted diplomat Francis Richard Plunkett.

</doc>
<doc id="20684680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684680" title="William Howard, 4th Earl of Wicklow">
William Howard, 4th Earl of Wicklow

William Howard, 4th Earl of Wicklow KP (13 February 1791 – 22 March 1869) was an Irish peer, styled Lord Clonmore from 1815 to 1818. He became Earl of Wicklow in 1818 on the death of William Howard, 3rd Earl of Wicklow and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 9 October 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="20684686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684686" title="Durga Lal">
Durga Lal

Pandit Durga Lal (1948 - 21 Jan 1990) was a renowned Kathak dancer of the Jaipur Gharana. He was born in Mahendragarh, Rajasthan. He is known for playing the title main role in the 1989 dance drama "Ghanashyam"; the music of which was composed by Pandit Ravi Shankar and was produced by Birmingham Opera Company. For his contributions to the field of Kathak form of dance he was awarded Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award, by Government of India. He had also received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for the year 1984.
Lal was a disciple of Sunder Prasdji. Along with being a Kathak dancer he was also a singer and would play Pakhvaj. He taught Kathak at the National Institute of Kathak Dance (Kathak Kendra), New Delhi. Lal's brother Pandit Devi Lal was also a renowned Kathak dancer. Devi Lal's wife Gitanjali Lal is also a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award winner (2007). Both brothers died at an early age.
After Durga Lal's death his children and other art fraternity members have been organising an annual festival called Pandit Durga Lal Memorial Festival. He has two children, elder daughter Nupur and younger son Mohit. Nupur is Kathak performer and vocalist and Mohit is a percussionist. His disciples include renowned dancers Uma Dogra and Jayant Kastuar amongst others. In memory of Lal, Dogra has arranged the "Pandit Durga Lal Samaroh" for more than 15 years as of 2005. She has also made a documentary "Nirvana Through Dance" on him.

</doc>
<doc id="20684689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684689" title="Black Movement of Brazil">
Black Movement of Brazil

Movimento Negro (or Black Movement) is a generic name given to the diverse Afro-Brazilian social movements that occurred in 20th-century Brazil, particularly those movements that appeared in post-World War II Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo.
History.
Social movements involving Black groups are found throughout Brazil's history. However, until the abolition of slavery in 1888, these social movements were almost always clandestine and radical in nature since their main objective was the liberation of black slaves. Since slaves were treated like private property,escapes and insurrections threatened the social order along with causing economic harm. These insurrections became the object of violent repression not only by the ruling class, but also by the state and its agents.
Pre-Abolition Black Resistance.
Quilombos, Quilombolas, and Quilombagem.
The principal form of embodiment of resistance against slavery by black rebel movements for nearly four centuries (1549–1888) was quilombagem. According to Clavis Moura:
"Quilombagem is understood as the permanent rebel movements organized and directed by the slaves throughout the national territory. Considered a provocative social change movement, it was a constant and significant demoralizing force for the slave system undermining the slave system on several levels—economic, social and military. This kind of activity greatly influenced the crisis that the slave economy experienced and was eventually substituted by free labor" (22, 1989).
Even though according to Moura the quilombagem had as its organizational center the quilombo where escaped slaves sought refuge in addition to all sort of individuals excluded and marginalized by society during the colonial era, the quilombagem comprised "other forms of individual or collective protests" such as insurrections (the most notable one being in Salvador in 1835) and bandoleirismo, a guerrilla tactic in which groups of escaped slaves organized themselves to attack groups of people and travelers on the roadways (Moura, 1989).
In Moura's study the quilombagem as an emancipatory movement "greatly precedes the liberal abolitionist movement" that only began to be more public after 1880 when slavery had already entered into crisis. Nevertheless, because of the absence of mediators between the rebel slaves and the ruling class, the problems surrounding the quilombagem could only be solved by violence and not through dialogue. Even though there existed exceptions like the Republic of Palmares which lasted for almost a century, most of the quilombola movements did not have the means to resist for long against the oppressive mechanism of the state.
From Inconfidências to Isabelismo.
While the Inconfidência Mineira was a separatist movement without a popular base and an almost complete absence of blacks, it was opposed to the situation known as the Inconfidência Baiana, or the Revolt of the Alfaiates (Tailors)in 1798. The objectives of the rebelling baianos were, according to Moura, "much more radical, and the proposal to liberate the slaves was one of the main goals of their objectives (43, 1989). Among its leaders and members were included "freed blacks, black slaves, pardo slaves, freed pardos, artesans, tailors; those who were from the most oppressed or discriminated classes of Bahia colonial society" (43, 1989).
After the abolition of slavery, a certain portion of the black groups engaged themselves in the defense of Isabelism, a kind of cult to Princess Isabel who was given the name of "redeemer" as if abolition had been an "act of personal kindness" from the regent (Moura 1989). One of the most fervent believers of this movement was José do Patrocínio who sought to mobilize ex-slaves to defend the monarchy who had been threatened by the surge in groups who intended to establish a republic in Brazil. This movement culminated in the foundation of the Black Guard (Guarda Negra), a kind of shock troop composed of "capoeiras and marginalized individuals" whose principal function was to disperse republican rallies through the use of force. However, with the downfall of the Empire and the proclamation of the Republic, José do Patrocínio joined the winning side, and the Black Guard was dissolved.
From revolt to pacified resistance.
With the end of the Empire different black groups joined a diversity of popular movements, particularly those messianic in character, such as that of Canudos and that of the blessed Lourenço. They even had a significant role in the Revolt of Chibata in 1910 which was led by the sailor João Cândido. Through this revolt, Cândido succeeded in making the Brazilian Navy stop applying the punishment of flogging to sailors who were in their majority black. Despite this victory and a promise of amnesty the leadership of the movement was almost completely exterminated a year later. Even João Cândido who had survived purged by the government, lived out the final days of his life forgotten and in misery.
The Revolt of Chibata was virtually the last organized armed black rebellion that took place in Brazil. From then on black groups sought out alternative forms of resistance, "especially in leisure, cultural or sport groups" (Moura 1989). This pacific form of resistance already existed during the era of slavery even though it was not the only existing instrument of resistance.
Since these practices did not occur in a social vacuum, Moura alerts to the fact that these groups did not conserve their original purity since they "suffered the acculturated influence (that is, whitening) of the dominant ideological mechanism. It is an ideological-cultural battle that is fought on all levels, even before our very eyes" (Moura 1989). Moura gives examples referring to the samba schools of Rio de Janeiro that from spontaneous popular manifestations during the first decades of the 20th century converted into a highly lucrative business for its directors that relied on official protection from the state.
The Black Movement in the 20th Century.
Genesis: 1915-1945.
With São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro as principal centers of mobilization, the Afro-Brazilian social movements began to forge new paths beginning in the 1910s in an attempt to fight for the recently acquired citizenship and transform themselves into national organization. The first major manifestation is the emergence of the black paulista (São Paulo) press, whose first newspaper, the Menelick, begins to circulate in 1915. It is followed by A Rua (The Street) in 1916, O Alfinete (The Pin) in 1918, A Liberdade (Liberty) in 1919, A Sentinela (The Guardian) in 1920, O Getulino and O Clarim d'Alvorada (Clear Daybreak) in 1924. This wave of publications last until 1963 when O Correio d'Ébano was closed down. All of these newspapers were characterized by the fact of not covering major national events (which they carefully avoided). According to Moura, it "was a highly specialized press in its information and directed to a specific public" (1989).
Because of this melting pot of ideological culture promoted by the black paulistana press, one of the most interesting national Afro-Brazilian movements is developed in the 1930s, the Frente Negra Brasileira (FNB - Brazilian Black Front). Established on September 16, 1931 due to a strong centralized organization in the form of a "Grand Counsel" of 20 members and presided over by a chief or boss (this caused it to be accused of being a Fascist movement). Relying on thousands of members and sympathizers, the FNB had a featured role in the fight against racial discrimination, for example, having been responsible for the inclusion of blacks in the Public Force of São Paulo. After attaining success, the FNB decided to establish itself as a political party, and in doing allowed them to be involved in the Electoral Tribunal in 1936.
However, FNB's life as a political party was short. In 1937 with a decree by the Estado Novo of Getúlio Vargas, all political parties, including the FNB, were declared illegal and dissolved. From that moment until redemocratization in 1945, black social movements had to recede back to their traditional forms of cultural resistance. The only possible exception during this period (but is categorized as cultural resistance)is connected to the actions of Abdias do Nascimento whom in 1944 in Rio de Janeiro founded the Teatro Experimental do Negro (TEN - Black Experimental Theater). Nascimento was responsible for the an expressive theatrical production that sought to boost "the consciousness of black Brazilians" and combat racial discrimination (Moura 1989).
Rearticulation: 1945–1975.
Beginning in the 1950s, the black movements initiated a slow cycle of rearticulation that is marked by the founding of the Associação Cultural do Negro (ACN - Black Cultural Association) in São Paulo in 1954. Even though it emerged as an ideological assertion movement, the ACN did not neglect providing assistance to its members by establishing culture, sport, student and feminine departments, and even a Recreation Committee. After a period of expansion, it entered a phase of decline and experienced a time of inactivity. It reemerged on May 13, 1977 with objectives focused more on assistance and philanthropy that included the creation of a school and free literacy courses. However, according to Moura, the ACN had lost "its initial ethos" and had to shut down its activities soon after.
In 1975 the Instituto de Pesquisa e Cultura Negra (IPCN - Black Culture and Research Institute) is founded in Rio de Janeiro. It is an organization of great relevance for the black movement, and its sustainment is due to the contribution of hundreds of partners. One of the few entities to have their own facilities, the IPCN encountered financial problems at the end of the 1980s having to subsequently shut its doors.

</doc>
<doc id="20684703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684703" title="Konjic">
Konjic

Konjic is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in northern Herzegovina, around southwest of Sarajevo. It is a mountainous, heavily wooded area, and is above sea level. The municipality extends on both sides of the Neretva River. The town of Konjic, housed about a third of the total municipality population.
The city is one of the oldest permanent settlements in Bosnia, dating back almost 4000 years; the city in its current incarnation arising as an important town in the late 1300s. Today, the population of Konjic municipality is estimated at 26,000 people.
History.
The area near the town is believed to be settled up to 4000 years ago, and settlements around 2000 years ago by Illyrian tribes travelling upstream along the Neretva River have been found. Konjic was earliest recorded by name in the records of the Republic of Ragusa on 16 June 1382. The town, being part of the Bosnian kingdom, was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire, of which the lasting feature for the town (apart from the many mosques and bringing of Islamic faith) is the Ottoman-inspired bridge which features in the town's coat of arms, and later into the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
During World War II, the town became part of the Independent State of Croatia, and following the war joined the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Between 1953 and 1979, a 611 square-metre atomic bunker, dug 300 metres into a mountain, was built secretly by the government in the Konjic municipality, in which President Tito and about 350 people from the Yugoslav ruling elite would have been able to find shelter. The town grew significantly and prospered as a vibrant, multi-ethnic city with good transport links (the town is on the railway between Sarajevo and the Adriatic Sea), the large Igman ammunition factory and Yugoslav Army barracks. These factors became one of the main reasons for the conflict in the 1990s.
During the Bosnian War.
During conflict in Yugoslavia, Konjic municipality was of strategic importance as it contained important communication links from Sarajevo to southern Bosnia and Herzegovina. During the siege of Sarajevo the route through Konjic was of vital importance to the Bosnian government forces. Furthermore, several important military facilities were contained in Konjic, including the Igman arms and ammunition factory, the JNA Ljuta barracks, the Reserve Command Site of the JNA, the Zlatar communications and telecommunications centre, and the Celebici barracks and warehouses.
Although the Konjic municipality did not have a majority Serb population and was not part of the declared "Serb autonomous regions", in March 1992, the self-styled "Serb Konjic Municipality" adopted a decision on the Serbian territories. The SDS, in co-operation with the JNA, had also been active in arming the Serb population of the municipality and in training paramilitary units and militias. According to Dr. Andrew James Gow, an expert witness for the Prosecution, the SDS distributed around 400 weapons to Serbs in the area.
Konjic was also included in those areas claimed by the HDZ in Bosnia and Herzegovina as part of the "Croatian Community of Herceg-Bosna", despite the fact that the Croats did not constitute a majority of the population there either (just a quarter of population in 1991, as the municipality was mixed). The Croatian Army units (known as the HVO) were established and armed in the municipality by April 1992.
Following the international recognition of the independent Bosnian state and the walk-out of SDS representatives from the Municipal Assembly a War Assembly was formed to take charge of the defence of the municipality. Between 20 April and early May 1992 Bosnian government forces seized control over most of the strategic assets of the Municipality and some armaments. However, Serb forces controlled the main access points to the municipality, effectively cutting it off from outside supply. Bosniak refugees began to arrive from outlying areas of the municipality expelled by Serbs, while Serb inhabitants of the town left for Serb-controlled villages according to the decision made by Serb leadership.
On 4 May 1992, the first shells landed in Konjic town, fired by the JNA and other Serb forces from the slopes of Borasnica and Kisera. This shelling, which continued daily for over three years, until the signing of the Dayton Peace Agreement, inflicted substantial damage and resulted in the loss of many lives as well as rendering conditions for the surviving population even more unbearable. With the town swollen from the influx of refugees, there was a great shortage of accommodation as well as food and other basic necessities. Charitable organisations attempted to supply the local people with enough food but all systems of production foundered or were destroyed. It was not until August or September of that year that convoys from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) managed to reach the town, and all communications links were cut off with the rest of the State. A clear priority for the Konjic authorities was the de-blocking of the routes to Sarajevo and Mostar. This objective required that the Serbian forces holding Bradina and Donje Selo, as well as those at Borci and other strategic points, be disarmed. Initially, an attempt was made at negotiation with the SDS and other representatives of the Serb people in Bradina and Donje Selo. This did not, however, achieve success for the Konjic authorities and plans were made for the launching of military operations by the Joint Command.
The first area to be targeted was the village of Donje Selo. On 20 May 1992 forces of the TO and HVO entered the village. Bosnian government soldiers moved through Viniste towards the villages of Cerići and Bjelovcina. Cerići, which was the first shelled, was attacked around 22 May and some of its inhabitants surrendered. The village of Bjelovcina was also attacked around that time. According to witnesses heard by the ICTY, the Serb-populated village of Bradina was shelled in the late afternoon and evening of 25 May and then soldiers in both camouflage and black uniforms appeared, firing their weapons and setting fire to buildings. Many of the population sought to flee and some withdrew to the centre of the village. These people were, nonetheless, arrested at various times around 27 and 28 May, by TO, HVO and MUP soldiers and police.
These military operations resulted in the arrest of many members of the Serb population and it was thus necessary to create a facility where they could be imprisoned and questioned about their role in war crimes during the siege of Konjic. The former JNA Čelebići compound was chosen out of necessity as the appropriate facilities for the detention of prisoners in Konjic. The majority of the prisoners who were detained between April and December 1992 were men, captured during and after the military operations at Bradina and Donje Selo and their surrounding areas. At the end of May, several groups were transferred to the Čelebići prison camp from various locations. In its judgement in the Delalić case the ICTY found that some Serb prisoners had been beaten, tortured and several murdered by the camp guards, and two women at the camp had been raped (one of them Grozdana Cecez, identity of other woman is unknown). After these information the prison was closed according to the decision of Bosnian government in December 1992 and remaining prisoners released.
Culture.
D-0 ARK Underground Biennal of Contemporary Art.
Konjijc hosts a Biennial of Contemporary Art since 2011, called "D-0 ARK Underground" which is located in an Atomic shelter named ARK, which the Yugoslav army built between 1953 and 1979 in Konjic. The project, which the Council of Europe called the best cultural event in 2011, was curated by Petar Cukovic, Branislav Dimitrijevic in 2011 and Branko Franceschi and Bashak Shenove in 2013.
Natural heritage.
Neretva river.
The Neretva is largest karst river in the Dinaric Alps in the entire eastern part of the Adriatic basin, which belongs to the Adriatic river watershed. The total length is , of which are in Bosnia and Herzegovina, while the final are in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County of Croatia.
The municipality of Konjic includes at least half of the area of the Upper Neretva "()", which is the upper course of the Neretva river. Geographically and hydrologically the Neretva is divided into three sections.
The upper course of the Neretva river is simply called the Upper Neretva "()", and includes a vast area around the Neretva, numerous streams and well-springs, three major glacial lakes near the river (and even more lakes, outside the municipality of Konjic, scattered across the mountains of Treskavica and Zelengora in the wider area of the Upper Neretva), one artificial lake (Jablaničko), mountains and forests, and native flora and fauna. All this natural heritage together with the cultural heritage of the Upper Neretva, represent rich and valuable resources of Bosnia and Herzegovina as well as Europe.
The Upper Neretva has water of Class I purity and is almost certainly the coldest river water in the world, often as low as in the summer months.
Rakitnica river.
The Rakitnica river is the main tributary of the Upper Neretva. The Rakitnica forms a -long canyon (of its length), that stretches between Bjelašnica and Visočica to the southeast of Sarajevo.
There is a hiking trail along the ridge of the canyon, at a level of above the river, all the way to the village of Lukomir. Lukomir is the only remaining traditional semi-nomadic Bosniak mountain village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
At almost , the village of Lukomir, with its unique stone homes with cherry-wood roof tiles, is the highest and most isolated mountain village in the country. Indeed, access to the village is impossible from the first snows in December until late April and sometimes even later, except by skis or on foot. A newly constructed lodge is now complete to receive guests and hikers.
Jablaničko lake.
Jablaničko Lake () is a large artificially-formed lake on the Neretva river, right below Konjic where the Neretva briefly expands into a wide valley. The river provided much fertile, agricultural land before the lake flooded most of the valley.
The lake was created in 1953 after construction of a high gravitational hydroelectric dam near Jablanica in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The lake has an irregular elongated shape. Its width varies along its length. The lake is a popular vacation destination in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Swimming, boating and especially fishing are popular activities on the lake. There are 13 types of fish in the lake's ecosystem. Many weekend cottages have been built along the shores of the lake.
Endemic and endangered species.
Trout.
The river Neretva and its tributaries represent the main drainage system in the east Adriatic watershed and the foremost ichthyofaunal habitat of the region. Salmonidae fish from the Neretva basin show considerable variation in morphology, ecology and behaviour. Neretva also has many other endemic and fragile life forms that are near extinction. Among most endangered are three endemic species of Neretva trout: Neretvanska Mekousna "(Salmo obtusirostris oxyrhynchus)", Zubatak "(Salmo dentex)"
and Glavatica "(Salmo marmoratus)".
All three endemic trout species of Neretva are endangered mostly due to destruction of the habitat and hybridisation with introduced trouts and illegal fishing as well as poor management of water and fisheries (dams, overfishing, mismanagement).
Ecology and protection.
Dam problems.
The benefits brought by dams have often come at a great environmental and social cost, as dams destroy ecosystems and cause people to lose their homes and livelihoods.
The Neretva and two main tributaries are already harnessed, by four HE power-plants with "large dams" on Neretva, one HE power-plants with "major dam" on the Neretva tributary Rama, and two HE power-plants with one "major dam" on the Trebišnjica river, which is considered as part of the Neretva watershed.
Also, the government of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity has unveiled plans to build three more hydroelectric power plants with "major dams" (as over 150.5 meters in height) upstream from the existing plants, beginning with "Glavaticevo Hydro Power Plant" in the nearby Glavatičevo village, then going even more upstream "Bjelimići Hydro Power Plant" and "Ljubuča Hydro Power Plant" located near the villages with a same names; and in addition one more at the Neretva headwaters gorge, near the very source of the river in entity of Republic of Srpska by its entity government. This, if realized, would completely destroyed this jewel among rivers, so its strongly opposed and protested by numerous environmentalist organizations and NGO's, domestic as well as international, who wish for the canyon, considered at least beautiful as the Tara canyon in Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby Montenegro, to remain untouched and unspoiled, hopefully protected too.<br>
Moreover, the same Government Of FBiH prepering a parallel plan to form a huge National Park which include entire region of Gornja Neretva "()", and within Park those three hydroelectric power plants, which is unheard in the history of environmenatal protection. The latest idea is that the park should be divided in two, where the Neretva should be excluded from both and, in fact, become the boundary between parks.
This is a cuning plan of engineers and related ministry in Government Of FBiH and should leave the river available for the construction of three large dams, and give them hope in order to remove the fear of contradiction in the plans for environmental protection in the area and the flooding its very heart, in terms of natural values – the Neretva. Of course, such deception failed, because the concerned citizens from the local community are not given bluff, as well as concerned citizens of whole country, and its particularly strongly opposed by NGOs and other institutions and organizations that are interested in "establishing the "National Park of Upper Neretva" towards the professional and scientific principles and not according to the needs of electric energy lobby".
Settlements.
• Argud
• Bale
• Bare
• Barmiš
• Bijela
• Bjelovčina
• Blace
• Blučići
• Borci
• Boždarevići
• Bradina
• Brđani
• Budišnja Ravan
• Bukovica
• Bukovlje
• Bulatovići
• Bušćak
• Buturović Polje
• Cerići
• Crni Vrh
• Čelebići
• Čelina
• Česim
• Čičevo
• Čuhovići
• Dobričevići
• Dolovi
• Doljani
• Donja Vratna Gora
• Donje Selo
• Donje Višnjevice
• Donji Čažanj
• Donji Gradac
• Donji Nevizdraci
• Donji Prijeslop
• Došćica
• Dubočani
• Dubravice
• Dudle
• Dužani
• Džajići
• Džanići
• Džepi
• Falanovo Brdo
• Gakići
• Galjevo
• Glavatičevo
• Gobelovina
• Gorani
• Goransko Polje
• Gorica
• Gornja Vratna Gora
• Gornje Višnjevice
• Gornji Čažanj
• Gornji Gradac
• Gornji Nevizdraci
• Gostovići
• Grabovci
• Gradeljina
• Grušča
• Hasanovići
• Herići
• Homatlije
• Homolje
• Hondići
• Idbar
• Jasenik
• Javorik
• Jezero
• Ježeprosina
• Jošanica
• Kale
• Kanjina
• Kašići
• Konjic
• Kostajnica
• Koto
• Krajkovići
• Kralupi
• Krtići
• Krupac
• Krušćica
• Kula
• Lađanica
• Lisičići
• Lokva
• Luka
• Lukomir
• Lukšije
• Ljesovina
• Ljubuča
• Ljuta
• Mladeškovići
• Mokro
• Mrkosovice
• Obrenovac
• Obri
• Odžaci
• Orahovica
• Orlište
• Oteležani
• Ovčari
• Pačerani
• Parsovići
• Plavuzi
• Podhum
• Podorašac
• Pokojište
• Polje Bijela
• Požetva
• Prevlje
• Radešine
• Raotići
• Rasvar
• Razići
• Redžići
• Repovci
• Repovica
• Ribari
• Ribići
• Seljani
• Seonica
• Sitnik
• Slavkovići
• Solakova Kula
• Sopot
• Spiljani
• Stojkovići
• Strgonice
• Studenčica
• Sultići
• Svijenča
• Šunji
• Tinje
• Tovarnica
• Treboje
• Trešnjevica
• Trusina
• Tuhobići
• Turija
• Ugošće
• Veluša
• Vinište
• Vrbljani
• Vrci
• Vrdolje
• Zabrđani
• Zabrđe
• Zagorice
• Zaslivlje
• Zukići (Konjic)Zukići.
Ethnic distribution.
1971.
40,879 total
1991.
According to the 1991 census, the municipality of Konjic had 43,878 residents: 23,815 Bosniaks (54.3%), 11,513 Croats (26.2%), 6,620 Serbs (15.1%), and 1,930 others (4.4%).

</doc>
<doc id="20684738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684738" title="Joseph Leeson, 4th Earl of Milltown">
Joseph Leeson, 4th Earl of Milltown

Joseph Leeson, 4th Earl of Milltown KP (11 February 1799 – 31 January 1866) was an Irish peer, styled Viscount Russborough from 1801 to 1807. He became Earl of Milltown in 1807 on the death of his grandfather Brice Leeson, 3rd Earl of Milltown and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 13 March 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="20684747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684747" title="Jōno Station (JR Kyushu)">
Jōno Station (JR Kyushu)


</doc>
<doc id="20684780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684780" title="Francis Mathew, 2nd Earl Landaff">
Francis Mathew, 2nd Earl Landaff

Francis James Mathew, 2nd Earl Landaff KP (20 January 1768 – 12 March 1833), styled The Honourable Francis Mathew from 1783 to 1797 and Viscount Mathew from 1797 to 1806, was an Irish peer and politician.
Mathew sat for Tipperary in the Irish House of Commons from 1790 to 1792. He represented Callan between May and November 1796 and subsequently again Tipperary until the Act of Union in 1801. He was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 24 November 1831.
Mathew succeeded his father in the earldom in 1806 and also took his father's place as an Irish Representative Peer in the House of Lords, while his younger brother Montague James Mathew (1773–1819) succeeded him as one of the two members of the UK parliament for County Tipperary.
As Lord Landaff, he was an opponent of the Union and a supporter of Catholic Emancipation, who was also "a personal enemy of George IV" and gave evidence in favour of Queen Charlotte regarding her conduct at the Court of Naples during her famous trial.
Lord Landaff married Gertrude Cecilia, a daughter of John la Touche, of Kildare. The marriage was childless. He died of syncope in Dublin on 12 March 1833, aged 65, when the titles became extinct. Dying intestate, his estates went to his sister, Lady Elizabeth Mathew, who died in 1842 leaving the fortune to a cousin, the Vicomte de Chabot, the son of her mother's sister Elizabeth Smyth.

</doc>
<doc id="20684790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684790" title="Paythorne">
Paythorne

Paythorne is a small village and civil parish in Ribble Valley, Lancashire, England. It is situated alongside the River Ribble, north-east of Clitheroe, and on the boundary with North Yorkshire. Other parishes adjacent to Paythorne are Halton West, Nappa (both in North Yorkshire), Newsholme, Horton, Gisburn, Sawley, Bolton-by-Bowland and Gisburn Forest (all in Lancashire). The nearest town is Barnoldswick, situated south-east of the village. Paythorne is on the edge of the Forest of Bowland Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, although only a small area in the west of the parish is within the area's boundary. The Ribble Way long distance walk passes through the village.
Paythorne is a small village, with not many facilities although it has a pub (the Buck Inn) and a Methodist chapel. A mobile post office serves Gisburn; the nearest permanent Post Office is at Hellifield, 5 miles away. The area surrounding the village consists of several farms, and moorland including Paythorne Moor north of the village.
The village is mentioned in the Domesday Book in the 11th century. The meaning of the place name is uncertain, however suggestions have included "a thorn bush beside a pathway" and "a peacock shaped thorn bush". Historically, Paythorne was in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and before it became a parish, it was a township in the parish of Gisburn.
In the 2001 census, Paythorne had a population of 95, in 35 households.
For local government, Paythorne is part of the ward of "Gisburn, Rimington" in the borough of Ribble Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20684794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684794" title="Rebecca Solomon">
Rebecca Solomon

Rebecca Solomon (26 September 1832 in Bishopsgate, London, England – 20 November 1886) was an English painter.
Biography.
Rebecca was one of eight children born into an artistically-inclined Jewish merchant family. Her father was Michael (Meyer) Solomon and mother Catherine (Kate) Levy. Rebecca was a sister to her more famous painter brothers Simeon Solomon (1840–1905) and Abraham Solomon (1824–1862).
Initially Rebecca was taught by her older brother Abraham and then took lessons at the Spitalfields School of Design. She exhibited at the Royal Academy of Art between 1852 and 1868, and also at the Dudley Gallery and Gambart's French Gallery.
Rebecca worked in the studio of John Everett Millais and the best known example of her work is a version of Millais's "Christ in the House of his Parents". As a genre painter, she painted works that often reflected gender and social class differences.
In 1886, Rebecca died aged 54, from injuries sustained after being run over by a hansom cab on the Euston Road in London.
Her paintings include:
"Behind the curtain", Exhibited at Royal Academy of Arts, London 1858 (no.1094)
"The Arrest of a Deserter", Exhibited at Royal Academy of Arts, London 1861 (no. 581), now at the Israel Museum, Jerusalrm, 
"Wounded Dove", Exhibited at the Dudley Gallery, London 1866 (no. 242)

</doc>
<doc id="20684816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684816" title="Francis Caulfeild, 2nd Earl of Charlemont">
Francis Caulfeild, 2nd Earl of Charlemont

Francis William Caulfeild, 2nd Earl of Charlemont KP, PC (Ire) (3 January 1775 – 26 December 1863), styled Viscount Caulfeild until 1799, was an Irish peer and politician.
He was born the son of James Caulfeild, 1st Earl of Charlemont.
In 1798 Caulfeild stood for Charlemont and Armagh County. He represented the latter constituency in the Irish House of Commons until 1799, when he became Earl of Charlemont on the death of his father. He was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 19 October 1831. He was a Lord Lieutenant of Tyrone and a member of the Privy Council of Ireland.
He died at his seat, Marino House in Clontarf, Dublin. He had married Anne, the daughter and co-heiress of William Bermingham of Ross Hill, County Galway. His four children pre-deceased him and he was consequently succeeded in his estate and title by his nephew, James Molyneux Caulfeild.

</doc>
<doc id="20684820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684820" title="BCL Molecular">
BCL Molecular

The BCL Molecular 18 was a range of 18-bit computers designed and manufactured in the UK from 1970 until the late 1980s.The machines were originally manufactured by Systemation Limited and serviced by Business Mechanisation Limited. The two companies merged in 1968 to form Business Computers Limited - a public limited company. Business Computers Ltd subsequently went into receivership in 1974. It was purchased from the receiver by Computer World Trade, maintenance of existing machines was by a subsidiary of CWT called CFM, manufacturing was passed to ABS Computer in the old BCL building and sales rights were sold to a team from the old Singer Computers by 1976 trading as Business Computers (Systems) Ltd selling the Molecular. BC(S) Ltd subsequently went public in 1981 to form Business Computers (Systems) Plc. Servicing and manufacturing was gradually taken over by Systemation Services/ Systemation Developments Ltd. BC(S)Plc was eventually taken over by Electronic Data Processing (EDP)
Note that neither SADIE nor SUSIE shared any technology with the Molecular series.

</doc>
<doc id="20684825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684825" title="Rhiw Valley Light Railway">
Rhiw Valley Light Railway

The Rhiw Valley Light Railway is located near to the village of Berriew in Powys, Wales.
The railway is constructed to gauge, in an 'out and back' return loop . As an 'out and back' loop, trains return to the central station facing in the opposite direction from that in which they departed. The railway was privately built and operated, and its original owner is now deceased. The railway is now owned by his widow, who opens the line to the public just one day per year, in mid-summer. The very attractive route runs through fields and along hedgerows, and being largely unfenced there is considerable interaction with livestock from rabbits to sheep.
There are two resident steam locomotives. 'Powys' is a powerful 0-6-2 tank engine, built in 1973 by Severn Lamb. 'Jack' is a large 0-4-0 tender engine, constructed by TMA Engineering of Birmingham and Jack Woodroffe of Welshpool in 2003. An assortment of wooden passenger carriages (both bogie carriages and four-wheel vehicles) and wagons is available on the line.

</doc>
<doc id="20684851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684851" title="Mehrdad Izady">
Mehrdad Izady

Michael Mehrdad R.S.C. Izady (1963– ), is a contemporary writer on ethnic and cultural topics, particularly the Greater Middle East, and Kurds. He was born to a Kurdish father and a Belgian mother, and spent much of his youth in Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan and Korea, as his diplomat parents moved from one assignment to another. He received his BA degree in History, Political Science and Geography from Kansas University, and then attended Syracuse University where he received two masters degrees in Remote Sensing-Cartography and in International Relations. He received his PhD at the department of Middle Eastern Languages and Civilizations of Columbia University in 1992. He taught for six years in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at Harvard University and in the Department of Middle Eastern Studies and History at the Joint Special Operations University in Florida. He has testified before two US Congressional Committees and has authored many books and articles on Middle East and Southeast European subjects. He has been a part-time faculty at the Department of History at Fordham University, New York Institute of Technology and Pace University since 2001. He also continues his educational services to the US military, diplomatic corps and the NATO. Since 1997, he has also been a Master Adjunct professor at the Joint Special Operations University, Florida.
Izady is also a cartographer who has produced work on ethno-cultural topics of the Old World. His annotated cartographic works have been used by the atlases, authors, the international media—to include the "National Geographic", "The Economist" as well as the US military, the UN and various other entities. Some of his work can be found at Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs, Gulf 2000 Project web site.

</doc>
<doc id="20684857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684857" title="Alabama Day">
Alabama Day

Alabama Day is a holiday celebrated on December 14. It commemorates Alabama's admittance to the Union as the 22nd state on December 14, 1819. The Alabama Legislature adopted a resolution calling for the observance of the day in 1923, at the urging of the Alabama Department of Education and Alabama Department of Archives and History.

</doc>
<doc id="20684862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684862" title="Ralph Wenzel">
Ralph Wenzel

Ralph Richard Wenzel (March 14, 1943 – June 18, 2012) was a professional American football player who played guard for seven seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and San Diego Chargers. Wenzel's family, including his parents, two children and four grandchildren reside, in San Diego, with his elder brother residing in Hawaii.
Early onset of dementia.
Wenzel's name gained notoriety in late 2009, when Wenzel's wife, Dr. Eleanor Perfetto, testified on Wenzel's dementia. Perfetto testified that Wenzel's football career probably had a causal effect with his dementia.

</doc>
<doc id="20684863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684863" title="Stuart Benjamin">
Stuart Benjamin

Stuart Benjamin (born April 25, 1946) is an American film producer.
Biography.
Early life.
Benjamin was born in Los Angeles. He attended North Hollywood High School where he lettered in Varsity basketball and served on the student council. He went on to graduate from the University of Southern California in 1967 with a degree in Finance, where he played basketball and served as the President of Associated Men, was a Rhodes Scholar candidate, and was a recipient of the prestigious Man of Troy award. He also attended Harvard Law School, and graduated in 1970. He is the son of Gerald Benjamin, a corporate executive, and Victorine Benjamin, a housewife.
Career.
He began his career in 1970 with the law firm of Wyman, Bautzer, Finell, Rothman and Kuchel. He became a partner in 1975, specializing in business, securities and entertainment litigation, as well as sports law, and was chairman of the firm's entertainment department at the time he left the firm in January 1988. From 1975 to 1978 Benjamin served on the board of directors of the Boston Celtics and received a championship ring when the Celtics won a World Championship in 1976. In 1978 Benjamin was involved in the formation of the San Diego Clippers and served on their board until 1981.
In 1971 Benjamin and director Taylor Hackford formed a production company called New Visions, Inc. Throughout most of the 70's they produced documentaries, docu-dramas and a great number of music-concert shows. Their short film, Teenage Father, garnered Hackford an Oscar in 1979 for the short film. Benjamin and Hackford went on to produce several other films under the New Visions banner: Against All Odds, White Nights, La Bamba, Everybody's All-American.
Outside of New Visions, Benjamin was actively involved in the production of the highly acclaimed "Testament", The film tells the story of how one small Bay Area town near San Francisco slowly falls apart after a nuclear war destroys outside civilization. Jane Alexander was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance. He also produced the highly acclaimed film for American Playhouse, Billy Galvin, starring Karl Malden.
In 1988, Benjamin and Hackford formed New Visions Pictures, a joint venture between New Visions Entertainment and Cineplex Odeon. Benjamin served as President and chief operating officer of New Visions Pictures from 1988 through 1991, during which time the venture produced six films, The Long Walk Home, Defenseless, Sweet Talker, Queen's Logic, Mortal Thoughts, and Rooftops Benjamin served as the Executive Producer on all of these films.
As a principal in New Visions Music Group along with Taylor Hackford and Joel Sill, Benjamin has been involved in a number of sound track albums, several of which have achieved gold or platinum status. New Visions Music Group was responsible for nine number one singles.
In 1991, Benjamin formed Benjamin Productions. Together with partner Alise Benjamin Mauritzson, he produced films for both network television and cable including Betrayal of Trust for NBC, The Abduction for Lifetime Television and Sodbusters for Showtime. The company also produced Corduroy, an animated series for Viacom and the USA Network, which became a Saturday morning series on CBS and Safe House, starring Patrick Stewart and Kimberly Williams for Showtime.
In 2000 Benjamin was involved in the formation of Crusader Entertainment, a film and motion picture company financed by Philip Anschutz, and served as Executive Vice President of the Company from its formation until July 2001, when he became a consultant/Independent Producer to Crusader with specific responsibilities on a number of Crusader's projects. It was while he was an executive at Crusader that his pet project, the Ray Charles "Story" was put into development. Benjamin was first introduced to Ray Charles in the late 1980s and had tried for years to get Mr. Charles' story made into a movie. During the course of those efforts, Benjamin and Ray Charles developed a friendship, resulting in Ray Charles agreeing to make the picture and with Mr. Charles fully participating in its development. Benjamin produced "Ray", which was released in Fall, 2004 by Universal Pictures. The picture garnered six (6) Academy Award Nominations including a Best Picture, which gave Benjamin his first Academy Awards Nomination. The film went on to receive 2 Academy Awards. Benjamin also produced the soundtrack album from the movie which has sold over 4 million units and which has garnered Benjamin a Grammy Award.
Benjamin was also one of the Executive Producers of the Ray Charles Tribute Concert which took take place on October 8, 2004 at the Staples Center and was a CBS Television special. That program received a number of awards, including the prestigious NAACP Image Award.
In the Fall of 2007 Benjamin successfully launched a live theatrical production based upon the life of Ray Charles. "Unchain My Heart...The Life and Music of Ray Charles " is scheduled to make its Broadway debut in the Spring of 2014.
In March 2009, Benjamin produced Louis & Keely Live at the Geffen Playhouse in Westwood, Los Angeles, California. This theatrical production, based on Las Vegas lounge act Louis Prima and Keely Smith went on to become the longest running show in the history of the Geffen. On January 11, 2010 Benjamin and his fellow producers on the show received an Ovation Award given out by the Los Angeles Stage Alliance for Best Production of a Musical – Large Theatre. The producers plan to relaunch the show in 2013.
As a music producer, Benjamin not only produced the soundtrack album for the film "Ray",
but also Executive Produced the Sam Moore comeback album, Overnight Sensational,
and is scheduled to produce the Broadway Cast Album for "Unchain My Heart...The Life and Music of Ray Charles".
In addition, Benjamin was the Managing Partner of Capstone Entertainment, which was in the business of producing specialized non-theatrical projects. Those projects include a reunion of the 1960s Vince Lombardi Green Bay Packers which aired on ESPN Classics in January 2002 and a series of Comedy Roasts with Shaquille O'Neal, shot at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas, which aired on OnDemand as Pay Per View Specials. Capstone promoted and produced a Ray Charles Holiday/Gospel Concert in December 2002 which Benjamin produced and directed. Benjamin also produced the album from that concert.
Benjamin produced an album for soul singer Tasha Taylor, who is the daughter of Johnnie Taylor a blues and soul musician from Dallas Texas.
Personal life.
Benjamin has two children. His son Matthew Adam Benjamin is an actor, playwright, and screenwriter with two produced plays. He was cast as Tom Dowd, a recording engineer and producer for Atlantic Records in the "Ray Charles Live" at the Pasadena Playhouse. His daughter Jennifer Benjamin Teeman is a successful writer and was a senior editor for Cosmopolitan Magazine.
External links.
Picture: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Stuart_benjamin.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="20684868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684868" title="Desmond FitzGerald, 28th Knight of Glin">
Desmond FitzGerald, 28th Knight of Glin

Desmond Wyndham Otho FitzGerald, 28th Knight of Glin (1901–1949) was an Irish nobleman (as hereditary knight, recognised by the Irish government) and socialite.
He was the only son of Desmond FitzJohn Lloyd FitzGerald, 27th Knight of Glin and Lady Rachel Charlotte Wyndham-Quin, daughter of Windham Wyndham-Quin, 4th Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl. He was educated at Winchester College and then Lancing College before moving to London in 1924. 
In 1929 he married Veronica Villiers, a cousin of Winston Churchill, with whom he had three children. His heir was Desmond FitzGerald, 29th Knight of Glin. He died from tuberculosis in 1949. 

</doc>
<doc id="20684869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684869" title="Hikosan Station">
Hikosan Station


</doc>
<doc id="20684883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684883" title="Saltfleet District High School">
Saltfleet District High School

Saltfleet District High School is located at 108 Highland Road West Stoney Creek, Ontario, and is a member of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board. Opened in 1996, Saltfleet is the most recent secondary school to be opened by the Board. The school had a 2009-2010 enrolment of 1250. The school's mission statement is "Educating students to become lifelong learners and contributing citizens in a challenging, changing, multi-cultural world." The school uses the Ontario Secondary School Literacy Test (OSSLT) to assess Grade 10 students' skills in reading and writing. Successful completion of the test is one of 32 requirements students need to attain in order to receive an Ontario Secondary School Diploma. Saltfleet also offers special education classes as well as an ESL program and is one of two schools in Canada with a fully operated observatory.
The original Saltfleet District High School was opened in 1927, and had numerous additions to increase the number of rooms from 6 to 42. The new school was built to offer a bigger building with more up to date facilities.
Program highlights and student support programs.
Saltfleet District High School takes part in the following programs:
Sports and clubs.
Saltfleet District High School has the following sports teams and clubs within the school:

</doc>
<doc id="20684900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684900" title="Dent May">
Dent May

Dent May is the name of an American musician based in Oxford, Mississippi.
Biography.
May attended Jackson Prep, NYU Film School and Ole Miss, where he studied English and Southern Studies and found inspiration in the music of Serge Gainsbourg and Lee Hazlewood. May was also a member of a Mississippi power pop group called The Rockwells.
He is signed to the Paw Tracks label which has released "The Good Feeling Music of Dent May & His Magnificent Ukulele" (2009), "Do Things" (2012) and "Warm Blanket" (2013). May was chosen by Animal Collective to perform at the All Tomorrow's Parties Festival 2011. May co-founded the self-described "North Mississippi Infotainment Cult" known as Cats Purring.

</doc>
<doc id="20684908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684908" title="1978–79 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1978–79 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1978–79 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 52nd season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing ninth.
During the season manager Jimmy Andrews, who had been in charge of the club for just over three years, left the club after a number of poor results and the disappointing hiring of Mickey Burns as a player-coach. Andrews was replaced by Richie Morgan, a former player who had spent his entire professional playing career at the club before retiring in 1977 to joins the backroom staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20684929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684929" title="Fritz Knipschildt">
Fritz Knipschildt

Fritz Knipschildt is a Danish chef and chocolatier.
Early life and education.
Born and raised in Odense, Denmark, Knipschildt began at the age of 13, working in a local restaurant as a dishwasher. He quickly advanced and before he had attended culinary school, Knipschildt was put in charge of the bistro kitchen of a new restaurant in the north of Copenhagen. After training at the Hotel and Restaurant School of Denmark, Knipschildt worked in the Mont Blanc area of France twice, and also in southern Spain. A few years later, he was able to move to the USA and worked as a private chef, after which he was sponsored by a French restaurant in New York.
Career.
In 1999, he began making chocolates out of his small one-bedroom apartment, selling them to local retailers. Soon afterward he began supplying his chocolates to larger retailers such as Dean & Deluca and Martha Stewart, forming his company Knipschildt Chocolatier, LLC. In 2005, Knipschildt opened Chocopologie Café, which offers chocolates as part of a menu of classic bistro fare.

</doc>
<doc id="20684931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684931" title="University of Pharmacy, Mandalay">
University of Pharmacy, Mandalay

The University of Pharmacy, Mandalay (, ), located in Mandalay, is one of two pharmacy schools in Myanmar. The university offers a Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharm.) degree which is a 4 year full-time.

</doc>
<doc id="20684932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684932" title="Family Airlines">
Family Airlines

Family Airlines was an American low-cost airline proposed in the 1990s.
The airline gained press attention after it said that it would offer $249 U.S. dollar fares from Los Angeles to New York City. The airline announced that it would cater to family travelers who found traditional airlines to be too expensive. In June 1992 Myron Barry Michaels, the chief executive, said that "For the most part, we're looking at the leisure market, although there will be some business traffic, particularly on the San Francisco-Los Angeles sector." The airline announced that it would use "between three and five Boeing 747-100/200s" and that the first routing would go from Las Vegas to Los Angeles to Newark, New Jersey to Miami to Las Vegas. The airline also announced that it was negotiating lease and purchase deals with European and Asian carriers involving parked 747-200s in desert areas and one involving a former Pan Am 747-100. In an August 1992 "Philadelphia Inquirer" article Donald D. Groff compared Family Airlines to Peoplexpress Airlines. Family Airlines, which moved into a building in the Las Vegas Valley adjacent to McCarran International Airport in September 1992, stated that it planned to start Las Vegas to Los Angeles and Las Vegas to Newark in November 1992 and later begin services to San Francisco, Phoenix, Honolulu, Miami, and Boston. The airline also announced that it would begin service to Honolulu from Los Angeles or San Francisco for $249.
In March 1993 the Federal Aviation Administration announced that it would no longer process Family Airlines's application to begin service. In April 1993, after the United States Department of Transportation reviewed lawsuits and judgments against founder Barry Michaels, the agency asked Michaels to relinquish control of the proposed airline. On April 27 Michaels agreed to relinquish control of the airline. On June 24, 1996, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a suit against Barry Michaels and his wife, Holly S. Michaels, for fraudulently offering unregistered stock for the airline. A federal judge in California ordered Barry and Holly Michaels to return $363,306 to the investors and pay $181,000 per person in civil penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="20684936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684936" title="George Washington's Gristmill">
George Washington's Gristmill

George Washington’s Gristmill was part of the original Mount Vernon plantation, constructed during the lifetime of the United States' first president. The original structure was destroyed about 1850. The Commonwealth of Virginia and the Mount Vernon Ladies’ Association have reconstructed the gristmill and the adjacent distillery. The reconstructed buildings are located at their original site three miles (5 km) west of Mount Vernon proper near Woodlawn Plantation in Alexandria, Virginia. Because the reconstructed buildings embody the distinctive characteristics of late eighteenth century methods of production and are of importance to the history of Virginia, the site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places despite the fact that the buildings are not original.
History.
George Washington inherited Mount Vernon in 1754. In 1771 he erected a large stone gristmill on the plantation to replace a mill his father had built in the 1730s. The new mill was located three miles (5 km) west of Mount Vernon on Dogue Run Creek. It was used to produce flour and cornmeal for the plantation as well as high-quality flour for export to the West Indies, England, and continental Europe. Washington also built a house for the miller and a cooperage to supply barrels for the mill, and later, the distillery operation. The mill was powered by a large water wheel. To ensure a steady power supply, water was diverted from Piney Branch into Dogue Run Creek above the mill's headrace. The additional waterflow significantly increased the mill’s production capacity. In 1791 Washington automated his mill using technology developed and patented by Oliver Evans of Delaware. Evans was personally acquainted with the mill and had repaired some of its works.
Once the gristmill was well established, Washington’s farm manager, James Anderson, suggested building a whiskey distillery adjacent to the mill. When it was completed in 1797, the distillery was the largest in America. By 1799 it had become one of Washington’s most successful enterprises, producing 11,000 gallons of whiskey per year. A variety of whiskeys were produced at the site along with brandy and vinegar. The most common whiskey recipe used 60% rye, 35% corn, and 5% malted barley. Smaller amounts of rye whiskey were distilled up to four times and were more expensive. Some whiskey was also flavored with cinnamon. When rye was scarce the distillery used wheat. Apple, peach and persimmon brandies were also produced. The whiskey was marketed in Alexandria, Virginia, or shipped directly from Mount Vernon’s dock on the Potomac River. The distillery process produced a significant waste stream, which was fed to 150 cattle and 30 hogs that were kept at the site.
After Washington's death in December 1799, the gristmill and distillery passed to his nephew, Lawrence Lewis. In 1808 he rented the site to Alexandria merchant James Douglass. The last known reference to the distillery business is an 1808 whiskey advertisement. The distillery building burned in 1814; this is documented by a small insurance payment made to Lewis that year. In 1848 Lewis’ grandson sold the gristmill property along with Woodlawn Plantation. That is the last record of the original buildings. Local oral history suggests that the mill was quite run-down by 1848, and it was razed around 1850.
Reconstruction.
In 1997 Virginia conveyed the property to The Mount Vernon Ladies' Association which owns and operates the Mount Vernon estate. From 1997 to 2002 the main structures underwent major renovation, including rebuilding the internal millworkings, renovation of the miller's house, restoration of the millraces, and construction of new brick pathways throughout the site. Because the property embodies the distinctive characteristics of late eighteenth-century production methods, the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. In 1999 archaeologists began to investigate the distillery site; after five years of study the distillery reconstruction began. It was completed and opened to the public in 2007. This $2.1 million project was funded by the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States and the Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America.
Historic site.
George Washington’s Gristmill is located on approximately three miles west of the Mount Vernon estate. It is situated on an eastward sloping lot, bounded by Dogue Run Creek to the south, pasture land belonging to the National Trust for Historic Preservation to the west, the park’s paved parking lot and a housing subdivision to the north, and a wooded lot to the east. The property is bisected by Virginia Route 235. All the site's historic elements (except one archeological site) are located on the east side of the highway. This includes the gristmill, distillery, miller’s house and several archeological sites. The west side of the property contains one archaeological site and three non-contributing structures.
Gristmill.
The internal millworkings and structural members installed during the 1933 reconstruction were taken from an 1818 gristmill located near Front Royal, Virginia. Some of the structural members from Front Royal mill are still in the building; however, most of the millworkings were replaced between 1997 and 2002. The interior has exposed masonry walls with heavy timber framing. The flooring throughout the building is random-width pine. A masonry fireplace is in the southwest corner of the first floor. The grinding platform is accessed from the second floor. The third level is one large room with rolling screens and other processing equipment. A staircase in the western half of the structure runs from the first floor to attic. The mill’s two grinding stones are powered by a pitch-back water wheel. The mill machinery is enclosed in a hurst frame, built from heavy oak and pine beams. Its frame is built directly on the mill’s foundation, and is not connected to the walls. This protects the structure from the machinery’s potentially damaging vibrations. The hurst frame occupies the eastern half of the first two levels.
Miller’s house.
The miller’s house was built at the same time as the gristmill; the reconstructed house was sited on its original site. The design for the building is based on archaeological evidence and a mid-nineteenth-century drawing. Its wood-frame structure rests on a stone foundation. It is clad with beaded weatherboard. In 1970 a -story addition doubled the size of the building. The interior of the original section is laid out in a hall-parlor configuration with two major rooms and a small bathroom. This area is used as a gift shop. The new section of the house includes a kitchen, pantry, and additional retail space for the gift ship.
Distillery.
The distillery was reconstructed in 2007. To ensure an authentic reconstruction the wood was finished by hand and the construction used hand-made nails and hardware. There were some compromises necessary to comply with modern building codes and safety requirements. For example, the original structure’s 30 by 75 foot (9 m by 23 m) footprint was extended by in order to house an elevator and modern staircase for public use.
The distillery has two floors with five large copper stills, mash tubs and a boiler that demonstrate the eighteenth-century distilling process. The building includes a storage cellar for whiskey barrels, an office, and two bedrooms where the site manager and his assistant would have lived. The building’s floors are made of three different materials. A stone floor is used in the mashing area to reduce vibrations that can disturb the fermentation process. Around the boilers and under the staircase is a brick floor, and an elevated wooden floor around the stills. Wooden planks are used for flooring in the rest of the building.
Access.
The gristmill, distillery, and gift shop are open to the public from April through October. They are located approximately three miles west of Mount Vernon’s main gate on Virginia Route 235. Tickets to tour the gristmill and distillery are available at Mount Vernon and the gristmill’s gift shop. The tickets can be combined admission to Mount Vernon or purchased separately. Public transportation is available between Mount Vernon and the gristmill.

</doc>
<doc id="20684938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684938" title="Measures of conditioned emotional response">
Measures of conditioned emotional response

In experimental psychology the term "conditioned emotional response" refers to a phenomenon that is seen in classical conditioning after a conditioned stimulus (CS) has been paired with an emotion-producing unconditioned stimulus (US) such as electric shock. The conditioned emotional response is usually measured through its effect in suppressing an ongoing response. For example, a rat first learns to press a lever through operant conditioning. Classical conditioning follows: in a series of trials the rat is exposed to a CS, often a light or a noise. Each CS is followed by the US, an electric shock. As an association between the CS and US develops, the rat slows or stops its lever pressing when the CS comes on. The slower the rat presses, the stronger its conditioned emotional response, or "fear." 
Researchers working on theories of conditioning often use the conditioned emotional response to measure the strength of the association between CS and US. They use the "suppression ratio" to quantify this strength.
The suppression ratio equals the number of responses made during a CS divided by the number of responses made during the CS plus the number of responses made during a period just before the CS that has the same duration as the CS:
formula_1.
Where SR = suppression Ratio, D = responding during CS and B = responding before CS.

</doc>
<doc id="20684946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684946" title="Jozef Jarabinský">
Jozef Jarabinský

Jozef Jarabinský (born 12 March 1944) is a former Czechoslovak football player and later a football manager of Slovak origin.
He played for Slovan Bratislava, Bohemians, Dukla Prague and Sparta Prague.
As a football manager he coached Vagónka Poprad, Tatran Prešov, Sparta Prague, Slavia Prague (1992–93), Baník Ostrava (2001–02, 2004–05), Real Betis, Gençlerbirliği S.K. (1990–1991), Ankaragücü, Antalyaspor, Samsunspor, Izmir, Aris Thessaloniki F.C. and Tianjin Teda F.C. (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20684963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684963" title="Robert Jocelyn, 3rd Earl of Roden">
Robert Jocelyn, 3rd Earl of Roden

Robert Jocelyn, 3rd Earl of Roden KP, PC PC (I) (27 October 1788 – 20 March 1870), styled Viscount Jocelyn between 1797 and 1820, was an Irish Tory politician and supporter of Protestant causes.
Background.
Jocelyn was the son of Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden, and Frances Theodosia, daughter of the Very Reverend Robert Bligh, Dean of Elphin.
Political career.
An ardent conservative, Jocelyn was Member of Parliament for County Louth from 1806 to 1807 and again from 1810 to 1820, when he succeeded his father in the earldom. In March 1812 he was sworn of the Privy Council and appointed Treasurer of the Household under Spencer Perceval, an office he retained when Lord Liverpool became Prime Minister in June 1812 after Perceval's assassination. In July 1812 he was made Vice-Chamberlain of the Household, a post he held until the Liverpool administration fell in 1827. 
In 1821 he was created Baron Clanbrassil, of Hyde Hall in the County of Hertford and Dundalk in the County of Louth, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, which entitled him to an automatic seat in the House of Lords. The same year, on 20 August 1821, he was also appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick. In 1858 he was sworn of the Irish Privy Council.
Supporter of Protestant causes.
Despite Lord Roden's political career, he is best remembered for his strong support for Protestant causes in the north of Ireland and elsewhere. He supported religious societies such as the Hibernian Bible Society, the Sunday School Society, the Evangelical Alliance and the Protestant Orphan Society, and also conducted service in the private chapel at Tullymore Park, Castlewellan, County Down, his chief residence in Ireland. He was an important leader in the Orange Order, eventually rising to the rank of Grand Master.
However, in 1849 a clash took part between Orangeman and Roman Catholics at Dolly's Brae, near Castlewellan, in which several people were killed after he had invited the Orangemen onto his estate and addressed them, urging them to "do their duty as loyal, Protestant men". A commission was set up to examine the event, and criticized Roden for his conduct. As a result of this he was removed from his position as a member of the Commission of the Peace.
Family.
Lord Roden was twice married. He married firstly the Hon. Maria Frances Catherine, daughter of Thomas Stapleton, 16th Baron le Despencer, on 9 January 1813. They had three sons and three daughters. His eldest son, Robert Jocelyn, Viscount Jocelyn, was also a politician, but predeceased his father. After Roden's first wife's death on 25 February 1861, he married secondly Clementina Janet, daughter of Thomas Andrews, of Greenknowes, and widow of Captain Robert Lushington Reilly, of Scarva, County Down, on 16 August 1862. They had no children. In later life Lord Roden spent time in Edinburgh, Scotland, in order to imrpove his health. He died there in March 1870, aged 81, and was succeeded in the earldom by his grandson, Robert, the son of Viscount Jocelyn. The Countess of Roden died on 9 July 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20684964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684964" title="JLS">
JLS

JLS (an initialism of Jack the Lad Swing) were a British boy band consisting of members JB Gill, Marvin Humes, Aston Merrygold and Oritsé Williams. They originally signed to Tracklacers production company New Track City and then went on to become runners-up of the fifth series of the ITV reality talent show "The X Factor" in 2008, coming second to Alexandra Burke.
Following their appearance on "The X Factor", JLS signed to Epic Records. Their first two singles "Beat Again" and "Everybody in Love" both went to number one on the UK Singles Chart. The band's self-titled debut album was released on 9 November 2009, and has since sold over 1 million copies in the UK. JLS won the awards for British Breakthrough and British Single ("Beat Again") at the 2010 BRIT Awards. They also won several awards at the Mobo awards for Best song for "Beat Again" in 2009 and also Best Newcomer in the same year. In 2010 they won the MOBO Awards for Best UK act and Best Album. They also went on to win their fifth MOBO Award in 2012 by winning Best Video for "Do You Feel What I Feel?". They won the title of the UK's hardest-working band for two constitutive years, in 2011 and 2012.
In 2010, JLS signed a record deal in the United States with Jive Records, and released "Everybody in Love" as their debut US single, but it failed to chart. "The Club Is Alive", the lead single from their second studio album, was released in the UK in July 2010, and earned the band their third number-one on the UK Singles Chart. Their single "Love You More", the official single for "Children in Need" in 2010, was the group's fourth UK number one. Their single "She Makes Me Wanna" featuring Dev was their fifth UK number one. As of 2012, their debut album and single has been named one of "The X Factor"s top ten biggest-selling debut singles and albums. JLS have sold more than 10 million records worldwide. As of 2013, they are the sixteenth richest reality TV stars in the UK, with an estimated fortune of £6 million per member, totalling £24 million.
On 24 April 2013, it was announced that the band were to split after their fifth album and tour. They released their last book as a band called "Forever and a Day, One Last Goodbye X" on 24 October 2013.
JLS' last ever performance was on 22 December 2013 on the last night of their "Goodbye - The Greatest Hits Tour".
Members.
Oritsé Williams.
Oritsé Jolomi Matthew Soloman Williams (born 27 November 1986) attended St Edwards School in West London, where he was known as Music Boy. He has two brothers and one sister. When he was 12, his mother was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. He had to care for his brothers and sister whilst attending schools and clubs. He attended the British International School in Lagos, Nigeria. Here he befriended English/Nigerian singer L Marshall (who also attended the school in Lagos) and won his first talent show performing alongside L in his final year. He also attended Larmenier Sacred Heart Catholic Primary School and Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School. Williams dreamed of being a solo artist from a very young age. He was recruited for many boy bands but believed that a good boy band had to have a good bond between the members. He decided to put together his own boy band, UFO, who later changed their name to JLS (there was another British rock band already called UFO). He also wrote the song "Wow Oh Wow" for Jedward. On 28 September 2013, Williams won the first series of the ITV dancing show "Stepping Out", hosted by Davina McCall.
Marvin Humes.
Marvin Richard James Humes (born 18 March 1985 in Greenwich, London, England) is the oldest member of the band. Humes was previously a member of another band called VS, created by Blue member Simon Webbe, but they split shortly after releasing an album. After meeting future fellow band member Aston Merrygold, Humes joined UFO. Humes appeared in "Holby City" on the BBC for three years from 2000 to 2003, playing Robbie Waring for 14 episodes. At the age of 14 he starred in a children's programme called "K-Club", which helped people with computers and how they work. Humes has been in a public relationship with Rochelle Wiseman since March 2010. They got engaged on 31 December 2011 and married on 27 July 2012 at Blenheim Palace. It was announced on Twitter on 22 November 2012 that they are expecting their first child and on 20 May 2013, Rochelle gave birth to their daughter Alaia-Mai.
JB Gill.
Jonathan Benjamin "JB" Gill (born 7 December 1986) is the son of Cynthia and Keith Gill, and has one brother called Neequaye. Gill spent the first five years of his life living in Antigua, discovering his musical talent at a very early age. After completing his exams at university, he decided to audition for "The X Factor" in 2007. It was at this point that he came into contact with the other members of JLS. Gill grew up, mostly, in Croydon and began making music at the age of seven when he played the recorder, piano, flute and guitar. At the age of nine, he joined the choir and went onto perform at the local church. Gill concentrated on his music and began studying at The Centre for Young Musicians (CYM). After leaving the CYM, Gill stayed involved with the school music scene. He was involved with the choir at school. He continued this until he was 15 but had to give it up due to the pressures from the school to concentrate on his rugby career; he was involved with London Irish rugby club until he was 18. Gill eventually decided that he wanted to sing rather than play rugby and took up vocal coaching during a year out before attending university. During this period, Gill was contacted by Oritse to try out for the band because of his musical ear and attention to harmonies. He studied theology at King's College London, staying in halls in Russell Square, before dropping out to pursue a music career.
In December 2012, he won the Christmas Special edition of the BBC program "Strictly Come Dancing", performing the Jive with Ola Jordan. JB Gill is now an owner of a farm in Scotland and he will take a pause from music and start a different life as a farmer.
In January 2014 it was revealed that JB will team up with DJ and music producer Charlie Hedges to release his debut solo single Best Night of My Life, making him the first member of JLS to release solo materiel.
Gill Started dating backing dance Chloe Tangney in late 2008, the couple announced their engagement on the 25th of January.
Aston Merrygold.
Aston Merrygold (born 13 February 1988 in Peterborough, England) was born to a Jamaican father and an Anglo-Irish mother. He is one of seven children; he has five brothers and one sister. He was born and raised in Peterborough, where he attended Jack Hunt School. In 2002, Merrygold entered "Stars in Their Eyes" where he appeared as Michael Jackson, singing "Rockin' Robin" and finished in second place. He came in second yet again with JLS on "The X Factor" at age 20. Aston performed in school productions and, after leaving school in 2004, was cast in a new ITV programme, "Fun Song Factory" alongside children's TV presenter Laura Hamilton. In the show, Merrygold played the character "Cookie". Whilst still attending secondary school, he played football on behalf of England in the European Youth Games. His initial aspiration was to play football professionally. However, after developing a nerve problem in his left foot, he tried singing and acting instead. Through acting, he met Humes. As a result, he received a call from Williams (an acquaintance of Humes) about joining a boy band.
Music career.
2006–08: Formation as UFO.
Oritsé Williams decided to get into the music business mainly because his mother has Multiple sclerosis and he wanted to raise money to help find a cure. He was originally scouted for a number of boy bands but did not feel they were right and believed that a group should have a "real" connection with each other, like his heroes Boyz II Men. Williams decided to form his own boy band and, through friends, met Marvin Humes who had experience in R&B and pop music, being a part of VS in 2004. Next to join was Aston Merrygold, who was once cast in the ITV children's programme "Fun Song Factory", because of his athletic ability. Last to join the group was JB Gill, for his "musical ear" and harmonies. They bonded, became friends and together they were called UFO (an initialism of Unique Famous Outrageous). They signed to Tracklacers developing a sound they then called "Jack the Lad Swing", combining the phrase "Jack the lad" and the urban music of New Jack Swing. While working their way into the music business, UFO instantly signed to Epic Records, before winning their first award in late 2007 at the Urban Music Awards for Best Unsigned Act thanks to their mash-up of "Stand by Me" by Ben E. King and "Beautiful Girls" by Sean Kingston. Shortly thereafter, they released their second single, "Slap Ya Elbow". The group give credit to 'DJ Triz' who produced one of UFO's first songs and helped them write it.
2008–09: "The X Factor" and new name.
In 2008, UFO auditioned for the fifth series of "The X Factor", but had to change their name because it was already being used by another group, so they decided to go with the name JLS (an initialism of Jack the Lad Swing, the style created with Tracklacers some months back). Following the elimination of girl groups Bad Lashes and Girlband in weeks one and two respectively, JLS were Louis Walsh's last remaining act in the competition, but throughout the live shows the judges called them the best band to come out of "The X Factor". In week 7, JLS were in the bottom two along with Rachel Hylton. However, they survived thanks to votes from Walsh, Cheryl Cole and Simon Cowell. Cowell stated when casting his deciding vote that JLS did not deserve to be in the bottom two. In week 8, JLS performed "...Baby One More Time" and received negative comments from two of the four judges, with Cowell saying "at the moment you're out", but after their second performance, "You Light Up My Life", Cowell commented that they were "back in the race" and that they could "have a hit record" with the performance.
In week 9, JLS performed "Umbrella" and "I'm Already There". Cowell then predicted they would win the competition. They made it to the final and performed their own version of the winner's song, "Hallelujah", which the other finalist Alexandra Burke also performed. The public voted for the second time that night and Burke won the competition, JLS coming second. They were the fourth band to make the final. Following their success on "The X Factor", Cowell's record company, Syco, announced that they were to sign JLS with an advance payment of £75,000. "The Sun" later reported on 20 January 2009 that Cowell had revoked this offer, having instead decided to focus on Alexandra Burke. JLS's manager thought the band would be well suited to Epic Records, with whom they signed a record contract in January 2009.
2009–10: "JLS".
As soon as the contract was signed, Epic A&Rs Nick Raphael and Jo Charrington began album preparation by contacting the pop songwriters and producers who they thought to be the best in the industry. These included Steve Mac, Wayne Hector, J.R. Rotem and DEEKAY. When they went to see Mac he played them "Beat Again", a song he had written with Hector, and the pair enthusiastically agreed that it was perfect for JLS. Charrington said: "Once you've got that special song everything else seems to fall into place." The song was released as the debut single in July, only six months after the band had signed with the label. It reached No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart on 19 July 2009. On 9 November 2009 JLS released their eponymously titled debut album, "JLS". The album debuted at No. 1 on the UK Album Chart, selling over 1 million copies and named the sixth best selling album in the UK during 2009, only being released for 8 weeks before the list was compiled. Their second single "Everybody in Love", released on 2 November 2009, also topped the UK Singles Chart. Their third single, "One Shot", peaked at number six despite a physical release, however it did stay in the charts for a number of weeks despite the drop. Due to the success of their album, the group went on their first headline tour, with twenty-five dates around the UK and Ireland. The group also became the first "The X Factor" contestants to win a BRIT Award in 2010, winning the British Breakthrough and Best British Single for "Beat Again". Jay-Z predicted that they would become as big as 'N Sync.
In the beginning of 2010, a bidding war was underway between (US-based) Epic Records and Jive Records to sign JLS to an American deal. The group settled with Jive Records, while continuing to remain with their native signing on Sony Music UK's Epic Records. As of August 2010, the album has sold over 1.2 million copies and has been certified 4x Platinum in the UK. The album was released as a six-track EP in the United States, featuring tracks "Beat Again", "Everybody in Love", "One Shot", "Only Tonight" and "Close to You" from the UK edition of the album, along with "The Club Is Alive" from the second UK album. It was released on 3 August 2010 and JLS also won two awards at the BT Digital Music Awards 2010 winning Best Group and Best Video for "Everybody in Love" .
2010–11: "Outta This World".
In an interview with HitQuarters recorded in March, producer-songwriter Steve Mac said he was currently at work writing for the second JLS album, Another album contributor, Lucas Secon, said that the style of songs he worked on for the album were "a little more acoustic", prefiguring what he sees as a pop music trend shift from synthetic sounds to a more live approach. Songwriter-producer Chris Braide confirmed in August that he had just written and produced two tracks for the album. Braide said that he composed "skeleton" versions of the songs by himself, and then two members of JLS then came into his London studio to help complete them. One song was written and recorded within the space of a day.
"The Club Is Alive" was announced as the lead single in April and released on 4 July 2010. The group promoted the single on Britain's Got Talent and GMTV. The single debuted at number one, becoming the group's third UK number one single. Then reports suggested that a second single, "Ay Mama", was to be released in United States on 14 September 2010 and was set to feature Barbadian singer-songwriter Shontelle. However the group told Digital Spy that although a song had been recorded with Shontelle, it was never confirmed for the album. On 16 September 2010 the group unveiled the second single, "Love You More" and was a BBC Children in Need single. It was their 4th UK number-one. The group wrote the song with Toby Gad and Wayne Hector.
"Outta This World" was released on 22 November 2010 and debuted at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart selling 152,000 copies, being held off the number 1 spot by the second week sales of Take That's record breaking "Progress" album. The album's third single "Eyes Wide Shut" was remixed to feature Tinie Tempah, and has so far reached number eight on the UK Singles Chart. Alongside promoting the single, the group confirmed to "The Sun" newspaper that they were already beginning the ground work for their third studio album. Merrygold also revealed that the group had teamed up with Bruno Mars for songs on the album, and had spoken about the possibility of working with Usher or Rihanna. JLS are also set to play a series of Summer shows with "X Factor" series 6 contestant Olly Murs. On 7 January 2011 the album was certified double platinum by BPI, representing sales of over 600,000 in the UK.
2011–12: "Jukebox" and "Evolution".
JLS began working on their third album, "Jukebox" in March 2011. In May 2011 it was confirmed that the first single will feature American singer-songwriter Dev, and is titled "She Makes Me Wanna". The song was produced by BeatGeek, Jimmy Joker, Teddy Sky, who are part of RedOne's production company, after the group bid £30,000 for a recording session with the producer at Alicia Keys' Black Charity Ball in 2010. It was serviced to radio stations on 25 May 2011, while it was released for digital download on 24 July 2011. The album was released on 14 November 2011, and the band will embark on another UK arena tour in support of the album in March and April 2012. On 15 September, JLS announced that "Take a Chance on Me" would be their second single from their album "Jukebox". It was released on 4 November 2011, and charted at number two on the UK Singles Chart. The song was written by Emile Ghantous, Frankie Bautista, Nasri Atweh, and Nick Turpin. The band's third single "Do You Feel What I Feel?" was released on 1 January 2012 and became their lowest charting single to date, peaking at number sixteen. The album charted at number 2 on the UK Album Charts, making it the second consecutive album to miss the number 1 spot, and entered the Irish Album Charts at number 5.
In 2012, JLS recorded the official Sport Relief charity single, "Proud". It was released on 18 March 2012. The song was co-written with Daniel Davidsen, Jason Gill, Cutfather and Ali Tennant, who also worked on the "Jukebox" album. The band were among the performers at the Diamond Jubilee concert held outside Buckingham Palace on 4 June 2012. On 7 June 2012, they performed at the Royal Albert Hall for the Rays of Sunshine concert, which grants wishes for seriously ill youngsters in the UK aged 3–18 years old. On 8 June 2012, they were announced to perform at the iTunes Festival 2012, along with "The X Factor" alumni Olly Murs, One Direction and Rebecca Ferguson.
On 21 August 2012, JLS began filming a music video for "Hottest Girl in the World", the lead single from their fourth album. On 25 August, the band announced that their upcoming fourth album would be called "Evolution". The album will be released on 5 November. On the direction of the album Merrygold said; "We didn't go by any kind of guidelines or anything like that, we just made what felt right and we're really excited about it." The band also confirmed that a Deluxe version of the LP will be available that will feature bonus and unreleased tracks. Producers on the album include chart-topping US studio bods Rodney Jerkins, Bangladesh, and Midi Mafia. On 6 September, they premiered the lead single, "Hottest Girl in the World", on BBC Radio 1. The single was released on 21 October and debuted at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart.
April–Dec 2013: "Goodbye – The Greatest Hits" and split.
On 14 December 2012, JLS were invited to "Friday Download" as special guests. On 17 December, Humes revealed that the group were to release a follow-up album to "Evolution" in 2013. On 1 February 2013, it was confirmed that work on their fifth studio album had begun.
On 23 April 2013, JLS released a statement on their official website announcing that they would be splitting up after releasing their greatest hits collection and completing their third and final arena tour. On 24 April 2013, the band confirmed plans to release "Goodbye – The Greatest Hits" in late 2013, which would be preceded by a new single to coincide with their farewell arena tour across the UK. It was confirmed on 26 September that their final single will be called "Billion Lights", which was released on 17 November 2013 and charted at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart.
JLS officially split up following the final gig of their Goodbye Tour at The O2 Arena in London on 22 December 2013.
Other ventures.
Television appearances.
As well as appearing on numerous TV programmes for promotion of their albums/singles, JLS have had two special TV shows of their own broadcast. The first was an hour long documentary for ITV2, titled "JLS Revealed", which first aired on 7 November 2009. The documentary followed them in the year after they had finished second in "The X Factor", capturing them as they toured with Lemar, released their singles and attended the MOBO Awards amongst other highlights. The second show was an hour long entertainment show for ITV titled "This Is JLS", which first aired on 11 December 2010 before the first show of that year's "X Factor" final. Filmed before a live studio audience, the band performed all of their hits, tracks from the "Outta This World" album and a special duet with Kylie Minogue on her hit song "All the Lovers", as well as partaking in surprise hidden camera stunts for lucky fans who had been invited to be in the audience for the show.
The group have also released their own documentary film titled "JLS: Eyes Wide Open 3D", making them the first British music act to release a 3D film. Filmed at The O2 Arena during the tour for their second album "Outta This World" in December 2010/January 2011, and incorporated with documentary footage shot by Ben Winston and Andy Morahan, it was shown exclusively for three days only from 3 June 2011 in over 300 UK cinemas. Due to many cinemas selling out tickets for the initial weekend, additional screenings were made in cinemas for the following weekend from 10 June 2011, thus, more tickets were available to buy online or on the day of screening. It opened at number 5 in the UK Box Office chart, raking in £463,914 from 3 June weekend screenings alone. A UK DVD release of the film is scheduled for 5 December 2011. JLS also created a one-off Christmas special TV programme called "A Very JLS Christmas", in which various celebrities appeared such as Alesha Dixon.
On 28 June 2013, JLS appeared on "The Million Pound Drop", playing for charity.
<br> JLS Also did their own one off show called This Is JLS
Products and endorsements.
They have also had two best-selling books published, with both featuring photography from the renowned fashion photographer Dean Freeman. The first, "Our Story So Far", was published through HarperCollins in September 2009, and went on to become a Sunday Times best-seller. The second, entitled "Just Between Us: Our Private Diary", was also published through HarperCollins in September 2010, and was again a best-seller in the run up to Christmas that year.
In addition to launching their own clothing line, and the usual merchandising of calendars, posters etc., JLS have also released branded condoms with Durex under the campaign line "Just Love Safe", as part of a charitable organisation they have established called the JLS Foundation, where they are working together with sexual health charities such as Brook to raise awareness of practising safe sex and family planning. The initiative was launched at a press conference in September 2010. Individually, the band have also become patrons for different charities, namely Beatbullying (Merrygold), Childline (Humes), Rays of Sunshine Children's Charity (Gill) and National MS Society (Williams). Williams was awarded by the Multiple Sclerosis Society of Great Britain with the "Inspiration Award" in April 2010 for his work for the charity.
In January 2011 it was announced that they and Alexandra Burke have worked together to create brand new fashion line, "2KX". Burke and JLS stated, "We are eagerly waiting for the first stocks of the ultra-hyped mens' and womenswear range, due very soon." To coincide with the launch of their 3rd album "Jukebox", they will feature in their very own edition of 'TheirMag', a newly formed sister publication to Rio Ferdinand's "#5" magazine.
In March 2012, they launched their first fragrance, "Kiss", which sold 100,000 bottles on the first day making it the fastest selling celebrity fragrance in 20 years beating superstars such as Madonna, Beyonce, Justin Bieber etc. . All four of the band members worked with perfume designer Azzi Glasser to form the scent. In February 2013, they launched their second fragrance, "Love", which scent ranges from hints of jasmine, white tea, pink orchid, and orange-blossom.
Philanthropy
In 2010 the group founded "The JLS Foundation" a foundation that sets out to raise money for 6 different charities: Cancer Research UK, Rays of Sunshine, Brook, Childline, Beat Bullying and the MS Society. Despite the split, the foundation still exists and all members are still commited to continue the foundation. 
JLS have appeared on every Children in need night since 2010. All sales from the JLS number one single Love You More (JLS song) went to Children In Need. In 2011 Merrygold did a VT for the charity in which he met 7 year old Emily who suffers from Osteogenesis imperfecta.In 2012 JLS performed at the "children in need rocks Manchester" concert performing Take a Chance on Me (JLS song). In 2013 Aston appeared on Children In Need for the last time as a member of JLS where the group sang a medley of JLS songs at the Eastenders set.
JLS have also helped raise money for comic relief, apearing in comedy sketches with both Miranda Hart and James Corden.
In 2012 all the band members visited Uganda for Sport Relief appearing in emotional VT's across the night. The same year JLS released the official sport relief Charity single proud (JLS song) which peaked at number 6 in the chart, as well as hosting a special charity concert "JLS sing for Sport Relief" and doing the Sport Relief Mile.
In total JLS have appeared in 5 charity singles: A cover of Hero (Mariah Carey song) as part of the X Factor 2008 finalists (for Help for Heroes), Wishing On A Star Xfactor finalists ft. JLS and One Direction (For organization Together for Short Lives) Love You More (JLS song) (for Children In Need), Proud (JLS song) (for Sport Relief) and Everybody hurts (for Helping Haiti). 4 out of 5 of these charity singles got to number one on the UK singles chart.
External links.
Twitters

</doc>
<doc id="20684965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684965" title="Leon Jackson discography">
Leon Jackson discography

This is a discography listing of releases by Scottish recording artist, Leon Jackson, winner of the "The X Factor (UK)" in 2007. His debut single, "When You Believe" was released in December 2007, and sold 490,000 copies in the United Kingdom alone, and was certified a Gold status by the BPI. His second single, "Don't Call This Love" was released a week prior to the release of his debut album, "Right Now" (2008) which was later certified Gold by the BPI in the UK for sales of over 130,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20684980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684980" title="Wild and Woolfy">
Wild and Woolfy

Wild and Woolfy is a 1945 animated cartoon short, one of six cartoons in which Droopy was paired with a wolf. It is one of a very few cartoons in the series where Bill Thompson did not voice Droopy in any part of the cartoon.
Plot.
In this western-themed cartoon, the Big Bad Wolf, now playing a cowboy criminal called "Joe" Wolf in this cartoon, kidnaps the cowgirl singer, Red (played by Red Hot from "Red Hot Riding Hood") from Rig-R-Mortis saloon, where their motto is "Come in and get stiff." Droopy and a posse of cowboys doggedly follow him all over the Great Plains (mainly Droopy), but the wolf is far ahead. However, like in the previous cartoons, Droopy shows up in the places the wolf doesn't expect, forcing him to call for the waiter to keep Droopy away from him.
Finally, in the wolf's hideout, thinking Red is underneath the sheath, unveils it and kisses Droopy, whom happened to be underneath and sitting on a stack of books. Desperate, the wolf asks him just who the heck he is and why Droopy kept following him throughout the cartoon. Droopy replies, "I'm the hero," and promptly knocks out the wolf. He calls for the waiter to take the wolf off to jail. After receiving a ‘My Hero' kiss from Red, Droopy goes crazy and kidnaps Red himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20684984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684984" title="Jakub Kawa">
Jakub Kawa

Jakub Kawa (born October 1, 1988 in Morąg) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Bałtyk Gdynia.
Kawa made his Ekstraklasa debut in December 2008 against ŁKS Łódź, substituting Ben Starosta.

</doc>
<doc id="20684996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20684996" title="CKPC">
CKPC

CKPC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20685013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685013" title="Bank of New England">
Bank of New England

The Bank of New England Corporation was a regional banking institution based in Boston, Massachusetts, which was seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in 1991 as a result of heavy losses in its loan portfolio and was placed into Chapter 7 liquidation. At the time, it was the 33rd largest bank in the United States, and its federal seizure bailout was the second largest on record. At its peak, it had been the 18th largest bank and had over 470 branch offices. The liquidation company was named Recoll Management Corporation and its bankruptcy estate has continued to exist to pay out claims against the company.
Formation and interstate growth.
The Bank of New England Corporation was formed as the first interstate regional bank in the United States in 1985 as a result of a merger between the Bank of New England Corporation and CBT Corporation. The CBT Corporation was better known as the Connecticut Bank and Trust Company and traced its roots to the Union Bank of New London (founded in 1792), as well as the Connecticut Trust and Safe Deposit Company, the Hartford Trust Company, and the Phoenix State Bank and Trust Company (founded in 1814). The Bank of New England Corporation traced its roots to the Merchants Bank (founded in 1831) and was for a time known as the New England Merchants National Bank and the New England National Bank of Boston. 
The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 prohibited interstate bank holding companies (although some existing companies were "grandfathered"). The 1966 Douglas Amendment to the Act permitted interstate bank holding companies as long as the individual states also permitted it. Connecticut and Massachusetts were among the first states to implement reciprocal legislation and in 1984 New England Merchants National Bank and CBT Corporation attempted to test this legislation by applying for permission to merge. Citicorp challenged the merger under the constitutional concept known as an "illegal compact between states". Despite a new federal law creating a New England regional interstate banking zone, the case continued and was appealed to the Supreme Court in , 472 U.S. 159 (1985), which found the interstate compact was not illegal. This paved the way for the merger of the entities in 1985 and several subsequent mergers of other banks. 
In 1987 the new Bank of New England Corporation acquired the Conifer Group of community banks and in 1988 was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NEB. However, the bank swung from a 74 million dollar profit in 1989 to a 1.2 billion dollar loss in 1990. This loss is attributed to poor investments in the real estate market and was part of the larger savings and loan crisis engulfing the banking industry at the time. These investments were the result of CEO Walter Connolly's aggressive growth and acquisition strategies throughout the mid-1980s and in 1989 he was forced to resign by the board of directors and replaced by Lawrence Fish. At the same time as his resignation, the federal government issued a cease and desist order to the bank to restrain its lending practices, which were considered a risk to its solvency.
Crisis and decline.
Despite efforts to restore the company's financial health, such as selling the credit card unit to Citigroup and laying off 5,600 employees, the bank continued to experience large losses. The Federal Reserve's Boston branch loaned the bank $478 million as temporary financing, however real estate related losses for the year of nearly 6 billion dollars overwhelmed the bank's solvency. Part of the problem involved large loans made between bank entities in the holding group that distorted financial results, as well as embezzlement by a vice-president of the bank, which was discovered at the height of the crisis in late 1990. In January 1991 the FDIC seized the bank and placed it into Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation. To avoid an expected bank run due to panic, the FDIC insured all accounts, even those above the $100,000 insurance limit, with the total cost of the bailout estimated at $2.3 billion. The FDIC indicated that a panic at the Bank of New England would have created a systemic risk to the entire financial markets. Even with the additional assurance, over a billion and a half dollars were withdrawn from the bank in the days leading up to the seizure, compounding the effect of withdrawals that had taken place over the prior year of turmoil at the bank. These withdrawals occurred in long Depression-era lines that were widely reported in the press. The Bank of New England Trust Company in West Palm Beach, Florida which was a subsidiary of the Bank of New England was not taken over and was instead sold off as part of the liquidation process.
Liquidation.
Subsequently three bridge banks were set up to oversee the assets of the Bank of New England, Connecticut Bank & Trust Company, and Maine National Bank. These bridge banks were transferred to Fleet/Norstar Financial Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and operated by Fleet, and later Bank of America, as the Recoll Management Corporation, collecting loans owed to the defunct banks. Major payments were made in 1998 for $140 million in claims and in the end secured creditors received 100% of their money while unsecured creditors received 34 cents on the dollar. However, , creditors were still disputing the allocation of the final 101 million dollars that the bankruptcy trustee had to distribute.
Southern New Hampshire Bank & Trust.
In 2007 the Southern New Hampshire Bank & Trust was renamed as the Bank of New England, however it shares no connection to the earlier institution. 

</doc>
<doc id="20685027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685027" title="2009 New York Liberty season">
2009 New York Liberty season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 13th season for the New York Liberty franchise of the Women's National Basketball Association. The Liberty attempted to advance to the WNBA Playoffs for the tenth time in thirteen seasons, but failed.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Liberty's 2008 record, they would pick 8th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Liberty waived their pick.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Liberty's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.
Season standings.
x =Clinched Playoff Spot<br>
e =Eliminated from playoff contention

</doc>
<doc id="20685029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685029" title="Miles Lawrence">
Miles Lawrence

John Miles Lawrence, born at Rothwell, West Yorkshire on 7 November 1940 and died at Toulston, Tadcaster, Yorkshire on 16 April 1989, played first-class cricket for Somerset in 18 matches between 1959 and 1961. 
The son of former Somerset all-rounder Johnny Lawrence and like him a right-handed middle-order batsman and a leg-spin bowler, Miles Lawrence made 33 in his debut innings as an 18-year-old for Somerset late in the 1959 season. In the next match, he did even better: he took 45 minutes to score his first run but then made 35 and shared a 118-run sixth-wicket partnership with his captain, Maurice Tremlett before finishing off a victory for Somerset with three of the last four Nottinghamshire wickets. Those bowling figures of three for 44 were to remain his best, however. 
In 1960, he played five games without bettering his personal batting or bowling bests. But in 1961, he was given an extended run in the Somerset side, playing in 10 of the first 12 first-class matches. He was used almost entirely as a batsman, bowling just seven overs and failing to take a wicket. In 18 innings, two of them not out, he made only 199 runs at an average of 12.43. This included his highest score of 41, made against Middlesex at Taunton. He left Somerset at the end of the season, and did not play first-class cricket again.
Miles Lawrence returned to Yorkshire where he was associated with his father's indoor cricket schools business and coached at Leeds Grammar School. In Yorkshire league cricket, he became a wicketkeeper. He died just four months after his father, aged 48.

</doc>
<doc id="20685036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685036" title="Jim Zeigler">
Jim Zeigler

Jim Zeigler is an elder care planning attorney, seminar leader, and author from Alabama. Zeigler was president of the Student Government Association at the University of Alabama, before being elected to the Alabama Public Service Commission. He has been a conservative advocate from 1974 to the present. On Feb 7, 2014 he qualified to run for the open seat for Alabama's State Auditor. 
Biography.
2014 race for Alabama State Auditor.
Zeigler announced a plan to "turn the Auditor's office into something it has never been - a tough monitor of wasteful government spending." 
The other candidates for Auditor are: Dale Peterson, retiree and former candidate for Agriculture Commissioner; Hobbie Sealy, a retired official of the conservation department; and Adam Thompson, a 28-year-old Montgomerian working for the Secretary of State. 
Oak Grove Community, Sylacauga, Alabama.
Zeigler is a native of Sylacauga, Alabama (1948) where his father, Bloise Zeigler, was mayor of the suburb of Oak Grove, Alabama for 20 years. The elder Zeigler remained active in community and Christian affairs until age 98 years and eleven months. He was a speaker for the OASIS program explaining how he lived by himself though legally blind from macular degeneration. He founded an unusual ministry for work release prisoners when he was age 92. The prisoners, soon to finish their sentences and be released, were brought to First Baptist Church of Sylacauga for Sunday School, worship service, and Sunday dinner. The program, which continues, proved a blessing for the prisoners, their families, and the servant-members of the church. Some of the prisoners made decisions for Christ, continued to be active, and joined the church after being released.
Jim Zeigler was led to Christ by his pastor, Dr. William K. Weaver, who became the founding President of Mobile College, now the University of Mobile.
The Oak Grove farm on which Jim Zeigler grew up became known to thousands in central Alabama as "The Zeigler Christmas Tree Farm." Each year, hundreds of families would come there and cut their own live Christmas trees. 
University of Alabama.
Zeigler graduated from the University of Alabama in 1972 with a Bachelor's Degree in Public Administration. He was President of the Mallet Assembly, a scholastic honors dormitory with a colorful history of political activism.
In May 1970, after Zeigler had been SGA President only two weeks, four students were shot and killed by National Guardsmen at Kent State University. Protests broke out at colleges across the nation, including at the University of Alabama. One older building already slated for demolition, Dressler Hall, burned on the UA campus. Dozens of students were arrested by Tuscaloosa police, some at protests but others simply walking to dormitories or on dates. Reports began that there was a danger of escalating violence on the Tuscaloosa campus. Security personnel wanted to make it through the end of the school year with no violence, hoping that the summer vacation would cause a cool-down. UA President Dr. David Mathews considered closing the school but did not want to do so due to: The heated runoff for governor between Gov. Albert Brewer and former Gov. George Wallace; the image of the University; and the legislative budget needs. Zeigler devised a plan to empty the campus quickly without having to close it -- make upcoming final exams optional. He presented the plan to President Mathews, who decided to do it. It worked. The campus mostly emptied out, and the protests did not resume in the fall semester. 
Zeigler served during his senior year as the student representative on the University's Athletic Committee, along with legendary Coach Paul "Bear" Bryant.
In 1971, on the night the Student Court had thrown out an attempt by Student Senators who were members of The Machine to impeach Zeigler as SGA President, his dormitory room in Mallet Hall burned. The cause of the fire was never determined.
On April 1, 2014, Zeigler will be in Tuscaloosa at historic Gorgas House on the program for the 100th anniversary of the UA Student Government Association. He was SGA President Number 55. 
Alabama Public Service Commission.
Called "the PSC", the Alabama Public Service Commission is a three-member body, all elected statewide, which regulates private energy utilities, including Alabama Power Company, Alabama Gas Company (Alagasco), and Mobile Gas Service Corporation.
In 1972, Zeigler and his friends Tommy Chapman, Steve "Red" Wadlington, and Dennis Nabors, went to work for Kenneth "Bozo" Hammond in his campaign against PSC President Eugene "Bull" Connor. Hammond won, and Zeigler and friends learned how to run a campaign for PSC.
In 1973, Zeigler filed a legal complaint before the PSC alleging that Alabama Power Company was earning excessive profits. He lost the case but generated state news coverage and highlighted the issue of rising electric bills. In 1974, he filed to run statewide against veteran PSC incumbent C.C. "Jack" Owen, a longtime PSC member who had voted in favor of the utility increase requests. Zeigler vowed to oppose them. In a four-way race, Owen led the first primary but lost to Zeigler in the run-off. In January 1975, Zeigler took office as the youngest statewide elected official. where he served 1975-79.
In 1975, Zeigler intervened before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to block the construction of two nuclear reactors planned for the Chilton-Elmore County line. He alleged that the Barton Nuclear Plant would have operated at the expense of Alabama consumers while generating electricity for other states. The application for approval of the reactors was then withdrawn.
After serving one term on the PSC, Zeigler did not run for re-election.
Mr. 49% makes political comeback.
From 1982 through 2002, Zeigler lost by narrow margins in races for state supreme court, state treasurer, civil appeals court, and state auditor. He thus earned the nickname, "Mr. 49%." In 2004 he made a come-back, defeating a challenge from Republican National Committeeman and former Chief Justice Perry Hooper Sr. for statewide delegate to the Republican National Convention. 
Activism against "wasteful government spending".
In 1983, Zeigler filed a successful legal action against what he termed "illegal extra paychecks" to over 400 political officials. A year-long court battle ended in a Zeigler victory at the Alabama Supreme Court and return of the money to state coffers.
In 1984, he challenged paying legislators full pay and expenses during a 13-day Christmas holiday break. He won a circuit court injunction blocking the "holiday pay" but was later reversed by the state supreme court.
In 1985, Zeigler and Montgomery businessman Malcolm Brassell formed The Taxpayers Defense Fund (later called Taxpayers Defense Force), a legal action group. It contested government spending decisions for 20 years.
In 1985, Zeigler filed suit to stop public officials from disguising state cars by purchasing private license plates called "cover tags." The suit was settled by executive order of the governor outlawing cover tags.
In 1985, Zeigler filed suit and successfully blocked political officials from entering the state retirement system.
In 1988 and 1999, Zeigler chaired the vote no campaign on statewide referendums to allow political officials to get into the State Retirement System. The proposed constitutional amendments were defeated both times.
Constitutional challenge to IRS regulation of conservative groups.
In 2002, Zeigler won a declaratory judgment that regulation of political groups by the Internal Revenue Service is unconstitutional. He represented eleven conservative groups in challenging the "527 Law" passed by Congress in the waning days of the Clinton administration. The government appealed to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, which reversed the decision. 
Ethics complaints against Don Siegelman, others.
Zeigler has brought ethics complaints against Alabama public officials, including two against then-governor Don Siegelman. The first, in 2001, alleged that Siegelman used his position to orchestrate a secret settlement of a long-dormant lawsuit by the University of South Alabama against tobacco companies. The settlement committed the state to pay $20 million to the university, and required the university to pay 14 percent of the money to the law firm that brought the case, and to which Siegelman had formerly been associated. Zeigler's complaint tracked a Mobile Register story reporting details of the settlement and subsequent payment of an estimated $800,000 from the law firm to Siegelman. The Siegelman administration accused Register reporter Eddie Curran of helping to edit the ethics complaint — a charge refuted by Curran and the paper. Siegelman's press office sought to play down the complaint by issuing a rather bizarre statement about Zeigler. It read: "These false claims are among a long list of deranged acts by a man who believes America is being surrendered to a new world order and who has stated that the public education system has been taken over by communists." The Alabama Ethics Commission, composed of political appointees, voted three to one to dismiss the tobacco complaint.
The second complaint alleged that Siegelman sold his Montgomery home for over twice the appraised value and then appointed the buyer to the state securities commission. Subsequent reports revealed that the buyer, a Birmingham accountant, merely served as a middleman, and that the real purchaser was a Birmingham lawyer. Before Zeigler's second case concluded, federal agents seized the files from the ethics commission. A federal grand jury later indicted Siegelman on multiple charges. Siegelman was found guilty and sentenced to seven years in federal prison. After serving nine months, he was released pending an appeal, but returned to prison in 2012.
In 2002, Zeigler filed ethics complaints against State Sen. Sundra Escott-Russell and State Rep. John Hilliard. He alleged that both hired family members at non-profit organizations and then used their positions to divert state funds to the non-profit groups. The ethics commission voted unanimously that there was probable cause that ethics violations had occurred and forwarded both cases to the state attorney general for prosecution.
Challenge to new Medicaid nursing home restrictions.
On February 8, 2006, President George W. Bush signed into law the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (DRA). Among other changes, the Act placed serious restrictions on senior citizens seeking to qualify for Medicaid to cover their nursing home costs. Five days later, Zeigler (who had been a Bush delegate at the 2000 and 2004 Republican National Conventions) filed a federal lawsuit seeking to void the law. He alleged that one version of the bill had passed the U.S. Senate and a different version passed the U.S. House, in violation of constitutional requirements.
National Conservative Activism.
In June 2012, Zeigler was recruited by Jenny Beth Martin's Tea Party Patriots to go to Wisconsin to assist in fighting the recall of Republican Gov. Scott Walker. Democrat and liberal groups had initiated a recall vote. Zeigler stayed a month, working in Eau Claire and Wausau, WI. Walker was behind when Zeigler got there but turned it around to win by a modest margin. After the success there, Tea Party Patriots asked Zeigler to go for a month to Washington State in October, 2012 in a long-shot attempt to switch control of the state senate to Republicans. On election night, Republicans fell two senate seats short of control and everyone assumed they had lost. But in January 2013 when the senate met to organize, two conservative Democrats switched, giving control to the GOP after all. 
Save the Mobile-Tensaw Delta.
A plan to surrender local control of the Mobile-Tensaw Delta to a national park or reserve was started in Washington Aug. 1, 2013 with no notice to the public or the media. Supporters quickly and quietly won a resolution of approval from the Mobile County Commission. Zeigler discovered the plot and began blogging on al.com explaining the takeover plot and the dangers of federal control of the Delta. Baldwin County conservative activist David Peterson and Facebooker Troy Garrett then formed the group "Save Our Delta", with Zeigler as attorney. Since the August 2013 start, they have enlisted 7,200 supporters. In January 2014, it was announced that the Delta would be legally removed from consideration of nationalization. However, this removal has not actually been done, so Zeigler and Save Our Delta continue to monitor the situation in case the nationalization plan continues or is revived. 

</doc>
<doc id="20685051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685051" title="Fiji Whistler">
Fiji Whistler

The Fiji Whistler ("Pachycephala graeffii") is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family, which is endemic to Fiji. It is variably considered a subspecies of a widespread "P. pectoralis", a subspecies of "P. vitiensis" or treated as a separate species, but strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited, and further study is warranted to resolve the complex taxonomic situation. To further confuse, when treated as a subspecies of "P. vitiensis" the common name Fiji Whistler is used for the "combined" species, but when the two are split that name is limited to "P. graeffii", while "P. vitiensis" is known as the White-throated Whistler. Unlike that species, males of the Fiji Whistler are yellow-throated. It has been speculated that these two groups are the result of separate waves of colonisations, with the yellow-throated being the result of an early colonisation, and the white-throated the result of a secondary colonisation. The yellow-throated are found on most northern and central islands (Vanua Levu, Viti Levu, Taveuni, Ovalau, Kioa, Rabi, Koro and Vatu Vara), while the white-throated are found on some southern islands (Kadavu, Gau and southern Lau Islands, and also the Santa Cruz Islands in the Solomons).

</doc>
<doc id="20685057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685057" title="Platysolenites">
Platysolenites

Platysolenites is an agglutinated foramanifera known from Ediacaran and lower Cambrian assemblages.

</doc>
<doc id="20685069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685069" title="Methylidynephosphane">
Methylidynephosphane

Methylidynephosphane (phosphaethyne) is a chemical compound which was the first phosphaalkyne compound discovered, containing the unusual C≡P carbon-phosphorus triple bond. It is thus the phosphorus analogue of hydrogen cyanide, with the nitrile nitrogen replaced by phosphorus. Methylidynephosphane can be synthesised by reaction of phosphine with carbon, but is extremely reactive and polymerises readily at temperatures above −120 °C. However several derivatives substituted on the carbon atom with bulky groups such as t-butyl or trimethylsilyl are much more stable and are useful reagents for the synthesis of various organophosphorus compounds, and the PCO− and PCS− anions are also known.

</doc>
<doc id="20685105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685105" title="Gradual Integration">
Gradual Integration

Gradual Integration is the name given to a model presented to the European Union in 2005, whereby Turkey, whose potential membership in the EU has met with reluctance on the part of the European countries, would instead be able to gradually reform its economic and social systems in order to promote increased compatibility with the other members. Since December 2004, Turkey is no longer considered a "third state", but a candidate for EU accession.

</doc>
<doc id="20685123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685123" title="Clearwater Periscope lens system">
Clearwater Periscope lens system

The Clearwater Periscope lens system was a type of television camera developed in 1985 by Clearwater Features for use on the children's television series "Tugs" and "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends". The cameras were used together with live action model animation, to produce the image of character movements at eye level. Only two of these camera systems were ever made.

</doc>
<doc id="20685130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685130" title="Garrett County Courthouse">
Garrett County Courthouse

The Garrett County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Oakland, Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It is a three story, 1907-1908 neo-classical Renaissance Revival masonry structure in the form of a Latin Cross with a central rotunda and dome. The Courthouse was designed by James Riely Gordon (1863–1937), a New York architect who specialized in designing government buildings.
The Garrett County Courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20685133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685133" title="Volkan Kahraman">
Volkan Kahraman

Volkan Kahraman (born 10 October 1979 in Vienna) is an Austrian retired footballer of Turkish descent managing 1. Simmeringer SC.

</doc>
<doc id="20685143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685143" title="Clint Zweifel">
Clint Zweifel

Clint Zweifel (born November 3, 1973), is an American politician from Missouri. He was elected as State Treasurer of Missouri on November 4, 2008 and was sworn into office on January 12, 2009, succeeding Republican Sarah Steelman. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Early life and career.
Clint Zweifel was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and grew up in the surrounding communities of St. Louis County, Missouri, attending grade school in Florissant, Missouri and Hazelwood West High School in Hazelwood, Missouri. The first member of his family to attend and graduate from college, he earned both a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and an MBA from the University of Missouri-St. Louis. Prior to running for public office, Zweifel was the research and education director for Teamsters Local 688 where one of his chief responsibilities was advising members nearing retirement on their personal finances. Eisenhower Fellowships selected Clint Zweifel as a USA Eisenhower Fellow in 2009. 
His wife, Janice, works with children with special needs in the public schools. They are parents to two adopted daughters, and live in Columbia, Missouri.
Political career.
Zweifel represented the 78th District in the Missouri House of Representatives. He first won election to the House of Representatives in 2002 by a 67-vote margin and earned the distinction of being the only Democrat in the state to defeat a Republican incumbent.
While in the House, Zweifel served three terms and led Democratic policy strategy and developed solutions to help Missouri families, developing proposals on early childhood education, helping seniors cope with property taxes and guarding citizen privacy. He was the ranking member on the Ways and Means Committee and the Special Committee on Tax Reform. He also served on the Special Committee on Retirement, the Joint Committee on Tax Policy, and the Special Committee on State Parks and Waterways.
He chaired the Missouri House Democratic Campaign Committee in 2006, leading all Missouri House candidate recruitment and fundraising efforts. The effort resulted in the largest Democratic net gain in the House since 1978.
In the 2008 election cycle, Zweifel won the Democratic primary for State Treasurer, topping a four-candidate field which included 2004 nominee and Arnold, Missouri Mayor Mark Powell, former state Department of Economic Development official Andria Danine Simckes and former Kansas City Mayor Charles Wheeler. He went on to defeat Republican State Senator Brad Lager in the general election. He is the youngest person elected to that office in over a century, celebrating his 35th birthday the day before he was elected.
Zweifel was re-elected in 2012, defeating Republican Cole McNary and Libertarian Sean O'Toole.

</doc>
<doc id="20685158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685158" title="Tom Peterson">
Tom Peterson

Tom Peterson (born 1930) is an American retailer, pitchman and television personality from Portland, Oregon. Peterson opened his first store in 1964, which grew to a regional consumer electronics, home appliance and furniture chain in the 1970s. His memorable television commercials and unusual promotions made him a widely recognized personality in the Portland area by the 1980s, leading to several cameo appearances in the films of Gus Van Sant.
In the early 1990s, having acquired and been unable to successfully integrate a competing chain of electronics stores, Peterson filed for bankruptcy protection before reemerging as a scaled-down furniture retailer that offered minimal electronics. He continued appearing in his own commercials into the early 2000s, and the store's final location closed in February 2009.
Early life.
Peterson was born outside St. Paul, Minnesota, where he grew up on a farm, the son of a federal government worker. He studied business at the University of Minnesota. Peterson met his future wife Gloria, also from the St. Paul area, at a Lutheran church camp at Green Lake in northern Minnesota at the age of 14. The two were married on September 20, 1952.
Tom Peterson's.
Founding and expansion.
Peterson spent ten years working at the Jolly Green Giant Co., rising to eastern regional manager in charge of 17 food processing plants in the United States and Canada. However, the western regional manager was the son of the company's president, so in 1963 Peterson obtained a franchise from Muntz television, sold his home for US$10,000, which he put into the business, and moved with Gloria to Portland on the advice of friends.
By the early 1980s, Peterson had become one of the largest home electronics dealerships in Portland, alongside Smith's Home Furnishings, Stereo Super Stores, Montgomery Ward and Sears. Peterson went on to open stores in Eugene, Gresham, Hillsboro, North Portland and as far away as Spokane, Washington but later closed these stores, citing an inability to offer the personal service by appearing on the floor alongside his sales staff. The Petersons' children also worked in the business, daughter Kathy as a personnel manager and son Keith as a partner in an affiliated electronics import-export business, operating out of Boston.
Bankruptcy and reorganization.
In September 1989, Peterson outbid two challengers to acquire Stereo Super Stores, whose parent company had filed for bankruptcy the month before, paying $940,000 plus another million for inventory. The acquisition included a car stereo specialty shop at Mall 205, Car Stereo East. Peterson continued to operate the franchise's locations at Jantzen Beach and Washington Square Too without a branding change until March 1991, when he renamed them Tom Peterson Super Stores, as he did his original home electronics store at 82nd and Foster. Peterson explained that the original stores were performing better than the newly acquired outlets, so he decided to combine them. His other two stores and car specialty store were unaffected.
Peterson closed his furniture store at 82nd and Foster, consolidating all operations in his two remaining stores, but kept his ads on the air. At Gloria's suggestion, immediate subsequent television spots referred to the bankruptcy, spelling out the troubles and asking customers to please buy today. A crisis manager took control of operations, leaving Peterson to work the sales floors until the stores closed in March 1992. Peterson said in 1995, "The big nationals make it very tough on the regional, like Smith's, and on the locals, like us." He also said: "In life, we are all carpenters of our own crosses. Don't blame someone else."
Tom Peterson & Gloria's Too!
As of 1995, Peterson and a staff of 18 were selling $5 million of household durables per year, having showed a profit in 23 of 25 years. As of 2002, Peterson was working "part time" 44 hours per week, half of what he once had put in, and booking $4 million in sales per year. In the mid-2000s, the Petersons sold their last remaining property at the corner of Southeast 82nd and Foster and moved the store to a side street a block away, just off 82nd Avenue. The final location closed on February 28, 2009.
Television advertising.
Peterson is widely known in Portland for writing and starring in his own low-budget commercials, for his trademark flattop haircut, catch phrases including "Free is a very good price" and referring to his store as "the happy place to buy." In the 1980s, Peterson was described by "Oregonian" columnist Margie Boulé as "arguably, the most recognizable man in Portland."
Peterson's most famous commercials were his "Wake up! Wake up!" spots, which began airing in the mid-1970s. Peterson borrowed the idea from another retailer in Corpus Christi, Texas. Said Peterson, "Somebody told me about it and I followed it up. Ours was much more successful than theirs. They didn't have the store owner or a strong personality doing theirs." Peterson kept his stores open from 11 a.m. to 3 a.m. to accommodate customers inspired by the ad to visit his store late at night. The commercial ran less frequently in the 1980s, and last aired in 1988.
In 1987, Peterson experimented with hiring an outside firm to produce a series of commercials, a first in 23 years on the air. The new commercials parodied daytime soap operas, featuring a housewife named Monica whose domestic problems are solved by merchandise from Peterson's stores.
Of his television spots, Peterson said in 1987: "It's probably the best-known commercial in town, but not the best-liked one." Peterson continued writing and starring in his own commercials into the early 2000s.
Special promotions.
Tom Peterson haircuts.
In July 1986, Peterson offered a free flattop haircut to anyone who attended the opening of his third store at 82nd and Foster. Peterson, who got his first flattop haircut in 1952, hired three barbers to give haircuts on the floor of his showrooms. They gave about 50 haircuts the first day, and Peterson decided to make the gimmick a weekly event. He continued offering the haircuts for two decades and as of 2002 was still giving away about ten haircuts per week.
Halloween masks.
Starting Halloween 1986, Peterson offered visitors free cardboard masks with his face on it. All 5,000 went in a single year. In 1987, Peterson said, "We thought about doing a better mask, with a more realistic Tom Peterson on it. But then we thought, what if somebody robs a bank wearing one, and the witnesses say, 'It was Tom Peterson!' So we're sticking with the black and white cardboard."
Wristwatches.
Peterson has cited as his most successful promotion the Tom Peterson watch, also featuring his face. Peterson said in 1988: "It particularly went well with college youth. They're a big thing on campus. I guess it's kind of a cult thing." Northwest native Kurt Cobain wore a Tom Peterson wristwatch, as did David Foraker, the attorney representing the creditors in Peterson's bankruptcy case.
Other promotions.
Other Peterson giveaways included hats, T-shirts, cups and coloring books. Peterson also turned a bus into a trolley that traveled a circuit around his parking lots on 82nd and Foster. To mark the tenth anniversary of Tom Peterson & Gloria's Too! and the couple's fiftieth wedding anniversary in September 2002, Peterson offered customers coffee mugs with photos of Tom and Gloria, fifty years ago and present day.
In popular culture.
Film roles.
Peterson has made three cameo appearances in the films of Gus Van Sant, and as of 1995 had appeared in more Van Sant films than any other actor. His first was "Drugstore Cowboy", in which a Peterson commercial plays on the television. Van Sant later cast Peterson in a non-speaking role as a police chief in "My Own Private Idaho" and used another Peterson commercial in "To Die For". Peterson also appeared in "Mr. Holland's Opus", which was filmed in Portland. Van Sant related to the "Los Angeles Times", "So many people responded that I decided to keep using him." Van Sant and Peterson have used the same video editor, Wade Evans, and Van Sant bought his Magic Chef refrigerator from Peterson.
Celebrity appearances.
Peterson served as the best man at a wedding planned by the "Morning Zoo" of radio station KKRZ (Z-100) FM in 1989. Professional wrestler Rowdy Roddy Piper officiated. Peterson, who had never met the 24-year-old groom, called him "a very nice young gentleman." He also played bongo drums on "Where's the Art?", a Public-access television cable TV show with Stephanie Pierce, proprietor of the 24 Hour Church of Elvis.
Tom Peterson art.
Peterson is the subject of several works by Portland artist Norman Forsberg. They include the 1989 painting "Sphinxface" and "Six Toms and a Bob", pairing Peterson's face with that of Bob the Weather Cat, then a fixture of KATU local news. Forsberg, on Peterson: "Most pop icons are entertainers or athletes. Whereas he's someone selling televisions. That says something."
Peterson's face was also appropriated by Portland stencil artists who spray-painted graffiti with the caption "Trust Tom", often modifying pre-existing "Trust Jesus" graffiti by adding Peterson's name and face.
Tom Peterson’s face icon and name appear on several stores in the comic book "Boris the Bear" #2, published by Portland company Dark Horse Comics and created by Portland artist James Dean Smith.
In music.
In 1987, Z-100 radio personality Dan Clark and musician Roger Sause wrote a song, "I Woke Up with a Tom Peterson Haircut", which featured a singing part for Peterson. The station sold 5,000 copies of the single, donating the proceeds to charity, and continued running the song into the 1990s.
Personal.
During his bankruptcy, Peterson started a second business as a motivational speaker, which he continued until 2001. Peterson and his wife live in a one-story Craftsman-style home in Happy Valley, Oregon. He suffers from Parkinson's disease and sometimes uses a walker. He is a fan of upland bird hunting, specifically the chukar.

</doc>
<doc id="20685169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685169" title="Distinct population segment">
Distinct population segment

A distinct population segment is the smallest division of a taxonomic species permitted to be protected under the U.S. Endangered Species Act. "Species", as defined in the Act for listing purposes, is a taxonomic species or subspecies of plant or animal, or in the case of vertebrate species, a distinct population segment (DPS).
Criteria for Designation.
The criteria for designation of a population or group of populations as a DPS was most recently articulated in a 1996 joint USFWS-NMFS policy (61 FR 4722: February 7, 1996):
Three elements are considered in a decision regarding the status of a possible DPS as endangered or threatened under the Act. These are applied similarly for addition to the lists of endangered and threatened wildlife and plants, reclassification, and removal from the lists:
1. "Discreteness" of the population segment in relation to the remainder of the species to which it belongs;
2. The "significance" of the population segment to the species to which it belongs; and
3. The population segment’s conservation "status" in relation to the Act’s standards for listing (i.e., is the population segment, when treated as if it were a species, endangered or threatened?).
Discreteness.
A population segment of a vertebrate species may be considered discrete if it satisfies either one of the following conditions:
1. It is markedly separated from other populations of the same taxon as a consequence of physical, physiological, ecological, or behavioral factors.
Quantitative measures of genetic or morphological discontinuity may provide evidence of this separation.
2. It is delimited by international governmental boundaries within which differences in control of exploitation, management of habitat, conservation
status, or regulatory mechanisms exist that are significant in light of section 4(a)(1)(D) of the Act.
Significance.
If a population segment is considered discrete under one or more of the above conditions, its biological and ecological significance
will then be considered in light of Congressional guidance (see Senate Report 151, 96th Congress, 1st Session) that the authority to list DPS’s be used ‘‘ ...sparingly’’ while encouraging the conservation of genetic diversity. In carrying out this examination, the Services and NMFS will consider available
scientific evidence of the discrete population segment’s importance to the taxon to which it belongs. This consideration may include, but is not
limited to, the following:
1. Persistence of the discrete population segment in an ecological setting unusual or unique for the taxon,
2. Evidence that loss of the discrete population segment would result in a significant gap in the range of a taxon,
3. Evidence that the discrete population segment represents the only surviving natural occurrence of a taxon that may be more abundant elsewhere as
an introduced population outside its historic range, or
4. Evidence that the discrete population segment differs markedly from other populations of the species in its genetic characteristics.
Because precise circumstances are likely to vary considerably from case to case, it is not possible to describe prospectively all the classes of
information that might bear on the biological and ecological importance of a discrete population segment.
Status.
If a population segment is discrete and significant (i.e., it is a distinct population segment) its evaluation for endangered or threatened status will be based on the Act’s definitions of those terms and a review of the factors enumerated in section 4(a)of the Act. It may be appropriate to assign different classifications to different DPS’s of the same vertebrate taxon.
Priorities.
The Fish and Wildlife Service’s Listing and Recovery Priority Guidelines (48 FR 43098; September 21, 1983) generally afford DPS’s the same consideration as subspecies, but when a subspecies and a DPS have the same numerical priority, the subspecies receives higher priority for listing. The Services will continue to generally accord subspecies higher priority than DPS’s.
Relationship to Evolutionarily Significant Units (ESU's).
In consideration of Pacific salmon for listing under the Act, NMFS has relied on the evolutionarily significant unit (ESU) concept and previous developed a policy on the definition of species under the Act (56 FR 58612– 58618; November 20, 1991). The policy applies only to species of salmonids native to the Pacific. Under this policy, a stock of Pacific salmon is considered a DPS if it represents an evolutionarily significant unit (ESU) of a biological species. A stock must satisfy two criteria to be considered an ESU: (1) It must be substantially reproductively isolated from other conspecific population units; and (2) It must represent an important component in the evolutionary legacy of the species. The 1996 joint policy considers the 1991 NMFS policy on Pacific salmon to be consistent with the joint policy, being a detailed extension of it. The joint policy further states that NMFS will continue to exercise the 1991 policy with respect to Pacific salmonids.
References.
Waples, R.S. 1991. Definition of 'species' under the Endangered Species Act: Application to Pacific salmon. U.S. Dept. Commerce, NOAA Tech Memo. NMFS, F/NWC-194.
United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and National Marine Fisheries Service. 1996. Policy regarding the recognition of distinct vertebrate population segments under the Endangered Species Act. Federal Register (7 February 1996)61(26):4722-4725.

</doc>
<doc id="20685182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685182" title="Ocooch Mountains">
Ocooch Mountains

Ocooch Mountains are an place name for the Western Upland area of Wisconsin also known as the Driftless Region, meaning un-glaciated, lacking glacial drift or the Paleozoic Plateau, referring to a geologic era, Greek for "ancient life". The lack of glaciated terrain accounts for high hills, bluffs, and ridges. The Chippewa, Black, La Crosse, Kickapoo, Baraboo, Lemonweir, Pine, Wisconsin, Grant, Platte and Pecatonia rivers and their tributaries create deeply eroded valleys that contrast the nearby peaks. One dramatic example is Wildcat Mountain State Park. The Baraboo Range anchors the east eastern edge where the Wisconsin River turns and runs through the area to the Mississippi River. The Baraboo Range is a monadnock in Sauk County and a National Natural Landmark formed 1.6 billion years ago featuring Devil's Lake, an endorheic lake.
Its first use appears to have been in Edwin James' three-volume work, "An Account of an Expedition from Pittsburgh to the Rocky Mountains, Performed in the Years 1819, 1820... under the Command of Maj. S.H. Long" (London, 1823). James wrote, "The only hills worthy of particular notice, not only in this variety, but in the whole section under consideration, are the Ocooch and Smokey mountains, which are broad and elevated ridges rather than mountains. The former is situated about twelve miles north of the Wisconson one hundred miles above its mouth..." He later says, "The third is a range of hilly and broken country, commencing on the Wisconson near the Portage, and extending northwardly to Lake Superior. To this range we have taken the liberty to give the name of the Wisconson Hills. The Ocooch and Smoke Mountains before mentioned, are connected with this range." James's description suggests that the term Ocooch was used only for the southernmost portion of the Wisconsin Western Uplands.
Three years later, Maj. Stephen Long led a second expedition, this time into the upper Mississippi Valley. It was described in William Keating's "Narrative of an Expedition to the Source of St. Peter's River" (London, 1825). In volume two, page 214, Keating wrote of western Wisconsin, "To this region the name of the Wisconson Hills has been given, which are terminated on the south by the Ocooch and Smoky Mountains, whose altitude is about twelve hundred feet above the common level, or two thousand feet above tide water. Its aspect is exceedingly diversified by hills and vallies, the former of which are high and rugged, supporting a heavy growth of pine, &c. while the latter often present extensive flats, abounding in lakes, swamps, and ponds, yielding wild rice in great abundance and perfection."
Keating's report on the 1823 Long expedition included a "Map of the country embracing the route of the expedition of 1823 commanded by Major S.H. Long". The name Ocooch is placed on this map approximately where the Baraboo Hills are located. Hachures extend the range to the north and northwest, but the implication is that the name Ocooch applied only to its southernmost end.
An 1833 map, "Northwest and Michigan Territories" issued by Baldwin and Craddock for the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge also depicted the western highlands of Wisconsin. Unlike James and Keating, it placed the label Ocooch Mountains further north, at the headwaters of the Black, La Crosse, Kickapoo and Pine rivers. It showed the range running roughly north-northeast through modern La Crosse, Jackson, Clark and Taylor counties.
The vowels and consonants of Ocooch and their order are correct for the Ioway language, a Siouan language. The Ho Chunk, a related Native American tribe, called them a name phonetically similar to Ocooch, waxoj, pronounced WAH-KOH-CH(e). The Ioway-Otoe-Missouria emerged from the Oneota cultural group in western Wisconsin. Evidence of their presence is found throughout the Wisconsin Western Uplands as far north as Lake Pepin, and Red Wing, Wisconsin, over to Effigy Mounds National Monument, the Upper Iowa River, and La Crosse, Wisconsin dated from AD 900 to 1700. Decimated by epidemics, the Ioway left the area after the Otoe-Missouria and as the Algonquin language speaking Sac and Fox and Kickapoo peoples came from Michigan fleeing the Iroquois as a result of the French and Indian Wars, or Beaver Wars. Ocooch Mountains written in current Ioway tribal orthography "Paxochi Ahema'shi," pronounced as PAH-ko-chee ah-hay-MAH-shee” means “Mountains of Snowy Lodges.” In addition, the phonetically similar Ho Chunk name for the Baraboo and Trempealeau rivers was Hoguc (Ho gooch), or Hocooch, "Spear Fishing Waters,"

</doc>
<doc id="20685187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685187" title="Owen W. Roberts">
Owen W. Roberts

Owen W. Roberts (born March 29, 1924) was a US diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Togo from June 28, 1984 to July 5, 1986.
Roberts was born in Ardmore, Oklahoma. He graduated from Princeton University in 1948 and Columbia University in 1955 with an M.A. and Ph.D. He can speak French and German, as well as English.
Roberts served in the United States Army from 1943 to 1946. In 1949 Roberts married Janet Roberts. In 1955 he entered the Foreign Service as consular officer in Cairo, Egypt, and was commercial officer in Leopoldville from 1958 to 1960. In the Department he was desk officer for Africa in the Bureau of Intelligence and Research (1961 to 1962), and in the Bureau of International Organization Affairs (1963 to 1964). He was political officer in Lagos from 1964 to 1965, and deputy chief of mission in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso from 1966 to 1968. He attended the Air War College from 1969 to 1970. In the Department he was staff director of the Board of Examiners for the Foreign Service from 1970 to 1971, Deputy Director for Cultural Affairs for Africa, from 1971 to 1972, a member of the policy planning staff in 1973, and Executive Director of the Office of Inspector General from 1974 to 1975. From 1976 to 1978, he was Deputy Director of the Sinai Field Mission, Sinai Desert. He was Director of the African Office at the Department of Defense from 1978 to 1979, and deputy chief of mission in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, from 1979 to 1982. In 1983 he served as African adviser to the United Nations General Assembly. From 1982 to 1984, he was roving Charge in Victoria in the Seychelles, Banjul, The Gambia, and then N'Djamena, Chad. In May 1984 Roberts was appointed Ambassador to the Republic of Togo, and held that post through September 1986. Owen retired in 1989.
Family.
Roberts married Janet Read Kiehel Roberts in 1949. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1926. She attended Vassar College and graduated in 1947 with a focus on creative writing and social anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="20685188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685188" title="Hoskyn Islands">
Hoskyn Islands

Hoskyn Islands is a pair of small coral cays. They are located near the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 107 km due east of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia, and 412 km north of the state capital Brisbane.
The island is the fourth island in the Great Barrier Reef chain of islands (with the first being Lady Elliot Island), and is part of the Capricorn and Bunker Group of islands, forming part of the Capricornia Cays National Park as well as part of the Capricornia Cays Important Bird Area. Most people only see the island by the more easily reached Lady Musgrave Island, which can be readily reached by fast catamaran from the town of 1770, Queensland, or from Gladstone, both of which are located approximately five hours' drive north of Brisbane.
The pair of Hoskyn cays are
Geomorphology and landscape.
The eastern cay is composed of shingle and supports vegetation similar to, although less well-developed than, that of Lady Musgrave Island.
The western cay is composed of sand and its vegetation is similar to that of the larger sand cays Capricorn Group.
Both cays have increased in size since 1936.
The Capricorn and Bunker Cays form part of a distinct geomorphic province at the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. The cays and their reefs lie on the western marginal shelf, and are separated from the mainland by the Curtis Channel. The cays are not generally visible from the mainland, although Masthead Island may be viewed from Mount Larcom on a clear day.
Geologically the cays are young, having developed during the Holocene period, they are mostly around 5000 years old. The sea level was much lower during the last Ice Age (at the end of the Pleistocene period) and the coastal plane on which today’s reefs and cays developed was completely exposed. Early in the Holocene (around 10,000 years ago) the sea level began to rise, until it stabilised at its present level around 6000 years ago. Once the sea level stabilised, it was possible for reef flats to expand and provide potential sites for the formation of cays.
Hoskyn Reefs is a Closed Ring Reef.
The cays occur on planar reefs of various sizes and with various levels of exposure to the prevailing winds. These factors have largely determined cay size and composition, which consists either of shingle, sand, or a mixture of both. Cay stability is profoundly affected by cyclonic disturbance.
The coral cays belong to two distinct types:
The sand cay is located to the lee of their reef flat, whereas the shingle cay is located on the windward side.
History.
Discovery.
In 1803 Captain Eber Bunker of the whaling ship "Albion" was the first European to discover the region and gave his name to the southern group.
The southern cays and reefs were first chartered between 1819 and 1821 by Lieutenant Phillip Parker King Royal Navy initially in the "Mermaid" and later in the "Bathurst". The main charting exercise for all the islands and reefs was carried out in 1843 under the command of Captain Francis Blackwood in "HMS Fly" which was accompanied by the "Bramble". The naturalist, Professor J. Beete Jukes, was on board the "Fly" and his published journal provides valuable information on some of the cays.
Mining of guano 1930s.
The mining of guano (bird droppings) had occurred earlier during the 1890s on Lady Musgrave Island, Fairfax and North West Island . This was an extension of a more substantial guano mining operation on Lady Elliot Island to the south.
Yet later during September 1933 the leases and guano rights of Fairfax and Hoskyn Islands, off Gladstone, were sold by auction at Gladstone. They were bought on behalf of the Barrier Reef Phosphate (Guano) Syndicate.
It is unsure if the project ever succeeded in the removal of guano from Hoskyn Islands, but as can be seen from the below newspaper article the company intended to remove a significant quantity of the accumulated droppings of innumerable birds for use as a fertiliser:
The Barrier Reef Phosphate (Guano) Syndicate interests on the north-east coast of Queensland have been taken over by Phosphates Pty, Ltd, a private company formed with a capital of £10,000 to work guano deposits and exploit other products The Bunker Group includes Lady Musgrave, Fairfax, and Hoskyn Islands, as they run m that order north of Lady Elliott Island The new company has secured leases of Fairfax and Hoskin, and the right to remove guano there from
From the report of the company's surveyor it appears that there are 20000 tons of guano available for immediate exploitation, and samples analysed by Mr John D. Spence, PCS, are said to show the component parts of nitrogen and phosphoric acid to make it of commercial value as a phosphate fertiliser which could be used as a base in the manufacture of complete compound fertilisers.
In addition to the guano commercial use of the coral obtainable from the islands may be mace by conversion into lime, a branch of industry now followed farther north, whence lime for the sugar industry is drawn in large quantities. The company proposes, with a formula which has been proved satisfactory, to prepare turtle soup, turtle extract and calipee and calapash for .he overseas market. Fish and other Great Barrier products will also be dealt in by the company.
Discovery of a missing launch – 1948.
A missing 35-foot launch was found badly battered at Hoskyn Island although the two men who had been aboard the launch were never found even after an exhaustive search of the surrounding islands by A Royal Australian Air Force Lincoln flying over the area in case the men managed to get ashore. little hope is held for the safety
Ecology.
Natural.
Green turtle rookeries are located at Wreck Island, West Hoskyn and West Fairfax Islands; these are maintained in a natural condition, free from human disturbance. The Capricorn Silvereye, a small bird endemic to the southern Great Barrier Reef, is found on the island. There are also Brown Booby breeding colonies at East and West Fairfax and East Hoskyn Islands. Vegetation in the Hoskyn Islands includes genus "Pisonia", "Ficus" and "Pandanus" members.

</doc>
<doc id="20685191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685191" title="110 Squadron (Israel)">
110 Squadron (Israel)

The 110 Squadron of the Israeli Air Force, also known as the Knights of The North Squadron, is an F-16C fighter squadron based at Ramat David Airbase.

</doc>
<doc id="20685195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685195" title="1979–80 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1979–80 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1979–80 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 53rd season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing fifteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20685199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685199" title="Distributed presence">
Distributed presence

Distributed Presence is a digital marketing term that means distributing a brand's presence through multiple communications channels to effectively reach target consumers. Brands have an arsenal of tactics today to reach and communicate with consumers, some of which include: video, audio, email, websites and microsites, paid media, search engine optimization and search engine marketing, blogging, social media, social influence programs, web content syndication and distribution, widgets, gadgets, word-of-mouth and viral marketing programs, mobile media, mobile text marketing, mobile applications, convergent media, etc. 
The term was originally used by Sherry Turkle in her 1995 book, Life on the Screen: Identity in the Age of the Internet. As it relates to digital marketing, the term itself was first used by Keith Rhodes, a digital marketing industry veteran, in his blog Distributed Presence [http://wwww.keithrhodes.com]. The term Distributed Presence is now a widely searched and generally accepted digital marketing industry term.

</doc>
<doc id="20685207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685207" title="Science Under Siege">
Science Under Siege

"Science Under Siege: The Politicians' War on Nature and Truth" is a 1998 book by journalist Todd Wilkinson. Wilkinson describes the careers of a variety of publicly employed scientists who, in the course of their work for government agencies, found habitat degradation, threatened species, or other decline in availability of a natural resource. When they expressed their views that certain activities must be scaled back or areas protected, they met with poor job performance ratings, hostility from their supervisors, transfers out of the region, and in many cases a severely damaged career. Science is "under siege" in these cases because many of the researchers were told to modify their scientific reports so that commercial uses or environmentally destructive activities could continue.

</doc>
<doc id="20685212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685212" title="Akobo">
Akobo

Akobo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20685222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685222" title="Edmund Boyle, 8th Earl of Cork">
Edmund Boyle, 8th Earl of Cork

General Edmund Boyle, 8th Earl of Cork and Orrery KP (21 October 1767 – 29 June 1856), styled Viscount Dungarvan from 1768 to 1798, was an Irish soldier and peer. He became Earl of Cork and Orrery in 1798 on the death of his father Edmund Boyle, 7th Earl of Cork and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 22 July 1835. His mother was Anne daughter of Kelland Courtenay (c1707-1748), MP for Truro and then Huntingdon, by Elizabeth, sister to John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich.
He married (1795) his first cousin Isabella-Henrietta, daughter of William Poyntz of Midgham (1734-1809) by Isabella (d.1805), daughter and eventual co-heiress of "Kelland Courtney" of Painsford, in Ashprington, Devon (Kelland's father, William Courtney (1678-1716), MP for Mitchell, had married Susannah one of the three co-heiresses of John Kelland (d.1712), before that Painsford was with the Somaster family), and Trethurfe, Cornwall, distant scion of John Courtenay (of Tremere) (Tremeer)).
Meanwhile, Lord Cork's younger brother, Vice-Admiral Sir Courtenay Boyle (1770-1844), KCH, married (1799) his sister-in-law "and" first cousin, Carolina-Amelia Poyntz (d.1851).
Isabella-Henrietta and Carolina-Amelia's brother, and thus Lord Cork's brother-in-law, was the MP William Stephen Poyntz.

</doc>
<doc id="20685223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685223" title="Vertigo milium">
Vertigo milium

Vertigo milium, common name the blade vertigo, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Shell description.
The shell is small, subcylindrical, smooth shining. Growth lines are very fine, a little oblique. Apex is smooth. The color of the shell is dark chest-nut. The shell has 5 rounded whorls, that are somewhat regularly increasing and decreasing to a bluntly rounded apex. Sutures are impressed.
The aperture is obscurely semicircular, lateral and truncated above. The "circumference" of the aperture is "made up of two curves of different radius uniting in the peristome, where the junction causes an angle projecting inwards, the smaller curve comprising about one-fourth part and forming the superior portion of the peristome. The aperture has six teeth as follows: two sharp, projecting teeth of about equal size placed on the parietal wall and dividing that region into three nearly equal parts; one on the columella, large, massive, broad; a third placed on the outer lip above or at the junction of the two radii, long, curved, ridge-like, pointing directly between the two parietal teeth; a fourth on the base of the lip, small, conical, tubercular; and one large, entering, elevated, long lamina, which begins on the base of the lip and curves backward until it disappears behind the columella tooth (this is the "gular lamina" of Sterki). Peristome is white or brownish-white, reflected, the terminations separated, but joined by a prominent callus. The umbilicus is well marked, open, deep. Base of the shell is rounded.
The width of the shell is 0.80-0.90 mm. The height of the shell is 0.90-1.40 mm. The height of aperture is 0.25-0.30 mm.
Anatomy.
The animal is similar in form to the other species of "Vertigo". The color is dirty white, darker on the upper surface. The foot is very broad, 
posterior of the center, from whence it tapers rapidly to a point. The foot is thick and fleshy and well able to support the light shell. Eye-peduncles are of medium length, somewhat enlarged at the tips, where the eyes are placed.
The jaw is very slightly arcuate, the ends a trifle rounded. Concave margin is notched and anterior surface lightly striated. The jaw is of equal width throughout its length.
The formula of the radula is like this: 2 7 7 + + + + 2 7 7
Teeth are as in the other members of the genus. There are four perfect lateral teeth and the first marginal tooth is similar but with a second outer 
cusp. From this point the marginals become wider, the inner cusp remains always the larger, and the outer cusp develops from five to seven small cusps or denticles.
Distribution.
Distribution of "Vertigo milium" include Illinois, Maine to Minnesota, Ontario and Quebec, Canada, to Florida and Texas, USA.
Habitat.
Baker (1902) described habitat like this: "Gregarious. Found plentifully under leaves, stones and sticks, in moist situations."
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20685230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685230" title="Reuven Rubinstein">
Reuven Rubinstein

Reuven Rubinstein (1938-2012)() is an Israeli scientist known for his contributions to Monte Carlo simulation, applied probability, stochastic modeling and stochastic optimization, having authored more than one hundred papers and six books. 
During his career, Rubinstein has made fundamental and important contributions in these fields and has advanced the theory and application of adaptive importance sampling, rare event simulation, stochastic optimization, sensitivity analysis of simulation-based models, the split-
ting method, and counting problems concerning NP-complete problems. 
He is well known as the founder of several breakthrough methods, such as
the score function method, stochastic counterpart method and cross-entropy method, which have numerous applications in combinatorial optimization and simulation.
His citation index is in the top 5% among his colleagues in operations research and management sciences. His book "Simulation and the Monte Carlo Method", Wiley, 1981, alone has over 2,500 citations.
He has held visiting positions in various research institutes, including Columbia University, Harvard University, Stanford University, IBM and Bell Laboratories. He has given invited and plenary lectures in many international conferences around the globe.
In 2010 Prof. Rubinstein won the INFORMS Simulation Society highest prize
- the Lifetime Professional Achievement Award (LPAA), which recognizes scholars who have made fundamental contributions to the field of simulation that persist over most of a professional career.
In 2011 Reuven Rubinstein won the Operations Research Society of Israel (ORSIS) highest prize
- the Lifetime Professional Award (LPA), which recognizes scholars who have made fundamental contributions to the field of operations research over most of a professional career.

</doc>
<doc id="20685252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685252" title="Hoye Site">
Hoye Site

Hoye Site or Hoye Prehistoric Indian Village site, is an archaeological site near Oakland in Garrett County, Maryland. It is located on the east bank of Youghiogheny River and occupied from about 1000-1500. It is the southernmost late prehistoric village known in the Youghiogheny drainage area and is the only known Late Woodland occupation in Garrett County.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20685299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685299" title="Lauri Kennedy">
Lauri Kennedy

Lauri Kennedy (5 July 189626 April 1985) was a notable Australian cellist.
Early life.
Irvine Robert Laurie Kennedy (he used Laurie, later dropping the final 'e') was born in Randwick, a suburb of Sydney, to an English-born father and native-born mother. He studied with Herbert Walenn at the Royal College of Music, London, and Paul Brummer in Vienna. Dame Nellie Melba noticed him and encouraged him to undertake further studies in the United States. 
Music career.
He made his mark in the US in the 1920s, where he became principal cellist with the New York Philharmonic at the personal invitation of Arturo Toscanini. He played chamber music with performers such as Arthur Rubinstein and Jascha Heifetz. In the United Kingdom he played in a noted piano quartet called the Chamber Music Players with Albert Sammons, Lionel Tertis and William Murdoch. He also appeared with the tenor John McCormack for a number of years, and appears on record accompanying McCormack. 
He became principal cellist with Sir Adrian Boult's BBC Symphony Orchestra at its inception in 1929 and played with them until 1935. It has been stated that his cello can be heard in the slow movement of Boult’s 1935 recording of the Brahms 2nd Piano Concerto with Artur Schnabel. and William Primrose, including Kreisler’s "String Quartet in A minor" in 1935 with members of the London String Quartet. He recorded Edgar Bainton’s Cello Sonata. After Felix Salmond and Guilhermina Suggia turned it down, Lauri Kennedy was engaged to premiere Frank Bridge’s "Oration" for cello and orchestra, but withdrew during rehearsals. He also became a professor at the Royal College of Music. 
His wife Dorothy Kennedy (née McBride) was a pianist who also accompanied John McCormack and taught the children of Enrico Caruso. Lauri and Dorothy appeared together in some recordings,
They made a highly successful tour of Australia in 1938. They then went to the United States again, where Lauri joined Toscanini's NBC Symphony Orchestra. He relocated to Hollywood and his playing is heard on a number of films, including Walt Disney's "Fantasia". 
In 1944 they returned to Australia permanently. They bought hotels in Taree and Sydney, and Lauri taught at music camps. Australian singers he accompanied included Stella Power. Lauri later taught cello at the Canberra School of Music in 1966, resigning after only one year due to poor health. His private students include John Painter, himself a future Director of the Canberra School of Music.
Dorothy Kennedy died in 1972. Lauri Kennedy died on 26 September 1985, in Sacramento, California, where he was living with their eldest son David. 
Their son John Kennedy was also a noted cellist and was the natural father of the violinist Nigel Kennedy.
Lauri Kennedy's cousin was the violinist Daisy Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20685304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685304" title="Enolase deficiency">
Enolase deficiency

Enolase Deficiency is a rare genetic disorder of glucose metabolism. Partial deficiencies have been observed in several caucasian families. The deficiency is transmitted through an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern. The gene for Enolase 1 has been localized to Chromosome 1 in humans. Enolase deficiency, like other glycolytic enzyme deficiences, usually manifests in red blood cells as they rely entirely on anaerobic glycolysis. Enolase deficiency is associated with a spherocytic phenotype and can result in hemolytic anemia, which is responsible for the clinical signs of Enolase deficiency.
Causes.
Genetics is found to be the cause of enolase deficiency. The individual in the first known case of this deficiency was heterozygous for the gene for β-enolase, and carried two missense mutations, one inherited from each parent. His muscle cells synthesized two forms of β-enolase, each carrying a different mutation. These mutations changed glycine at position 374 to glutamate (G374E) and glycine at position 156 to aspartate (G156D). 
Symptoms.
Symptoms of enolase deficiency include exercise-induced myalgia and generalized muscle weakness and fatigability, both with onset in adulthood. Symptoms also include muscle pain without cramps, and decreased ability to sustain long ten exercise. 
Pathophysiology.
The enolase enzyme catalyzes the conversion of 2-phosphoglycerate to phosphoenolpyruvate; this is the ninth step in glycolysis. Enolase is a dimeric protein formed from three subunits, α, β, and γ, encoded by different genes. The αα homodimer assumes all enolase activity in the early stages of embryo development and in some adult tissues. In tissues that need large amounts of energy, the αγ and γγ in the brain,and αβ and ββ in striated muscles these forms of enolase are present. At all stages of development, β-enolase expression is only found in striated muscles. In adult humans, the ββ homodimer accounts for more than 90% of total enolase activity in muscle.
A 2001 study showed two mutations of the ENO3 gene, the gene encoding β-enolase, to be responsible for the deficiency, both mutations changed highly conserved amino acid residues. One of the changes was of a glycine residue at position 374 to aspartate, this amino acid change was located in close proximity to the His residue of human enolase, which is an important part of the β-enolase catalytic site, while the glycine at position 156 changed to glutamate, which may have brought about change the secondary structure of the enzyme. These mutations may impair activity by significantly reducing the steady- state level of the protein, rather than produce a non- functional mutant protein. Mutations of the of β-enolase dimer complexes might result in incorrect folding and increased susceptibility to protein degradation thus causing the deficiency. 
Similar mutations on yeast showed destabilization of the protein and decreased substrate affinity. Destabilization of the protein results in partial dissociation, some researchers propose that in muscle cells this dissociation may be perceived as an abnormality leading to degradation of the mutated enolase.

</doc>
<doc id="20685319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685319" title="Meyer Site">
Meyer Site

The Meyer Site is an archaeological site near Westernport in Garrett County, Maryland, United States. It is located along Chestnut Grove Road on the riverside edge of an alluvial bottom on the west side of the North Branch of the Potomac River. It is the site of a Monongahela culture village, which is the uppermost Late Prehistoric village known on the North Branch.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20685331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685331" title="Touchatag">
Touchatag

Touchatag (previously TikiTag) is an RFID service for consumers, application developers and operators/enterprises created by Alcatel-Lucent. Consumers can use RFID tags to trigger what touchatag calls "Applications", which can include opening a webpage, sending a text message, shutting down the computer, or running a custom application created through the software's API, via the application developer network. Touchatag applications are also compatible with NFC enabled phones like the Nokia 6212. TikiTag was launched as an Open Beta on October 1, 2008. And it was rebranded to touchatag on February 15, 2009. Touchatag also sells RFID hardware, like a starter package with 1 USB RFID reader and 10 RFID tags (stickers), for which the client software is currently compatible with Windows XP and Vista, along with Mac OS X 10.4 and up. Touchatag is currently carried by Amazon.com, ThinkGeek, Firebox.com and getDigital.de along with Touchatag's own Online Store. Touchatag also markets their products' underlying technology for enterprise and operator solutions. Touchatag announced an agreement with Belgacom PingPing on jointly developing the contactless market and announced a commercial pilot with Accor Services. On June 27, 2012 the Touchatag team has announced the shutdown of the project.
Service.
Touchatag's core offering is the touchatag service, based on the "application correlation service" and allows tag, reader and application management. For consumers, the web interface allows to link RFID tags (and 2D barcode tags, more precisely QR Code) to applications. Application developers can use the correlation API to use the ACS functionalities to create contactless applications. For businesses, this ACS is extended with an RFID/NFC tag and reader catalogue, and applications like loyalty, interactive advertising and couponing.
Hardware.
The reader provided is an ACR122U Tag Reader, from Advanced Card Systems. The tags shipped with the reader are MiFare Ultralight tags.
Software support.
Official clients.
Touchatag hardware is supported by its makers on Microsoft Windows and MacOS X platforms, and requires registration on the website to work. An unsupported application is also available for Linux platforms. Like the MacOS X application, the Linux application uses PCSC-Lite for hardware access.

</doc>
<doc id="20685334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685334" title="Warleggan">
Warleggan

Warleggan () is a civil parish on the southern edge of Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The parish is roughly oblong in shape with hamlets near the church and at Mount. The River Warleggan, a tributary of the River Fowey, runs through the parish, forming its western boundary in places. The population in was 203 in the 2001 census.
Parish church.
The parish church (dedicated to St Bartholomew) is partly Norman and partly 15th century in date. It formerly had a spire but this fell down in 1818 and was not rebuilt. From 1931 until his death the Rev F. W. Densham was Rector of Warleggan: he was unworldly and eccentric. There is also a Methodist chapel in the parish.
Cabilla Manor Wood.
Cabilla Manor Wood, in the west of the civil parish, is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) noted for its biological interest. The SSSI surrounds the River Warleggan, extending into Cardinham civil parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20685336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685336" title="Rick Eckstein">
Rick Eckstein

Rick H. Eckstein (born March 4, 1973) is an advanced scout and assistant hitting coach for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He is the former hitting coach for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball. Eckstein took over as the hitting coach in September 2008, after serving as the Columbus Clippers hitting coach. He also was the hitting coach on the United States national baseball team in the 2008 Olympics. Eckstein is an alumnus of the University of Florida. He is the older brother of former major leaguer David Eckstein. On July 22, 2013 he was relieved of his post.
On November 5, 2013, Eckstein was named to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim coaching staff, he will wear number 77. His brother David played for the Angels from 2001-2004.
On December 8, 2010, Eckstein donated his right kidney to his brother, Ken, who is currently suffering from a renal disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20685366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685366" title="John Kennedy (cellist)">
John Kennedy (cellist)

John Kennedy (30 December 19229 February 1980) was a noted British cellist who had significant associations with Australia, where he worked in the latter part of his life and where he died. He was the natural father of the violinist Nigel Kennedy.
John Kennedy was born in London. His parents were Australians, the cellist Lauri Kennedy and the pianist Dorothy Kennedy. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music (RAM). At age 24 he became first cello with the Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, making him the youngest principal in Great Britain. He joined the Sydney Symphony Orchestra in 1949, as principal, where he performed as soloist in such works as the Elgar Cello Concerto under Otto Klemperer.
He taught at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music for two years and appeared in concerts for Musica Viva Australia. In 1952 he toured New Zealand as part of the Llewellyn-Kennedy Piano Trio with the violinist Ernest Llewellyn and the pianist Scylla Stoner - who was billed as "Scylla Kennedy", John's first wife.
He returned to the UK, where he was principal cello at Covent Garden. He later became the principal cellist with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra under Sir Thomas Beecham. He was the first person to perform a cello concerto at the Edinburgh Festival.
He returned to Australia as senior cello lecturer at the University of Melbourne Conservatorium. When he left the UK, he ended his marriage with Scylla Stoner. When they divorced he was not aware that Scylla was pregnant to him, and she later gave birth to his son, who was to become famous as the violinist Nigel Kennedy (born 28 December 1956). His mother wanted Nigel taught a string instrument but chose the violin because she did not want a cello in the house as a reminder of John Kennedy. John and Nigel Kennedy did not meet until Nigel was 11. John married the Welsh soprano Joan Dargavel, and had more children (Nigel’s half-siblings), including the bassist Debbie Kennedy and the cellist Laurien Kennedy, who won the 1978 ABC Young Performers Award. John and Joan divorced in 1975. He had a fourth child in 1976, violinist, Erica Kennedy (1st violinist in the Flinders String Quartet). He continued teaching, playing and broadcasting in Australia until he retired in 1979 due to ill health.
John Kennedy became an alcoholic and died of liver failure in 1980, at Box Hill, Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20685374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685374" title="Rudolf Steinbauer">
Rudolf Steinbauer

Rudolf Steinbauer (born September 9, 1959) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently managing ASV Statzendorf.

</doc>
<doc id="20685380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685380" title="Warrego">
Warrego

Warrego may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20685413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685413" title="Zamioculcadoideae">
Zamioculcadoideae

Zamioculcadoideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family that consists of two genera, "Zamioculcas" and "Gonatopus". It was proposed in 2005 by Bogner and Hesse after molecular studies indicated the need for the subfamily. There are also some genetic indications that "Stylochaeton" should be included in the subfamily.

</doc>
<doc id="20685420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685420" title="Muddy Branch">
Muddy Branch

Muddy Branch is a tributary stream of the Potomac River in Montgomery County, Maryland, located about northwest of Washington, D.C. The headwaters of the stream originate in Gaithersburg, and the stream flows southwest for , through Muddy Branch Park and Blockhouse Point Conservation Park, under the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal near Pennyfield Lock, to the Potomac River.

</doc>
<doc id="20685453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685453" title="Khushi Ram">
Khushi Ram

Khushi Ram (born 7 August 1936 - 29 December 2013) also known as The Scoring Machine Of Asia was a basketball player from India who represented India at many international competitions. He was awarded the country's highest sporting honour the Arjuna award in 1967. He is considered as one of the all time greats of Basketball in Asia. He captained the Indian National Basketball Team in the year 1965 which made its first appearance in Asian Basketball Championship. He represented the Indian team from 1964 to 1972. He is father of former Indian Team captain and Dhyan Chand Award winner Ram Kumar.
Early life and background.
Born in Jhamri village in the Jhajjar district of Haryana, Khushi Ram spent his childhood in village and completed his education there. He joined Delhi based Army unit the Rajputana Rifles in 1950 as a Boy Recruit. Here began his interest for the game, looking at his 6' 4" height and good physical built the Basketball coaches in Rajputana Rifles advised him to take up the game. Within a short span of time Khushi Ram became aware of the basics and technical aspect of basketball. As a result, he made his debut in National Basketball Championship in 1952 where he played for Services basketball team, there on started his journey of success.
Sporting career.
Khushi Ram was the first ever Indian player who started the trend of Basketball in India. He began by playing for Armed Forces in initial stages of his career, just because of his excellent sense of the game and amazing shooting skills, he turned out be an asset for his team and kept participating in all National level and other major tournaments in India. From 1958 to 1968, the time he was associated with Army, the Armed Force basketball team won the National title continuously for 10 years in which he was judged as the best player many times. Khushi Ram quickly gained popularity and became a star player in India. After taking retirement from Army in the year 1969 he moved to Kota in Rajasthan and joined Shri Ram Rayons, then he represented Rajasthan team for 5 years in National Basketball Championships.
In 1964 Khushi Ram was selected in the Indian National Basketball Team for the 4th Quardrangular tournament in Colombo. It was his international debut, his performance was appreciated by his coach and the selectors of team. He secured his position and became a key player of the Indian team. The very next year in 1965 he was named as the captain of Indian team for Asian Basketball Championship which was held in Kuala Lumpur, though India's position was 7th in the tournament, Khushi Ram stood as the highest scorer of the tournament and continued to maintain the same position as the 2nd highest scorer in 1967 ABC Championship in Seoul and highest scorer in 1969 ABC Championship in Bangkok. It is an unbreakable record that he still holds as an Indian and no other basketball player from India has ever registered himself as the highest scorer in the Asian Basketball Championship . He became a well known figure in Basketball circuit leaving behind the other greats of Asia and with this was declared as the best shooter and the most prestigious player in . Countries such as the Philippines and South Korea offered him to play in their professional leagues. The year 1970 was the best year in Khushi Ram's career when he participated in 10th Anniversary Celebrations Championship in Manila. At this stage he became immensely popular in Asian continent by his spectacular performance and in this tournament he had a wonderful average of 196 points in 7 games played by him. The unstoppable Khushi Ram scored 43 points against the then powerhorse of Asia and the home team Philippines, which is the highest individual score by any Indian player. Seeing his outstanding performance the organisers in Philippines awarded him the 3 honours:
1. The most valuable player of Asia
2. The most consistent shooter in Asia
3. The best centre player of the meet
At the end of the invitational tournament in Manila, former legend of Philippines Basketball Lauro Mumar who insisted Khushi Ram to leave India and play for Philippines said, "Khushi Ram has defined how Basketball is played, just unstoppable never saw a player of such a calibre and kind of mental and physical toughness he has in the entire Asia . I would just say that "Give us Khushi Ram and we will conquer the entire world" . He can rule the world of Basketball .
Khushi Ram is the only Basketball player from India to be honoured by these 3 prestigious trophies in his days of stardom. In the same year he was again selected to captain the Indian team for 6th Asian Games at Bangkok, but due to a severe eye injury at the training camp in NIS Patiala he could not participate in the Asian Games. In 1970 itself, the University of Illinois Springfield basketball team of United States of America came to India to play exhibition matches against the Indian team, Springfield team was recognised as the best team of that time in US and NBA D League . Americans are known for their wonderful athletic capabilities as compared to Indian athletes because of which they were comfortably winning matches against India but the strong and speedy Americans were unable to stop Khushi Ram from scoring baskets at pivot point . As reported by a newspaper reporter ((Khushi Ram is an outstanding player, Americans had a tough time while defending him and were unable to figure out on how to stop him from scoring, what a remarkable game sense he has, it's amazing to watch him in action))
Many newspapers and magazines in country published articles on him named The Magician of Basketball as he became the best ranked player of Asia. He became an inspiration for all youngsters who were keen to take up the game.
During an interview in Mumbai in 2011 where Khushi Ram came as Guest of Honour in Savio Cup All India Tournament, a press reporter from The Hindustan Times interviewed him . 
The journalist asked him that "Sir what keeps you glued to Basketball even in your 70's ?"
He smiles and says "Basketball is my bread and butter , whatever I am today it's just because of this game , I love training kids and will continue to do it till my last breath . I am happy that my sons Ram Kumar and Ashok took the legacy forward and they respected the game in the same spirit as I did "
Coaching.
Khushi Ram also contributed his services for the game as a coach. After announcing his retirement he took over as the coach of Shri Ram Rayons Basketball team in 1976 and also coached Rajasthan Basketball team for many years. Under his coaching Shri Ram Rayons was the best team in India and won many All India tournaments. Olympians Ajmer Singh, Hanuman Singh are his best gifts to the Indian Basketball, he also coached his son, Ram Kumar, and Ashok Kumar, who was also a former India captain. He was deeply associated with the game till his last breath.
He died on 29 December 2013 when he felt chest pain while giving away the prizes in a local function at his home town. On that day he was very happy and was proud on the achievement of his followers/trainees.
After his death the Haryana Government has decided to build a stadium in his village Jhamri as a tribute to him because Khushi Ram's vision was development of children through sports and education . 

</doc>
<doc id="20685460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685460" title="Huttonite">
Huttonite

Huttonite is a thorium nesosilicate mineral with the chemical formula 4 and which crystallizes in the monoclinic system. It is dimorphous with tetragonal thorite, and isostructual with monazite. An uncommon mineral, huttonite forms transparent or translucent cream–colored crystals. It was first identified in samples of beach sands from the West Coast region of New Zealand by the mineralogist Colin Osborne Hutton (1910–1971). Owing to its rarity, huttonite is not an industrially useful mineral.
Occurrence.
Huttonite was first described in 1950 from beach sand and fluvio-glacial deposits in South Westland, New Zealand, where it was found as anhedral grains of no more than 0.2 mm maximum dimension. It is most prevalent in the sand at Gillespie's Beach, near Fox Glacier, which is the type location, where it is accompanied by scheelite, cassiterite, zircon, uranothorite, ilmenite and gold. It was found at a further six nearby locations in less plentiful amounts. Huttonite was extracted from the sands by first fractionating in iodomethane and then electromagnetically. Pure samples were subsequently obtained by handpicking huttonite grains under a microscope. This was accomplished either in the presence of short wave (2540 Å) fluorescent light, where the dull white fluorescence distinguishes it from scheelite (fluoresces blue) and zircon (fluoresces yellow), or by first boiling the impure sample in hydrochloric acid to induce an oxide surface on scheelite and permitting handpicking under visible light.
Hutton suggested the huttonite contained in the beach sand and fluvio-glacial deposits originated from Otago schists or pegmatitic veins in the Southern Alps.
In addition to New Zealand, huttonite has been found in granitic pegmatites of Bogatynia, Poland, where it associated with cheralite, thorogummite, and ningyoite; and in nepheline syenites of Brevik, Norway.
Physical properties.
Huttonite typically occurs as anhedral grains with no external crystal faces. It is usually colorless but also appears in colors; such as cream and pale yellow. It has a white streak. It has a hardness of 4.5 and exhibits distinct cleavage parallel to the c-axis and an indistinct cleavage along the a-axis [100. 
Structure.
Huttonite is a thorium nesosilicate with the chemical formula 4. It is composed (by weight) of 71.59% thorium, 19.74% oxygen, and 8.67% silicon. Huttonite is found very close to its ideal stoichiometric composition, with impurities contributing less than 7% mole fraction. The most significant impurities to be observed are 2 and 25.
Huttonite crystallizes in the monoclinic system with space group P21/"n". The unit cell contains four ThSiO4 units, and has dimensions "a" = 6.784 ± 0.002Å, "b" = 6.974 ± 0.003Å, "c" = 6.500 ± 0.003Å, and inter–axis angle "β" = 104.92 ± 0.03o. The structure is that of a nesosilicate — discrete SiO42− tetrahedra coordinating thorium ions. Each thorium has coordination number nine. Axially, four oxygen atoms, representing the edges of two SiO4 monomers on opposite sides of the thorium atom, form a (–SiO4–Th–) chain parallel to the "c" axis. Equatorially, five nearly planar oxygen atoms representing vertices of distinct silicate tetrahedra coordinate each thorium. The lengths of the axial Th–O bonds are 2.43 Å, 2.51 Å, 2.52 Å, 2.81 Å, and of the equatorial bonds, 2.40 Å, 2.41 Å, 2.41 Å, 2.50 Å, and 2.58 Å. The Si–O bonds are nearly equal, with lengths 1.58 Å, 1.62 Å, 1.63 Å, and 1.64 Å.
Huttonite is isostructural with monazite. Substitution of the rare earth elements and phosphorus of monazite with thorium and silicon of huttonite can occur to generates a solid solution. At the huttonite end-member, continuous rare earth substitution of thorium of up to 20% by weight has been observed. Thorium substitution in monazite has been observed up to 27% by weight. Substitution of PO4 for SiO4 also occurs associated with the introduction of fluoride, hydroxide, and metal ions.
Huttonite is dimorphic with thorite. Thorite crystallizes in a higher symmetry and lower density tetragonal form in which the thorium atoms coordinate to one less oxygen atom in an octahedral arrangement. Thorite is stable at lower temperatures than huttonite; at 1 atmosphere, the thorite–huttonite phase transition occurs between 1210 and 1225 °C. With increasing pressure the transition temperature increases. This relatively high transition temperature is thought to explain the relative rarity of huttonite on the Earth's crust. Unlike thorite, huttonite is not affected by metamictization.

</doc>
<doc id="20685484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685484" title="Cornelius Smith Jr.">
Cornelius Smith Jr.

Cornelius Smith, Jr. (born March 18, 1982 in Detroit, Michigan) is an actor best known for his portrayal of Frankie Hubbard on the ABC daytime drama "All My Children" since December 2007. He received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series in 2009.
Smith graduated from the Class of 2000 from Cass Tech High School in Detroit, Michigan. Then he went on to Southern Methodist University in Dallas.

</doc>
<doc id="20685487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685487" title="Mountain Lake Park Historic District">
Mountain Lake Park Historic District

Mountain Lake Park Historic District is a national historic district in Mountain Lake Park, Garrett County, Maryland. It consists of a group of 145 buildings lying within the town, which was launched in the 1880s as a summer resort and important as a center of the Chautauqua movement in Maryland. The district still includes many of the houses built by summer residents of town in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, built in various interpretations of the "Country Gothic" or Rural Queen Anne styles. Also within the district are several of the educational and recreational buildings constructed by the Mountain Lake Park Association, the Methodist-led group which owned and managed the town for many years after its founding in 1881.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20685525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685525" title="Television in China (disambiguation)">
Television in China (disambiguation)

Television in China may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20685528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685528" title="Ludwig Rhesa">
Ludwig Rhesa

Ludwig Rhesa (also known as Martin Ludwig Rhesa, Ludwig Jedemin Rhesa, Liudvikas Rėza; 9 January 1776 – 30 August 1840), was a consistorial councillor of the Evangelical Church in Prussia and a professor at the University of Königsberg in East Prussia. 
Biography.
He was born as Ludwig Rheese in the village of Karwaiten (Karvaičiai) on the Curonian Spit in the Kingdom of Prussia, to a Curonian family. While attending the Albertina in Königsberg he changed the spelling of his name to Rhesa.
He is remembered as the first publisher of the circa-1770 Lithuanian poem "Metai" ("The Seasons") by Christian Donaleitis, now also known as Kristijonas Donelaitis. Rhesa collected and worked with the actual unpublished manuscript, which the widow of Donaleitis, Anna Regina, maiden name Ohlefant, had given to Pastor Johann Gottfried Jordan of Walterkehmen. He in turn gave it to Ludwig Rhesa. He also had a copy by Pastor J. F. Hohlfeldt of Gerwischkehmen available. Wilhelm von Humboldt urged him to do the translation and the book was finally published in 1818 under the title "Das Jahr in Vier Gesaengen", literally "The Year in Four Songs"), along with German translation of Donaleitis' poems. It has since gone on to be translated into 16 more European languages.
Rhesa also researched the traditions of Baltic language folk song (daina). He published the first collection of 85 such songs in 1825 under title "Dainos oder Litthauische Volkslieder". Thus he is considered to be the founder of Lithuanian folklore research.

</doc>
<doc id="20685545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685545" title="Arthur Plunkett, 8th Earl of Fingall">
Arthur Plunkett, 8th Earl of Fingall

Arthur James Plunkett, 8th Earl of Fingall KP (9 September 1759 – 30 July 1836) was a Roman Catholic Irish peer, styled Lord Killeen until 1793, and a leading supporter of the cause of Catholic Emancipation.
Family.
He was the eldest son of the 7th Earl and his wife Henrietta Wollascot of Woolhampton, Berkshire. He became Earl of Fingall in 1793 after the death of Arthur James Plunkett, 7th Earl of Fingall and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 20 October 1821, on the occasion of the Royal Visit to Ireland of King George IV. His creation as Baron Fingall in 1831 made him a member of the United Kingdom House of Lords.
He married in 1785 Frances Donelan of Ballydonellan, County Galway who died in 1835. They had a son, Arthur Plunkett, 9th Earl of Fingall, and a daughter, Harriet (died 1871), who married John Jones of Llanarth, Monmouthshire.
Cause of Catholic Emancipation.
For many years he was a champion of the cause of Catholic Emancipation, and for a time worked closely with Daniel O'Connell to secure it. In 1807 he obtained an interview with the 1st Duke of Wellington, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, who explained that Catholic Emancipation was not at that time practical politics, but that the remaining Penal Laws would be enforced with all possible moderation. As one of the leaders of the Catholic Association in its original form, which the Government maintained was illegal, he was briefly arrested, but never prosecuted. His role led to the unofficial title "head of the Irish Catholic laity".
Lord Byron violently attacked Fingall in verse for accepting the Order of St. Patrick from George IV - "wears Fingall thy trappings?" -and for his deferential behaviour during the Royal Visit. However Fingall and his fellow Irish Catholic peers were not and did not pretend to be republicans: they sought equal rights under the Crown, not separation from it.

</doc>
<doc id="20685583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685583" title="Oakland Historic District (Oakland, Maryland)">
Oakland Historic District (Oakland, Maryland)

Oakland Historic District is a national historic district in Oakland, Garrett County, Maryland. It is an L-shaped area in the central and older section of Oakland, containing 206 buildings. They reflect the evolution of this rural county seat from the mid 19th to the mid 20th centuries. It includes the Garrett County Courthouse, but the majority of the buildings are residential of frame construction and positioned with deep setbacks from the street, surrounded by large lawns. Several churches and schools and a library are scattered in the district.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20685592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685592" title="Surendra Kumar Kataria">
Surendra Kumar Kataria

Surendra Kumar Kataria is a former basketball player from India who represented India at many international competitions. He was awarded Arjuna award in 1973. He was born in Bhilwara Rajasthan state and represented Indian Railways in national tournaments. It should also be mentioned here that he was a sharp-shooter in the true sense of the word, and Indian basketball has not seen such a shooter in all its history.

</doc>
<doc id="20685596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685596" title="Rolando Delgado">
Rolando Delgado

Rolando Delgado (born November 22, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist. He has fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, and Bellator Fighting Championships. He was a cast member on The Ultimate Fighter 8.
Early life.
Delgado was born on November 22, 1981 in San Diego, California. He moved to Little Rock, Arkansas when he was 15 years old and began training in mixed martial arts (MMA).
MMA career.
Early career.
Delgado began his career as a cast member UFC's, TUF 8. Although he did not win the show, Delgado submitted castmate John Polakowski via guillotine choke at TUF 8 Finale. He won his debut fight in December 2008. He has competed at Extreme Brawl, Modern Ringsport and Absolute Fighting Championships. He was a cast member of SpikeTV's reality show, "The Ultimate Fighter" and is a co-owner of Westside MMA in Little Rock.
Delgado was released from his UFC contract following back to back losses to Paul Kelly at UFC 99 and to Andre Winner at UFC 105.
After departing from the UFC, Delgado dropped back down to his original weight class and won twice in Arkansas MMA promotions and later at an undercard fight by unanimous decision.
Personal life.
Delgado has a son who was born in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20685599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685599" title="Detroit Diesel 110">
Detroit Diesel 110

The Detroit Diesel Series 110, with 110 cubic inches displacement per cylinder, was introduced in 1945 as more-powerful alternative to the existing Series 71 engines. It was used in a variety of applications, including construction equipment and power generation. The most popular use was in the Budd RDC self-powered rail car. It was also heavily used in Euclid construction machinery. In 1951 a marine version was also introduced.
Overview.
The Detroit Diesel Series 110 is a two-stroke cycle Diesel engine series, available in six cylinder inline configuration (in keeping with the standard Detroit Diesel practice at the time, engines were referred to using a concatenation of the number of cylinders and the displacement, so this was a model 6-110). It was introduced as the second mass-market product of the Detroit Diesel Engine Division of General Motors in 1945.
The 6-110 series engines utilize uniflow scavenging, where a blower mounted to the exterior of the engine provides intake air through cored passages in the engine block and ports in the cylinder walls at slightly greater than atmospheric pressure. The engine exhausts through push-rod operated poppet valves in the cylinder head, with either two or four valves per cylinder. Unit fuel injection is employed, one injector per cylinder, with no high fuel pressure outside of the injector body. The injectors are cycled from the same camshaft responsible for opening the exhaust valves.
As a two stroke cycle Diesel engine cannot naturally aspirate, or draw in its own intake air, the blower is necessary to provide air in an amount sufficient both for scavenging of exhaust gasses from the cylinder and to support combustion. Initial versions of the 6-110 engine used a centrifugal-type supercharger. This was very practical for fixed-speed applications such as marine or generator service, but proved a failure in automotive applications. "The engine was developed on the dyno and was never operated above rated RPM. The first application was in Euclid mining trucks, where the driver's income depends on how fast he drives the empty truck back down into the pit. The centrifugal blower ran about 10 times engine speed. Exceeding that RPM was fatal, and in a truck a single missed downshift could mean a failed engine." For that reason a Roots type blower was made available as an option after about 1952. Later high performance versions were available with turbochargers.
The initial Series 71 engines from Detroit Diesel were produced in 1-, 2-, 3-, 4- and 6- cylinder versions. The most powerful version, the 6-71, displaced 426 cubic inches and produced at 1800 rpm. While these engines with their low cost and relatively light were highly successful, there was also great demand for higher horsepower, especially for non-highway applications such as power generation and construction equipment.
Since inline engines of more than 6 cylinders tend to have substantial technical problems, and since GM was not to perfect V-block engine technology for another decade, they took two divergent approaches to achieving higher horsepower. One was to couple together multiple 6-71 engines in twin (side-by-side), tandem (fore-and-aft) and the incredible Quad (four 6-71s all driving a single shaft). While these did produce high horsepower and even added some redundancy, they were mechanically complex and relatively expensive.
The alternative approach was to design a new engine and increase the displacement from the existing 71 cubic inches to 110 cubic inches, or roughly a 50% increase. This resulted in the model 6-110 or 660 cubic inches total displacement. While the basic engine components (block, crankshaft, pistons, etc.) were all new, many of the additional components (injectors, governors, accessories, marine gears) were simply shared with the Series 71 engines. Since the 6-110 was designed from the outset for heavy-duty high-horsepower applications, it was never produced in a four cylinder version (that would have displaced 440 cubic inches, very close to the 426 ci displaced by the 6-71).
The introduction of the V-71 series in 1957 effectively doomed the 6-110, as both the 8-71 (568 cubic inch displacement) and 12-71 (852 cubic inch displacement) offered higher horsepower in a more compact form factor. However the high torque and great reliability of the 6-110 was still valued for heavy-duty applications.
The Series 110 was last produced in 1965, after which the manufacturing rights were purchased by the W. W. Williams Distribution Company, which continues to provide parts for these engines.
Specifications.
The 6-110 was a remarkably flexible engine. The same basic block was available in both clockwise and counterclockwise rotation, and the exhaust manifold was also available on either the left or right side. A turbocharged model was on the market by 1958, boosting the power to 349 HP at 2000 RPM.
All 6-110 engines were designated a Unit Model Number 62200, with 62200 RA designating starboard rotation and 62200 LA designating port rotation.
Other specifications include:
Advertising.
Quoting from an introductory ad (Yachting Magazine, January 1951):
"Here's the newest member of the General Motors Diesel family - the brawny 6-110 engine that develops 275 horsepower. It is 50% more powerful thn the famous 6-cylinder GM "71" engine that powers so many of America's fine yachts, tugs and fishing vessels -- yet it weighs less than 15 pounds per horsepower, including the famous GM hydraulic reverse gear."

</doc>
<doc id="20685630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685630" title="Peierls transition">
Peierls transition

A Peierls transition or Peierls distortion is a distortion of the periodic lattice of a one-dimensional crystal. Atomic positions oscillate so that the perfect order of the 1-D crystal is broken.
Peierls’ Theorem.
Peierls' Theorem states that "a one-dimensional equally spaced chain with one electron per ion is unstable". It was asserted in the 1930s by Rudolf Peierls. It can be proven using a simple model of the potential for an electron in a 1-D crystal with lattice spacing a. The periodicity of the crystal creates energy band gaps in the E–k diagram at multiples of the value k = π/a (similar to the result of the Kronig–Penney model, which helps to explain the origin of band gaps in semiconductors). If the ions each contribute one electron, then the band will be half-filled, up to values of k = ±π/2a in the ground state.
Imagine a lattice distortion where every other ion moves closer to one neighbor and further away from the other, the unfavourable energy of the long bond between ions is outweighed by the energy gain of the short bond. The period has just doubled from a to 2a. In essence, the proof relies on the fact that doubling the period would introduce new band gaps located at multiples of k = π/2a. This would cause small energy savings, based on the distortion of the bands in the vicinity of the new gaps. Approaching k = π/2a from the left, the distortion due to the introduction of the new band gap will cause the electrons to be at a lower energy than they would be in the perfect crystal. Therefore, this lattice distortion becomes energetically favorable when the energy savings due to the new band gaps outweighs the elastic energy cost of rearranging the ions. Of course, this effect will be noticeable only when the electrons are arranged close to their ground state – in other words, thermal excitation should be minimized. Therefore, the Peierls transition should be seen at low temperature. This is the basic argument for the occurrence of the Peierls transition, sometimes called dimerization.
Historical background.
Peierls’ discovery gained experimental backing during the effort to find new superconducting materials. In 1964, Dr. William Little of the Stanford University Department of Physics theorized that a certain class of polymer chains may experience a high TC superconducting transition. The basis for his assertion was that the lattice distortions which lead to pairing of electrons in the BCS theory of superconductivity could be replaced instead by rearranging the electron density in a series of side chains. This means that now electrons would be responsible for creating the Cooper pairs instead of ions. Because the transition temperature is inversely proportional to the square root of the mass of the charged particle responsible for the distortions, the TC should be improved by a corresponding factor:
formula_1
The subscript "i" represents "ion," while "e" represents "electron." The predicted benefit in superconducting transition temperature was therefore a factor of about 300.
In the 1970s, various organic materials such as TTF-TCNQ were synthesized. What was found is that these materials underwent an insulating transition rather than a superconducting one. Eventually it was realized that these were the first experimental observations of the Peierls transition. With the introduction of new band gaps after the lattice becomes distorted, electrons must overcome this new energy barrier in order to become free to conduct. The simple model of the Peierls distortion as a rearrangement of ions in a 1-D chain could describe why these materials became insulators rather than superconductors.
Related physical consequences.
Peierls predicted that the rearrangement of the ion cores in a Peierls transition would produce periodic fluctuations in the electron density. These are commonly called charge density waves, and they are an example of collective charge transport. Several materials systems have verified the existence of these waves. Good candidates are weakly coupled molecular chains, where electrons can move freely along the direction of the chains but motion is restricted perpendicular to the chains. NbSe3 and K0.3MoO3 are two examples in which charge density waves have been observed at relatively high temperatures of 145K and 180K, respectively.
Furthermore, the 1-D nature of the material causes a breakdown of the Fermi liquid theory for electron behavior. Therefore, a 1-D conductor should behave as a Luttinger liquid instead. A Luttinger liquid is a paramagnetic one-dimensional metal without Landau quasi-particle excitations.
Research topics.
1-D metals have been the subject of much research. Here are a few examples of both theoretical and experimental research efforts to illustrate the broad range of topics:

</doc>
<doc id="20685631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685631" title="John Brabazon, 10th Earl of Meath">
John Brabazon, 10th Earl of Meath

John Chambre Brabazon, 10th Earl of Meath KP PC (I) (9 April 1772 – 15 March 1851) was an Irish peer. He became Earl of Meath in 1797 after the death of his brother William Brabazon, 9th Earl of Meath and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 24 November 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="20685632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685632" title="Economic and Technological Development Zones">
Economic and Technological Development Zones

The China National Economic and Technological Development Zones () are the special areas of the People's Republic of China where foreign direct investment is encouraged. They are usually called the "Economic and Technological Development Zones" or simply the "Development Zones".
These national level programs started with the Special Economic Zones for three cities in 1978, as part of China's economic reform, and were extended to the Economic and Technological Development Zones in 14 cities in 1984. In 2006, there are now 49 Development Zones (in the order of the list in the Chinese Wikipedia page, i.e. in the order of the approvals):
Provincial Economic Development Zones.
There are now many Provincial Economic Development Zones, such as:
Some of them are as large as the National Economic and Technological Development Zones. There are also the Municipal-Level Economic Development Zones.

</doc>
<doc id="20685657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685657" title="Josef Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen">
Josef Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen

Josef Friedrich Wilhelm (born 12 November 1717 in Bayreuth; died 9 April 1798 in Hechingen), was prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen from 1750 until his death.
Life.
Prince Josef Friedrich Wilhelm, Officer in Imperial Service, succeeded his unmarried cousin, Frederick Louis, in 1750. On 25 June 1750 in Vienna, Josef married Princess Maria Theresia Folch de Cardona y Silva, the 18-year-old daughter of Fürst von Cardona. Maria Theresia died only three months into the marriage and left behind her family's fortune in its entirety. Marriages in the House of Hohenzollern-Hechingen were often chosen based on dowry and inheritance.
In 1751, Josef married Countess Maria Theresia of Waldburg-Zeil who bore him six children, of which only the youngest daughter grew past childhood.
Josef was an enthusiastic hunter and traveler. In 1764, during a stay in Bad Wildbad, he became acquainted with a Prussian Stabskapitän who had been released from the Prussian army after the end of the Seven Years' War. This man was Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben (1730–1794), who would spend the next 12 years as Hofmarschall in Josef's service before his role assisting George Washington in the Revolutionary War as General Inspector and Organizer of the United States Army.
Steuben was also involved when the prince began to implement money-saving or money-creating policies. These include his attempt in 1772 to dissolve the court and to travel incognito with only his wife and Steuben accompanying him. He stayed for extended periods of time in Strasbourg, Montpellier, and Lyon. Josef spent much of his money and time with company, fine dining, gambling, theater, Carneval, and hunting. This continued for three full years, until the princess succeeded in convincing the prince to end his masquerade.
In the following years, Josef became comfortable in the position of an enlightened leader; he promoted agriculture and established compulsory education. In 1775, he founded a Gymnasium (roughly equivalent to the American high school) as well as a Latin school in the "Old Castle", and contributed to the reduction of churchly holidays despite resistance from the population. He was considered to be tolerant towards Protestants and Jews.
His need for representation led to the establishment of the Collegiate church in Hechingen. In 1764, the well-renowned French architect Pierre Michel d'Ixnard was hired as the director of this construction project.
Although the prince intended to always appear as a friendly father-figure for his people, he was relentless in conflicts with his subjects and was always distrustful of his potential successors. On 9 April 1798, Josef died after 48 years of reigning.
Because he had no male successors, the crown passed to his nephew Hermann.
Issue.
Josef Friedrich Wilhelm and his second wife Countess Maria Theresia of Waldburg-Zeil had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="20685675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685675" title="Home for Christmas (BarlowGirl album)">
Home for Christmas (BarlowGirl album)

Home for Christmas is the Christmas album from contemporary Christian rock band BarlowGirl. It was released on September 23, 2008, and charted at No. 180 on the "Billboard" 200.
Awards.
In 2009, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Christmas Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20685676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685676" title="116 Squadron (Israel)">
116 Squadron (Israel)

116 Squadron of the Israeli Air Force, also known as the The Defenders of the South Squadron (former Flying Wing Squadron), is an F-16A/B fighter squadron based at Nevatim Airbase.

</doc>
<doc id="20685696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685696" title="Thomas Pakenham, 2nd Earl of Longford">
Thomas Pakenham, 2nd Earl of Longford

Thomas Pakenham, 2nd Earl of Longford KP (14 May 1774 – 28 May 1835), known as The Lord Longford between 1792 and 1794, was an Anglo-Irish peer. 
Background.
Pakenham was the eldest son of Edward Pakenham, 2nd Baron Longford, by Catherine Rowley, daughter of Hercules Rowley. His sister, the Honourable Catherine Pakenham, was the wife of the Duke of Wellington. One of his younger brothers was the Honourable Sir Edward Pakenham was a British Army officer who served under Wellington in the Peninsular War. A younger brother was Sir Hercules Robert Pakenham CB, KCB, a lieutenant-general of the British Army and was brevet colonel and aide-de-camp to the William IV of the United Kingdom. 
Pakenham succeeded his father in the barony in 1792 and two years later also succeeded his grandmother, Elizabeth Pakenham, 1st Countess of Longford, as second Earl of Longford.
Public life.
Longford was one of the original 28 Irish representative peers elected to the 1st Union Parliament on 2 August 1800. He was a member of the House of Lords until his death. He was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 17 December 1813. In 1821 he was created Baron Silchester, of Silchester in the County of Southampton, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, which gave him and his descendants an automatic seat in the House of Lords.
Family.
Lord Longford married Lady Georgiana Emma Charlotte Lygon, daughter of William Lygon, 1st Earl Beauchamp, in 1817. They had several children. Their third son the Honourable Thomas Alexander Pakenham was a Rear-Admiral in the Royal Navy and the father of Admiral Sir William Pakenham. Their seventh and youngest son the Honourable Sir Francis Pakenham was a diplomat and notably served as Ambassador to Sweden. Longford died in May 1835, aged 61, and was succeeded in the earldom by his eldest son, Edward. Longford's second son William, who eventually succeeded in the earldom, was a General in the British Army. The Countess of Longford survived her husband by over 40 years and died in February 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="20685700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685700" title="117 Squadron (Israel)">
117 Squadron (Israel)

The 117 Squadron of the Israeli Air Force, also known as the First Jet Squadron, is an F-16C fighter squadron based at Ramat David Airbase. The squadron operated Israel's first jet aircraft, the Gloster Meteor, flying the T7, F8 and FR9 variants.

</doc>
<doc id="20685702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685702" title="Down by-election, 1946">
Down by-election, 1946

The Down by-election was held on 6 June 1946, following the death of James Little, the independent Unionist Member of Parliament for Down.
The Down constituency elected two members. Since its re-creation in 1922, it had consistently elected unionists, with all other candidates polling less than 15% of the votes cast.
Until the 1945, every MP for the seat had been a member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP). Little was elected unopposed for the UUP at a 1939 by-election. The other Down MP, Viscount Castlereagh, decided to retire at the 1945 general election, and the UUP decided to also make Little's seat subject to reselection. Little resigned from the party in protest at this, and easily held his seat as an Independent Ulster Unionist. Official Unionist Walter Smiles won the second seat, narrowly beating the second official Unionist, John Blakiston Houston and a second independent unionist, James Brown. Little took 40% of the votes, and the three other candidates around 20% each.
Candidates.
At the by-election, the Ulster Unionist Party hoped to regain the second seat. They stood Charles Heron Mullan, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, who had unsuccessfully contested South Down at the Northern Ireland general election, 1945.
The Northern Ireland Labour Party had generally performed well at the 1945 election, although it did not win any seats. It stood Desmond Donnelly, a British politician with Irish ancestry. At the 1945 election, he had taken third place in Evesham standing for the Common Wealth Party, but had since joined the British Labour Party.
Two independent unionist candidates stood: J. Hastings-Little, son of James Little, and James Brown, the unsuccessful candidate from the previous year, and former Stormont for South Down.
Result.
The by-election was won by Mullan, who took more than half the votes cast. Donnelly took 29% and a clear second place, while Hastings-Little managed 17%. Brown's share of the vote collapsed to only 2%.
At the 1950 UK general election, all remaining multi-member constituencies were abolished. Down was divided into North Down and South Down. Mullan chose to stand down and pursued his career as a solicitor. Donnelly was elected MP for Pembrokeshire in 1950 and enjoyed a colourful career, eventually joining the Conservative Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20685703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685703" title="Jean Vrolicq">
Jean Vrolicq

Jean Vrolicq (also called "Jacques", "Johannes", "Joanis", or "Joan Vrolicq/Vrolyck") was a mariner from St-Jean-de-Luz in the first half of the 17th century. He served in the Danish, Dutch, and French whaling industries from 1619 to 1636, and later became a privateer. 
Voyages, 1619-37.
In 1619 he was among Basque whalemen recruited for a Danish whaling expedition to Spitsbergen. In the following years he continued to participate in the Danish whaling industry in one form or another. In 1624 Vrolicq served as a harpooner for the Dutch "Noordsche Compagnie", and the following year he represented two Basque whaling merchants who sent ships to Spitsbergen for a Copenhagen company. In July 1629 Cardinal Richelieu gave Vrolicq a charter for whaling north of 60°. In 1631 Vrolicq was master of the ship "Valk" (140 tons), in which he sailed to Spitsbergen in partnership with the Hamburg merchant Johan Braem, who also sent a ship to the island. The Dutch tried to expel them from their anchorage in "Københavns Bay" (Kobbefjorden), but failed. The following year, 1632, he parted ways with Braem and sailed under the patronage of Cardinal Richelieu and the King of France. A company was formed in Le Havre and Vrolicq was put in command of three vessels, the "St.-François" (200 tons), under Pierre Harel, the "Grâce" (130 tons), under Martingo de Lagairalde, and the "Notre Dame des Anges" (100 tons), under Jacques Godeffroy. When Vrolicq reached the northwest coast of Spitsbergen early in July he was promptly expelled by the admiral of the Dutch whaling fleet, Jacob Jansz Duynkercker. He fled to Iceland, where he obtained a paltry two whales, both found dead. 
In 1633 Vrolicq sailed to Spitsbergen (or "Terre-Verte", as the French called it) with a fleet of four vessels. Besides Lagairalde and Harel, who again commanded the "Grâce" and "St. François", respectively, the fleet included the "St. Jacques" (200 tons), under Jean Herault, and the "Espérance" (250 tons), under Paul Languillet. Barred from Mauritius Bay (modern Smeerenburgfjorden) and Københavns Bay ("Port-Saint-Pierre" to the French) by the Dutch admiral Cornelis Ys, Vrolicq was forced to the south, where he found a tiny bay he named "Refuge François" or "Port Louis" (modern Hamburgbukta, lying just south of Magdalenefjorden). He returned to Port Louis in 1634, this time with a total of six vessels: Vrolicq in the "Hardy", Harel and Languillet again in the "St. François" and "Espérance", as well as Abraham Oulson in the "Lion Rouge" (250 tons), one Martin in the barque "La Marie", and an unnamed sixth vessel. In June, only a few days after their arrival in Port Louis, two English men-of-war, under William Goodlad, tried to expel Vrolicq and his ships, but failed. They left Spitsbergen in September, with a total catch of eighteen bowhead whales. 
In 1635 Vrolicq once more resorted to Port Louis, this time with a fleet of four vessels: the "St. Jacques", under Vrolicq himself, the "St. François", under Harel, the "Lion Rouge", under Oulson, and an unnamed fourth vessel. The "St. François" was armed with 14 pieces of ordnance and the "Lion Rouge" with 10; both were to land four pieces at the mouth of Port Louis to prevent attack from Dutch and English vessels. The following year, 1636, Vrolicq left with five vessels. Vrolicq again sailed in the "St. Jacques", Harel in the "St. François", Oulson in the "Lion Rouge", Baptiste Girard in the "Avenir" (120 tons), and an unnamed fifth vessel. Following a Spanish raid which resulted in the sacking of St-Jean-de-Luz, Ciboure, and Socoa and the capture of fourteen French Basque whaleships in 1636, Vrolicq devoted himself to privateering.
Contributions to cartography.
A map (c. 1634) of Spitsbergen entitled "La France Artique" has been attributed to Vrolicq. Among the features labelled are "Baie des Holandois" (Smeerenburgfjorden), "Port St. Pierre" (Kobbefjorden), "Port-Louis" or "Refuge Français" (Hamburgbukta, mentioned above), and "Baie aux Anglois" (Kongsfjorden). To the southwest of Spitsbergen lies Jan Mayen, which is labelled as "Ysle de Richelieu". Vrolicq makes the obviously spurious claim of having discovered the island in 1612.

</doc>
<doc id="20685705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685705" title="Joe Crawford (baseball)">
Joe Crawford (baseball)

Joseph Randall Crawford (born May 2, 1970, in Gainesville, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the New York Mets in 1997.
He presently works as a coaching assistant for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Goes by the nicknames Big Craw, Craw Daddy and Sun Tan Superman.

</doc>
<doc id="20685719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685719" title="Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden">
Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden

Robert Jocelyn, 2nd Earl of Roden KP, PC (Ire) (26 October 1756 – 29 June 1820) was an Irish peer and politician. He was styled The Honourable from his birth to 1771, and then Viscount Jocelyn from 1771 to 1797.
He became Earl of Roden in 1797 after the death of Robert Jocelyn, 1st Earl of Roden and was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 13 November 1806. 
Jocelyn represented Maryborough in the Irish House of Commons between 1776 and 1778. Between 1783 and 1797, he sat as Member of Parliament for Dundalk. He turned down a Marquisate due to the lack of his fortune which was needed to uphold this position. 
Family.
He married:

</doc>
<doc id="20685721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685721" title="Ulla Strömstedt">
Ulla Strömstedt

Ulla Strömstedt (November 27, 1939 – June 13, 1986) was a Swedish-born actress who appeared in several films and television shows. Her credits include "The Rat Patrol", "I Spy" and "Flipper", as well as a couple of guest appearances on the 1960s sitcom "Hogan's Heroes". 
Strömstedt studied post-baccalaureate in Stockholm, language and art at the Sorbonne in Paris and theater studies in the U.S. at the Actors Studio. In 1960, she was elected to the first Mälardrottningen in Stockholm. In 1961, she married Gilbert Cole in Los Angeles.
She had one son, Jonathan Strömstedt Cole.
In 1986, Strömstedt died in Cannes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20685727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685727" title="119 Squadron (Israel)">
119 Squadron (Israel)

The 119 Squadron of the Israeli Air Force, also known as the Bat Squadron, is an F-16I fighter squadron based at Ramon Airbase. 
119 formerly operated the McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II from Tel Nof.

</doc>
<doc id="20685733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685733" title="Geoff Miles">
Geoff Miles

Geoff Miles (born 10 January 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood, West Coast and Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL), formerly VFL.
Recruited from Ivanhoe Amateurs, Miles spent three seasons at Collingwood before being delisted.
Miles was primarily a hard running wingman or half back but could also play up forward. He went to Western Australia in 1985 where he began playing for Claremont and was a member of their 1991 premiership team.
When not making one of his 73 senior appearances with Claremont, Miles played for West Coast, debuting in their inaugural VFL game at the start of the 1987 season.
A four-time Western Australian interstate representative, he was traded to Geelong in the 1991 AFL Draft, thus missing out on West Coast's premiership years. He did however take part in the 1992 AFL Grand Final with Geelong, but lost to his former club West Coast. During the year he had spent some time in the forward line and mid season kicked seven goals in a game against Melbourne and followed it up with five goals in each of the next two rounds.
The following year 1993, Miles won a premiership with local BFL side Barwon Heads, he became president of the club and was so until 2006. During this period, Miles became the foundation coach of controversial ninth Westar Rules club in 1997. The Thunder suffered a string of dreadful thrashings in 1997 and won only one game by three points, but Miles set a target of six wins for 1998. After the Thunder remained winless nine games into the season, however, Miles abruptly resigned, saying that he had given up trying to improve the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20685747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685747" title="Cowboy G-Men">
Cowboy G-Men

Cowboy G-Men is an American Western series that aired in syndication from September 1952 to June 1953, for a total of thirty-nine episodes. 
Synopsis.
Russell Hayden and former child actor Jackie Coogan star as Pat Gallagher and Stoney Crockett, respectively, a pair of government agents operating in the American West. Television actor Phil Arnold portrayed Zerbo, a sometimes associate of Gallagher and Crockett. "Cowboy G-Men" was based on a story by Henry B. Donovan and featured the writing of such western fiction authors as Todhunter Ballard.
DVD releases.
Timeless Media Group released a 10 episode best-of set on DVD in Region 1 on October 26, 2008.
Alpha Home Entertainment has released 5 volume collections of Cowboy G-Men on DVD. Each volume contains 4 episodes from the series.
In Other Countries.
In Japan, "Cowboy G-Men" was the first show to be dubbed in Japanese in 1956. The late veteran voice actor Junpei Takiguchi voiced all the characters including the female characters.

</doc>
<doc id="20685759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685759" title="Mindungsan (Gangwon)">
Mindungsan (Gangwon)

Mindungsan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20685768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685768" title="The World Outside (The MacDonald Brothers album)">
The World Outside (The MacDonald Brothers album)

The World Outside is the second album from Scottish brother band The MacDonald Brothers. It was recorded in Glasgow, Scotland, and released on October 15, 2007, by their record label Syco. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 41 with first week sales of 5,126.
Background.
The album was the band's second studio album to be released, after their 2007 debut released the same year in April 2007 entitled "The Macdonald Brothers". "The World Outside" features mostly of covers, mostly Scottish songs such as "Saturday Night" by Bay City Rollers with various others. The song "Runaway (Do You Love Me)" was written by Elton John. The song was released as a single from the album in 2007.
Recording.
The recording for the album is said to have taken place sometime since the release of their 2007 self-titled debut album, which was released in April 2007, and to the release of this album in October 2007. The album was released through Syco Records and Sony Music Entertainment.
Critical reception.
HMV said:

</doc>
<doc id="20685770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685770" title="Variant Dungeons &amp; Dragons games">
Variant Dungeons &amp; Dragons games

A faction of long-time "Dungeons & Dragons" fans prefer earlier editions to the current one and continue to play them. In addition, new games have been published which address the perceived inability of the current game to preserve the tone of classic D&D while still fixing some of the faulty rules of older versions. "Castles & Crusades" is one such example, utilizing the unified D20 mechanic of Third Edition while dropping what are often perceived as complications (Feats, Skills, Prestige Classes, etc.). Another alternative is "HackMaster", which is a direct revision of 1st and 2nd edition AD&D with some added parody elements. Some variants have literally been around for decades, such as PrinceCon, which originated as D&D Convention in 1976, but by as early as 1979, its mechanics had already begun to diverge via local tailoring, typically in the form of streamlining to facilitate convention play. Recently, there has been a trend towards utilizing the permission of the Open Game License (OGL) to recreate the rules of earlier editions, and using those recreations to publish new material for the old games. In 2006, Rob Kuntz began releasing new material under his "Creations Unlimited" banner and also under the OGL. Similarly, Paizo Publishing has been working on a set of rules based on 3.5 which seeks to smooth out the rules inconsistencies that have grown up after 6 years of supplements. Their effort, "Pathfinder", was released at Gen Con 2009.
In a similar manner, Chris Gonnerman used the d20 SRD to create Basic Fantasy RPG, and Goblinoid Games did the same to create Labyrinth Lord, both of which mirror the rules and flavor of the Tom Moldvay/David Cook/Steve Marsh D&D box sets.

</doc>
<doc id="20685790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685790" title="Bobby Tench">
Bobby Tench

Robert Tench (born 21 September 1944), also known as Bob Tench, Bobby Tench and Bobby Gass is a British vocalist and guitarist. He is best known for working with Freddie King Jeff Beck and Van Morrison, also as a member of Gass, Hummingbird, Humble Pie and Streetwalkers.
At the start of his career he performed and recorded with Gass and also appeared with Gonzalez, before joining The Jeff Beck Group. He recorded with Ginger Baker before touring with Beck, Bogert & Appice as vocalist and recording sessions with Linda Lewis. Associations with Junior Marvin and the blues, rock guitarist Freddie King followed.
He signed to A&M Records and formed Hummingbird, later joining Roger Chapman and Charlie Whitney in Streetwalkers. During this period he had brief associations with Boxer and Widowmaker, recording album tracks with each before working with Van Morrison. When his commitments with Morrison came to an end he moved on to work and record with Eric Burdon, also Axis Point, before Steve Marriott included him as an official band member in a new lineup of Humble Pie.
More collaborations and associations followed with musicians such as Brian Robertson, Topper Headon, Roger Chapman, Ruby Turner and Alan Price. Tench was re-united with Humble Pie in the new millennium, when the band was re-formed by their drummer Jerry Shirley. The lineup he joined also featured Humble Pie's original bassist Greg Ridley. In the same year he appeared at the "Steve Marriott Memorial Concert", which was for one night only at the Astoria Theatre, London. Since 2005 he has been involved with studio collaboration and production.
Career.
1965-1972.
Gass and Peter Green.
Bobby Tench formed Gass with Godfrey and Errol McLean in May 1965, credited as Robert Tench and featured as vocalist, guitarist and bass player. The band played the London Club circuit and were often accompanied on stage by guest musicians, such as Jimi Hendrix and Eric Burdon. They recorded two singles for Parlophone and another for CBS with their original lineup, before taking a more progressive musical direction. Tench moved on with drummer Godfrey McLean forming a new lineup and were signed by Polydor Records in 1969. At this time Gass were already playing as the house band for Catch My Soul, a stage musical produced by Jack Good. Tench sang some parts for Othello and he featured with the band on the original UK cast recording of "Catch My Soul-Rock Othello", released a year later.Gass recorded "Juju" (1970), which was removed from retail outlets and re-released as "Gass". "Juju" featured the Fleetwood Mac guitarist Peter Green on the tracks "Juju" and "Black Velvet". Tench also formed the original line up of Gonzalez with Godfrey McLean, this line up also included Gass band mates, bassist Delisle Harper and percussionist Lennox Langton.
Jeff Beck Group.
Tench moved on at the end of May 1971, leaving Gass and Gonzalez to became a full-time member of The Jeff Beck Group. Jeff Beck had signed a record deal with CBS in June 1971, having reformed "The Jeff Beck Group". Vocals by Alex Ligertwood had been unexpectedly rejected by record company bosses, forcing Beck to find a replacement singer. Having heard Tench perform with "Gass", "Upstairs" at Ronnie Scott's club in Soho London, he employed him as replacement vocalist. In their book about Beck "Chris Hjort" and "Doug Hinman", mention this association and state: "Tench is also a proficient guitar player". He was given only a short time to add his vocals to "Rough and Ready" (1971), before mixing resumed on tracks previously recorded in London by Beck and the other band members including, drummer Cozy Powell, bassist Clive Chaman and keyboard player Max Middleton. When the album was released in Europe they toured Finland, Holland, Switzerland and Germany. "Rough and Ready" was released in USA eight months later and a sixteen date promotional tour followed. The album eventually reached #46 on the US album charts.
In January 1972 The Jeff Beck Group travelled to USA to join Beck at TMI studios in Memphis, Tennessee, where they recorded the album "Jeff Beck Group" (1972) with Steve Cropper as producer. The promotional tour which followed included an appearance on the "BBC In Concert" series, which was recorded on 29 June 1972 at the Paris Theatre, London. During this session Tench's guitar playing was featured on "Definitely Maybe", a rare occasion whilst he was associated with Beck. On 24 July 1972 The second Jeff Beck Group was officially disbanded and Beck's management released this statement: "The fusion of the musical styles of the various members has been successful within the terms of individual musicians, but they didn't feel it had led to the creation of a new musical style with the strength they had originally sought".
Ginger Baker, BBA.
In July 1972 Tench played guitar on "Stratavarious" (1972) with Cream drummer Ginger Baker. He was credited under the pseudonym Bobby Gass and appeared with Afro beat Pioneer Fela Ransome-Kuti, also appearing at live dates with Baker during this period. Tracks from Stravarious were later re-issued, along with others on "Do What You Like".
He was re-united with Jeff Beck during the summer of 1972. Beck was collaborating with bassist Tim Bogert and drummer Carmine Appice and they began touring USA as Jeff Beck Group, on 1 August 1972. Tench was flown in from England to replace vocalist Kim Milford, in time for the Arie Crown concert in Chicago, on 8 August. The tour concluded at the Paramount North West Theatre in Washington, on 19 August 1972 and Tench ended his association with Jeff Beck further to the formation of the power trio Beck, Bogert & Appice.
1973.
Freddie King.
Tench recorded with the blues rock guitarist Freddie King and record producer Mike Vernon. He is credited on two albums by King, "Burglar" (1974) and "Larger than life" (1975) King died of a heart attack on 29 December 1976 aged 42 and the compilation album "Freddie King 1934-1976" was released several months later, featuring tracks Tench had contributed to on "Burglar".
Linda Lewis and Junior Marvin's Hanson.
He featured as guitarist on "Fathoms Deep" (1973), an album by Linda Lewis which followed her top twenty success with "Rock a Doodle Do" in the UK singles charts. He appeared alongside former Jeff Beck Group keyboardist Max Middleton, bassist Phil Chen and guitarist Jim Cregan, who also produced the album. In her review of "Fathoms Deep" for Allmusic, "Amy Hanson" wrote: "Helmed by a virtual supergroup featuring the likes of R&B masters Bobby Tench, Max Middleton, Danny Thompson and rocker Philip Chen, alongside Jim Cregan, Fathoms Deep is a true singer songwriter's album, tasteful and tight".
During February 1973 he went into the studio with Junior Marvin, who had appeared with Tench on the Gass album "Juju" three years previously credited as Junior Kerr, who had formed Hanson also known as "Junior Marvin's Hanson" and they recorded "Now Hear This" (1973). The lineup on this album included, drummer "Conrad Isidore", bassist Clive Chaman who later joined Tench in Hummingbird and "DeLisle Harper" who also played bass and had been a member of "Gass" with Tench. The album fused rock with funk and was produced by Mario Medious also known as "Big "M"".
1974-1977.
A&M records, Hummingbird, Chapman/Whitney and Streetwalkers.
Tench signed to A&M in 1973 and formed the rock and soul fusion band Hummingbird, whose lineup included members of the second Jeff Beck Group also second guitarist Bernie Holland and drummer Conrad Isidore. The band's recordings were produced by Ian Samwell for A&M Records and they recorded the first of three albums, "Hummingbird" (1974) When writing about the band Hummingbird, respected music magazine "Gramophone" commented that: "The members of Hummingbird are the cream of British session musicians, more acclimatised than most to playing rock at all intellectual levels".
In April 1975 he became a member of Streetwalkers. He had already already been part of a fluid line-up with Chapman and Whitney, performing as a member of "Chapman Whitney Streetwalkers" and had appeared with their touring band at concerts, such as at Hyde Park in London, the previous year and in television appearances, including Rockpalast in March 1975.
Tench recorded a second album with Hummingbird, "We Can't Go On Meeting Like This", which was released in 1975 and was the first of two albums to feature drummer Bernard "Pretty" Purdie.
Widowmaker (UK), Boxer, Streetwalkers first album.
Tench recorded with former Mott the Hoople and Spooky Tooth guitarist Luther Grosvenor's band Widowmaker (UK), which was considered as a potential supergroup, and was formed during 1975. Tench contributed guitar and vocals to the band's first album Widowmaker (1976), which was recorded in 1975
During 1976 Tench contributed vocals to "Bloodletting" with Boxer, a band which had been formed by Mike Patto and Ollie Halsall the year before. "Bloodletting" was recorded at The Manor Studios in Oxfordshire and would eventually be released as the band's third album three years later. Tench also appeared on stage with members of Boxer at the Crystal Palace Bowl on 7 August the same year, at a concert promoted by Harvey Goldsmith. This high pedigree concert also featured others such as Eric Clapton and Freddie King, who appeared with guests Larry Coryell and Ronnie Wood on the same bill.
Tench and Streetwalkers recorded their first album "Downtown Flyers" early in 1975, which was released during October the same year in Europe and the U.S.A. they then recorded a second album, the groove heavy "Red Card" (1976), which became their most respected album. On 8 June 1976 he appeared on the BBC Radio 1 Peel Sessions with Streetwalkers and they performed again for "John Peel's" show, on 14 March 1977.
Streetwalkers breakup and Hummingbird's final album.
On 19 April 1977, Streetwalkers appeared on "Rockpalast" for a final time and their set for this performance included Tench playing guitar and singing on songs such as "Run for Cover". Streetwalkers recorded their third and last studio album "Vicious but fair" (1977) with Tench and he also appeared on their final release "Live Streetwalkers" (1977), before the band broke up. Tench and Hummingbird's final album "Diamond Nights" was released the same year.
1978.
Van Morrison and Eric Burdon.
Van Morrison included Tench in a new band lineup as the lead guitarist and a vocalist, in March 1978 to record the "Wavelength" album. Tench was recommended to Morrison by drummer Peter Van Hooke, after Hooke had seen him perform in Streetwalkers. In an interview with Johnny Rogan Tench stated: "I quite liked the songs "Natalia" and "Wavelength" because I had a lot to do with them. They came together quickly. He's a very quick worker and once it's there he doesn't see why you can't record it. He let us get on with it, really. It was a good band". He was credited with production assistance, guitar, and backing vocals on this album, which became Morrison's best selling album at that time. He also contributed lead guitar and vocals to the promotional "Wavelength" tour which followed. The tour started in Santa Clara, California on 30 September 1978 and ended on 1 March 1979 in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. By the end of the tour he had appeared in Morrison's lineup sixty two times, before leaving.
One of these appearances with Morrison was at the Roxy, on 26 November 1978. This performance was recorded and released as the promotional album "Live at the Roxy" (1979).
Tench also appeared in the video "Van Morrison in Ireland", which was filmed in February 1979, when he was performing with Morrison on "The Wavelength Tour" and was released in 1981. Of the bands performance on the video, "Tony Stewart" commented in NME, that: "The band display a range of textures reminiscent of The Caledonia Soul Orchestra, first with the dark resonance of Toni Marcus' violin, then Pat Kyle's bright sharp tenor sax and finally Bobby Tench's prickly electric guitar". In a review of the same video in January 2013, Rovi Eleanor Mannikka mentions "the quality of the music" in her review for The New York Times.
During May 1978 Tench joined Eric Burdon to record the album "Darkness Darkness", at Roundwood House in County Leix Ireland. The album was released nearly two years later. The album was recorded using Ronnie Lane's Mobile Studio and with a lineup also including guitarists Brian Robertson from Thin Lizzy and Henry McCullough recently departed from Wings, also Mick Weaver from Traffic. He performed with Burdon at concerts during this time, before joining Streetwalkers guitarist Charlie Whitney's band Axis Point as a guitarist and vocalist to record "Axis Point" (1979).
1980-1993.
Humble Pie.
He joined Humble Pie in 1980, further to a previously aborted attempt to enlist him. The lineup included founder member, guitarist and vocalist Steve Marriott, their original drummer Jerry Shirley and American bassist Anthony "Sooty" Jones. They recorded and submitted "Fool For a Pretty Face" which Marriott had written with Shirley earlier, to record companies. The song secured a recording contract with Atlantic subsidiary Atco in USA and Don Arden's Jet Records in UK. Tench remained with them and they recorded On To Victory (1980), which reached #60 in the Billboard 200 album charts and the single "Fool For a Pretty Face" reached #52 in the US singles charts. Tench toured with Humble Pie in USA, as part of the "Rock 'N' Roll Marathon Bill" with Ted Nugent and Aerosmith and recorded "Go for the Throat" (1980). The band toured this album after its release During the tour, earlier scheduled appearances by the band were delayed and later Marriott became ill, forcing the cancellation of all further tour dates. Soon afterwards "Humble Pie" disbanded. after "Go For The Throat" was dropped due to contractual differences.
Solo recordings and Topper Headon.
Tench recorded "Chain Gang" (1982) as a tribute to Sam Cooke, which was released as a single by the German label "Line Records". "Looking For A Good Time" was featured on the B side, a song co-written by Tench and Peter Bardens. He later recorded with Topper Headon the drummer from The Clash, credited on Headon's album "Waking Up" (1984). Tracks from these sessions and others such were used for promotional and commercial releases. The lineup included Headon, vocalist and guitarist Tench, vocalist Jimmy Helms, former Clash keyboard player Mick Gallagher and bassist "Jerome Rimson".
In 1986 he recorded a cover of "Still in Love with You", as a tribute to Phil Lynott who died on 4 January the same year. The song was released as a single by the Stiff label, later the same year. Tench featured alongside Brian Robertson. The B side "Heart Out Of Love" was co-written by Jeremy Bird and Tench.
1993-1998.
Appearance with former members of Thin Lizzy.
In 1993 Tench sang lead vocals for "An Evening With The Thin Lizzy Band", which featured former Thin Lizzy drummer Brian Downey, later member and guitarist Brian Robertson, guitarist Doish Nagle and bassist Dough Brookie. The band was formed to play a short tour of Ireland.
Alan Price and The Electric Blues Company.
Tench played guitar and sang vocals with former Animals keyboardist Alan Price and The Electric Blues Company on "Covers" (1994). Later that year he recorded A Gigster's Life for Me with the same lineup. The album was recorded between July and August 1995 at Olympic Studios, London and released the next year as part of "Sanctuary's Blues Masters Series". In his review for AllmusicThom Jurek hints at Tench's influence on the album, : "...the Peter Bardens and Bobby Tench original "Good Times, Bad Woman" which, with its slippery guitars and keyboards, feels more like Peter Green's mid-period work and a killer read of Boz Scagg's "Some Change", which is more driven and funky than the original.Then there's the reggae-blues of the title trick, which swings out of a jazzy backbeat into a rootsier inner circle type groove".
During 1995 he contributed guitar and vocals to "Rattlesnake Guitar". A tribute to Peter Green (1995). He joined Paul Jones and Max Middleton on "Whatcha Gonna Do" and Zoot Money on "Albatross", the album was released in October of the same year.
In 1998 he played guitar and sang vocals on Ruby Turner's "Call Me by My Name", appearing alongside Boz Burrell, Stan Webb and Zoot Money.
2001-present.
Humble Pie drummer Jerry Shirley reformed Humble Pie in UK during 2001 with a lineup including former member Tench, their original bassist Greg Ridley and a new rhythm guitarist Dave "Bucket" Colwell. They recorded "Back on Track" (2002), before a brief tour of UK and Europe with Company of Snakes followed, but was curtailed due to Greg Ridley becoming ill. On 14 April 2001 Tench appeared at the "Steve Marriott Tribute Concert", in a band which included Zak Starkey, Rabbit Bundrick and Rick Wills. Performances from this concert were released on various CDs and a DVD "The Steve Marriott Astoria Memorial Concert 2001" was eventually released on October 5, 2004.
He has since been involved with studio collaborations and production, occasionally making appearances at live shows, such as with Roger Chapman, Arthur Louis and Jim Cregan. In 2009 Tench was a featured artist in the "Maximum Rhythm and Blues Tour" of thirty two UK theatres.
Following and legacy.
His proficency as a guitarist and vocalist has attracted an international following. In his biog of Tench for Allmusic Mark Deming states, that he is: ""a talented singer and guitarist who has worked with some of the biggest and best-respected names in British rock""
In an interview with Tom Jennings from Backstage Axxess in 2012, Joe Bonamassa mentioned Tench as a vocal influence.
The Canadian rock band Danko Jones mention his vocals in their song "Sugar High", with the lyric: ""Got the radio on to Bob Tench singing 'Sugar Cane'", from their album "This is Danko Jones" (2009).
Discography.
Singles.
As Bobby Tench
With Gass
With The Jeff Beck Group
With Hanson (Junior Marvin)
With Streetwalkers
With Hummingbird
With Boxer"A side only"
With Widowmaker (UK)
With Van Morrison
With Humble Pie
With Topper Headon
With Jeff Beck""New Ways/Train Train" only"

</doc>
<doc id="20685800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685800" title="List of Confederate Regular Army officers">
List of Confederate Regular Army officers

This listing shows the names and ranks of some of the Regular Army of the Confederate States of America (ACSA) officers, as well as their ranks in the volunteer Provisional Army of the Confederate States (PACS), if any. These officers fought for the Confederate States during the American Civil War. These lists also show the final regular unit they served in, if known.

</doc>
<doc id="20685806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685806" title="YULBlog">
YULBlog

YULBlog was an association of blogs based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. 
As per their website it is now defunct. 
"From March 2000 until March 2011, Montreal bloggers met up the first Wednesday of every month to have a beer and talk about anything and everything. It's the oldest and longest-living meeting of its kind in the world.
Yulblog is now hibernating, and it might come back in some other form."
YULBlog in the Media.
YULBlog's 5th Anniversary Party (CBC Television Montreal; video sourced from VIMEO)
YULBlog's 5th Anniversary Party (Hour magazine)
YULBlog places 9th in the Montreal Mirror's "Best of Montreal" (2005) in the category "Best Blog."
Ed Hawco of Blork Blog talks about blogging and YULBlog on CBC Television. (Video sourced from VIMEO)
YULBlog on Montreal.tv
Dominic Arpin reporting from YULBlog for Web TV. (Video, in French.)
Branchez-Vous.com on YULBlog's 2009 facelift (in French).

</doc>
<doc id="20685815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685815" title="Mireuksan (Gangwon)">
Mireuksan (Gangwon)

Mireuksan is a mountain in the city of Wonju, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20685838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685838" title="Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House">
Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House

Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House, or simply Sober House, is a VH1 reality television show. It was a spin-off of "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew", and premiered on January 15, 2009.
Production.
"Sober House" is a continuation of "Celebrity Rehab", in which celebrities with substance addictions transition from a drug-rehabilitation center to a less structured, drug-free, sober living home, which is housed in a mansion in the Hollywood Hills. The facility, at which the recovering addicts stay for 30 days, is run by House Manager Jennifer Gimenez and rehab tech Will Smith, a former stuntman. Bob Forrest serves as the head counselor. Dr. Drew Pinsky provides outpatient counseling to the recovering addicts during their time in the house.
The production employs a camera crew for each cast member. Producers filmed 2,500 to 3,000 hours of footage for the nine 43-minute episodes of the first season. The camera crews are instructed not to interfere with the cast, but to alert producers if they observe unsafe behavior. This policy is what led to the calling the police on Steven Adler during the first season.
As with "Celebrity Rehab", the cast members are paid for their appearance on the show.
Pinsky announced in December 2010 that he has stopped production of future seasons of "Sober House", as it was deemed too intrusive, and interfered with the treatment plan.
Recurring cast.
Casts for individual seasons are seen in sections for those seasons.
Reception.
Andy Dehnart of "Reality Blurred" called the series "more harrowing, compelling, and entertaining" than its parent show. Producer John Irwin said that "Sober House" is "more compelling than "Celebrity Rehab". It really is where the real work begins with these guys."
Season 2.
The second season of "Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House" premiered March 11, 2010. The five alumni of "Celebrity Rehab 3" arrived at the sober living facility one week after completing their drug rehab treatment depicted during that series.
Cast.
Note: In the synopses, house manager Jennifer Gimenez is referred to as "Jennifer", while patient Jennie Ketcham will be referred to as "Jennie", as that is the diminutive that Ketcham herself and others use to refer to her.

</doc>
<doc id="20685846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685846" title="José Ortiz (second baseman)">
José Ortiz (second baseman)

José Daniel Ortiz is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. He has played all or part of three seasons in the majors, and is currently playing for the Saitama Seibu Lions of the Pacific League in Japan.
Career.
Early career and MLB debut.
Ortiz was originally signed by the Oakland Athletics as an amateur free agent in . After spending several seasons in the minors, he had a breakout season in , winning the Pacific Coast League MVP while playing for the A's Triple-A farm club, the Sacramento River Cats. That earned him a September call-up to the majors, where he played in seven games for Oakland.
2001: Becoming a major league regular.
The next season, Ortiz started the year in Oakland, but was returned to the minor leagues two weeks later after batting .179 in his first 11 games. After a second brief call-up in May Ortiz was traded to the Colorado Rockies on July 25 as part of a package that brought Jermaine Dye to Oakland. Ortiz was installed as the Rockies starting second baseman, replacing Todd Walker (who had been traded to the Cincinnati Reds). Ortiz batted .255 the rest of the way, with 13 home runs in just 204 at bats in 53 games.
2002: Sophomore slump?
Ortiz opened the season as the Rockies' starter at second again, but his power numbers declined substantially. By mid-June, while he was hitting .244, Ortiz had just one home run through the same number of games (53) in which he'd hit 13 home runs the year before. Ortiz was sent down to the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox and was replaced at second by Brent Butler. After hitting .333 with 6 home runs in 26 minor league games, Ortiz was brought back up in September. He hit .281 in 12 games down the stretch, but failed to hit a home run the rest of the year.
Off to Japan.
Ortiz was not offered a contract by the Rockies after the season, and rather than catch on with another major league club, Ortiz signed with the Orix BlueWave of the Japanese Pacific League. On March 28, , Ortiz hit a home run in his first at bat in Japan, and on May 3 he hit for the cycle against the Seibu Lions. He finished 2003 with 33 home runs for the BlueWave, batting .255 and driving in 86 runs in 127 games.
Ortiz returned to the BlueWave for , and he increased his batting average to .289. However, his power totals declined, as he dropped to 24 home runs in 128 games. After the season, the BlueWave merged with the Kintetsu Buffaloes to become the Orix Buffaloes, and Ortiz was not retained for by the new team.
Independent ball and back to Japan.
Without a team in Japan or the majors, Ortiz signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He played two seasons with Lancaster in and . In , Ortiz returned to Japan with the Chiba Lotte Marines, where he batted .309 with 7 home runs in 67 games. He returned to the Marines in , batting .288 with 11 home runs in 100 games. His contract was not renewed by the Marines, and so he started the season as a free agent. In May, the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks came calling, needing a power bat in the lineup to protect aging left-handed slugger Nobuhiko Matsunaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20685894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685894" title="Maharaj Prem Singh">
Maharaj Prem Singh

Col. Maharaj Prem Singh (1915–2000) was an Indian polo player born in a polo-playing family on 15 November 1915. His grandfather, Maharaj Bhopal Singh was an excellent horseman while his grand uncle Sir Pratap Singh of Idar was a renowned polo player. Maharaj Prem received most of his training from his father, Maharaj Kishen Singh, who himself was an excellent player and had received training from the famous Major-General Delisle.
Early life.
He received early encouragement to play polo from his Principal, A. P. Cox, at Chopasani School and eventually joined his father’s regiment, the Jodhpur Lancers in 1937. The following year, his team won the prestigious Rajpipla Cup in Mumbai defeating all the cavalry teams including the Poona Horse. This was his first major victory. Thereafter, during the Second World War (1939–45), he further enhanced his play skills and played tournaments in Peshawar and Risalpur. His handicap during this period was increased to +7 (the highest for any Indian at that time).
He reached the apex of his career in 1952-53 in England when he was invited by L. Arthur Lucas to play for his team, the Woolmers Park. The team composed of Arthur Lucas (England), Maharaj Prem, Carlos de la Serna (Argentina) and Francisco Astaburuaga (Chile) won every tournament they played that season (1953) in England, which included the Cowdray Cup, the Senior Cup, the Subsidiary Cup and the Midhurst Cup. Subsequently in France, they won the Silver Cup, the Gold Cup and the Deauville World Cup the same season. Maharaj Prem became the first Indian to be a part of a team to win the World Cup in Polo.
His team, the ‘Golden Falcons’ won all major tournaments in Egypt in 1951-52 when he was invited to play there by His Excellency Vahid Yusri Pasha. In 1955, General Rafael Trujillo invited him to play in Dominican Republic where he spent a year and visited the United States of America for the first time. Thereafter, in 1959-60, he played the North American Championship for ‘Oak brook’ on invitation by Paul Butler. In 1962, he was awarded the Arjuna Award (first for polo) by the Government of India in recognition of his achievements.
By 1970s, Maharaj Prem had started spending considerable amount of time popularising and revitalizing polo in Calcutta, Madras and Mumbai. Several industrial families supported him through his endeavours which included industrialists like Shyam Sunder Jalan in Calcutta, Hansraj Mariwala in Mumbai and A. C. Muthiah in Madras. In 1980s, he was actively coaching teams which included the Cambridge and Woolmers Park Polo Club teams, the Indian Army team, members of Delhi Polo Club and others.
Maharaj Prem apart from being a renowned polo player also won several golf tournaments (Asian Championship in Calcutta in 1960 amongst the many others), shooting championships, tennis championships and cycle-polo tournaments during his lifetime. He also tried breeding and training horses for polo at his farm, after which he often named his polo team ‘Karnisar’. He wrote poetry in Urdu and Marwari (some of which can be found displayed at the Mehrangarh Fort, Jodhpur) and spent considerable amount of time developing schemes to bring water to his erstwhile jagir Rajlani to improve living conditions of people in the area.
He died after a long spell of illness in January 2000 in Jodhpur. The same year, the Maharana Mewar Foundation released a book published by Roli Books, Polo in India: A tribute to Maharaj Prem Singh, to commemorate his achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="20685927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685927" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1963">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1963

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1963 Australian federal election. The election was held on 30 November 1963.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
Queensland.
A special election was held in Queensland to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Labor Senator Max Poulter. George Whiteside, also of the Labor Party, had been appointed to this vacancy in the interim period.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested the special Senate election in Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="20685933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685933" title="Angel Lust (song)">
Angel Lust (song)

Angel Lust is the first single from Fake Shark - Real Zombie! second album "Meeting People Is Terrible". It's was released digitally January 9, 2009 on iTunes. The photo was taken by Leigh Righton and the design by Dani Vachon.
References.
"Angel Lust EP!!!!" Myspace Blog Retrieved on 13 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20685936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685936" title="Manchester Football Association">
Manchester Football Association

The Manchester Football Association (also known as the Manchester FA) is the governing body for association football in Greater Manchester, England. They are responsible for the governance and development of football at all levels in the county.
Administration.
Manchester Football Association aims to establish safe and structured football opportunities for the benefit of all concerned irrespective of age, colour, gender and ability. The MFA provide the appropriate structures and systems to enable the association to manage, regulate and promote the game of football within the County. This also enables them to assist with the development of the game at all levels, ensuring they are able to increase the quality and levels of participation across a broad spectrum of players, officials, parents and supporters in the County.
The administrative area covered by the Manchester FA and Lancashire County FA overlaps. According to the "Memorandum on Areas and Overlapping of Associations" the Manchester FA covers the area 12 miles from Manchester Town Hall.
Manchester FA has relocated their Administration Headquarters to Manchester Communication Academy. The offices were opened at their new Headquarters on Tuesday 5 April 2011.
Disbanded or Amalgamated Leagues.
A number of leagues that were affiliated to the Manchester FA have disbanded or amalgamated with other leagues including:
Affiliated Member Clubs.
Among the notable clubs that are affiliated to the Manchester FA are:
Clubs in the Premier League and The Football League that located in the Manchester area include:
Other clubs that are affiliated to the Manchester FA include:
County Cup Competitions.
The Manchester FA run the following Cup Competitions:
List of Manchester Challenge Shield Winners.
Source
List of Manchester Intermediate Challenge Cup Winners.
"(Formerly Manchester Challenge Shield)"
Source
List of Manchester Premier Challenge Cup Winners.
"(Formerly Manchester Intermediate Challenge Cup)"
Source
List of Manchester Junior Cup Winners.
Source
List of Manchester Challenge Trophy Winners.
"(Formerly Manchester Junior Cup)"
Source
List of Manchester Amateur Cup Winners.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="20685937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685937" title="Yoake Station">
Yoake Station


</doc>
<doc id="20685949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685949" title="PFC Lokomotiv Sofia in European football">
PFC Lokomotiv Sofia in European football


</doc>
<doc id="20685950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685950" title="Henry Loftus, 1st Earl of Ely">
Henry Loftus, 1st Earl of Ely

Henry Loftus, 1st Earl of Ely KP, PC (Ire) (18 November 1709 – 8 May 1783), styled The Honourable from 1751 to 1769 and known as Henry Loftus, 4th Viscount Loftus from 1769 to 1771, was an Irish peer and politician. 
He served as High Sheriff of Wexford in 1744 and between 1747 and 1768 represented Bannow in the Irish House of Commons. Subsequently Loftus sat for Wexford County until 1769, when he succeeded his nephew as viscount. Loftus was created Earl of Ely in 1771 and was appointed a Knight Founder of the Order of St Patrick on 11 March 1783.

</doc>
<doc id="20685951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685951" title="Lego Models">
Lego Models

Lego is a set of toys made by the Lego Group. Lego has models for kids that are as young as one year old and up. Lego are similar to puzzles, except you have instructions. Here are Lego Models that are higher ranked and are in order of rank (starting with 2nd place).
Lego Bionicle.
"Lego Bionicle" is one of the most popular Lego Model sets Lego Bionicle allows you to make your own sci-fi armies etc. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Bionicle comes with instructions.
Lego Bionicle Mistika.
The Lego Bonicle Mistika sets allow you to create your own set of good and bad creatures.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Bionicle Phantoka.
The Lego Bonicle Phantoka sets allow you to create your own set of good and bad creatures.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Bionicle Matoran.
The Lego Bonicle Matoran sets allow you to create your own set of mini good and bad creatures.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Bionicle Vehicles.
The Lego Bonicle Vehicles sets allow you to create your own set of flying good and bad creatures.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Bionicle Warriors.
The Lego Bonicle Warrior sets allow you to create your own set of good and bad creatures.
Here is a table listing all the models:
Lego City.
"Lego City" is one of the newer model sets which allows you to make your very own 3D city out of legos. Unlike some other sets Lego City allows you to make buildings that appear real with colors that are on real life buildings. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego City comes with instructions.==
Lego City Police.
The Lego City police sets allow you to create your own criminal justice system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Fire.
The Lego City fire sets allow you to create your own fire rescue system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Emergency.
The Lego City medical sets allow you to create your own medical system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Airport.
The Lego City airport sets allow you to create your own airtravel system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Cargo.
The Lego City cargo sets allow you to create your own mail system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Construction.
The Lego City construction sets allow you to create your own construction site(s).
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Coast Guard.
The Lego City coast guard sets allow you to create your own ocean rescue system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Train.
The Lego City train sets allow you to create your own train travel system.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego City Services.
The Lego City services allow you to create your own travel and city cleaning services.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Star Wars.
"Lego Star Wars" is one of the older model sets but includes a lot of newer sets. Lego Star Wars allows you to make your very own 3D starfleet out of legos. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Star Wars comes with instructions.
Lego Star Wars Clone Wars.
The Lego Star Wars Clone War sets allow you to create your own Lego Star Wars Clone Wars movie (without the camera).
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Star Wars Episodes I-VI.
The Lego Star Wars Episodes I-VI sets allow you to create your own Lego Star Wars Galaxy.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Star Wars Exclusive.
The Lego Star Wars Exclusive sets allow you to top off your own Lego Star Wars Galaxy.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Racers.
"Lego Racers" is one of the older model sets but includes a lot of newer sets. Lego Star Wars allows you to make your very own 3D starfleet out of legos. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Star Wars comes with instructions.
Lego Speed Racer.
The Lego Racers Speed Racer sets allow you to create your own Lego Speed Racer race.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Racers Tini Turbo.
The Lego Racers Tini Turbo sets allow you to create your own street races.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Racers Power Racers.
The Lego Racers Power Racers sets allow you to create your own races in the country.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Racers Ferrari.
The Lego Racers Ferrari sets allow you to create your own Ferrari races.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Agents.
"Lego Agents" is one of the model sets which allows you to be a spy. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Agents comes with instructions.
Lego Agents.
The Lego Agents sets allow you to create your own fight against Dr. Inferno.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Indiana Jones.
"Lego Indiana Jones" is one of the sets that allow you to be an explorer. Lego Indiana Jones allows you to make your very own 3D Jungles out of legos. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Indiana Jones comes with instructions.
Lego Indiana Jones.
The Lego Indiana Jones sets allow you to create your own Lego awesome exploration masterpieces.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego SpongeBob.
"Lego SpongeBob" is a Lego set that allows you to make your own 3D Lego Cartoon. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego SpongeBob comes with instructions.
Models.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Creator.
"Lego Creator" is one of the most popular older Lego model sets. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Creator comes with instructions.
Lego Creator Vehicles.
The Lego Creator vehicle sets allow you to make cars, boats, planes, and more.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Creator Structures.
The Lego Creator structure sets allow you to make houses and a ferris wheel.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Creator Creatures.
The Lego Creator creature sets allow you to make prehistoric dinosouars and creepy crawlers.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Creator Power Functions.
The Lego Creator power function sets allow you to make non-moving creations move.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):
Lego Castle.
"Lego Castle" is one of the sets that allows you to attack and defend castles. The cost range for these sets range from $5 (in U.S. currency) to around $125 (in U.S. currency). Like most other Lego models, Lego Star Castle comes with instructions.
Lego Castle.
The Lego Castle sets allow you to create your own Lego Castles.
Here is a table listing all the models (as of December 2008):

</doc>
<doc id="20685964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685964" title="Richard Topus">
Richard Topus

Richard Topus (1924–2008) was an American pigeon enthusiast and business executive. During World War II he trained war pigeons for the United States Army.
Biography.
Topus was born in Brooklyn, New York on March 15, 1924. He grew up in Flatbush where he fell in love with pigeons at an early age and befriended several local pigeon handlers who taught him to handle the birds. In 1942 he enlisted in the United States Army Signal Corps as a pigeoneer. He was stationed at Camp Ritchie in Maryland - one of several camps where birds were raised and trained for use as messengers.
After the war Topus earned a master degree from Hofstra University. In the late 50's he joined Friendship Food Products, a dairy company based in Maspeth, Queens (which would later become Friendship Dairies, a subsidiary of Dean Foods), eventually rising to the position of executive vice president for sales and marketing. In 1948 he married Jacqueline Buehler.
After leaving Friendship Food Products he taught marketing at Long Island University and then at the State University of New York in the 60's and early 70's. After retiring to Scottsdale he taught at Arizona State University and worked as a securities arbitrator.
He died at the age of 84 on December 5, 2008 in Scottsdale, Arizona of kidney failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20685965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685965" title="Sean Simpson (footballer)">
Sean Simpson (footballer)

Sean Simpson (born 16 April 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
Simpson started his career at St Kilda, after being recruited from East Ballarat, but had to wait until his third season he play in a win. After being delisted he was picked up by a much stronger side in Geelong and went on to appear in 10 finals with the club, including the 1992 AFL Grand Final loss. His first year at Geelong was a good won as he gained two 'Best on Ground's at the Brownlow Medal count. He played mostly on the wing or as a tagger.

</doc>
<doc id="20685970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685970" title="James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Clanbrassil">
James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Clanbrassil

James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Clanbrassil KP PC (I) (23 August 1730 – 6 February 1798) was an Irish peer, styled Viscount Limerick from 1756 to 1758.
He served as High Sheriff of Louth in 1757. He became Earl of Clanbrassil in 1758 on the death of James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Clanbrassil and was appointed a Knight Founder of the Order of St Patrick on 11 March 1783.

</doc>
<doc id="20685972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20685972" title="Guanadrel">
Guanadrel

Guanadrel is an antihypertensive agent. It is used in the form of its sulfate.
Mechanism of action.
Guanadrel is a postganglionic adrenergic blocking agent. Uptake of guanadrel and storage in sympathetic neurons occurs via the norepinephrine pump; guanadrel slowly displaces norepinephrine from its storage in nerve endings and thereby blocks the release of norepinephrine normally produced by nerve stimulation. The reduction in neurotransmitter release in response to sympathetic nerve stimulation, as a result of catecholamine depletion, leads to reduced arteriolar vasoconstriction, especially the reflex increase in sympathetic tone that occurs with a change in position. Guanadrel is rapidly and well absorbed from gastrointestinal tract.
In 1981 the JAMA reported guanadrel as an effective step II or step III treatment of hypertension. 
Chemistry.
Guanadrel, (1,4-dioxaspirois synthesized when cyclohexanone undergoes ketalization by 3-chloro-1,2-propanediol, forming 2-chloromethyl-1,4-dioxyspiro[4,5decane, which is further reacted with sodium phthalimide. After alkaline hydrazinolysis, the resulting phthalimide derivative is transformed into 2-aminomethyl-1,4-dioxyspiro[4,5]decane, which is reacted with S-methylthiourea, giving the desired guanadrel.

</doc>
<doc id="20686017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20686017" title="Herfra til evigheten">
Herfra til evigheten

Herfra til evigheten (English: 'From Here to Eternity') was a Norwegian spiritual TV series which was shown on NRK1 in summer 2002, presented by Kjell Erik Moen. In the show, Moen and photographer Jon Anton Brekne travelled around the world, including in Norway, to find Norwegians who are interested in different things in life. 
The series premiered on NRK on 13 January 2002 and was shown on Sundays at 22:30.
In the course of the 8 programmes, Uganda, India, Bolivia, Chicago, Thailand, Mozambique, Oslo and Lista were visited. Mostly, the show dealt with people who had sold their land and property and moved to the other side of the world for ideological reasons. 
The show got good reviews, and was repeated in summer 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="20686021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20686021" title="William Fortescue, 1st Earl of Clermont">
William Fortescue, 1st Earl of Clermont

William Henry Fortescue, 1st Earl of Clermont KP (5 August 1722 – 30 September 1806) was an Irish peer and politician. 
He served as High Sheriff of Louth in 1746. He became Earl of Clermont in 1777 and was appointed a Knight Founder of the Order of St Patrick on 30 March 1795. He represented Louth in the Irish House of Commons from 1745 to 1761 and subsequently Monaghan Borough until 1771. Between 1768 and 1769, he sat also as Member of Parliament for Dundalk.

</doc>
<doc id="20686024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20686024" title="Max Eyth">
Max Eyth

He was born in Kirchheim unter Teck to Edward Eyth (1809–1884) a teacher of Greek and history at an evangelical seminar and his wife Julie. He lived from 1841 to 1852 in Schöntal Abbey and began classes at Stuttgart University in 1852 where he studied mechanical engineering.
Max Eyth founded the German Agricultural Society (DLG) in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="20686026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20686026" title="Billy James Pettis">
Billy James Pettis

Billy James Pettis (1913 – 14 April 1979), was an American mathematician, known for his contributions to functional analysis.

</doc>
