<doc id="20580326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580326" title="Handball Union of Russia">
Handball Union of Russia

The Handball Union of Russia () commonly known by its acronym, HUR, is the national governing body of handball in Russia. Its headquarters are in Moscow, Russia, and its current president is Vladimir Maksimov. HUR is responsible for the organization and governance of handball's major local championships in Russia, most notably the Russian Handball Super League (Russian: Чемпионат России Супер Лига), held since 1992.
History.
In 1989 was held the first Constituent Conference of the Handball Union of Russia with participation of 32 collective members. As the General Director of the Union was elected Mr. Vladimir Salmanovich Maksimov, the Olympic Champion of 1976, the USSR Merited Master of Sport, the Merited Coach of the USSR and of the RSFSR.
In March 1992 in Volgograd was held the second Conference of the Handball Union of Russia where the authorities of Union were elected. As the first President of the Union was elected Mr. Alexander Borisovich Kozhukhov, USSR Merited Master of Sport, Merited Coach of the USSR. As the General Director and Vice-President was elected again Mr. Vladimir Salmanovich Maksimov. As the Vice-President Mr. Yuri Fedorovich Reznikov, the Honorary Master of Sport of the USSR. As the General Secretary Mr. Boris Nikolaevich Makarov.
The same year (1992), as the right successor of the former USSR Handball Federation, the Handball Union of Russia had become the equal member of the International Handball Federation (IHF) and of the European Handball Federation (EHF).
And since that formation date the Handball Union of Russia hold annual tournaments and championships of Russia.
Since 1993 Russia entered the national teams for participation at the Olympic Games, World and European Championships.
Competitions.
The Handball Union of Russia conducts two competitions for both Men and Women teams:
Ranking.
In accordance with the ranking of the IHF and EHF, the Handball Union of Russia had the following places by the participation results of all national teams at the Olympic Games, the World and European Championships, namely:
Honorary President of the HUR.
"See: Alexander Borisovich Kozhukhov"
Awards.
Hans Baumann Trophy.
The Handball Union of Russia was awarded with the highest order of the International Handball Federation (IHF) – Hans Baumann Trophy for the great contribution to the world development of this sport. The awarding with the Trophey was held during the IHF XXIX Ordinary Congress in Saint Petersburg by the IHF President Dr. Hassan Moustafa and the IHF General Director Mr. Raymond Hahn. The trophy of Hans Baumann, the second President of IHF, who headed the world handball from 1950 up to 1971, is awarded since 1972 each two years. The Russian handball was awarded the trophy for the first time.
The Trophy is kept at the head-office of the Handball Union of Russia, together with five prizes of the European Handball Federation as the best country by sports results.
Best Handballers of Russia in the 20th century.
In 2001, the congress as well as the members of the executive committee of the Handball Union of Russia named the best Russian handballers of the 20th century. The voting results were:
75-Year anniversary of Russian handball.
In 2003, the Handball Union of Russia celebrated the 75-Year Anniversary of Russian Handball. In many regions of Russia there were held special events to celebrate the jubilee. As the final chord was the organization of the match for men teams Russia national handball team and the World Selection.
It is for the first time that such an imposing event is held in Russia, and for the whole history of the International Handball Federation (since 1948) it is the twentieth, where the World Selection took part. The International Handball Federation had awarded the Handball Union of Russia with such an event for the merits of the national handball and the authority of the Russian handball in the world.
International Handball Federation during the match was represented by: President: Dr. Hassan Moustafa, Secretary General: Raymond Hahn, Executive Director: Frank Birkefeld, Adidas Representative: Sascha Janzen, Secretary: Jose Martin

</doc>
<doc id="20580328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580328" title="Tamworth state by-election, 2001">
Tamworth state by-election, 2001

A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Tamworth on December 8, 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="20580334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580334" title="Hatice Sultan Palace">
Hatice Sultan Palace

The Hatice Sultan Palace (), a historical yalı () located at Bosporus in Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey and named after its original owner Hatice Sultan, is used today as a water sports club's building.
The residence at Defterdarburnu (Defterdar Point) in Ortaköy was used as an orphanage and later as a primary school after the Ottoman dynasty was exiled following the foundation of the Turkish Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20580337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580337" title="New Year's Evil (Nancy Drew/Hardy Boys)">
New Year's Evil (Nancy Drew/Hardy Boys)

New Year's Evil is a Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys Supermystery novel.
Nancy and the two brothers head out to Quebec City, Canada, Nancy being interested in a set for Dangerous Loves, a show with romance and thriller elements, experiencing sabotage, and the brothers curious as to why a champion ice racing player, Andre Junot, died in the ice during the Winter Carnival. Nancy and the Hardys team up to find the culprit, with the list of suspects including a photographer, a TV star, and the true murderer.

</doc>
<doc id="20580354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580354" title="Adhemar de Barros">
Adhemar de Barros

Adhemar Pereira de Barros (22 April 1901 – 12 March 1969) was the mayor of São Paulo (1957–1961), and twice elected Governor of São Paulo (1947-1951 & 1963-1966). 
Barros was born in Piracicaba, Brazil. He was the federal interventor in the state of São Paulo nominated by Brazilian dictator Getúlio Vargas, serving between 1938 and 1941. Following the re-democratization, he was elected Governor of São Paulo with a large margin in the 1947 elections, relying on a large coalition which included working-class support. Known to be a populist, he built a strong electoral machine, the Social Progressive Party (PSP), which dominated state politics until 1964. He was accused of being corrupt, but he was responsible for advances in social legislation and infrastructure: his candid supporters said ""rouba mas faz"" (he steals but he gets things done). He did not run for re-election in 1950, and was defeated by Jânio Quadros in 1954, before winning in 1962. 
After having lent support to Getúlio Vargas in 1950, he ran for President in his own right in 1955 and 1960. In the latter election he was placed third behind the eventual winner, Jânio Quadros who defeated him in the 1954 gubernatorial election by less than 1%. He died, aged 67, in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20580355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580355" title="Mekteb-i Aşiret-i Humayun">
Mekteb-i Aşiret-i Humayun

Mekteb-i Aşiret-i Humayun (Imperial Tribal School) was an Istanbul school founded in 1892 by Abdulhamid II to promote the integration of tribes into the Ottoman empire through education.
The curriculum was heavily biased towards the teaching of religion, and it also had a strong emphasis on students learning the Turkish language.
After graduation, students were expected to continue education at Mekteb-i Sultani (Imperial High School) and then at Mekteb-i Mulkiye (School of Civil Administration), in order to be able to serve the empire in their native region.
Initially only the sons of the Arab sheikhs and notables were permitted to enroll, however later Kurds were permitted to enrol, and after petitioning by Albanian notables, in 1902 an imperial decree resulted in the enrollment of twenty students from the Albanian cities of Debree, Elbasan, and Yanya.
The school was closed in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20580369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580369" title="High Survival">
High Survival

High Survival is a Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys Supermystery novel.
Frank, Nancy, and Joe head out to Wyoming to brave the Rocky Mountains, and the open wilderness. But Nancy becomes suspicious of all the "accidents" that have been going on in their perilous trek, and calls to the Hardys for help. The brothers respond with bad news, the trek being an open target for a local mob, a crime syndicate, and an inside man. Now, the Hardys and Nancy must work together to get the participants of the trek to safety. 

</doc>
<doc id="20580372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580372" title="Well Chief">
Well Chief

Well Chief is a race horse currently trained in Britain by David Pipe and owned by David Johnson.
Early life.
He started his racing career as a Flat horse in Germany trained by Ralf Suerland and made his debut in a Listed race at Dortmund, which he won. He went on to have 3 more starts for the trainers, 2 of those in Group 3 class and the other in Group 2 class, where he finished 6th, 9th and 7th respectively.
Owner Change.
Well Chief was then bought by David Johnson, and sent to England to be trained by Martin Pipe. He made his British debut in a maiden hurdle at Taunton in February 2003, where he won by an encouraging 5 lengths. He was immediately stepped up in class later that month and he took the step up in his stride as went on to win the Grade 2 Adonis Juvenile Hurdle at Kempton. In his next start, which was still only his third over hurdles, Well Chief contested the Triumph Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival, where he was denied by only a head when finishing 2nd to Spectroscope. In his final race of the season, he was sent off a warm 2/1 favourite for the Grade 1 4-Y-O Novices' Hurdle at Aintree in April, but could only finish a 2½ length 3rd to 33/1 winner, Le Duc.
History.
He made his seasonal reappearance the following season (2003/04) in the Elite Hurdle in November, where Well Chief won by just under 2 lengths, and in the process shaved 0.2 seconds of the course record which had stood for nearly 9 years. After winning the Gerry Feilden hurdle later that month, Well Chief embarked on a novice chasing campaign in February 2004. After winning a Novices Chase at Taunton, he was stepped straight up to Grade 1 class at the Cheltenham Festival, where he was sent off a 9/1 shot for the Arkle Challenge Trophy, which he won by a length from Kicking King. He followed that up with another victory in the Maghull Novices' Chase, which was his final appearance of that season. 
He reappeared in 2004/05 season in a Handicap Chase at Chleltenham in November, where he finished a head 2nd to Armaturk. He then went on to contest the Tingle Creek Chase at Sandown, in what turned out to be one of the greatest ever races, he finished 1½ length 3rd to the great Moscow Flyer, with Azertyuiop finishing 2nd. After that run, he was sent off a warm odds on favourite for the Castleford Chase at Wetherby, in which he was travelling supremely well and poised to make his move when he fell at the fourth last fence. He resumed winning ways in his next race with a victory in the Victor Chandler Chase. He ran very well in his next 2 runs, firstly finishing 2nd to Azertyuiop in the Game Spirit Chase and then filling the same spot behind Moscow Flyer in the Queen Mother Champion Chase. he then deservedly got his head in front in the Celebration Chase at Sandown in April, where he beat old rival Azertyuiop.
Injury.
Well Chief then suffered a severe leg injury, which kept him out for nearly 2 years. But he came back from the injury in the 2007 Game Spirit Chase, where he was sent off the 5/2 2nd favourite behind Ashley Brook. After nearly 2 years of the track he put in a superb performance to beat the favourite by 11 lengths, and was sent off the Evens favourite for the Queen Mother Champion Chase on his next start, but fell early on in the race, which was eventually won by Voy Por Ustedes. He then had one more run, where he returned to Aintree, where he was sent off an odds on favourite for the Melling Chase, but could only finish 3rd behind Monet's Garden.
Well Chief returned to action in the Queen Mother Champion Chase at the 2009 Cheltenham Festival finishing second behind Master Minded.

</doc>
<doc id="20580385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580385" title="Yarloop Workshops">
Yarloop Workshops

The Yarloop Workshops are situated in the town of Yarloop Western Australia, where they operated from 1901 to 1978. Originally built by Millers on the site of the first timber mill in the area, the operations expanded to become the support facility for Millers' 26 timber mills and the rail network that connected them. The workshops hand-crafted most of the parts necessary to maintain the equipment rather than experience delays in obtaining parts from the United Kingdom. After suffering extensive damage from Cyclone Alby in 1978, Millers moved their operation to a site just outside the town on the South Western Highway. The site then changed ownership a number of times until it was brought by Bunnings in 1983.
History.
In 1895 Miller brothers built a timber mill (?) on the site and as production increased the need to maintain equipment meant that the place was expanded to incorporate the various machinery workshops until 1901 when the site sole function was for the maintenance of Millers equipment. During both World War I and World War II the workshops were converted to manufacture armaments. In the 1930s the timber industry in the region peaked with Millers operating 26 saw mills and an extensive private railway system to support the mills. The workshops became the centre of the operations employing in excess of 100 people, the workshops included a foundry making the parts as necessary, as part of this an extensive collect of wooden patterns were made and are still retained on site in the workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="20580403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580403" title="National Council of Churches in India">
National Council of Churches in India

National Council of Churches in India or NCCI is an ecumenical organisation of the Protestant and Orthodox Churches in India. NCCI is a member of ACT Development, a global alliance of churches and related agencies. 
The organisation is considered to be fairly liberal, adopting a relatively tolerant position on homosexuality, which it considers "a natural or genetical reality". 

</doc>
<doc id="20580405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580405" title="Balsamorhiza sericea">
Balsamorhiza sericea

Balsamorhiza sericea is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the plant family Asteraceae known by the common name silky balsamroot. It is native to the Klamath Mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in rocky areas, sometimes on serpentine soils. 
Description.
"Balsamorhiza sericea" is a taprooted perennial herb growing erect 20 to 40 centimeters tall. The leaves are mostly located at the base of the plant. They are vaguely fernlike, with each leaf being composed of many pairs of oppositely-arranged lobes. Each lobe is oval in shape and coated in silvery hairs. 
The inflorescence bears a single flower head with a center of yellow disc florets and a fringe of yellow ray florets each 2 or 3 centimeters long. The fruit is an achene just over half a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="20580409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580409" title="Lacedaemon (mythology)">
Lacedaemon (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Lacedaemon was a king of Laconia and son of the chief god Zeus and the Pleaid Taygete. He was a father of King Amyclas of Sparta and Queen Eurydice of Argos, by Princess Sparta, the daughter of King Eurotas. 
Eurotas bequeathed the kingdom to Lacedaemon, who then renamed the state after his wife, who was also his niece. 
According to Pseudo-Plutarch, Taygete was a wife of Lacedaemon. Their son was named Himerus.

</doc>
<doc id="20580421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580421" title="Round Lake (Michigan)">
Round Lake (Michigan)

Round Lake is a lake that is located mostly in Delta County, Michigan with a little portion in Alger county in the Hiawatha National Forest. Other nearby lakes include Lake Stella, Stoner Lake, West Branch Lake, Hugaboom Lake, Blue Lake, Ironjaw Lake, Ostrander Lake, Corner-Straits Chain and Toms Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20580428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580428" title="Mestor">
Mestor

In Greek mythology, Mestor (Μήστωρ) was the name of four men.

</doc>
<doc id="20580451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580451" title="Harling, Norfolk">
Harling, Norfolk

Harling, Norfolk is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 2,201 in 932 households as of the
2001 census
For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of Breckland.
The principal settlement in the parish is the village of East Harling, other settlements include Harling Road centred on Harling Road railway station, Middle Harling and West Harling.

</doc>
<doc id="20580480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580480" title="Barbarea orthoceras">
Barbarea orthoceras

Barbarea orthoceras is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name American yellowrocket. It is native to North America, including much of Canada and the western United States, as well as parts of Asia. It grows in moist areas such as meadows and riverbanks. This is a perennial herb producing a stiff, branching stem to heights between 10 and 60 centimeters. The leaves are a few centimeters long and generally oval in shape with several rounded lobes toward the end. The inflorescence is a spike or cluster of bright yellow flowers at the tip of each stem branch. The fruit is a straight, narrow silique up to 5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20580485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580485" title="The &quot;Civil War&quot; EP">
The &quot;Civil War&quot; EP

The "Civil War" EP (better known as simply Civil War) is the third extended play by Guns N' Roses, released on May 24, 1993. It is named after the song of the same name. The EP is a compilation EP, departing from the band's previous two live-style EPs. Included are songs from both "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II" and an exclusive interview with (then) band member Slash.
Artwork.
The front cover to the EP is black. Each copy was individually numbered. On the actual case of the CD, the silver words "Guns N' Roses" were stuck on. The EP-style case even features a flap advertisement in the "booklet", with one side advertising the band's gig at Milton Keynes, England, and the other side advertises the band's video single for "Garden of Eden".

</doc>
<doc id="20580497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580497" title="Auburn state by-election, 2001">
Auburn state by-election, 2001

A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Auburn on September 8, 2001. 
 

</doc>
<doc id="20580512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580512" title="Herman Rosse">
Herman Rosse

Hermann Rosse (1 January 1887 – 13 April 1965) was a Dutch-born American art director. He won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the film "King of Jazz".
He was born in The Hague, Netherlands and died in Nyack, New York. Herman was the second child of Carel Rosse (8 March 1857 at Kassevitz - ?) and Jacoba, Susanna de Haan. The elder sister of Herman, Bertha, Suzanna (SUZE) Rosse (The Hague, 1 September 1884 - 17 April 1968) became a well known Dutch painter.
Hermann Rosse studied architecture and design at the Royal College of Art, London, and after a period of travel in Asia also attended Stanford University, where he earned his B.A. From 1911 to 1913 he produced most of the decorative interior
designs – including paintings, stained glass, tiles, and marquetry – for the Peace Palace at The Hague; and while working there he met his future wife, Sophia Helena Luyt (1891–1982), a landscape architect who was responsible for the design of the formal gardens. Together they moved to California, where Rosse was commissioned to design decorations for the Netherlands pavilion at the 1915 Panama-Pacific Exposition in San Francisco. There he also made his first set and costume designs for theatre. In 1918 he moved to Illinois, where he had accepted an appointment to head the Design Department of the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. In addition to teaching, he took private commissions for interiors, fabric design, and book illustrations, and made further designs for the stage in conjunction with Ben Hecht, Kenneth Macgowan, the Goodman Theater, and Mary Garden’s Chicago Grand Opera.
In 1923 Rosse moved with his family to New City in Rockland County, New York. He was already familiar with the New York theatre world, and now became more closely involved with drama, vaudeville, and musicals. In 1929 he went to Hollywood as Art
Director of John Murray Anderson’s film King of Jazz, starring Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra, for which Rosse’s imaginative and technically innovative designs earned him the Academy Award for Art Direction (now in the Chapin Library). For the next several years he continued to design for films, including the classics Frankenstein and The Emperor Jones, but also worked in theatre in
London and the Netherlands, taught as the Professor of Decorative Art at the Technische Hoogeschool in Delft, and designed Dutch pavilions at world’s fairs in Brussels, Paris, and New York. In 1948 Rosse was appointed Resident Stage designer at the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, New Jersey. He worked there for a dozen years, while also editing Chapter One, the newsletter of the
Greater New York chapter of the American National Theatre and Academy (ANTA). In 1949 he won a competition to design the Tony Award, the silver prototype of which is in the Chapin Library. Rosse died in Nyack, New York in April 1965. Since 1988 members of the Rosse family have donated books, manuscripts, paintings, drawings, prints, plans, photographs, documents, and memorabilia
concerning the work of Herman and Helena Rosse to Chapin Library, Williams College Williamstown, Massachusetts (USA).

</doc>
<doc id="20580529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580529" title="Michał Sołowow">
Michał Sołowow

Michał Sołowow (born July 11, 1962 in Kielce) is a Polish businessman and rally driver. He was the European vice-champion (2008), the vice-champion of Poland (2006), the European vice-champion (2006), and two-time vice-champion of Poland (2004, 2005).
His wealth is estimated at the over 6 bn złoty (in 2006 - 3.6 bn); he is one of the biggest Polish stock exchange investors. He is an important shareholder of the following companies: Synthos (chemical industry), Cersanit (sanitary ceramics and tiles), Echo Investment (development activity), and Barlinek (producer of floorboards).
In 2007, "Forbes" estimated his net worth at 2.3 billion US dollars.
Business Empire.
Michał Sołowow bought shares in chemical company Dwory and funded its expansion with debt, taking advantage of low interest rates at the time. He then diversified into ceramic tiles, wood floors and real estate. He gave up any management roles but is still an active investor on Warsaw Stock Exchange and lives in Maslow, a village on the borders of Kielce, Swietokrzyskie voivodship.
He is an important shareholder of the following companies:
- Synthos S.A. (chemical industry). One of the largest Polish chemical companies. It manufactures synthetic rubber and latex, styrene materials and vinyl dispersions.
- Cersanit S.A. - (sanitary ceramics and tiles). One of the largest and most dynamically growing companies in Poland and a nationwide leader in complex bathroom equipment, intensely expanding its range of export operations (the share of exports in total revenues from sales earned by the company exceeds 40%).
- Echo Investment (property development activity). The company conducts building projects for flats, offices, shopping centres, hotels, entertainment and also property management.
- Barlinek S.A. (producer of floorboards). One of the largest manufacturers of natural wooden flooring systems in the world, and the most recognizable brand of natural floors in Poland. Barlinek floorboards are exported to more than 30 countries on 3 continents. The company holds about a 65% share of the market in Polish flooring.
- Ultra Pack S.A. – Polish leader in production of corrugated board packagings.
- North Fish Polska Sp. z o.o. – a chain of restaurants offering fish and seafood.
He pulled out of launching a newspaper because of intense competition. He also merged Cersanit with Opoczno, the second-largest company in the ceramics sector. His companies invest in and acquire companies in several countries of the CEE region, including Russia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Lithuania, Ukraine and Romania.
Michał Sołowow’s funds, which invest in the futures market, currency market, and materials markets, manage the capital from stock exchange transactions. The funds are:
Magellan Pro-Equity Fund I S.A.;
Columbus Pro-Equity Fund II Sp. z o.o.;
Amundsen Pro-Equity Fund III Sp. z o.o.;
Barco Pro-Equity Fund Sp. z o.o.

</doc>
<doc id="20580531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580531" title="Løgumkloster Municipality">
Løgumkloster Municipality

Løgumkloster Municipality named for the town Løgumkloster, existed until 1 January 2007, covering an area of 200 km² and with a total population of 6,846 (2005). Its last mayor was Kaj Armann, a member of the Venstre (Liberal Party) political party. The municipality was created in 1970 as the result of a "kommunalreform" ("Municipality Reform") that combined a number of existing parishes:
Løgumkloster Municipality ceased to exist due to "Kommunalreformen" ("The Municipality Reform" of 2007). It was merged with Bredebro, Højer, Nørre-Rangstrup, Skærbæk, and Tønder municipalities to form an enlarged Tønder municipality. This created a municipality with an area of 1,352 km² and a total population of 42,645 (2005). 

</doc>
<doc id="20580542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580542" title="Jun Konno (voice actor)">
Jun Konno (voice actor)


</doc>
<doc id="20580546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580546" title="Fernando Flávio Marques de Almeida">
Fernando Flávio Marques de Almeida

Fernando Flávio Marques de Almeida (February 18, 1916 – August 2, 2013) was a Brazilian geologist considered to be one of the top Brazilians concerned with the study. Almeida did the central works to understand the South American geology. He is the son of the first Brazilian generation of geologists who did the pioneering papers of the continent's geology. Marques de Almeida is a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences.
Born in Rio de Janeiro in 1916. His parents were the lawyer Gerson de Almeida and Nair Marques de Almeida. He did his primary and secondary studies at the Gymnasium of São Bento in São Paulo state in which he spent most of his life. Finished junior high school did tender for the Polytechnic School of São Paulo, where he graduated in Civil Engineering in 1938. Had much influence on his future career Professor Dr. Luiz Flores de Moraes Rego, Professor of Mineralogy, Petrography and geology of this school. To finish the school year in which he attended a Chair, Professor Moraes Rego invited him to join as a student-assistant at the Institute for Technological Research. When graduating from became Assistant Professor Moraes Rego, prematurely deceased.
Remained at the Polytechnic School for 35 years, having made tender for Free-Teaching in 1957, with a thesis on the Geology and Petrology of the Archipelago of Fernando de Noronha, the Chair ruled when the professor Dr. Octavio Barbosa. With this dismissal, took the chair, which made for tender in 1962, with a thesis on the Trindade Island. Until 1969 been in part-time, which allowed him to join the National Department of Mineral Production for the contest in which he made 1956, having been dismissed in 1969 to take a full-time integral to teaching and research (RDIDP). He retired in 1994. In 1974 he was hired by the Institute of Geosciences, University of São Paulo, under RDIDP. In 1978 he left the University and joined the Technological Research Institute of São Paulo, from where ends walking away. He graduated from this institute between 1985 and 1990, which appointed by the Institute of Geosciences, State University of Campinas. During such a long life traveled almost all over the country, having published 176 scientific papers and book chapters in Brazil and abroad, dealing with various topics of Geosciences. It was one of the founders of the Brazilian Society of Geology and the first chief editor of the Journal of Geology. Held various positions scientific-technical and administrative and participated numerous conferences and other scientific national and international meetings .
Among the awards received are: Biography in Who's Who in the World of Marquis Who's Who Inc., Chicago (1971-1972), Vice-President of Géologique Société de France (1971); Medal Jose Bonifacio - Society Brazilian Geology (1964), Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit Scientific - President of the Republic of Brazil (1995), Doctor Honoris Causa State University of Campinas (1991), Medal of Merit Council Federal Engineering and Architecture (1995).
See also.
Aziz Ab'Saber, another Brazilian important geologist

</doc>
<doc id="20580557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580557" title="Spencer State Forest">
Spencer State Forest

Spencer State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest and recreation reserve located in the town of Spencer, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation. The 92 mile (148 km) Midstate Trail passes through the state forest. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts also conducts logging in some parts of the property. 
Geography.
Spencer State Forest is divided among three non-contiguous parcels. The most notable of these, located in south Spencer, is the Howe Pond parcel, an estate formerly belonging to Elias Howe, the inventor of the sewing machine.
The Howe family of Spencer did much to make the town famous in the annals of ingenious Americans. William Howe of Spencer developed a wooden truss bridge named for him, his brother, Tyler Howe, patented a spring bed. Their nephew, Elias Howe, Jr., may well have eclipsed them when he invented the lockstitch sewing machine. The Howe Pond parcel (historically referred to as Howe State Park) includes a mill pond and dam constructed by the inventor. Swimming, once permitted is not currently permitted in the pond; lifeguards are no longer present in season due to State DCR cutbacks. The Howe Pond parcel also includes picnic tables and outdoor grills. The public restrooms have been shuttered for a decade. It is located off Massachusetts Route 31 via Howe Pond Road. 
Spencer State Forest Friends Group--The Friends of Howe Park and Spencer State Forest are members of 
The Massachusetts Forest and Park Friends Network, an independent grassroots organization of volunteer "Friends" groups working together to better protect and enhance Massachusetts’ state forests, parks, and trails. http://www.networkingfriends.net/resources.html
Spencer State Forest Trails
The 92 mile Mid-State Trail is the longest trail marked by yellow triangles and extends from Douglas State Forest at the Massachusetts/Rhode Island border in the south to New Hampshire. In Spencer, it enters from Charlton via Four Chimneys Wildlife Area on Borkum Road traversing Spencer State Forest sections on East Charlton Road, Ash Street, then leads off-street through both private lands and the forest to R Jones Road where it crosses a primitive parking lot continuing on through Spencer's newly designated Sibley/Warner Farm conservation lands through to Route 9 near the Spencer/Leicester Line. 
The Mid-State Trail ties Spencer State Forest parcels, Moose Hill and Buck Hill Wildlife Management areas, Sugden Reservoir, Thompson and Browning Ponds, Camp Marshall 4H Camp, Treasure Valley Boy Scout reservation, Sampson's Pebble geological feature and leads into the town of Oakham. In Spencer, Mid-State trail parking is roadside at East Charlton and I Capen Roads and in the Buck Hill areas. 
The trail north of Route 9 through Moose Hill Wildlife Management Area crosses picturesque Moose Hill levy pond created in the 1960s for flood control. Ski enthusiast/historians will note the former 1960's era Moose Hill Ski area referenced which ferried skiers on a hay wagon, truck bed and primitive rope tow up to the top of Moose Hill above the levy area.
The upper section of Spencer State Forest is in northern Spencer, in the area of Turkey Hill Brook. 
A primitive lean-to for overnight campers is located on the property atop the 1,014 foot (309 m) drumlin Buck Hill. A parking lot is located off McCormick Road in Spencer. 
Areas comprising the Spencer State Forest and adjacent Wildlife Management Areas (WMA), Howe and Browning Ponds, Sugden Reservoir and the following entwined brooks present an outstanding array of water resources for serene intimate aquatic aficionado's enjoyment. 
Turkey Hill Brook flows from Paxton to Spencer in the northeast corner of town. "Dams were erected along the brook to power the wire mills that dotted this area, but the only remaining dam is the one that forms Thompson Pond. The brook joins the Seven Mile River northeast of Pine Grove Cemetery.
The Seven Mile River originates in Rutland and was dammed to form Browning Pond. It merges with Turkey Hill Brook and connects to the Quaboag River in East Brookfield. Seven miles from Brookfield, the river served as a landmark when Brookfield was the only settlement between Worcester and the Connecticut Valley.
Cranberry River flows from Charlton and was dammed to form Cranberry Meadow Pond in the southeast corner of town and dammed again to form Howe Pond at Howe State Park, joining the Seven Mile River near Route 9.
The overall geography includes hilly terrain, creeks, wetlands, and transitional oak-hickory to northern hardwood forest types.
The Depot Trail, Spencer's rail trail is a 2 ½‐mile walking trail along an abandoned railroad bed running from South Spencer Road to Chestnut Street, and connects into Spencer State Forest trails. There is lower section of Howe Pond with benches, fishing and portaged watercraft launching. Trail parking is adjacent to the railroad overpass parking on South Spencer Road.
The Spencer Snowbirds Snowmobile Club, a private organization formed in 1972, maintains a network of snowmobile trails throughout the town, crossing both public and private property. Trail riding permits, membership and landowner memberships are detailed at http://www.spencersnowbirds.com/phpweb/
Howe State Park originated as part of the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) legacy formed in 1933's height of the Great Depression, when newly inaugurated President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s first New Deal initiatives established the Emergency Conservation Work Act (ECW), popularly known as the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) and/or "Roosevelt's Tree Army."
Both an economic relief and conservation program, CCC provided jobs for unemployed young men and veterans to support their families, while focusing on improving the nation’s open space and recreational resources. The CCC program in Massachusetts (1933-1942), was concerned with improvement and development of state park resources. Approximately 68 camps enrolled nearly 100,000 men. The CCC touched both the lives of these enrollees and their families and left a lasting legacy of state forest improvements and recreational resources still evident today.
Massachusetts State Parks system was in its infancy when the CCC was established in 1933. Now, more than seventy-five years later, the work of the CCC still forms the cornerstones of the system as we know it today. 
Spencer State Forest, as many others, emerged from cut-over lands acquired for less than $5 per acre and largely inaccessible areas due to lack of roads and recreational facilities into being Spencer's community resource with beach, roads, trails, ponds, forest plantations and recreational facilities built by the CCC, and found in every region of the state. Currently the Howe Park area is mothballed.

</doc>
<doc id="20580568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580568" title="Ndolé">
Ndolé

Ndolé is the vegetable dish of Cameroon. The dish consists of a stew of nuts, ndoleh (bitter leaves indigenous to West Africa), and fish or beef.
The dish may also contain shrimps or prawns. It can be eaten with anything from rice to plantain to bobolo (a Cameroonian dish made of fermented ground manioc or cassava and wrap in leaves)

</doc>
<doc id="20580576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580576" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962

Yugoslavia was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, held in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, was held on 23 January at the TV Zagreb Studios in Zagreb.
There were 18 songs in the finals; TV Zagreb had its own semi-final in December 1961 to choose the 6 songs that it sent to the final. The winning song was chosen by the votes of 3 regional juries. Only a few of the participating songs are known.
The winning entry was "Ne pali svetla u sumrak," performed by Serbian singer Lola Novaković, composed by Jože Privšek and written by Dragutin Britvić.
At Eurovision.
Lola Novaković performed 12th on the night of the Contest following Switzerland and preceding United Kingdom. At the close of the voting the song had received 10 points, placing 4th equal in a field of 16 competing countries. She previously came 3rd in the 1961 Yugoslav Final.

</doc>
<doc id="20580583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580583" title="Hanna Pakarinen discography">
Hanna Pakarinen discography

The following is a complete discography of every album and single released by Finnish pop/pop rock music artist Hanna Pakarinen.

</doc>
<doc id="20580603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580603" title="Satan Never Sleeps">
Satan Never Sleeps

Satan Never Sleeps also known as The Devil Never Sleeps is a 1962 film directed by Leo McCarey (his final film, in which he returned to the religious themes of his classics "Going My Way" (1944) and "The Bells of St. Mary's" (1945)). It is about a priest, Father O'Banion (William Holden), who arrives at a mission-post in China accompanied by a young native girl, Siu Lan (France Nuyen), who has joined him along the way. His job is to relieve the incumbent priest Father Bovard (Clifton Webb), who is now too old and weak to continue with the upkeep of the church. However, Mao's 1949 Communist soldiers, who arrive at the mission before Bovard can depart, seize it as a command post. Their leader, Ho San (Weaver Lee), rapes the native girl and impregnates her, only later to realise that Communism is no good for him. In the end, the foursome flee to the border, but are pursued by Communist forces along the way.
Plot.
In 1949 Catholic priests O'Banion (William Holden) and Bovard (Clifton Webb) are constantly harassed by the Communist People's Party at their remote mission outpost in China. Adding to Father O'Banion's troubles is the mission's cook, Siu Lan (France Nuyen), an attractive Chinese girl who makes no secret of her love for him. 
Under the leadership of Ho San (Weaver Lee), the Communists wreck the mission dispensary and desecrate the chapel. Ho San straps O'Banion to a chair and rapes Siu Lan; later, when she gives birth to a son, Ho San displays paternal pride but refuses to stop persecuting the priests. 
Only after the villagers revolt and his superiors order the killing of all Christians, including his parents, does Ho San become convinced that Communism will never solve China's problems. He decides to smuggle Siu Lan, his son, and the two priests out of the compound, but their journey is halted within a few miles of freedom by a helicopter sent to prevent Ho San's defection. Before he can be restrained, the aged Father Bovard dons Ho San's military cap and coat and drives away in the colonel's car. He dies in a spray of bullets from the helicopter, but his sacrifice enables the others to escape. Later, at mission headquarters in Hong Kong, O'Banion officiates at the wedding of Siu Lan and Ho San and baptizes their child.
Production.
The film was based on an original screenplay by Pearl S. Buck called '"China Story" which had been sold to 20th Century Fox. In 1950 Hal Wallis acquired it then in 1960 it came to Leo McCarey. Father O'Banion was meant to die at the end but William Holden refused so the ending was changed. The movie was shot in England and Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20580626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580626" title="Kajiado Central Constituency">
Kajiado Central Constituency

Kajiado Central Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kajiado District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20580635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580635" title="How Many Votes Fix Mix EP">
How Many Votes Fix Mix EP

How Many Votes Fix Mix is the second EP released in 2008 by the musician M.I.A. (see 2008 in music). It was released on October 28, 2008 by XL Recordings/Interscope Records and made available on iTunes. It received a full release on November 4, 2008. Previously unheard track "Shells" was released with a new version of track "Boyz" with Jay-Z and "Far Far" from M.I.A.'s second album "Kala."

</doc>
<doc id="20580676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580676" title="Dick Hahn">
Dick Hahn

Richard Frederick "Dick" Hahn (July 24, 1916 – November 5, 1992) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Hahn played for the Washington Senators in . In one career game, he had three career at-bats and did not get a hit.
Hahn was born in Canton, Ohio and died in Orlando, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20580693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580693" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1961

Yugoslavia was present for the first time at the Eurovision Song Contest 1961, held in Cannes, France.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, was held on 16 February at the Slovene National Theatre Drama in Ljubljana. There were 9 songs in the finals and the winner was chosen by the votes of 3 regional juries, however only 7 of the song titles are known. The winning entry was "Neke davne zvezde", performed by Serbian singer Ljiljana Petrović, composed by Jože Privšek and written by Miroslav Antić.
At Eurovision.
Ljiljana Petrović performed 5th on the night of the Contest following Finland and preceding Netherlands. At the close of the voting the song had received 9 points, placing 8th equal in a field of 16 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20580700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580700" title="Mahonia fremontii">
Mahonia fremontii

Mahonia fremontii (syn. "Berberis fremontii") is a species of barberry known by the common name Frémont's mahonia (after John C. Frémont). 
Distribution.
"Mahonia fremontii" is native to California and the southwestern United States and parts of Northwest Mexico, where it grows in chaparral and other open habitat. 
Description.
"Mahonia fremontii" is an erect evergreen shrub growing up to 4.5 meters tall. The leaves are several centimeters long and are made up of several holly-leaf-shaped leaflets, each about 2 centimeters long and edged with spiny teeth. The leaves are purplish when new, green when mature, and greenish blue when aged. 
The abundant inflorescences each bear 8 to 12 bright yellow flowers, blooming generally in the spring but sometimes in the fall. Each flower is made up of nine sepals and six petals all arranged in whorls of three. The fruit is a berry up to 1.5 centimeters wide, ranging in color from yellowish to purple to nearly black.
Uses.
The Zuni people use the crushed berries as a purple coloring for the skin and for objects employed in ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="20580702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580702" title="Spread (film)">
Spread (film)

Spread is a 2009 comedy-drama film starring Ashton Kutcher and Anne Heche and directed by David Mackenzie. The film was released under the name "L.A. Gigolo" in Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden, as "Toy Boy" in France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands, "Oh yeah" in Argentina, as "American Playboy" in Spain and Portugal, "Jogando com Prazer" in Brazil, "Love, Sex and Celebrity" in Japan, and "S-Lover" in South Korea. The film was released on January 17 at the Sundance Film Festival and was released on August 14, 2009 in North American theatres.
Plot.
Narcissistic gigolo Nikki (Ashton Kutcher) lives in Los Angeles, drifting from one relationship to another without a steady job or even a place to live. He preys on women who can provide for him. After meeting Samantha (Anne Heche) at a club he moves in with her, using his looks and sexual prowess to keep her happy.
Before long, however, Nikki starts cheating on Sam, first with his friend Emily (Rachel Blanchard), then with Christina (Sonia Rockwell), whom he met at another party. Emily disapproves of Nikki's free-wheeling lifestyle and has expressed a desire for a relationship, but Nikki has no real interest in her except for sex. Samantha catches Nikki with Christina, but they come to an uneasy arrangement where she will ignore his infidelity.
While Sam is out of town, Nikki meets a waitress named Heather (Margarita Levieva). He enlists his friend Harry (Sebastian Stan) to help him get Heather interested, but she doesn't fall for his charms. Although he eventually gets a date with her, she abandons him afterwards. Soon after, Heather unexpectedly shows up in Nikki's pool and they end up having sex. However, the next morning Nikki is moving Heather's car and realizes it doesn't belong to her but to her "boyfriend", after she told him she was single; Nikki throws her out in anger. However, he can't stop thinking about her, and his obsession frustrates Samantha to the point that she gets fed up and throws him out.
Nikki searches for a place to stay, but has a fall out with Harry and cannot get into the parties he once did. He runs into Heather at a swanky hotel, and she admits that she was only interested in him for his house, believing him to be rich. It transpires that she is the same as Nikki, scamming rich men for money in the same way he does with women. She lets him move in with her and her stoner room-mate Eva (Ashley Johnson) and they begin dating, though Heather continues to scam and hustle, with some reluctant assistance from Nikki.
One day, an upset Heather reveals to Nikki that she just broke up with her fiancé because she's in love with him (Nikki). She further tells him her fiancé's family owns the New York Rangers and that he's the one who's been paying her bills and living expenses. Nikki, who has also fallen in love with Heather, is nonetheless angry that she kept her engagement from him, and leaves the house in a huff. When he returns he only finds a note that says she has left for New York City. At Eva's urging and with Harry paying for the airfare, Nikki follows her. He finds her at a plush penthouse and begs her to come back to LA with him. She refuses, telling him she can't afford to let him chase his fantasies around while she runs down the funds they would need to live. He then proposes to her, but she tells him that she is already married, breaking his heart. When told about divorce, Heather says that she can't, because she needs the luxuries and high expenses. Her husband (Hart Bochner) returns home and Heather passes Nikki off as a grocery boy, dismissing him.
Nikki returns to LA, getting an honest job delivering groceries and living with Harry. He delivers groceries to Samantha's house, where they're picked up by the kept man who has replaced Nikki. The ending credits show Nikki feeding a mouse to Harry's African Bullfrog.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Spread" received generally negative reviews from critics. At Rotten Tomatoes, based on 59 reviews, the movie rated an aggregate score of 21% positive reviews, noting that, "Despite occasional detours into surprisingly dark territory, "Spread" overall is an ineffectual celebration of vacuous Los Angeles high life rather than a deconstruction of it."
Box office.
The film was released on August 14, 2009. At the box office, the film grossed $12,032,983, of which $250,618 was from North America. 

</doc>
<doc id="20580706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580706" title="Jack Okey">
Jack Okey

John Clark "Jack" Okey (3 June 1889 – 8 January 1963) was an American art director.
Personal life.
He was raised in Los Angeles and attended the Harvard School for Boys, where he excelled in sports. After leaving, he was given instruction in art by his uncle, the California artist, J. Bond Francisco. While he was in his early 20s, he spent several years in Paris studying art. While in Paris, he met a pianist from Indiana, Marie Wilson, whom he married shortly after his return to Los Angeles in 1913. They had one son and two daughters and remained married until her death in October 1961.
He was born and died in Los Angeles, California.
Career.
Around the time of his marriage, he became involved in the nascent film industry in the Los Angeles area and was involved in the design and construction of some of the earliest studios there. He continued in the film industry as an art director until his retirement in 1959. In the mid-1930s he spent several years in England working for Alexander Korda. After his return to the United States, he spent the remainder of his active career working for RKO Studios.
He was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction for the films "Sally" (1929) and "Experiment Perilous" (1944).

</doc>
<doc id="20580708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580708" title="Dhananjay Jadhav">
Dhananjay Jadhav

Dhananjay N. Jadhav is an Indian policeman and the former Police Commissioner of Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="20580717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580717" title="Tirggel">
Tirggel

Tirggel are traditional Christmas biscuits from Zürich, Switzerland. Made from flour and honey, they are thin, hard, and sweet.
History.
"Tirggel"-like honey cakes were already popular in antiquity. The earliest known baking moulds for similar pastries date to 3rd millennium BC Mesopotamia. The recipe is believed to have come to northern Europe with the conquests of the Roman Empire. In what is today Switzerland, "tirggel" are said to have been used as pagan offertory cakes, cut in the shape of sacrificial animals.
"Tirggel" are first recorded in Zürich as "Dirgel" in 1461. They have been manufactured there ever since with elaborately carved wooden moulds depicting Biblical or regional themes. More recently, the wooden moulds—four of which are exhibited in the Swiss National Museum—have been replaced by polycarbonate casts, which are easier to handle.
Preparation.
Tirggel dough is composed of flour, 29 percent honey, some sugar and water; although one source reports that it is or was made without sugar, which is taken to be an indication of the "tirggel"'s pre-Christian origins.
The dough is pressed very thinly into elaborately carved moulds of varying shapes and sizes; the "tirggel" can be as large as windowpanes. The biscuits are baked in a high-temperature oven at for only 90 seconds and require good timing to get right.
Consumption.
Because "tirggel" are hard and dry, they are best when sucked on for a while, allowing the honey flavour to become more pronounced.
"Tirggel" are also very durable. Swiss writer Emanuel Stickelberger reported in 1939 that "the "tirggel" has the admirable quality of not becoming stale, and the harder it gets, the more enjoyable is it to nibble on." On account of their elaborate ornamentation, traditionally manufactured "tirggel" are often not eaten at all for months or years and are kept as decorations instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20580718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580718" title="Jerry Lynn (baseball)">
Jerry Lynn (baseball)

Jerome Edward "Jerry" Lynn (April 14, 1916 – September 25, 1972) was a Major League Baseball second baseman. He played for the Washington Senators in 1937.
Lynn began his professional baseball career in 1934. In 1936, he joined the Salisbury Indians of the Eastern Shore League and became their regular second baseman. The team became famous for forfeiting 21 wins at the start of the season before coming back to win the pennant. Lynn won the league batting title with a .342 average and was a unanimous selection to the all-star team. He was sold to the Senators at the end of the season. In his only major league game, he had two hits in three at-bats, one of them a double.
The following season, Lynn was sent to Charlotte of the Piedmont League. He played two seasons in the Class A Eastern League before spending 1941-1945 in the service. His last season in professional baseball was 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20580739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580739" title="Join with Us Tour">
Join with Us Tour

The Feeling kicked off their longest tour to date, with their second album, Join With Us with a European leg from 21 October to 27 October 2008. The band then embarked on the next section of the tour, taking it to the UK and N. Ireland up until the last date in December. The tour came to an end on 2 December 2008, finishing in Belfast.

</doc>
<doc id="20580741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580741" title="Nibe Municipality">
Nibe Municipality

Nibe Municipality ceased to exit on January 1, 2007 due to "Kommunalreformen" ("The Municipality Reform" of 2007). It was merged with Hals Municipality, Sejlflod Municipality and Aalborg Municipality to form the new Aalborg Municipality.
The former municipality covered an area of 185 km², and had a total population of 8,283 (2005). Its last mayor was Jens Østergaard Madsen, a member of the Venstre (Liberal Party) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="20580762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580762" title="Dave Ladley">
Dave Ladley

Dave Ladley (born 29 September 1975) is an English darts player that competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Career.
Ladley joined the PDC in 2002, and qualified for the 2004 UK Open, where he lost to Barrie Bates in the second round.
Ladley qualified for the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship at the Circus Tavern in Purfleet. He defeated Lionel Sams 3-1 in the first round, before losing 3-4 to James Wade in the second round. Ladley had two darts to win at one point, before Wade came back and won in a sudden death leg.
After the tournament, Ladley earned a sponsorship deal with a local entrepreneur and decided to join the PDC Pro Tour. Although Ladley has been a regular on the Pro Tour since 2007, he has not qualified for the televised stages of a major tournament (excluding the UK Open) since.
As of 2010, Ladley lives in Scunthorpe. He plays and supports the local darts scene, by running the annual Scunthorpe Open competition. He has been part sponsored by national newspaper The Daily Sport and is on the books of Dave Holland Management.
In May 2012, he earned a place in the European Tour Event 2 by defeating Andy Relf and Steve Hine in the UK qualifier. Ladley beat Denis Ovens in the first round of the event in Berlin 6–3, and then lost to Kevin Painter 4–6 in round two. He also qualified for the European Tour Event 5, where he was beaten 2–6 by Wayne Jones in the first round. Ladley finished 2012 ranked world number 114, well outside of the top 64 who retain their places on the PDC tour. He entered Q School in an attempt to win back his place but could not advance past the last 256 on any of the four days and did not have automatic entry into any PDC event in 2013.
Ladley failed to qualify for the 2013 UK Open as he finished 115th on the Order of Merit, outside of the top 96 who claimed their places. In October, he qualified for the Dutch Darts Masters, but lost 6–1 to Ronnie Baxter in the opening round.
In January 2014, Ladley lost in the final round of the third day of Q School to Tony Newell but the result helped him finish inside the top 24 on the Order of Merit to earn a PDC tour card for 2014 and 2015. At the first UK Open Qualifier of the year he hit a nine-dart finish in the second round against Nick Fullwell but went on to lose 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="20580763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580763" title="Jett Blakk">
Jett Blakk

Jett Blakk (Born in 1960) is an American Award-winning film director of gay pornography. He has also directed under the name Jett Blakk Katt. He started his own studio Red Devil Entertainment and is responsible with discovering porn star Jason Ridge. Blakk currently directs for Dirty Bird Pictures. On December 4, 2008, Blakk was nominated "GLBT Director of the Year" for the XBIZ Awards 2009, to be held in Hollywood, California.
Career.
Blakk began his gay porn career as Jett Blakk Katt, but dropped the last name after a year because he though it was too ponderous. Jett arrived in Los Angeles in 1996 and immediately began working for gay porn director Sam Abdul of Forum Studios as a production assistant. Within four months, Jett was directing Abdul's leather line, Leather Entertainment. Jett began to work for other companies, developing his style and soon became best known as a director of "story porn", hardcore X-rated features with complicated plots and acting. Jett has been nominated in several categories for his work as a cameraman, editor, writer and director and received the Grabby award for Best Screenplay in 2006 for his film Dirty Little Sins, which was screened in a Gay Lesbian Media Studies seminar at Redlands University in California that same year. Jett was also inducted to the Grabbys "Wall of Fame" along with Chad Hunt, Matthew Rush, Caesar and Steven Walker. 
Blakk appeared in episode 3 of John Roecker's documentary series "Everything You Wanted to Know About Gay Porn Stars", which shows behind the scenes filming of Blakk's "How To Seduce A Sraight Man" for here!. He recently started directing for Dirty Bird Pictures. His film "Mug SHots", was nominated for a 2009 XBIZ Awards for "GLBT Movie of the Year". Blakk is notable for directing Chad Hunt's last adult film "Endgame", in which he bottoms on screen for the first time.
Blakk counts models Nick Capra, Wolf Hudson, Mark Slade, and Zackary Pierce among his close circle of friends.
In 2009, Jett Blakk was nominated for 3 GayVN awards for Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Cinematography, all for ENDGAME.
In 2009, Jett Blakk was nominated for 3 Grabby awards for Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Videography, all for ENDGAME.
In 2009, Jett Blakk was nominated for Best Porn Auteur on the Chronicles of Pornia web site.

</doc>
<doc id="20580765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580765" title="Thomas Leather">
Thomas Leather

Thomas William Leather (2 June 1910 – 10 May 1991) was an Australian first-class cricketer who represented Victoria. He also played Australian rules football with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Leather, who was born in Scotland, played 16 games and kicked 11 goals for North Melbourne in a brief career which encompassed the 1932 and 1933 VFL seasons. He then appeared in four first-class cricket matches for Victoria in 1934 and 1935, taking 14 wickets at 26.07. On the back of these performances, he was picked to tour Ceylon and India with the Australian cricket team in 1935-36. Australia's Test team was touring South Africa at the time so this was a second string side. As a result, the matches against India, which Leather took part in, were given first-class status but were not Test matches.
After going wicket-less in their match against Ceylon, Leather went to India and played in all four 'Tests'. He took 21 wickets in those matches, taking five wicket hauls in Calcutta and Lahore to finish the Indian tour with an impressive 47 first-class wickets at 17.25. This made him Australia's most successful bowler for the tour after Frederick Mair and Ron Oxenham.
Although Leather was only 25 when he returned to Australia, he played just one more first-class match in his career. This was for the Don Bradman's XI in a match against the Victor Richardson's XI at the Sydney Cricket Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20580785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580785" title="Basquash!">
Basquash!

Plot.
The story takes place in the world of "Earth Dash", an alternate, futuristic version of Earth where human society split between the far more advanced lunar society and that of the planet's surface. A popular sport is BFB (Big Foot Basketball), where players ride mecha called "Big Foot" and play basketball in a giant arena. In the city of Rolling Town, Dan JD and his companions take the sport to the streets, rename it "Basquash", and then embark on a journey to overcome their past hardships and make their dreams come true.
Characters.
Main Characters.
Team Basquash.
The main protagonist, Dan is a young boy who loves basketball but despises BFB due to an accident that crippled his sister. His attempts to demoralize the sport ended up making it more popular when he invaded an official BFB game and awed the crowd with a highly skilled demonstration under his alias, "Dunk Mask", on his own Big Foot which he named Dangan. As a result of the widespread destruction, he is imprisoned for a year and charged with a massive debt, numbering 5.3 billion Rollings (the local currency). This event, as well as Dan himself, has since then gained the status of a legend, and inspired the sport Big Foot Streetball. His dream is to make enough money to pay for his debts and send his sister to the moon to treat her paralyzed legs. He has developed a strong rivalry with Iceman, as an opponent and as an ally. Near the end of the OCB tournament Dan realizes Rouge's feelings for him, after she played against him without reinforcement medication, in an attempt to keep her play honest, which resulted in her losing consciousness in the middle of the game. As she left for the moon, he made a promise to eventually travel to the moon himself, asking her to wait for him, hinting that he may have developed feelings for her. Dan is able to throw a "thunderbolt ball", a basketball that shines with a 'radiant light that traced a shape of the heavens creation'. For this, he is believed to be the Legend, the one destined to save Earthdash and Mooneyes. At the end of the series, it is revealed that he is not the Legend; everyone who is a 'basquasher' (a term for Basquash players that he coined) is a part of the Legend. Using their combined skills and their own 'thunderbolt balls', the 'basquashers' reactivate the ultimate in Mooneyes, by throwing a 'final dunk', bumping Mooneyes back into orbit, effectively saving Earthdash and Mooneyes, as they were previously in a collision course with each other. In the aftermath, all that is seen of Dan is him about to play basketball with Iceman, affirming that he will continue to play, and that he has not lost any passion in basketball, and possibly Basquash, either.
A skilled basketball and BFB player with the nickname of "Platinium Gale". She likes to be abused, but hates weaker men and is looking for a well suited match. She believes Iceman to be this special man and on one occasion has ask for his “genes". When Dan played at the official BFB game one year ago, she claims to have believed him to be "the one" as well. She has been shown to have some affection for Dan, though it may have faded. It is later revealed that she is the daughter of a wealthy business-man, whose family later disowned her mother and herself, since she was a female, and not able to become an heir. For as yet unexplained reasons, her mother later died. She resents her family and her father for both abandoning her mother, and only watching her as she died. After their departure from Turbine City, she learned that her father was killed. Her reaction is mixed, on part with her past hatred of him, and the fact that she can't deny the fact that despite their past, she still sees him as a father. After the Old Timers began talking to her about her father, it is revealed that her father may have had other personal and possibly more benign reasons for disowning her. She has since come to peace with her father's memory. Upon meeting Navi, she reveals feelings that go deeper than just "wanting his genes", a dogma she had kept with all other males she had been attracted to. However, she states that she does not like nor dislike him; it is just the fact that he is too big for her. Towards the end of the series, she dismisses this previous statement, and acknowledges her feelings for Navi, regardless of their difference in size, during the final moments of the Legend Tournament. Together, they participate in the 'final dunk', along with Dan, Iceman, Rouge, Falcon,and Flora contributing their part of the Legend. In the aftermath, she is being looked after by the Old Timers in Turbine City, with Navi. Navi and Sela are together, playing Basquash, happy, and possibly in a relationship with each other.
A vicious BFB player with a shrouded past who holds a grudge against Dan. He is also known as "The Frozen Inferno". Skilled at long shots, he beats his enemies by throwing balls at them with crushing speed, while shouting “Destroy!”. These balls, once thrown, take on a dark blue color, due to its strength. This is later revealed to be his own, personal "thunderbolt ball". He wears blue glasses and has dark red eyes. His savage game play contrasts vastly with his personality off the Big Foots: normally, he is portrayed as a cool and polite person. It was later learned, in a rather unorthodox manner by Dan, that the Destroy balls he throws at his team mates (causing them to be victims of these vicious projectile) are actually passes. This can be interpreted that Iceman cannot let go of a ball without it becoming a "Destroy Ball" while playing. He has a grudge against Falcon Lightwing, who threw him out of their BFB team, causing Iceman to fall from grace. Some time after his fall from grace, Iceman's original left arm and left leg were cut off by Price of Hell in the Underground, causing him to lose his title of "Legend". It has been confirmed that he was one of the people before Dan believed to be the Legend. After his amputation, Thousand replaced his limbs, giving him his robotic left arm and left leg. Since joining Dan, Iceman has matured considerably, going so far as to forgive Falcon. This fact is more apparent when he makes a Basquash team with Falcon during the Legend Tournament. They are the only ones with a team of two; later, the third spot is filled by Slash Keens. He becomes the co-spokesman of the Legend Tournament, urging all Basquashers (more specifically, Dan) to come to Mooneyes and participate. In the final moments of the Legend Tournament, when Mooneyes' ultimate failed to activate after Dan's dunk, Iceman urged Dan to continue playing, regardless. Dan joined him, and together, they formed the lead to the culmination of the Legend, using Yang's Legend Bullet as a basketball and dunking it, as their 'final dunk'. In the aftermath, he is seen waiting for Dan, as they are about to start a one-on-one basketball game, showing that he will continue to play basketball, and possibly Basquash.
A foreign princess who was awed by the three-way match between Dan, Sela and Iceman during her passage through Rolling Town. She seems to have some sort of supernatural '6th sense' claiming to sense "destiny on the wind" when the above were playing their match, as well as when she sensed Iceman's rage as he destroyed a statue of Dunk Mask. Flora eventually runs away to Rolling Town to chase after these voices. She takes up playing Basquash and pretends to be male under the assumed identity of "Alan Naismith", named after the inventor of basketball, James Naismith. To be on par with the rest of the group, she was coached in playing basketball by Coco. It is later revealed that the voices she hears, with her '6th sense', are 'the stones'(ultimate) and ruins of Earthdash speaking to her, and that this ability runs in the royal family of Skybloom. Her father, King Regalia, is currently not able to hear the stones, however. For most of the series, she remains under her guise of Alan Naismith, though during the course of the series, she learns that none of the girls are fooled, and only the boys in the group remain ignorant of her gender. Much later in the series, she and Dan were threatened by her own soldiers. As a reaction to this, she drops her guise and subdues the soldiers. Though Dan was the most oblivious to her gender, he says, once she reveals her real name, that he doesn't mind, since she is a 'basquasher' like everyone else. She goes with the rest of the group to participate in the Legend Tournament, but at the last moment, she realizes that her level is too inferior to keep up with everyone else. In tears, she asks Rouge to replace her. In the final moments of the Legend Tournament, she hears the voices of 'the stones' once more, and realizes that the Legend Bullet is made of ultimate. With this information, Rouge is able to catch the Legend Bullet and hand it to Dan and Iceman for the 'final dunk'.She is seen later playing basquash with Falcon in the "Final Dunk" In the aftermath, Flora is seen in traveling gear on Earthdash, possibly traveling throughout the world.
A moon giant whose ancestors were brought to Earth Dash to mine ultimate in the Underground because it was poisonous to humans but not them. He is called Navi for short. He wears a suit that is as big as a Big Foot, possibly to provide him protection from the ultimate due to his weakened resistance to its poisonous effects. He protected his friends' graves until Dan found him and introduced him to the world of Basquash and told him that his friends would not want him to spend the rest of his life protecting their graves. He is now the newest member of Team Basquash as well as the only member of the team who does not need a Big Foot to play (mainly because he is roughly the size of one). Also, he has not been able to play in many official games, since the group did not want to attract attention. Sela has since developed feelings for him, though she ignored them. At first, he did not reciprocate, but eventually developed feelings for her as well. Although he did not participate in the Legend Tournament, he appeared during its final moments to deliver tennis shoes to Dan, who had burned off the ones he used during the Tournament. He then went on to give his own part of the legend in the 'final dunk', along with Rouge, Dan, Iceman, Falcon,Flora and Sela, with whom he shared the dunk. In the aftermath, he is seen with Sela, playing Basquash, happy, and possibly in a relationship with her.
Dan's pet/partner with shape shifting abilities that looks like a gremlin. He usually transforms himself into a set of earmuffs/headband or the trademark mask that Dan uses to hide his identity as the delinquent “Dunk Mask”. Alternatively, he can turned into a restricting face-cover (his friends had Spanky do this when Dan wouldn't shut up, knocking him out with flatulence). Spanky seems to have a very similar personality to Dan, and it is understandable why the two would get along – albeit in a rather violent and argumentative fashion. He has also been known to give Dan a heads-up now and then which helps him avoid being completely surprised by some surprise attacks. Spanky is always hungry, and is said to be able to eat almost anything, regardless of size or material. Similarly to Dan in his boasts, Spanky boasts that he would be able to eat anything - even the world (though he says that it would be quite a mouthful). In the aftermath, he is seen with Dan, who is about to engage Iceman in a one-on-one basketball match.
Sela's pet/partner who looks like a white snake and is usually seen coiled around her left arm. Crawley also sometimes acts as a "person" for Sela to talk to. She is often a voice of reason to Sela, and acts quite coolly compared to Spanky, who always overreacts. Though she is always seen with Sela, she has a much smaller role than the other characters. In the aftermath, she is seen, as always, with Sela.
Iceman's pet/partners with shape shifting abilities, who look like salamanders. They usually take the form of Iceman's glasses. When Iceman appears on screen without his glasses, Righty and Lefty can usually be seen nearby. It is not known if they can speak, though, seeing as Spanky and Crawley, creatures that seem to be related to each other and to Righty and Lefty, it is possible.
Flora's pet/partner who acts as her guardian. He resembles a hair ornament and when he is not on her, takes the form of a butterfly. He frequently acts as Flora's caretaker, announcing her when she dropped her disguise in front of her soldiers. He has a wife, Baaya, who acts as the pet/partner of Flora's sister, Aulora.
Staff.
Dan's childhood sweetheart who moved away from his neighborhood when they were children. She returned in the first episode as a well endowed teenager and a skilled mechanic. Upon her return she gives him and teaches him how to pilot a BigFoot. She cares for Dan and his team's Big Foots, something she does happily, as it gives her more work to do (and get paid for). She also has been shown as having deep feelings for Dan even though he doesn't notice them. Later, she redesigns the team's BigFoots, making them move much faster and smoother than before, enough to create an afterimage. Though she is not a basquasher, she is still an irreplaceable part of the team, constantly fixing and upgrading all of their BigFoots. Though she has feelings for Dan, she steps aside once Rouge comes into the picture, and accepts their mutual attraction. She did not participate in the Legend Tournament, but she did go with everyone, and did the finishing touches on the BigFoots. Her upgrades were overwhelming; the shoes that Haruka made for Dan were burned off after he pushed the BigFoot to its limits. In the aftermath, she is seen working with her grandfather on an orange BigFoot (it is highly probably that it is Dan's), showing that she will continue to be a mechanic.
One of Dan's friends and former accomplices during the Dunk Mask era – he sold the parts of the TV's they vandalized. He also gave the group the idea of giving the Big Foots sandals made of tires when he brought a large amount of human-sized tire sandals for them to deliver. Haruka took an interest on him because his head looks like a foot. He is shown to be a good salesman, and frequently disappears on Haruka's orders to conduct business elsewhere. In the aftermath, he is seen selling things at a store.
An overweight friend and former accomplice of Dan. He studies various aspects of the buildings in Rolling Town and dreams of becoming an architect. He frequently directs Dan’s routes around town. As Bel reportedly knows everything about every building in Rolling Town, he can create "safe" delivery routes (Dan was destroying buildings while delivering packages). He also helps Dan out with his new playing strategy, setting up markers around town with him before the match with Sela and Iceman. He carries around a set of goggles. After being thrown in jail after the moon cannon incident, Bel quickly lost weight due to the bad prison food. His loss of weight was so drastic that Ganz told him to write a diet book, though he said that no one would willingly lose weight on prison food. After his release, he quickly regains his weight by overeating frequently. In the aftermath, however, it is seen that he has once again lost weight, and now works in a desk job.
Miyuki's grandfather and a skilled technician from the moon. Haruka revealed that he was formerly a mechanics professor there, possibly of some renown. Recently it has been discovered that at one point in time he worked with Thousand and Yang on researching ultimate. He where the one who made the bigfoots after years of studies of the ultimate when he worked for lunatic corporations. After the death of his son when they studied a new way to develop the bigfoots he stopped his work as an engineer for lunatic corporations.
A shoemaker from the moon, Haruka came to Rolling Town interested in Dan and Co.'s BFB skills. She develops special basketball shoes for their Big Foots in order to promote her business. She also has a fetish for feet (unintentionally tickling Dan mercilessly while caressing his feet between her breasts upon their first encounter) and has the ability to read people's thoughts just by looking at their feet. She is well endowed due to her being from the moon (referred to as the "Lunar Bust") and the low gravitational force, allowing her bust to develop to an abnormally large perfectly spherical size. Her shoes contain NIKE's famous swoosh logo.
Eclipse.
Referred to as 'Idol Red', Rouge is a pink-haired member of Eclipse, a musical group from the moon and a street Bigfoot Basketball team. She's shown to have a spunky, rebellious attitude, apparent when she runs away from her manager and the press, eventually involving Dan in her escape by kissing him to hide her face. This, however, was caught on camera, and started the rumor that she was dating 'Dunk Mask'. Later on, she, along with the rest of her team mates, participates in a match against Dan, Iceman and Sela, one of Team Basquash's many traveling/fugitive matches. In the match, she receives a few slight injuries, to which she disregards, until she receives a particularly strong blow; Dan then dismounted his Bigfoot and carried her so she could receive medical attention. She later reveals to her teammates that she has developed feelings for him because of this action. During the OCB tournament, Rouge didn't take pills to enhance her performance when they played Dan. During her and Dan's match she collapsed and, later, was sent back to the moon, but not before hearing Dan's feelings toward her.
Referred to as 'Idol Yellow', Citron is the blond-haired leader of the lunar musical group/street BFB team Eclipse, and she presents herself as the most childish of them. She admires Iceman, commenting on how cool he is.
Referred to as 'Idol Purple', Violette is the well endowed, violet-haired member of the lunar musical group/street BFB team, Eclipse. She plays on the 'older sister' role of Eclipse, often giving advice and consoling her teammates.
King of Kings.
Iceman's Rival.
Others.
Dan's little sister, whose legs were crushed by a Big Foot, and has since used a wheelchair. Dan claims that she used to be a better basketball player than him, and was severely affected when he learned she could no longer play. Sometime after the incident, when she is in the hospital, she tells Dan that it's his fault that she became cripple because he didn't make the dunk shot. She treats her brother coldly and seems indifferent to him, despite his many attempts to bond with her. This act, however, is only a front; in reality she cares greatly about him, only projecting the cool demeanor since Dan has not yet been able to understand her true feelings regarding the incident. She is the "Ultimate Bystander", her net alias for her status as an internet blogger who continually writes about Team Basquash's and Dan/Dunk Mask's endeavours. She has been described to be 'uncannily accurate' in these blogs, reflecting her frequent following of Team Basquash.
A former basketball player and the president of the BFB league, James loves sphere-shaped things such as bubbles and Haruka's Lunar-bust, and is often seen blowing bubbles out of a pipe. His bubbles are often seen before you actually see him. His alter ego, Mister Perfect, is an identity James Loane invented for himself so he could help out Dan and company without letting them know his true identity. His tools range from a rocket launcher to a basketball he can throw with pin-point accuracy.
Slash is a mysterious person who apparently ages in reverse. He met Dan, Coco, and James when they were young. He is very skilled at basketball and has been seen with Coco. He has also brought her to the moon just as he promised he would. He is also the Chairman of the OCB.
He is revealed later in the series to be Ascend, King of the Moon, and elder brother of King Regalia of the Skybloom Kingdom. He became young again using a secret family technique utilizing ultimate. He was also the one who introduced Dan and Coco to the game of basketball, and the one who trained James Loane, also starting his obsession with spherical objects. By the end of the series, he sacrificed himself to protect Mooneyes against the Legend Bullet created by Yang Harris. He reverted to a child, given to the care of Coco JD.
A skilled mechanic from the underground who hates Miyuki's grandfather. She was also the person who found Iceman after his left arm and left leg where cut off after which she built him his robotic left arm and leg.
The main antagonist and is the manager of Eclipse and the general manager of lunatic corporations. He is trying to create a legend. But to do this he has to get Dan away and he was the one who had fixed so the capsule to mooneye was shot into a wrong orbit and landed close to the underground. There he pays Price money to kill Dan.
Minor Characters.
Old Timers.
Rosso is an old man who worked for Sela's father he along with Garo and Bianco taught Sela how to play basketball.
Garo is an old man who worked for Sela's father he along with Rosso and Bianco taught Sela how to play basketball.
Bianco is an old man who worked for Sela's father he along with Rosso and Garo taught Sela how to play basketball.
Others.
Price a.k.a. Price of Hell. He is a Legend hunter who kills people who are "legends". He is also the one who cut off Iceman's left arm and leg.
Terminology.
An alternate version of Earth where the story is set.
The lunar metropolis whose civilization is far more advanced then Earthdash's.
According to Earthdash's mythology, the planet and its moon were created during a basketball match played by the gods, and a magnectic field repelling each other prevent a collision between them. However, this field is weakening, and according to the legends, only a player whose skills are in par with the gods can restore the field and put the moon back to its orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="20580796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580796" title="Ernie Ross (baseball)">
Ernie Ross (baseball)

Ernest Bertram "Curly" Ross (March 31, 1880 – March 28, 1950) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Ross played for the Baltimore Orioles in . In two career games, he had a 1–1 record with a 7.41 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Ross was born and died in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20580801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580801" title="Hurry to Market">
Hurry to Market

Hurry to Market (foaled 1961 in Kentucky) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt in 1963, but his career was ended by injury before he could run again.
Background.
Bred by Louise Clements, he was out of Hasty Girl, a daughter of two-time Leading sire in North America, Princequillo. His sire was To Market, a multiple top stakes race winner who set several track records and whose sire, Market Wise, was the 1943 American Co-Champion Older Male Horse.
Hurry to Market was purchased at the Keeneland Sales by New Orleans oilman and Fair Grounds Hall of Fame inductee Roger Wilson and the daughter of his business partner, Mrs. T. P. Hull, Jr. He was trained by former jockey David Erb.
Racing career.
His strong juvenile season was capped off in a major race for two-year-olds in mid-November when he defeated Roman Brother in winning the Garden State Stakes and then survived a protest from John L. Rotz, the rider of the runner-up. Never finishing worse than third, Hurry to Market's performances in 1963 saw him voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt by the "Daily Racing Form" and the Thoroughbred Racing Association. The rival Turf & Sports Digest poll was topped by Raise a Native.
Going into the 1964 racing season, Hurry to Market was rated at 125 pounds on the Experimental Free Handicap, ahead of Northern Dancer who was assigned 123 pounds. With Raise a Native retired due to injury, Hurry to Market was the early favorite for the Kentucky Derby. However, in January 1964 the colt sustained a quarter crack in his right hind hoof that would end his racing career.
Stud record.
Retired to stud duty, Hurry to Market met with limited success but did sire multiple stakes winner, A Letter to Harry.

</doc>
<doc id="20580806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580806" title="Badnam Basti">
Badnam Basti

Badnam Basti is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Prem Kapoor. The film stars Nitin Sethi and Nadita Thakur.

</doc>
<doc id="20580822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580822" title="Voivodeship executive board">
Voivodeship executive board

Voivodeship executive board () is regional executive body of voivodeship's local self-government in Poland. Executive board consists of five members elected by regional assemblies. Executive board is chaired by the voivodeship marshal ("Marszałek województwa").

</doc>
<doc id="20580850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580850" title="José María Antón">
José María Antón

José María "Chema" Antón Samper (born 19 March 1989 in Casas del Señor, Valencian Community) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Újpest FC in Hungary, as a left defender.
Football career.
Antón joined Real Madrid's youth system in 2003, aged 14. Four years later he made his senior debuts, spending three full seasons with the B-team in Segunda División B.
Without actually making his La Liga debut, Antón sat on the bench in Bernd Schuster's last game in charge with the "Merengues"' first team, a 3–4 home loss against Sevilla FC on 7 December 2008; the following match, a 0–2 loss at FC Barcelona in Juande Ramos' debut, he was again an unused substitute.
On 28 July 2010 Antón signed with Real Betis, spending his first and only season in Andalusia with the reserves also in the third level. In the summer of 2011 he had a trial with FC Red Bull Salzburg, signing shortly after with the Austrian Football Bundesliga side.

</doc>
<doc id="20580852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580852" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964

Yugoslavia was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, was held on 5 February at the Delavski Dom in Trbovlje and hosted by Helena Koder.
The winning song was chosen by the votes of 4 regional juries, at the end of which there was a tie between Sabahudin Kurt's "Život je sklopio krug" and Marjana Deržaj's song "Zlati April". Sabahudin Kurt was chosen as the winner as he received more top marks than Marjana Deržaj.
At Eurovision.
Sabahudin Kurt performed 13th on the night of the Contest following Italy and preceding Switzerland. At the close of the voting the song had received 0 points (nul points), sharing 13th (last) place in the field of 16 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20580862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580862" title="Max Rée">
Max Rée

Max Rée (7 October 1889 – 7 March 1953) was a Danish costume designer and art director. He won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the film "Cimarron".
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20580874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580874" title="Thrombolite">
Thrombolite

Thrombolites are clotted accretionary structures formed in shallow water by the trapping, binding, and cementation of sedimentary grains by biofilms of microorganisms, especially cyanobacteria. Stromatolites are similar but consist of layered accretions.

</doc>
<doc id="20580880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580880" title="Johnson City, Tennessee metropolitan area">
Johnson City, Tennessee metropolitan area

The Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of three counties in eastern Tennessee, anchored by the city of Johnson City. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 181,607 (though a July 1, 2008 estimate placed the population at 195,849).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 181,607 people, 75,197 households, and 51,047 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 95.31% White, 2.57% African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.52% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.48% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.28% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $30,117, and the median income for a family was $37,286. Males had a median income of $29,158 versus $20,517 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $16,458.
Combined Statistical Area.
The Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol Combined Statistical Area (CSA) is made up of five counties in Eastern Tennessee as well as two counties and an independent city in Southwestern Virginia. The statistical area includes two metropolitan areas. As of the 2000 Census, the CSA had a population of 480,091 (though a July 1, 2008 estimate placed the population at 500,538).

</doc>
<doc id="20580899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580899" title="David King (footballer)">
David King (footballer)

David Philip King (born 30 September 1990) is an English footballer. After the expiry of his Milton Keynes Dons contract on 30 June 2010, he signed for Boreham Wood before later siging for Hemel Hempstead Town in July 2012.
King made his debut for MK Dons, coming on as a substitute in the 2–1 defeat to Cardiff City in the League Cup on 26 August 2008.
In October 2009, King joined Conference National side Forest Green Rovers on a one month loan. King's loan spell was terminated in December 2009. Along with three other players, he was released by MK Dons at the end of his contract on 30 June 2010. He then signed for Boreham Wood. 
In July 2012, it was announced that King had signed for Southern Premier Division side Hemel Hempstead Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20580903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580903" title="Housane">
Housane

Housane is a bicycloalkane with the formula C5H8. It was named "housane" because of its shape.

</doc>
<doc id="20580907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580907" title="Eoin Dunphy">
Eoin Dunphy

Eoin Dunphy (born 1972) is an Irish hurler who formerly played with De La Salle GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter-county level. Dunphy won the All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship with Waterford in 1992.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20580924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580924" title="Potion Store">
Potion Store

Potion Store is an Open source Webstore suitable for small/medium companies. It is written in Ruby on rails with a plugin architecture allowing simple expansion.
Primary features:

</doc>
<doc id="20580928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580928" title="Immaculate Mary">
Immaculate Mary

Immaculate Mary or Immaculate Mother is a Roman Catholic Marian prayer. It also known as the Lourdes Hymn, sung in honour of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
It was written by Abbe Gaignet to a traditional French tune and is used principally at the shrine of Our Lady of Lourdes.
Perpetual Help Novena version.
The version sung at novena services honouring Our Lady of Perpetual Help has a different set of lyrics:

</doc>
<doc id="20580932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580932" title="Château de Kolbsheim">
Château de Kolbsheim

The Château de Kolbsheim is located near the town of Kolbsheim, in the French Department of Bas-Rhin, in Alsace. It is 15 kilometers southwest of Strasbourg, overlooking the plain of Alsace.
The chateau has two wings, the oldest built in 1703. The upper part of the garden is geometric French garden, decorated with ponds, fountains, hedges and sculpted trees. The lower part is an English park, with many hundred-year old trees. Much of the garden was destroyed in the First World War, but was restored by the Grunelius family, the present owners. 
The Garden is classified by the French Ministry of Culture as among The Notable Gardens of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20580937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580937" title="Kajiado South Constituency">
Kajiado South Constituency

Kajiado South Constituency, also known as Loitoktok Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kajiado District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections. The entire area of the constituency is located in Olkejuado county council.

</doc>
<doc id="20580938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580938" title="Talentime">
Talentime

Talentime is a 2009 Malaysian drama film written and directed by Yasmin Ahmad. Yasmin, in her blog, has described it "as a story full of joy and pain, hope and despair, a host of beautifully-written songs, and rich, rich characters". A Hindu open cremation and a scene reminiscent of the Kampung Medan incident are included in the film.
The film was released on March 26, 2009 in Malaysia and marks Yasmin's last feature film prior to her death on July 25, 2009.
Plot.
""A music teacher, who is herself a great performer is organising an inter-school talentime. Through the days of auditions, rehearsals and preparations, running up to the big day of the contest, the characters get embroiled in a world of heightened emotions - ambition, jealousy, human comedy, romance, heartbreak - all of which culminate in a day of great music and performances." Yasmin also mentioned that "the idea behind "Talentime" was that as humans, we have to go through a lot of pain and some measure of suffering before we can reach greater heights."
A talent search competition has matched two hearts - that of Melur, a Malay-mixed girl and an Indian male student, Mahesh. Melur, with her melodious voice, singing whilst playing the piano is one of the seven finalists of the Talentime competition of her school organised by Cikgu Adibah. Likewise Hafiz, enthralling with his vocalist talent while playing the guitar, dividing his time between school and mother, who is hospitalised for brain tumor.
It all started after Mahesh, amongst the students assigned to get the finalists to school for practice, delivered the notice of successful audition to Melur's house. His handsome looks attracted the girl. Early on of their relationship, tragedy struck Mahesh's family when his uncle Ganesh who had been the care-taker of the family since the loss of Mahesh's father, was stabbed to death on his wedding day. Melur thinking that Mahesh's silence was due to his grief over the tragedy became furious when she was continuously ignored. She regretted it however after Hafiz revealed Mahesh's situation.
That changed Melur's perception of Mahesh. Likewise Mahesh, who grew comfortable with the presence of the girl who often quotes beautiful poetry. Mahesh, realizing that the relationship will be opposed, kept it hidden from his mother, still grieving over the death of Ganesh. Alas, the secret was exposed and Mahesh was assaulted before Melur's very eyes. Just a day before the competition, is Melur resilient enough to sing the poetic lyrics of her song when her heart is tormented by the thoughts of Mahesh? What about Mahesh who has found his first love? On Talentime night, everything unfolds.
Cast.
Sharifah Amani was supposed to be cast as Melur in the film. However, due to clash of schedules, she was replaced by Pamela Chong. She did, however, play a role as the 3rd Assistant Director for the film. This would probably mark the first time that Sharifah Amani has played a behind-the-scene role in Yasmin Ahmad's films.
Music.
Film score by Pete Teo. Songs include:
Original soundtrack album released by Universal Music includes Malay language versions of many of the principal songs in the film including 'Pergi' Go, Angel and Itulah Dirimu One Boy. The song "Ore Piya" was taken from the Bollywood movie, Aaja Nachle. Available online and in shops all over Malaysia.
Screening.
As in all of Yasmin's previous works, "Talentime" opens with the Islamic verse "Bismillahirahmanirrahim" (In the name of God, the most Gracious and most Merciful). Like "Muallaf", the verse is displayed in a script different from Arabic in "Talentime", i.e. in Tamil - பிஸ்மில்லாஹிர்ரஹ்மானிர்ரஹீம்

</doc>
<doc id="20580961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580961" title="Polona Juh">
Polona Juh

Polona Juh (born June 2, 1971) is a Slovenian actress. She is the daughter of the Slovenian actors Mojca Ribič and Boris Juh. After finishing her studies at High School for Ballet, she entered to study a play on Academy for Theatre, Radio, Film and Television, where she graduated. Since 1995, she is a permanent member of Slovenian National Theatre Drama in Ljubljana.
She had more than 50 different film and theatre roles so far, among them a lot of leading ones.
Filmography.
She regularly takes part in various radio plays; she was also a voice actor for several animated characters and advertisements.
Awards.
For her work she received several awards at home and foreign countries:

</doc>
<doc id="20580998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580998" title="Faiz El-Ghusein">
Faiz El-Ghusein

Faiz El-Ghusein () (1883-1968) was a sheikh from the Hauran, and a former official of the Turkish Government.
He is most widely remembered as the author of "", an eyewitness account of the mistreatment of the Armenians in the name of Islam, during what is now known as the Armenian Genocide.
Early years.
El-Ghusein was the son of one of the heads of the tribe of El-Sulût who lived in the Haurân territory. He attended the Mekteb-i Aşiret-i Humayun (Tribal School) at Constantinople, and continued on to the Royal College. After being attached to the staff of the Vali of Syria, he held the position of Kaimakâm of Mamouret-el-Azîz for three and a half years. He practised law at Damascus with partners Shukri Bey El-Asli and Abdul-Wahhâb Bey El-Inglîzi, and went to be a member of the General Assembly representing Haurân, and subsequently became a member of the Committee of the General Assembly.
Exodus.
Due to being accused of being involved in a plan to obtain independence for the Arab people under the protection of England and France, and of inciting the tribes against the Turkish Government, El-Ghusein was arrested by the Government, thrown into prison, and later taken to Aalîya to be tried for political offences. He was acquitted, but the Government disregarded the decisions and escorted him to Erzurum, however he was detained at Diarbekir by its Vali due to the Russian presence preventing them from reaching Erzurum.
Initially he was imprisoned at Diarbekir for twenty-two days, after which he remained at Diarbekir for six and a half months, witnessing and hearing of the atrocities committed by the Turks against the Armenian people. El-Ghusein then fled as described in "Seven Pillars of Wisdom", written by the British soldier T. E. Lawrence:
Martyred Armenia.
Once El-Ghusein had escape, he undertook to write the book "Martyred Armenia", describing it in the foreword as:
The mistreatment of the Armenians in the name of Islam distressed him greatly, and he expressed horror about how his faith was being used to justify the brutality:
He rests in El Sharaeh, a village in Ottoman Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="20580999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20580999" title="Cinema Jenin">
Cinema Jenin

Cinema Jenin is a movie theater in the Palestinian city of Jenin, located in the West Bank.
The new building features plush seating that can accommodating over 300 people, an outdoor cafe, art gallery space, a children's park and playground, and a library that is sponsored by the German Goethe-Institut. The library and cinema will offer cultural exhibitions and German language classes. It replaced a cinema that closed in 1987. 
The Cinema is located in the heart of the city, next to the old church, the market ("suq") and the main transportation routes. The old cinema had 250 seats on the first floor and another 200 on a balcony.
The cinema is not without its critics. Many Palestinians boycotted the cinema, claiming that unmarried men and women slept together in the cinema's guest house, and drank alcohol there. Audience numbers dwindled. Following death threats that were ciruclated in the mosques in early 2011, many foreign nationals were evactuated from the Cinema Jenin project, at the request of their governments. 
The Project.
The renovation was carried out as an international charitable effort intended to encourage a culture of cinema-going for the inhabitants of Jenin by showing films of various genres, including fiction films, documentaries, comedies, children’s films, Arabic classics and contemporary movies. 
It is planned to have six screenings along with other activities every day. A website has been created to present the various activities of the cinema. Workshops in film making, computers and English will also be offered at the cinema.
The German Government (Auswärtiges Amt) is sponsoring Cinema Jenin with a large donation (press release in German).
The Jenin cinema reopened in August 2010. For the grand reopening they showed a movie called The Heart Of Jenin.

</doc>
<doc id="20581001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581001" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965

Yugoslavia was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, held in Naples, Italy.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, was held on 6 February at the Radnički Dom in Zagreb and hosted by Željka Marković.
The winning song was chosen by the votes of 5 regional juries. The winning entry was "Čežnja" performed by Croatian singer Vice Vukov, composed by Julijo Marić and written by Žarko Roje. Vice Vukov had already won the National final two years earlier and had represented Yusoslavia on the 1963 Eurovision Song Contest.
At Eurovision.
Vice Vukov performed 17th on the night of the Contest following Finland and preceding Switzerland. At the close of the voting the song had received 2 points, coming 12th in the field of 18 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20581008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581008" title="Stege, Denmark">
Stege, Denmark

Stege is the largest town on the island of Møn in south-eastern Denmark. As of 2013, its population is 3,826. Stege is now part of Vordingborg Municipality and belongs to Region Zealand. Once a prosperous herring fishing port, tourism is now important to the local economy.
Location.
Stege is near the centre of the island at the mouth of Stege Nor, a lake which connects directly to the sea at the town. The mouth of the lake is now spanned by a bridge.
Etymology.
Stege originated as a small fishing village called Dybsbroen, on the coast just north of the eastern end of the bridge, along the street now known as Dybsbrostræde. The current name may derive from "Stickae" or "Stike", which were wooden poles rammed into the sea inlet as a further defence against raiders.
History.
The town received status as a merchant town in 1268 under Eric V of Denmark but there were already fortifications protecting the fishing community early in the 12th century. As the town grew, a fortress was constructed on the coast just south of the mouth of the inlet, in the 13th century. Construction costs for the town's fortress were paid for by money from the fishing of herring, the town's most important source of capital.
Around 1430, a defensive wall was constructed enclosing the landward side of the town which was otherwise bounded by the sea to the north, and the lake to the south. The wall was built on top of a rampart, with a moat so that the town was entirely surrounded by water. Three gate towers were constructed, one on each of the major roads passing through the wall. Only the Mill Gate ("Mølleporten") now survives. It was converted into a prison when the remainder of the wall was demolished around 1685. What remains is one of the best preserved fortresses in the Nordic countries.
Although most of the town burnt down in 1457 and the plague struck in 1484, the prosperity which remained as a result of the herring trade soon led to its reestablishment.
The powerful Hansa state Lübeck attacked Stege in 1510 and 1522, but the town defended itself both times. In 1534, during the Count's Feud ("Grevens fejde"), the town could not fend off the enemy, and the fortress was destroyed. Herring fishing was also in decline, and as a result of the multiple disasters the population fell drastically. Around 1800, merchant shipping blossomed in Stege, with the deepening of the harbour, and the building of warehouses nearby. Fine merchant estates of the time can still be seen in the area.
Stege today.
The town today has a great deal of charm - with its half-timbered houses, its narrow streets and its many restaurants and cafes.
The annual "Stege Festival" takes place every Tuesday in July, and the first Tuesday in August.
There are regular bus services to Vordingborg, Bogø, Nykøbing Falster and to various destinations on Møn.
The population has not varied much in recent years, remaining around 3,800 since the 1960s.
Since the sugar factory closed in 1989, the economy now relies mainly on the service sector.
Buildings of interest in Stege include:
The town also has its own microbrewery, Bryghuset Møn, which produces nine different beers and runs a restaurant. Thorsvang, Danmarks Samlermuseum is a museum of collectables arranged in a variety of old shops typical of the early 20th century. It is located in the Lendemarke district of Stege.

</doc>
<doc id="20581031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581031" title="Beharoopia">
Beharoopia

Beharoopia is a 1971 Bollywood fantasy film directed by Rajesh Nanda. The film stars Helen.

</doc>
<doc id="20581033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581033" title="Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee">
Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee

Marshal of the Royal Thai Air Force Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee () (21 February 1900 – 8 July 1987) was a Royal Thai Air Force officer who served as the Commander of the Royal Thai Air Force from 1949 to 1957.
In 1947 he was one of the group of senior officers who planned and carried out the Siamese coup d'état.
On 13 December 1949 Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee took over as Commander of the Royal Thai Air Force, replacing Air Marshal Luang Tevaritpunluok. He continued in the Air Force's senior post until 1957.
In 1953, Air Chief Marshal Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee founded the Royal Thai Air Force Academy, albeit on a temporary basis. Four years later in 1957, Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee who was by then a marshal of the Royal Thai Air Force and its Commander, returned to the Academy laying its foundation stone during a ceremony which marked its permanent establishment.
In the 1960s Fuen Ronnaphagrad Ritthakhanee was the chairman of the United Flour Mill Public Company Limited, Thailand's first wheat flour mill. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581050" title="Do Boon Pani">
Do Boon Pani

Do Boon Pani (meaning:Two Drops of Water) is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. The film stars Simi Garewal and Madhu Chanda.

</doc>
<doc id="20581052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581052" title="Do Raha">
Do Raha

Do Raha is a 1971 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha and Anil Dhawan.

</doc>
<doc id="20581053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581053" title="Wood End School">
Wood End School

Wood End School is an elementary school (grades K-5) in Reading, Massachusetts, United States. The school is located at 85 Sunset Rock Lane. There are 343 students in grades K-5 and 60 staff members. Mr. Richard Davidson is the principal. The school was recognized in 2008 as a “Beacon of Light” school by the Blue Ribbon School of Excellence Program.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20581055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581055" title="Door Ka Raahi">
Door Ka Raahi

Door Ka Raahi is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Kishore Kumar. The film stars Tanuja, Kishore Kumar and Ashok Kumar. Film is a finest art of Kishore Kumar and his vision of iternal world.
Film strives to deliver very strong message of humanity in simplest language. Door Ka Rahi is story of a person named "Prashant" who is on the travel for the wellness of society, and the end of Journey is to watch..., the angle of the movie does not seems to be commercial rather focused on expressing the internal feeling.

</doc>
<doc id="20581058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581058" title="Dost Aur Dushman">
Dost Aur Dushman

Dost Aur Dushman is a 1971 Bollywood action film directed by Chand. The film stars Shiv Kumar, Heena Kauser and Jayshree T .

</doc>
<doc id="20581060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581060" title="Ralph Hammeras">
Ralph Hammeras

Ralph Hammeras (24 March 1894 – 3 February 1970) was an American special effects designer, cinematographer and art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards. He created a large-scale miniature of the city of London for the film "The Sky Hawk", he also created special mechanical effects for it.
He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20581065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581065" title="Haseenon Ka Devata">
Haseenon Ka Devata

Haseenon Ka Devata is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Ravikant Nagaich. The film stars Sanjay Khan, Rekha and Helen .

</doc>
<doc id="20581068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581068" title="Hum Tum Aur Woh">
Hum Tum Aur Woh

Hum Tum Aur Woh is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Shiv Kumar. The film stars Vinod Khanna, Bharti and Aruna Irani. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581070" title="Jaane-Anjaane">
Jaane-Anjaane

Jaane-Anjaane is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Shakti Samanta . The film stars Shammi Kapoor, Vinod Khanna and Leena Chandavarkar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581073" title="Jai Bangladesh">
Jai Bangladesh

Jai Bangladesh (meaning:"Hail Bangladesh") is a 1971 Bollywood military drama film directed by I.S. Johar. The film stars Kabari Choudhury and Dilip Dutt .

</doc>
<doc id="20581076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581076" title="Jai Jawan Jai Makan">
Jai Jawan Jai Makan

Jai Jawan Jai Makan is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Vishram Bedekar. The film stars Jaya Badhuri and Anil Dhawan . 

</doc>
<doc id="20581079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581079" title="Kabhi Dhoop Kabhi Chhaon">
Kabhi Dhoop Kabhi Chhaon

Kabhi Dhoop Kabhi Chhaon is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Chandrakant. The film stars Dara Singh and Ameeta .

</doc>
<doc id="20581080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581080" title="Electoral district of New Norfolk">
Electoral district of New Norfolk

The Electoral district of New Norfolk was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of New Norfolk, northwest of the Tasmanian capital, Hobart.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20581083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581083" title="Khoj">
Khoj

Khoj is a 1971 Hindi drama film directed by Jugal Kishore. The film stars Farida Jalal, Shatrughan Sinha and Deepak Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581090" title="Ladki Pasand Hai">
Ladki Pasand Hai

Ladki Pasand Hai is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by C.L. Rawal. The film stars Mumtaz.

</doc>
<doc id="20581092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581092" title="Main Sunder Hoon">
Main Sunder Hoon

Main Sunder Hoon is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by R. Krishnan and Nazir Hussain. The film stars Mehmood and Leena Chandavarkar. It is a remake of the 1964 Tamil movie 'Server Sundaram'. 
Plot.
Sunder (Mehmood) works in a hotel owned by Ram Swarup ("David Abraham") as a waiter. He is a very funny, uneducated man, with a suitably funny face, opposite to his name. Radha (Leena Chandavarkar) is the daughter of Ram Swarup. She often comes to the hotel, and Sunder happens to meet her and amuse her with funny jokes. One day, in a casual remark, she says,"I like your innocence". He does not understand the word 'innocence', and thinks that she likes him. He also likes her, but is afraid to tell her, as he works in her father's hotel.
Then, he seeks help from his friend, Amar (Biswajeet). He helps him get work in film industry. And in no time, Sunder emerges as leading comic actor. But in this duration, Amar, ignorant about his friend's love, and Radha fall in love. When he knows that Sunder's love is Radha, he asks Radha, who says that he never loved Sunder. Amar stops Sunder multiple times from expressing his feelings to Radha, thinking that the truth will break down Sunder.
During his stardom days, he once performs at a charity show for orphan children. He gets emotional seeing the children, and decides to stay a day longer, and in the process, misses his father's death ceremony at his home. Her mother asks him to be with her in her last moments. And he promises to.
One day, during an interview to the All India Radio, he says that he likes to have his old dress of the waiter in front of him, so that it could remind him of what he was earlier, and he does not develop any pride. And in the same interview, he says that he is going to marry someone he loves. Amar and Radha listen to this on the radio. Knowing that Sunder will come to express his love to her, Radha urges Amar to tell him the truth, but he says, he is unable to do so. Sunder comes, and Radha tells her the truth. Heartbroken, Sunder wishes for his friend, and Radha. 
Then, one day, he goes for the shooting of the climax of a film, whose date of release has come very near. The producer says to his guard that nobody, in any circumstance could disturb them. And back home, his mother falls down the stairs. She is rushed to the hospital. She wants to see her son, so, a man is sent to call him, but the guard does not allow him in. Instead, he himself goes to get some good medication. Sunder, after finishing the work, comes to know about the accident, and rushes away. But he finds her dead. He repents being a celebrity.
Amar and Radha marry. At that ceremony, Sunder comes in his old dress, of a waiter. He says, he will no longer work in films, as that life is unreal. He will meet his mother now onwards, by helping poor and orphan children.

</doc>
<doc id="20581095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581095" title="Man Mandir">
Man Mandir

Man Mandir is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Tapi Chanakya. The film stars Waheeda Rehman and Sanjeev Kumar. This was the first film signed and shot by Rakesh Roshan, although 'Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani' signed after this film was released before 'Man Mandir'.
The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.

</doc>
<doc id="20581098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581098" title="Man Tera Tan Mera">
Man Tera Tan Mera

Man Tera Tan Mera is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara. The film stars Rehana Sultan.

</doc>
<doc id="20581103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581103" title="Memsaab (film)">
Memsaab (film)

Memsaab is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Atma Ram. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Yogeeta Bali.

</doc>
<doc id="20581104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581104" title="Nadaan (1971 film)">
Nadaan (1971 film)

Nadaan (; translated: innocent) is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Deven Verma. The film stars Asha Parekh and Madan Puri.

</doc>
<doc id="20581106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581106" title="Zig Zag (1970 film)">
Zig Zag (1970 film)

Zig Zag is a 1970 film directed by Richard A. Colla and starring George Kennedy.
Plot.
Kennedy plays Paul Cameron, an insurance executive who finds out he has a brain tumor. His family will receive nothing under his current policies, but there is a huge reward for information leading to the arrest of the murderer of a businessman. Cameron frames himself for the murder in the hopes of collecting the reward money for his wife in an anonymous bank account. Cameron is found guilty and sentenced to death, but then is cured of the disease, and escapes in order to find the real killer and clear his name.
Remakes.
The film has been remade in India four times: 

</doc>
<doc id="20581107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581107" title="Moss Island">
Moss Island

Moss Island in Little Falls, New York is an igneous intrusion of Syenite in the Mohawk Valley with the Little Falls at one end. It became an island when locks were built so boats could avoid the 40 ft falls. It is known for its extremely large (40–50 ft) potholes as well as being popular with local rock climbers. It was declared a National Natural Landmark in May 1976 There are ongoing efforts by the local community to turn Moss Island into a New York State Park.
Description.
Moss Island is 1500 feet long and 625 feet wide. It is bordered by the Mohawk River on the north and the NYS Barge Canal to the south. It is covered in dwarf oak trees. Glacial striation, also known as glacial scrapes, are visible in some places. The southern cliff at its highest point is 45’. The cliff has an adjacent road and spans about ¾ of the island. 
Geology.
The cliffs of moss island are composed of Metasyenite. Syenite is an igneous rock similar to granite composed of crystals of quartz (SiO2), alkali feldspar (a continuous mixture from KAlSi3O8 to NaAlSi3O8) and plagioclase feldspar (a mixture from CaAl2Si2O8 to NaAlSi3O8) with small quantities of muscovite (common, white or potash mica), biotitic (black mica, an iron rich version of muscovite), hornblende (a black to dark green crystal mixture of calcium-iron-magnesium silicate, aluminum-iron-magnesium silicate and iron-magnesium silicate). The prefix meta refers to metamorphic rocks. After forming as an igneous rock the rocks were subjected to massive pressure and heat causing the minerals to rearrange but not melt. Gneiss goes thru the same process but the igneous rocks melt. 
History.
The potholes were created by huge volumes of water falling over a prehistoric cataract once located here, much like modern day Niagara Falls. At that time, perhaps 20,000-80,000 years ago, the Great Lakes drained through the Mohawk Valley / Hudson River because the St. Lawrence River was blocked by glaciers.Over time, the turbulent flow deepens the depression in the bedrock to form a small circular basin, just a few centimeters in diameter. This development creates a positive feedback, which further increases the turbulence of the water and the development of eddie currents. It is this turbulence which creates localized variations in the speed of erosion. As we can see in the diagram below, the hollow deepens further to form an established pothole. It is then possible for smaller bedload to become trapped in the pothole. This debris is then used to abrade the sides of the pothole. Over time the pothole will deepen and become more circular; the diameter of the pothole increases in size and often multiple potholes form and merge. 
The first locks around the waterfall were created in 1793 A dry 19th century Erie Canal lock (Enlarged Erie Canal Lock #36) is located next to the southeastern service road. The current Lock 17 is one of the tallest locks of its type in the world and the largest in the NYS Barge Canal system. The lock uses a guillotine gate on its eastern side.
In 1974, the New York State Thruway was planning to build a bridge over Moss Island, but after negative publicity, it was rerouted around the island.
Recreation.
Moss Island is a national landmark known for its rock climbing.It also provides access to disabled fishermen.[6 the island connects to lock 17 which is one of the largest locks in the world. Its operation can be viewed from the island. A walkway next to the guillotine gate is available to cross the canal. Admission to parking, the lock and Moss Island is free. The island is known for its circular rock formations. The opposing side of the island is a popular rock climbing cliff. 
Rock climbing.
Moss island is frequently referred to as an out door gym. With a huge range of very easy to very hard climbs, and a very short approach Moss Island is a convenient place to climb. From the base it’s no more than a 5 min walk to set up an anchor. The cliffs are clean and have great protection with over 100 established routes ranging from 5.1-5.13. Many more popular routes are bolted for top rope. Goat Crack (5.2)a 45 foot slab is a classic little falls route where many trad climbers do their first leads. the island has had several famous climbers climb here including Lynn Hill. Across from the island is an unmaintained cliff with a visible crossing crack Crucifix (5.8). Further down stream a former cement factory has the dihedrals a ¼ mile 100’ face. Several bolted sport routes and nice exposure over regular passing trains. This cliff is privately owned and not open to the public. 
References.
Moss island is located in Little Falls, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20581108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581108" title="Parde Ke Peechey">
Parde Ke Peechey

Parde Ke Peechey is a 1971 Bollywood drama film. The film stars.
Yogeeta Bali and Bindu .

</doc>
<doc id="20581112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581112" title="Patanga">
Patanga

Patanga is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Kedar Kapoor. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Vimi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581113" title="Phir Bhi">
Phir Bhi

Phir Bhi is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Shivendra Sinha. The film stars Partap Sharma and Urmila Bhatt . Partap Sharma won the 1971 National Award for the lead role in this feature film which also won the National Award for the best Hindi film of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20581117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581117" title="Preet Ki Dori">
Preet Ki Dori

Preet Ki Dori is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Satish Kumar . The film stars Lalita Pawar and Nazir Hussain.

</doc>
<doc id="20581119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581119" title="Pyar Ki Kahani">
Pyar Ki Kahani

Pyar Ki Kahani (English: The Story of Love) is a 1971 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Ravikant Nagaich.It is a remake of the great tamil film Kai Kodutha Deivam starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savithri. It was announced by Amitabh bachchan himself in the recent filmfare awards. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Tanuja and Mala Sinha . According to an interview given by Amitabh bachchan at Koffee with Karan, this role was initially given to Jeetendra, but because of the film industry's imposed limit of maximum of 6 films to be done as a leading role by an actor, that he got this breakthrough.
Plot.
Although well qualified, Ram Chand (Amitabh Bachchan) is unable to obtain suitable employment, and works as a peon in an organization. One day he meets with Ravi Chand, who is on the verge of committing suicide, he counsels him against this, as well as permits him to live with him. Ravi gets employed in the same office as Ram, albeit as a Manager, and falls in love and marries a co-worker named Lata (Farida Jalal). Ram's parents would like him to get married too, and he goes to see them and meets his bride-to-be, Kusum Sharma (Tanuja). Ram sends a photograph of Kusum for approval to Ravi and Lata, and is disappointed to learn that Ravi does not approve of Kusum. When Ram attempts to find out the reason behind his disapproval, Ravi gives very elusive responses, and Ram takes it upon himself to find out why Ravi disapproves of Kusum so much. It is then Ram will come to know of the shocking truth behind the relationship between Kusum and Ravi, and about Kusum's reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="20581122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581122" title="Damian Smith">
Damian Smith

Damian Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20581123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581123" title="Ramu Ustad">
Ramu Ustad

Ramu Ustad is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Mohammed Hussain . The film stars Madan Puri and Dara Singh .

</doc>
<doc id="20581131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581131" title="Saat Sawal">
Saat Sawal

Saat Sawal is a 1971 Bollywood adventure film directed by Babubhai Mistry. The film stars Johnny Whisky.

</doc>
<doc id="20581134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581134" title="Sansar (1971 film)">
Sansar (1971 film)

Sansar is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Dilip Bose. The film stars Navin Nischol, Anupama and Nirupa Roy. 
The music score for this movie was by Chitragupta. Poet Sahir Ludhianvi penned the lyrics for seven songs in the movie. Two of the numbers went on to become very popular : Bas Ab Tarsaana Chhodo (Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhonsle) and Haathon Mein Kitaab Baalon Mein Gulaab (Kishore Kumar)

</doc>
<doc id="20581136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581136" title="Thi Reeta">
Thi Reeta

Thi Reeta is a 1971 Bollywood drama film . The film stars Manmohan Krishna, Vinod Mehra and Tanuja .

</doc>
<doc id="20581138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581138" title="Upaasna">
Upaasna

Upaasna is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Mohan. The film stars Sanjay Khan, Mumtaz and Feroz Khan. The film has a very melodious song "Aao tumhe main pyaar sikha du, Sikhla do na". Other songs are "Darpan ko dekha" and "Meri jawani pyaar ko tarse".

</doc>
<doc id="20581140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581140" title="Woh Din Yaad Karo">
Woh Din Yaad Karo

Woh Din Yaad Karo is a 1971 Bollywood family drama film directed by 
K. Amarnath. The film stars Sanjay Khan and Nanda.

</doc>
<doc id="20581143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581143" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966

Yugoslavia was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, held in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, was held on 23 January at the Dom Sindikata in Belgrade and hosted by Miloje Orlović.
The winning song was chosen by a jury of 10 people. The winning entry was "Brez besed" performed by Slovene singer Berta Ambrož, composed by Mojmir Sepe and written by Elza Budav.
At Eurovision.
Berta Ambrož performed 5th on the night of the Contest following Luxembourg and preceding Norway. At the close of the voting the song had received 9 points, coming 7th in the field of 18 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20581144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581144" title="Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari">
Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari

Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma. The film stars Jeetendra, Mumtaz and Aruna Irani.
Cast.
Raisaheb Surajbhan Chaudhary lives a wealthy lifestyle in a palatial mansion with his wife of 30 years, Rajlaxmi, and two sons, Rajkumar, who has been married to Shyama for several years; and Mohankumar who is studying in an out f town college. Surajbhan is disappointed with Rajkumar as he has as yet not produced an heir to his family. To make matters worse Mohan, a devout worshiper of Lord Bajrangbali, has taken a vow of celibacy and refuses to get married. Things change dramatically when a young woman named Neena, along with her son, enters the Chaudhary household claiming that Mohan had married and abandoned her. She goes through a number of medical tests which determine that the child is actually an heir of the Chaudhary family. Now Surajbhan and Rajlaxmi want Mohan and Neena to get officially married, much to Mohan's chagrin. Things get complicated when Surajbhan finds out that the child is actually Rajkumar's, and that Neena may have been pulling wool over all their eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="20581148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581148" title="Hungama (1971 film)">
Hungama (1971 film)

Hungama is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film. The film stars Kishore Kumar, Vinod Khanna and Mumtaz .
External links.
r

</doc>
<doc id="20581152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581152" title="Johar Mehmood in Hong Kong">
Johar Mehmood in Hong Kong

Johar Mehmood in Hong Kong is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film directed by S.A. Akbar. The film stars Mehmood and I. S. Johar. 
Music director.
Kalyanji Anandi with assistants Laxmikant Pyarelal

</doc>
<doc id="20581158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581158" title="Sanjog (1971 film)">
Sanjog (1971 film)

Sanjog is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by S.S. Balan. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Mala Sinha. This film is unrelated to following two films:

</doc>
<doc id="20581159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581159" title="Blinded Veterans Association">
Blinded Veterans Association

The Blinded Veterans Association (BVA) is a U.S non-profit organization that was established to "help veterans and their families meet and overcome the challenges of blindness".
Services from BVA are available to all veterans who have become blind, either during or after active duty. The BVA has its headquarters in Washington, D.C. BVA is a 503(c)(3) registered nonprofit; for the 2008-2009 Fiscal year, BVA's income was $4.2 million.
Mission.
The Mission of the BVA is:
History.
The BVA was established in 1945, at the end of World War II, by young veterans who had lost their sight in combat and were recovering together at an Army hospital in Connecticut. In 1958, the BVA was chartered by the U.S. Congress (Title 36, Chapter 303) to "speak and write on behalf of blinded veterans in national legislative affairs". In addition to its legislative role, BVA has 52 regional groups that help veterans find services such educational services, counseling, peer support, and rehabilitation services. Currently, the BVA membership is about 11,000, but BVA services are available to any blinded veteran, regardless of membership status
Programs and services.
Based on VA data, there are estimated to by more than 158,000 veterans in America that suffer from severe vision impairment or blindness. According to the BVA, 13% of wounded U.S. military troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have suffered a serious eye injury. In addition, approximately 7,000 veterans become newly blind or visually impaired from non-combat related causes.
Field Service Program
The BVA employs seven full-time Field Service Representatives, who have been strategically placed in different geographical areas throughout the United States. Their goal is to locate and assist blinded veterans in overcoming the challenges inherent in sight loss. Since all of the Field Reps are legally blind veterans themselves, they can be effective role models in demonstrating that fellow veterans can take charge of their lives. Field Reps are responsible for linking veterans with local services, assuring that the newly blinded take advantage of VA Blind Rehabilitation Services, and assisting them with VA claims when necessary. When blinded veterans are ready to return to the workforce, BVA Field Reps can assist them with employment training and placement.
Operation Peer Support
BVA's newest program, Operation Peer Support (OPS) establishes connections between newly blinded veterans returning from the Iraq and Afghanistan wars with veterans who went through a similar transition following World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. These older blinded vets know the many challenges facing newly blinded service members, and can provide unique insight and understanding, having once faced similar challenges themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20581160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581160" title="Reinforcing success">
Reinforcing success

Reinforcing success is a strategic concept used in many areas of decision making and management. Originally a military doctrine, the term is also used in theories related to parenting, business and other fields. It is essentially a selection criterion, or a prioritizing principle. A course of action is selected from various options on the basis of previous results of similar actions. The basic idea is: if it works, keep doing it; if it doesn't, don't invest more in something that's failing.

</doc>
<doc id="20581161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581161" title="1999 ATP German Open – Singles">
1999 ATP German Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top eight seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20581162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581162" title="Lakhon Mein Ek">
Lakhon Mein Ek

Lakhon Mein Ek is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film directed by S.S. Balan. The film stars Aruna Irani and Mehmood.This film was based on a very sensitive topic of Hindu-Muslim love story. 
Superb screenplay, direction, cinematography, scenes and excellent performance by every actor. The film was a remake of Tamil film "Ethir Neechal".

</doc>
<doc id="20581167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581167" title="Jonathan Kariara">
Jonathan Kariara

Jonathan Kariara (1935–1993) was a Kenyan poet who wrote works including "A Leopard Lives in a Muu Tree". He was also for several years the manager of Oxford University Press's branch office in Nairobi. Over the same period he ran regular workshops for writers in order to encourage and stimulate local literary creativity. In the late-1970s, his preferred stamping ground was Sadler House (now Consolidated Bank House), Makerere University, where he encountered artistic and literary figures including Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Okot P'Bitek and Elimo Njau. He later had a close literary kinship with poet-compatriot Marjorie Macgoye.

</doc>
<doc id="20581172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581172" title="Ek Paheli">
Ek Paheli

Ek Paheli is a 1971 Bollywood thriller drama horror film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Tanuja, Feroz Khan and Aruna Irani .
Plot.
Dr Sudhir (Feroz Khan) returns from UK after his father's death to take care of family business. To decorate an empty section of a room, Sudhir buys an old Piano from a local shop. Weird things start happening after he buys the Piano. He meets a mysterious woman Maria (Tanuja) who tells him that while he can play Piano as he is the new owner, he should not let others play it. The first person to play the piano against her advice dies as soon as she has finished playing. Soon a long time house-servant dies and Dr Sudhir is a suspect. Complicating the situation is a local businessman Shankarlal (Madan Puri) who might be helping the Police against Dr Sudhir.

</doc>
<doc id="20581176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581176" title="Elaan (1971 film)">
Elaan (1971 film)

Elaan is a 1971 Bollywood thriller film directed by K. Ramanlal. The film stars Vinod Khanna, Rekha and Madan Puri .

</doc>
<doc id="20581179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581179" title="Gambler (film)">
Gambler (film)

Gambler is a 1971 Bollywood thriller film directed by Amarjeet. The film stars Dev Anand and Shatrughan Sinha.
Plot Synopsis.
Raja (Dev Anand) has been abandoned by his biological mother at a very young age, and grows up with Master (Jeevan), a criminal don and card-sharp, who would like Raja to continue working with him on a commission basis. Raja learns all that could be learned about playing cards, quits work with Master, and starts work on his own. He succeeds considerably, and soon gets rich and wealthy. He falls in love with beautiful Chandra Gangaram (Zaheeda), and would like to marry her. But her father would like her to marry U.K. settled Ram Mehta(Sudhir), before Raja could do or say anything against this alliance, he is charged with the cold-blooded murder of Master. The climax in Raja's life is in the Court Room where he will find out about his past, and about his parents - while he awaits the outcome of the trial.
Storyline.
Raja (Dev Anand) has been abandoned by his biological mother at a very young age, and grows up with Master (Jeevan), a criminal don and card-sharp, who would like Raja to continue working with him on a commission basis.Raja meets Chanda Gangaram (Zaheeda) daughter of a wealthy industrialist and her uncle (Ifthekar)is also the city's police commissioner.Raja takes a liking to her at the very instant though she does not reciprocate, her uncle notices Raja's face to be familiar but ignores the suspicion.
Music.
S. D. Burman wrote the music for the film and Gopal Das Neeraj penned the lyrics.
External links.
Dhire dhire bol koi sun na le (Mukesh singer and Lala)

</doc>
<doc id="20581186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581186" title="Hulchul (1971 film)">
Hulchul (1971 film)

Hulchul is a 1971 Bollywood thriller film directed by O. P. Ralhan. The film stars Prem Chopra, Helen and Madan Puri.
Plot.
Peter (O. P. Ralhan) & Kitty (Helen) love each other, but due to Peter's poverty, they are unable to marry each other. One day, during one secret rendezvous, Peter & Kitty accidentally overhear a conversation between a Mahesh Jetley & his paramour, where Mahesh tells her that he is soon going to bump his wife on a certain date. Peter & Kitty decide to foil this man's plans. However, there are 2 problems :- 1] They have not seen Mahesh or his paramour's face. 2] Even if they had, no one would believe their story.
Hence, the lovers decide to do a little investigation on their own. They find 3 Mahesh Jetley's. On some snooping, they find that each man is married & each of them has a crappy married life. To find their suspect, they devise a plan whereby they will stage an attack on each man's wife. Whoever the culprit is, will freak out & his identity will be revealed.
However, each of their attack goes awry & they get saved from being arrested each time, just by a whisker. The only positive outcome of this exercise is that they learn that each suspect is actually a man of fidelity. The lives of all the men come on track & love comes back into their lives. All the couples file a complaint in police station to find the culprit trying to break their marriage.
The Inspector(Raza Murad) investigates all the cases thoroughly & finally nails Peter & Kitty. In a courtroom battle, the public prosecutor(Amrish Puri) claims that the duo tried to break the marriages to scoop some money for their own marriage. Peter finally tells the truth to the court. On hearing Peter's story, the public prosecutor asks the court for a half-hour break.
After the break ends, the prosecutor introduces a new witness - Kumar. Then, the prosecutor goes on to play back a tape, and Peter & Kitty are surprised to hear exactly the same conversation that they had heard. The prosecutor surprises the whole court by telling that Kumar is a director who directs plays for radio & that the "conversation" overheard by Peter & Kitty was actually aired on the radio that day.
After discovering the amusing truth behind the whole affair, a bemused judge asks all the Jetley couples to decide the punishment for Peter & Kitty. However, all the couples forgive & thank the duo, as they did what anybody else would have done & that their "crime" has brought 3 marriages back from the brink of disaster.
After the court is adjourned, Peter & Kitty are being escorted back by police where Peter sees a woman holding a portable radio that is airing the remaining part of Kumar's play. Peter asks the woman to switch off the radio, on which everybody nearby bursts into laughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20581193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581193" title="Flag Pond">
Flag Pond

Flag Pond may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20581194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581194" title="Ganga Tera Pani Amrit">
Ganga Tera Pani Amrit

Ganga Tera Pani Amrit is a 1971 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Nirupa Roy, Narendra Nath, Master Satyajeet.It starred navin nischol,pran,shatrughan sinha and yogitawali as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20581196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581196" title="Electoral district of Norfolk Plains">
Electoral district of Norfolk Plains

The Electoral district of Norfolk Plains was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based near the town of Longford to the south of Launceston, Tasmania's second city, and also included the towns of Carrick and Perth.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1886 election, being replaced with the new Longford seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20581200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581200" title="Jwala">
Jwala

Jwala is a 1971 Bollywood action film directed by M.V. Raman. The film stars Sunil Dutt and Madhubala. This was Madhubala's last film, released two years after her death in 1969. This is also her only film, that is completely shot in colour. (She did have a colour sequence in the black-and-white blockbuster film Mughal-e-Azam). A young Asha Parekh is part of the supporting cast.

</doc>
<doc id="20581206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581206" title="Tulsi Vivah (film)">
Tulsi Vivah (film)

Tulsi Vivah (The Marriage of Tulsi) is a 1971 Bollywood fantasy drama film based on mythology. Directed by Chandrakant, the film stars Jayshree Gadkar and Anita Guha .

</doc>
<doc id="20581262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581262" title="Aan Baan (1972 film)">
Aan Baan (1972 film)

Aan Baan is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Prakash Mehra. The film stars Rakhee Gulzar.
Plot summary.
Raja Bahadur rules his region, although fully aware that his days as King are numbered. Nevertheless, he indulges in women, alcohol, and high-living - most of which is through borrowed money, with the creditors threatening to take him to court. He even has an affair with prostitute named Dulari, who he refuses to marry, and has her brother, Kundan, sent to jail. When his brother, Suraj, returns from abroad, Bahadur decides to withhold this information from him. In order to keep up appearances, Bahadur gets his men to rob their neighbor, Hiralal's house, of all jewellery and cash. But Hiralal wakes up, calls for help and for the police, and one of Bahadur's men is arrested. When Bahadur finds out that the police have traced him to his house, Suraj decides to take the rap for him, is arrested and imprisoned. On Suraj's return, Bahadur announces his marriage to Rekha, Hiralal's daughter. The problem is that Suraj and Rekha love each other, and the question is will Suraj be willing to make another sacrifice for his brother this time?

</doc>
<doc id="20581265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581265" title="Tåstrup">
Tåstrup

Tåstrup or Taastrup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20581274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581274" title="Aankh Micholi">
Aankh Micholi

Aankh Micholi is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Ravindra Dave. The film stars Mala Sinha and Shekar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581282" title="Annadata (1972 film)">
Annadata (1972 film)

Annadata is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Jaya Bachchan and Anil Dhawan and {Prakash}.
Plot.
Amba Prasad, a rich man is supposed to have died in a car crash and all 'relatives' gather to find out how much they can inherit. A poor girl he literally brought up like a daughter claims to be carrying his baby under pressure from her greedy parents. However, it turns out that Amba Prasad is very much alive. His lawyer makes him see the harsh reality that none of his so-called relatives were there to pay respect to him but to get his money. Disheartened he leaves his house with his faithful dog.
He ends up in a little village and meets an artist (Anil Dhawan) who paints a portrait of Amba Prasad sleeping under a tree guarded by his dog. He assumes that Amba Prasad is a poor man and pays him. Later Amba Prasad faints as he is exhausted. The dog brings Aarti to help his master. Soon Amba Prasad becomes a part of Aartis family, the only other member of it being Aartis little brother who is disabled. Aarti makes medicines and gives it to the villagers and refuses to take money for her services. Her only income is from typing and stitching clothes for people. Arun and Aarti love each other. However, Arun realizes that he is just a poor artist and can never support Aarti and her brother and help her pay her debt when he can barely manage to look after himself and his mother. Hence, he tries to find a rich husband for Aarti. Aarti refuses to even consider this.
End of the movie they realize how rich Amba Prasad is. However neither Aarti nor Arun are interested in his wealth. Seeing their love Amba Prasad decided to stay with them till the end of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="20581284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581284" title="Anokhi Pehchan">
Anokhi Pehchan

Anokhi Pehchan is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Sanjay Khan and Raakhee .

</doc>
<doc id="20581287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581287" title="Ville Larinto">
Ville Larinto

Ville Larinto (born 11 April 1990 in Lahti) is a Finnish ski jumper. Larinto made his World Cup debut in 2007-08, and picked up his first World Cup points in the Four Hills opener at Oberstdorf, Germany on 30 December 2007, when he finished 29th.
The 2008-09 season was his breakthrough season. He began the season with an impressive 9th place finish at Kuusamo, and got his first career podium finish one week later in Trondheim, Norway, where he finished second behind Gregor Schlierenzauer.
Larinto claimed his first World Cup victory on 1 December 2010 at Kuopio.

</doc>
<doc id="20581288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581288" title="Baharon Phool Barsao">
Baharon Phool Barsao

Baharon Phool Barsao is a 1972 Bollywood romance film. The film stars Dheeraj Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581289" title="Bees Saal Pehle">
Bees Saal Pehle

Bees Saal Pehle is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Probir Roy. The film stars Lalita Pawar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581292" title="Bhai Ho To Aisa">
Bhai Ho To Aisa

Bhai Ho To Aisa is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Manmohan Desai. The film stars Jeetendra, Hema Malini, Shatrughan Sinha. The film had music by the composer duo Sonik-Omi and lyrics by Sahir Ludhiyanvi. The film was a hit at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20581294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581294" title="Itaipu">
Itaipu

Itaipu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20581295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581295" title="Do Bachche Dus Haath">
Do Bachche Dus Haath

Do Bachche Dus Haath is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Kalpataru Nasir. The film stars Ahmad Ansari and Prem Nath. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581298" title="Ek Bar Mooskura Do">
Ek Bar Mooskura Do

Ek Bar Mooskura Do (English: Smile once more) is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Ram Mukherjee. The film stars Shobhna Samarth, Joy Mukherjee, Tanuja and Deb Mukherjee . O.P.Nayyar's hit music was one of the plus point of this film. Almost all the songs of the film were enjoyable. Particularly, "Kitne atal the tere iraade (tu aur ki kyon ho gayi)" sung by Kishore Kumar is considered one of his best, heart-touching, passionate and fastest songs. The other version of the song in the movie is sung by Asha Bhosle. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581300" title="Haar Jeet (1972 film)">
Haar Jeet (1972 film)

Haar Jeet is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by C.P. Dixit. The film stars Rehana Sultan and Anil Dhawan .

</doc>
<doc id="20581302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581302" title="Jai Jwala">
Jai Jwala

Jai Jwala is a 1972 Hindi drama film directed by Manohar Deepak. The film stars Sunil Dutt and Madhumati.

</doc>
<doc id="20581304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581304" title="Maalik (1972 film)">
Maalik (1972 film)

Maalik is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by A. Bhimsingh. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Sharmila Tagore . ashok kumar played a special appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20581307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581307" title="Man Jaiye">
Man Jaiye

Man Jaiye is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara. The film stars Rakesh Pandey.

</doc>
<doc id="20581310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581310" title="Maya Darpan">
Maya Darpan

Maya Darpan (English: "The Illusory Mirror") is an Indian Hindi film directed by Kumar Shahani. It is a significant work of the Indian Parallel Cinema movement which started during the 1970s with filmmakers Mani Kaul and Shyam Benegal. The film was forgotten soon after its release, but was rediscovered and is today considered a landmark work of Indian cinema. The film stars Aditi and Anil Pandya.
Synopsis.
The film is set in a provincial town in Northern India, at a time following the nation’s independence in 1947 when India was yet to be completely integrated as a political entity and when Nehruvian socialism was about to take on the existing feudal hierarchy.
Taran (Aditi) is the daughter of a wealthy landlord (Anil Pandya) and lives with her father and her widowed aunt (Kanta Vyas) in their ancestral mansion (which goes on to represent the whole of upper class in the film). The town is witnessing protests by newly formed labour unions which are partly being politically educated by the local railroad engineer (Iqbalnath Kaul), who seems to have an unspoken romantic relationship with Taran. Taran’s unseen brother, who had, to the chagrin of their father, renounced his class privileges and gone off to an Assamese tea estate, asks Taran to join him. Stuck in a stifling patriarchal order, with pressure to get married to an upper class groom mounting, Taran decides to talk to her father about her plans.
Rediscovery and Appreciation.
After its original release in 1972, "Maya Darpan" won the Filmfare Award for Critic's Choice Best Film, but was quickly forgotten soon after.
In an interview with Shahani, Rafique Bhagdadi and Rajiv Rao reveal the initial reaction to the film: "Despite the lavish praise it received abroad, Maya Darpan (1972) met with hostile reception in India. Critics panned it for its excessively languid pace. Others found the film to be too European in its sensibility. Those who expected poverty of metaphysics were disappointed.
The film was rediscovered through independent film enthusiasts in India dedicated to bringing Indian Parallel Cinema to the forefront of serious critical artistic discussion. The movie found a revival amongst film enthusiasts. A film blog, "The Seventh Art", stated that "We are now at a point where even the original negatives of the film face the risk of extinction. One can only hope that institutions like the World Cinema Foundation will do something about it. Kumar Shahani’s "Maya Darpan" is a seminal work in Indian Parallel Cinema not just because it canvasses critical social issues (a facet that, more or less, in hindsight, has become a characteristic of the movement) but also because it attempts to seek out a new aesthetic, which does not try to straddle mainstream cinema and art cinema, to do that."

</doc>
<doc id="20581311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581311" title="Mere Bhaiya">
Mere Bhaiya

Mere Bhaiya is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Vijay Arora and Suresh Chatwal.

</doc>
<doc id="20581312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581312" title="Parchhaiyan (film)">
Parchhaiyan (film)

Parchhaiyan is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Sharankumar Chand. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Bindu .

</doc>
<doc id="20581319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581319" title="Rani Mera Naam">
Rani Mera Naam

Rani Mera Naam is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by K.S.R.Doss. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Prem Nath . 

</doc>
<doc id="20581320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581320" title="Rivaaj">
Rivaaj

Rivaaj is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by T. Prakash Rao. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Farida Jalal and Mala Sinha . 

</doc>
<doc id="20581325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581325" title="Sa-Re-Ga-Ma-Pa">
Sa-Re-Ga-Ma-Pa

Sa-Re-Ga-Ma-Pa is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Praveen Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="20581327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581327" title="Sabse Bada Sukh">
Sabse Bada Sukh

Sabse Bada Sukh is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581328" title="Mitja Mežnar">
Mitja Mežnar

Mitja Mežnar (born June 30, 1988) is a Slovenian ski jumper who has competed since 2003. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, he finished eighth in the team large hill and 29th in the individual large hill events.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Mežnar finished eighth in the team large hill, 31st in the individual normal hill, and 47th in the individual large hill events.
His best World Cup finish was fifth in the team large hill event in Finland in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20581330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581330" title="Samaanta">
Samaanta

Samaanta is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Nitin Bose. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581332" title="Shaadi Ke Baad">
Shaadi Ke Baad

Shaadi Ke Baad is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by L. V. Prasad. The film is a remake of the 1952 Telugu film "Pelli Chesi Choodu". 

</doc>
<doc id="20581334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581334" title="Shayar-e-Kashmir Mahjoor">
Shayar-e-Kashmir Mahjoor

Shayar-e-Kashmir Mahjoor (, ) is a 1972 Bollywood biographical drama film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee. The film stars Balraj Sahni.
The film is a biography of Kashmiri poet Ghulam Ahmed Mahjoor.

</doc>
<doc id="20581336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581336" title="Shehzada">
Shehzada

Shehzada ((English Translation: The Prince)) is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by K. Shankar, set during the British Raj. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Raakhee as the lead pair and supporting cast included Veena, Pandari Bai and Karan Dawan.The music was given by R.D.Burman.
Reception.
"Shehzada" grossed 19 million in 1972 at the box-office and was declared "Semi-Hit".

</doc>
<doc id="20581337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581337" title="Anton Grot">
Anton Grot

Anton Grot (18 January 1884 – 21 March 1974) was a Polish art director. He was born in Kiełbasin, Poland and died in Stanton, California.
Awards.
Grot was nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20581340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581340" title="Sub Ka Saathi">
Sub Ka Saathi

Sub Ka Saathi is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by A. Bhimsingh. The film stars Vinod Khanna.
Plot.
A family social, strongly advocating for national integration and economic equality, it tells of a millionaires son, brought up by a Harijan couple, fighting against the evil machinations of his wealthy father to provide his kin the promised "uptopia" and also make his father repent for the manner in which he amassed wealth.

</doc>
<doc id="20581342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581342" title="Subah-o-Shyam">
Subah-o-Shyam

Subah-o-Sham is an Indo Iranian Bollywood films of 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Tapi Chanakya.

</doc>
<doc id="20581349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581349" title="Sultana Daku">
Sultana Daku

Sultana Daku is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Mohammed Hussain. The film stars Helen Jairag Richardson and Dara Singh .

</doc>
<doc id="20581351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581351" title="Agroecology in Latin America">
Agroecology in Latin America

Because of the ideological differences between industrial or mechanized agriculture and agroecology, its application has thus far been relatively limited in the U.S. (the country where industrial agriculture has been advanced the furthest). Latin America's experiences with North American Green Revolution, agricultural techniques have opened space for agroecologists. Some countries where agroecological research and practice have flourished include Costa Rica, Cuba and Brazil.
Traditional or indigenous knowledge represents a wealth of possibility for agroecologists. The relationship between agronomists and traditional (often subsistence farmers) practitioners has been termed an "exchange of wisdoms." This recognizes that Western science has some solutions and innovations to offer, while local knowledge systems developed over thousands of years have just as much, if not more, to offer. This becomes more evident still when the importance and uniqueness of local ecologies are understood as underpinning agricultural systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20581352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581352" title="Trisandhya">
Trisandhya

Trisandhya is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Raj Marbros. The film stars Bhaskar Unni, P.K. Abraham and Waheeda Rehman.

</doc>
<doc id="20581355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581355" title="Tanhai (film)">
Tanhai (film)

Tanhai is a 1972 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Rehana Sultan.

</doc>
<doc id="20581361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581361" title="Yeh Gulistan Hamara">
Yeh Gulistan Hamara

Yeh Gulistan Hamara is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Atma Ram. The film stars Dev Anand, Sharmila Tagore, Pran, Sujit Kumar, and Johny Walker, and music by S. D. Burman. Dialogue and Screenplay are by Wajahat Mirza. The films depicts a tribal community living on the border with China; the song "Mera Naam Aao" was considered particularly offensive to the Ao Naga community in Nagaland.
Plot.
India is worried about its north eastern residents who are cut off from the mainland and are generally backward, illiterate and under developed. The government appoints special officer cum civil engineer Vijay (Dev Anand)to construct a bridge over a river next to the tribal village of Ding in the north eastern part of India. Ding is ruled by the cruel and autocratic Deng Do Rani (Pran) and his henchmen Haku (Jankidas), Teju (Sujit Kumar) and trusted fighter Soo Reni (Sharmila Tagore), a beautiful girl. Deng Do Rani wants to sabotage the construction and sends Soo Reni and other warriors to demolish the bridge. They are captured by Vijay's officers and treated with respect and equality. Deng Do Rani sends others to kill the band captured, and the Indian Officers under the leadership of Vijay fight bravely to protect them. Soo Reni and her companions have a change of heart and pledge to support Vijay in his mission. Vijay and Soo Reni also fall in love with each other.

</doc>
<doc id="20581365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581365" title="Zaroorat">
Zaroorat

Zaroorat is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara.
Story.
Anju (Reena Roy) is a poor village girl, who comes to Mumbai looking for a job. There she meets Rakesh (Vijay Arora) and falls in love. Badal (Asit Sen) has his eye on Anju. He gives her a job in his company. In return he wants sexual favors from her. One day he takes her to his farmhouse and attempts to rape her. Anju escapes from his clutch and tells it to Rakesh, who beats him up. Asit recruits the local goonda Mohinder to take revenge. Rakesh kills Mohinder after a violent fight. Anju and Rakesh live happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="20581373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581373" title="Bandagi">
Bandagi

Bandagi is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by K. Shankar. The film stars Pandharibai.

</doc>
<doc id="20581375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581375" title="Bansi Birju">
Bansi Birju

Bansi Birju is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by Prakash Verma. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581377" title="Ek Hasina Do Diwane">
Ek Hasina Do Diwane

Ek Hasina Do Diwane is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by S.M. Abbas. The film stars Jeetendra, Babita and Vinod Khanna . 

</doc>
<doc id="20581379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581379" title="Ek Nazar">
Ek Nazar

Ek Nazar is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by B.R. Ishara. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bachchan and Nadira. The story was very good and nicely presented. Especially the second half of the film has many ups and downs, murder mystery, court room scenes, good acting and family drama. In short, a must see for those who like to see a complete movie with good story, acting and music. This film had all the three elements. But unfortunately, this film could do average business.

</doc>
<doc id="20581380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581380" title="Gabriele Pin">
Gabriele Pin

Gabriele Pin (born 21 January 1962 in Vittorio Veneto), is an Italian football coach. He is working as Cesare Prandelli's assistant with the Italy, after working with him during the former's stints at Parma and Fiorentina.
Pin became a coach after a long professional career as a midfielder. As a player, he won the Scudetto and Intercontinental Cup with Juventus and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Super Cup with Parma.

</doc>
<doc id="20581383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581383" title="Gaon Hamara Shaher Tumhara">
Gaon Hamara Shaher Tumhara

Gaon Hamara Shaher Tumhara is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Rajendra Kumar and Rekha .
Plot.
Chandershekhar Pandey and his wife, Lajwanti, come to visit Brij Bhushan and his widowed mother in their village. They assure Brij's mom that in exchange of their land, they will get Brij a small shop in Bombay, and in this way they get the land transferred in their name. Ten years later, Brij's mom passes away and re-locates to Bhuleshwar, Bombay, where Chandershekhar lives with his wife, two unmarried sons, Ram and Shyam, and an unmarried daughter, Bindu. Brij is treated as a mere servant, not paid, but abused and beaten everyday, needless to say Chandershekhar is not going to fulfill his promise of getting him a shop. His only companion on which he shoulder he can cry is the Pandey's maidservant, Parvati alias Paro. Then things turn better for Brij when he finds himself the lucky owner of a Rs.2,50,000 lottery ticket. This suddenly changes everyone's attitude toward him, he is pampered, fed, driven around town, and even given new clothes. But when the Pandeys find out that the ticket he is holding is not the winning number, Brij is once again beaten, and asked to leave. The question remains, with nowhere to return to, where will poor Brij go?

</doc>
<doc id="20581388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581388" title="Jangal Mein Mangal">
Jangal Mein Mangal

Jangal Mein Mangal is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by Rajendra Bhatia. The film stars Kiran Kumar and Reena Roy . 

</doc>
<doc id="20581391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581391" title="Zindagi Zindagi">
Zindagi Zindagi

Zindagi Zindagi is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by Tapan Sinha. The film stars Deb Mukherjee, Waheeda Rehman, Farida Jalal and Ashok Kumar . The film revolves around life in a village hospital and has casteism as an issue at its core. It had excellent music by S. D. Burman which fetched him a National Award for Best Music. It is a remake of Tapan Sinha's Bengali hit "Khoniker Atithi".
Box office.
The film was a huge critical and commercial failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20581395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581395" title="Alphonso Van Marsh">
Alphonso Van Marsh

Alphonso Van Marsh is an American journalist and war correspondent. He is an African American television network reporter based outside the United States.
Marsh was formally named one of Cable News Network’s (CNN) first “Video Correspondents” in 2003. Often reporting solo from countries like Iraq and Afghanistan, Marsh broke the story of Saddam Hussein’s capture while on assignment in Iraq in December 2003. He used CNN’s digital newsgathering technology in place of traditional two- and three-member newsgathering crews.
Background and journalism career.
Marsh uses portable video cameras, laptop computers, satellite and Internet technology to report, produce, shoot, edit and transmit stories. Marsh has reported from dozens of countries and numerous war zones. He reported solo from a rooftop in Tikrit - Saddam Hussein’s hometown - with exclusive video of U.S. troops celebrating after their raid. Marsh has embedded with American, British, Canadian and Egyptian troops on various assignments.
Marsh has spent most of his journalism career in the Middle East and Africa, having been based in Cairo, Istanbul, Nairobi and Johannesburg. He started as an intern with CNN’s Investigative Unit in 1993, and has worked as an associate producer, field producer, writer, line producer, interim bureau chief, bureau operations director and correspondent across CNN’s networks. His portfolio of assignments range from covering HIV/AIDS in Africa to conflicts in the Middle East.
Marsh also reports with traditional newsgathering crews. As a general assignment reporter based out of CNN’s London bureau, Marsh has covered topics ranging from the Royal Family, the inquest into the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, massive flooding in southern England and the hunt for a serial killer. In 2007 Marsh participated in an award-winning series of television and radio reports, original on-line content and digital stills images marking the abolition of slavery in the British Empire.
Marsh is known for his ability to cover quirky feature stories–like London’s April 2007 world record attempt to form the largest Monty Python coconut orchestra–as well as breaking news such as his reports on the kidnapping of Western tourists in Egypt in October 2008.
Alphonso Van Marsh holds degrees from the University of California-Berkeley and Northwestern University’s Medill School of Journalism.
Awards and recognition.
In 2004, Marsh won a National Headliner Award for his reporting of Saddam Hussein’s capture. He has received honors for his international, breaking news, deadline, feature, documentary, sports, and business reports, as well as for his photography and editing skills.
The New York Association of Black Journalists named Marsh its “Trailblazer” award winner in February 2008 for his body of work, stating, “Alphonso Van Marsh, of CNN has been criss-crossing the world and breaking news in defiance of what critics said he was capable of, in the sometimes fickle and always subjective world of TV News.”
Marsh has been a Washington Post-Donald Graham Fellow, a Scripps Howard Fellow, Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education fellow as well as a fellow with the German Marshall Fund of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20581398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581398" title="Dil Ka Raja">
Dil Ka Raja

Dil Ka Raja is a 1972 Bollywood action film produced by A.A. Nadiadwala and directed by 
P. Madhavan. The film stars Ajit, Indrani Mukherjee, Waheeda Rehman and Raaj Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581400" title="Do Yaar">
Do Yaar

Do Yaar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Kewal Misra. The film stars Vinod Khanna, Rekha and Shatrughan Sinha. The film was later remade in Telugu as Iddaru Iddare (1976) starring Shobhan Babu, Krishnam Raju, Manjula, and Chandrakala. It was also remade in Tamil as Kuppathu Raja (1979) with Rajinikanth, Vijayakumar and Manjula.

</doc>
<doc id="20581402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581402" title="Carl Nordin">
Carl Nordin

Carl Nordin (born 23 December 1989) is a Swedish ski jumper.
He made his Continental Cup debut in December 2004 in Rovaniemi, and his best results are two 24th places from Hinterzarten and Iron Mountain in February 2008. He participated in the FIS Junior World Ski Championships in 2006, 2007 and 2009. He made his World Cup debut in March 2008 in Planica, but only has one finish in an individual competition; in February 2009 in Klingenthal.

</doc>
<doc id="20581403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581403" title="Double Cross (1972 film)">
Double Cross (1972 film)

Double Cross is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Gogi Anand. The film stars Vijay Anand and Rekha .

</doc>
<doc id="20581406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581406" title="Milap">
Milap

Milap is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by B.R. Ishara . The film stars Shatrughan Sinha and Danny Denzongpa.
Cast.
Similar movie to the one filmed by Basu Chatterjee in the same year.
Music.
The film has a popular song "Kai Sadiyon Se, Kai Janmo Se" sung by Mukesh.

</doc>
<doc id="20581409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581409" title="Raaste Kaa Patthar">
Raaste Kaa Patthar

Raaste Kaa Patthar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Mukul Dutt. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Shatrughan Sinha. It is similar to the movie The Apartment as it follows almost the same storyline until the end.

</doc>
<doc id="20581410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581410" title="Moss Lake Bog">
Moss Lake Bog

Moss Lake Bog located in the town of Caneadea, New York, outside of Houghton, New York is a glacial kettle lake which filled with melt water and rain. Over time, sphagnum moss has grown over the open water, turning it into an acidic bog. It is managed by the Nature Conservancy. It was declared a National Natural Landmark in May 1973
Visiting.
It is open to the public daily. There is a trail which circles the lake and a boardwalk which lets you cross safely through the moss. Many types of carnivorous plants and over 75 species of birds have been sighted.

</doc>
<doc id="20581411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581411" title="Tangewala">
Tangewala

Tangewala is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Mumtaz and Rajendra Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581413" title="Zameen Aasmaan (1972 film)">
Zameen Aasmaan (1972 film)

Zameen Aasmaan is a 1972 Hindi action film directed by A. Veerappan. It has a popular song "aisa sama na hota" sung by Lata Mangeshkar.

</doc>
<doc id="20581421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581421" title="Do Gaz Zameen Ke Neeche">
Do Gaz Zameen Ke Neeche

Do Gaz Zameen Ke Neeche is a 1972 Hindi horror film directed by Tulsi Ramsay & Shyam Ramsay.
Plot.
A rich young scientist rescues a woman and marries her, only to have her and her uncle murder him for his money... but he returns as a zombie, because his experiments involved raising the dead.Scientist Rajvansh made a plot to kill his wife and her boyfriend .

</doc>
<doc id="20581424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581424" title="Electoral district of Richmond (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Richmond (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Richmond was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Richmond to the north of Hobart.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1903 election. Its first member, Thomas Gregson, served as the second Premier of Tasmania for a few weeks in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="20581428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581428" title="Garam Masala (1972 film)">
Garam Masala (1972 film)

Garam Masala is a 1972 Bollywood comedy film directed by Aspi Irani. The film stars Aruna Irani and Mehmood.
Plot.
Lusty womanizer, army Captain Kishore, wants a gypsy dancer for himself, and is ready to kill anyone who tries to get in the way. But his plans are foiled when the woman kills herself, leaving behind an injured father, the head of the gypsies, and a younger sister by the name of Jugnu. Jugnu swears to avenge her sister's death, and seeks training from Robert Taylor, and becomes an expert in weapons and fist-fighting. She assumes the guise of a masked male and calls herself "Garam Masala", and inflicts terror in Captain Kishore's life and army. Garam Masala's attempts to kill Kishore are foiled when she is captured. She is rescued by a mysterious masked male, who disappears into the night. Kishore is clearly baffled by the appearance of two masked men, and asks his men to search high and low for them. In the meantime, Kishore returns to his kingdom, which has its King missing for several years, and the prince - a puppet in the hands of Kishore and his men. Will the two masked men be able to bring Kishore to justice, and end his tyrannical rule over this region?

</doc>
<doc id="20581432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581432" title="Pyaar Diwana">
Pyaar Diwana

Pyaar Diwana is a 1972 Bollywood comedy film directed by Samar Chatterjee. The film stars Kishore Kumar and Mumtaz .

</doc>
<doc id="20581441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581441" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991

Yugoslavia made their penultimate Eurovision entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, held in Rome, Italy.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, "Jugovizija 1991", was held on 9 March at the Sarajevo TV studios in Sarajevo, and was hosted by Draginja Balac and Senad Hadžifejzović.
Sixteen songs made it to the national final, which was broadcast by JRT to all of the regions of Yugoslavia. The winner was decided by the votes of eight regional juries (Sarajevo, Zagreb, Skopje, Titograd, Belgrade, Ljubljana, Priština and Novi Sad).
The winning entry was "Brazil," performed by Serbian singer Bebi Dol, composed by Zoran Vračević and written by Bebi Dol.
At Eurovision.
Bebi Dol was the first performer on the night of the Contest, preceding Iceland. At the close of the voting the song had received 1 point, coming 21st in the field of 22 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20581443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581443" title="Gomti Ke Kinare">
Gomti Ke Kinare

Gomti Ke Kinare is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Saawan Kumar Tak. The film stars Meena Kumari and Mumtaz. Amitabh Bachchan was being considered (to play hero opposite Mumtaz) by Saawan Kumar and Meena Kumari. However Mumtaz, who was close to the Khan brothers those days, recommended Sameer Khan, and the audience missed the golden opportunity to see Amitabh along with legendary Meena Kumari.

</doc>
<doc id="20581449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581449" title="Sazaa">
Sazaa

Sazaa is a 1972 Bollywood thriller film directed by Chand.

</doc>
<doc id="20581459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581459" title="Hari Darshan">
Hari Darshan

Hari Darshan is a 1972 Bollywood religious film directed by Chandrakan. The film stars Dara Singh & other artists of Indian film Industry, who portray different characters during the time of Bhakt Prahlad.
The story revolves around the devotee Prahlad. It also show cases different Avtars (incarnations) of lord Shri Hari Vishnuji.

</doc>
<doc id="20581463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581463" title="Kristoffer Jåfs">
Kristoffer Jåfs

Kristofer Jåfs (born 30 July 1980) is a retired Swedish ski jumper. He competed in the FIS Ski Jumping World Cup from 1998 to 2003, with a fourth place being his best career finish. He also competed in three World Championships.
He made his World Cup debut in November 1998 with a 48th place in Lillehammer, and participated in the Four Hills Tournament where he collected his first World Cup points with an eighteenth place in Oberstdorf. He continued finishing lowly until March 1999, when he racked up two fourteenth places in Lahti and Oslo, and two 25th places in Trondheim and Falun.
In the 1999–2000 season he did not collect a single World Cup point, despite several starts, but in the 2000–2001 season he competed more often and did better. He took a fourteenth place already in December in Kuopio, followed up with a seventeenth place in January in Park City and a fourth place in March in Trondheim. At the 1999 World Ski Championships he finished 46th in the normal hill and 29th in the large hill, and at the 2001 World Ski Championships he finished 18th in the normal hill, 25th in the large hill and tenth in the team competition.
He made his Continental Cup debut in November 2001 in Kuusamo, and his best results were two eighth places from Falun and Calgary in 2002. He also competed in the 2001–2002 World Cup, but with a 22nd place (Engelberg in December) as the best finish. In the 2002–2003 World Cup he finished between 20th and 30th place five times. At the 2003 World Ski Championships he finished 34th in the normal hill and 33rd in the large hill.

</doc>
<doc id="20581473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581473" title="Ken Butler">
Ken Butler

Kenneth Lee "Ken" Butler (born August 3, 1948) is an artist and musician, as well as an experimental musical instrument builder. His Hybrid musical instruments and other artworks explore the interaction and transformation of common and uncommon objects, altered images, sounds and silence. The idea of bricolage, essentially using whatever is “at hand”, is at the center of his art, encompassing a wide range of practice that combines live music, instrument design, performance art, theater, sculpture, installation, photography, film/video, graphic design, drawing, and collage. 
He is internationally recognized as an innovator of experimental musical instruments created from diverse materials including tools, sports equipment, and household objects.
His works have been exhibited and performed in galleries, clubs, museums, festivals, and theatres throughout the USA, Canada, and Europe including The Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam and Lincoln Center and The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City as well as in South America and Japan.
Early life.
Butler studied viola as a child and maintained a strong interest in music while studying the visual arts at Colorado College and in France at The Institute for American Universities in Aix-en-Provence, completing his MFA in painting from Portland State University in 1977. He moved to New York City in 1988 from Portland, Oregon.
Collaborations.
In the past and currently Butler has worked with artists like John Zorn, Laurie Anderson, Butch Morris, The Soldier String Quartet. Butler has released an album on John Zorn's label Tzadik Records, performed in many places among which the Knitting Factory.
Media Appearances.
His works have been reviewed in The New York Times, The Village Voice, Artforum, Smithsonian, and Sculpture Magazine and have been featured on PBS, CNN, MTV, and NBC, including a live appearance on The Tonight Show.

</doc>
<doc id="20581478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581478" title="Dave Leonhard">
Dave Leonhard

David Paul Leonhard (born January 22, 1941) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Baltimore Orioles. Listed at 5' 11", 165 lb., Leonhard batted and threw right-handed. He attended Johns Hopkins University.
A native of Arlington, Virginia, Leonhard was signed by the Orioles as a free agent in 1963. He started his professional career with Class C Aberdeen Pheasants (1963–1964), and won the International League Pitcher of the Year Award while playing for the Rochester Red Wings in 1967, gaining a promotion to Baltimore late in the season. 
In three games with the 1967 Orioles, Leonhard went 0-0 with a 3.14 ERA in 14 ⅓ innings of work. In 1968 collected a 7-7 record in a starting rotation that included Dave McNally (22-10), Jim Hardin (18-13) and Tom Phoebus (15-15), but with the emergence of Jim Palmer in 1969, he was relegated to the bullpen.
In a six-season career, Leonhard posted a 16-14 record with a 3.15 ERA in 117 appearances, including 29 starts, seven complete games, four shutouts and five saves, giving up 118 earned runs on 287 hits and 150 walks while striking out 146 in 337.0 innings. 
Leonhard appeared in the 1969 and 1971 World Series (3.00 ERA in two games), and won a World Series ring in 1970 though he did not play in the Series. He also pitched with the Puerto Rican team in the 1971 Caribbean Series and for Triple-A Salt Lake City Angels in 1973.
1968 season.
Today, Leonhard and his wife own a flower shop and nursery in Beverly, Massachusetts. They are well known for their flower arrangements for weddings and their vast array of flowers, tomato and herb plants and ornamental shrubs and small trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20581499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581499" title="Thomas Dickson (Nova Scotia politician)">
Thomas Dickson (Nova Scotia politician)

Thomas Dickson (July 8, 1791 – February 13, 1855) was a lawyer and political figure. He represented Sydney County from 1818 to 1836, Pictou County from 1838 to 1840 and Colchester County from 1841 to 1843 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
Dickson was born in Onslow, Nova Scotia, the son of Charles Dickson and Amelia Bishop, migrants from Connecticut. He studied law with Samuel George William Archibald, his brother-in-law, and set up practice in Pictou in 1816. In 1818, Dickson married Sarah Ann Patterson. He was named registrar of probate in 1842. He also served as collector of impost and excise for Pictou district. He died in Pictou at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="20581502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581502" title="Electoral district of Ringarooma">
Electoral district of Ringarooma

The Electoral district of Ringarooma was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Ringarooma in north-eastern Tasmania.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1886 state election out of parts of the seats of George Town, Selby and Fingal, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20581513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581513" title="Samuel McMichael">
Samuel McMichael

Samuel Albert McMichael (18 July 1869 – 21 April 1923) was an Australian first-class cricketer who represented Victoria in the Sheffield Shield. He also played Australian rules football with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
McMichael played his cricket as a specialist batsman but managed just six half centuries during his time at Victoria. His highest score of 97 was made in a match against South Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
In addition to his cricket career, McMichael played ten games for Fitzroy during the 1897 VFL season, including their first ever game in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="20581519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581519" title="Michael Herb">
Michael Herb

Michael Herb is an American political scientist who gained prominence through his thesis of Arab monarchies.
Biographical details.
Herb graduated from University of Washington in 1987, earned his masters degree from UCLA in 1992, and completed his doctorate at UCLA in 1997. He joined the faculty of the Georgia State Political Science Department in 1998.
All in the Family.
In 1999, Herb published . The book's central thesis is that the main reason for the resilience of Arab monarchies is not oil wealth or the lack of a middle class, but because numerous members of the royal family hold key positions in government.
Articles.
Politics 37, no. 3 (April): 297-316.

</doc>
<doc id="20581526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581526" title="Vincent &quot;Randy&quot; Chin">
Vincent &quot;Randy&quot; Chin

Vincent "Randy" Chin (born 3 October 1937, Kingston, Jamaica died 2 February 2003, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States) was a Jamaican record producer and label owner who ran the Randy's shop, recording studio, and record label, later moving to New York City and setting up the VP Records empire, now the world's largest independent label and distributor of Caribbean music in the world.
Biography.
Chin was the son of a carpenter who left mainland China for a brief stay in Cuba, and then permanently settled in the 1920s in Jamaica. As a teenager in the early 1950s, Vincent oversaw the stocking and maintenance of jukeboxes in the island's bars for Isaac Issa, a prominent Syrian-Jamaican businessman. He kept the excess and replaced records and used them to open up his Randy's Records store on the corner of East and Tower streets in Kingston in 1958 on (the name coming from an American record store that sponsored an R&B radio show that could be picked up on the island). His son, Clive Chin, explained: "He kept dem records, and that was the springboard of his business, y'know?".
He began recording local artists, becoming one of the first to issue locally recorded music on the island. Early successes as a producer included ska singles by calypso singer Lord Creator, and one of the first singles issued by Island Records was Creator's "Independent Jamaica" in 1962, which was produced by Chin. Other early hits included releases by Basil Gabbidon, Jackie Opel, John Holt, and the duo Alton & Eddie (Alton Ellis and Eddie Perkins). In 1962, Chin relocated the store to a former ice cream parlour at 16-17 North Parade, and he and his wife Patricia set up a recording studio above the shop, which became known locally as Studio 17. By the early 1970s, engineer Errol Thompson had upgraded the studio with more modern equipment, and Clive took a lead production role, with the house band, "Randy's All-Stars", including among its members Wailers bassist and keyboard player Aston "Familyman" Barrett and Tyrone Downie, drummer Sly Dunbar, and a young keyboard player named Horace Swaby, later better known as Augustus Pablo. The studio proved popular with many of Jamaica's leading producers. Lee "Scratch" Perry recorded several tracks there with Bob Marley and the Wailers 1970-71, and other major stars to record there included Gregory Isaacs, Dennis Brown, Burning Spear, and Johnny Nash. The studio was later upgraded to 16 tracks, and was used by Vincent's eldest son Clive to record Augustus Pablo's "This Is Augustus Pablo" debut album in 1973. 
The Chin family expanded their business interests into the United States, with the opening of branches of Randy's run by Vincent's brothers Victor and Keith. The family later began pressing records and moved into distribution. In 1979, Chin closed the Randy's studio and moved to New York and with his wife Patricia, opening the VP Records (the initials of Vincent and Patricia) store and label in Queens. VP became the US's largest reggae record company, and later acquired Greensleeves Records, becoming the world's largest independent label and distributor of Caribbean music. In 2002, the label later formed a distribution/marketing partnership with Atlantic Records.
Vincent Chin moved to Miami before retiring, his health deteriorating due to diabetes. He died on 2 February 2003.
Discography.
A three-CD set celebrating the history of Randy's records was released in 2008, fifty years after the label was started.

</doc>
<doc id="20581550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581550" title="Lake Stella">
Lake Stella

Lake Stella is a lake that is located in Alger County, Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. Other nearby lakes include Round Lake, Stoner Lake, West Branch Lake, Hugaboom Lake, Blue Lake, Ironjaw Lake, Ostrande Lake, Corner-Straits Chain and Toms Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20581567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581567" title="Mount Gordon">
Mount Gordon

Mount Gordon is a cinder cone in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska, United States, located between Nabesna Glacier and the stratovolcano Mount Drum. It is the most prominent of a group of Pleistocene and Holocene cinder cones, most of which are less than high. The exact age of Mount Gordon remains unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20581595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581595" title="Gramma brasiliensis">
Gramma brasiliensis

Gramma brasiliensis is a species of basslet endemic to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it is a reef inhabitant. It prefers areas with rocks or coral. This species can reach a length of SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20581618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581618" title="Assessor macneilli">
Assessor macneilli

Assessor macneilli is a fish from the Southwest Atlantic Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 6 centimeters in length. It is purple-blue with long fins. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581624" title="Carl Richards">
Carl Richards

Carl Richards is an English former professional footballer. He played for four Football League clubs in a six-year professional career during the 1980s and 1990s, making over 200 League appearances. He played as a forward.
Playing career.
Richards signed for A.F.C. Bournemouth from non-League side Enfield in 1986. He made 71 league appearances for "the Cherries" in two years with the club, scoring sixteen goals.
In 1988 he signed for Birmingham City. In one season at St. Andrews, he made nineteen league appearances and scored two goals.
Peterborough United signed Richards in 1989, and in one season with "the Posh", he made twenty league appearances and scored five goals.
In 1990 he joined Jimmy Mullen's Blackpool. He made his debut for the club on 3 February, in a 3–1 victory over Mansfield Town at Bloomfield Road. He scored the hosts' third goal. He went on to make a further fifteen league appearances in the 1989–90 campaign, scoring three more goals in the process (including the only goal of the game in a victory Leyton Orient on 20 March. At the season's end, however, Blackpool were relegated to Division Four, and Jimmy Mullen was sacked.
Mullen was replaced by Graham Carr for the start of the 1990–91 season. Carr did not start in any of Carr's seventeen league games in charge, but he did appear in one League Cup and one FA Cup tie under Carr.
Carr was sacked at the end of November, and his replacement, Billy Ayre, eventually gave Richards a starting place alongside Dave Bamber. Richards made 22 league appearances in 1990–91 and scored four goals.
In 1991–92, Richards made just three league appearances as Blackpool won promotion back to the third tier of English football via the end-of-season play-offs.
Richards left Blackpool to return to Enfield, where he finished his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20581633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581633" title="Assessor flavissimus">
Assessor flavissimus

Assessor flavissimus is a fish from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 5.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20581642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581642" title="Platax teira">
Platax teira

Platax teira, also known as the teira batfish, longfin batfish, longfin spadefish, or round faced batfish is a fish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.
Description.
"Platax teira" has a dark blotch under the pectoral fin, with another long dark mark above the base of the anal fin. Looked at from the side, it has a roughly circular body with a low hump on the nape. This fish is usually silver, grey or brownish. It has a blackish band through the eye and another band with the pectoral fin.
Distribution.
In Australia it can be found from the central coast of Western Australia, around the tropical north of the country and south to the southern coast of New South Wales.
Habitat.
The species occurs in shallow coastal habitats to deeper offshore.
Diet.
"Platax teira" is an omnivore. It will eat plankton, sessile invertebrates, small invertebrates, and marine algae.
In the Aquarium.
They are a very peaceful and social fish and will form schools with others of their species. They should not be kept with very aggressive species that may harass them as juveniles. Teira batfish are usually rather small when first purchased, but they will rapidly outgrow a small home aquarium to reach a maximum size of 24".

</doc>
<doc id="20581653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581653" title="Charles Harrison (British politician)">
Charles Harrison (British politician)

Charles Harrison (1 August 1835 – 24 December 1897) was a British Liberal Party politician.
Harrison was born in Muswell Hill, Middlesex, and was the third son of Frederick Harrison, a stockbroker, and his wife, Jane Brice. He was educated at King's College School and King's College London. In 1858 he entered business as a solicitor at the firm of his uncle, also named Charles Harrison. He acquired a large practice in his own right, with major clients being the London Chatham and Dover Railway and the Law Fire Insurance Society. He became an advocate of the rights of tenants to purchase their properties and of the provision of housing for the working classes. In this he was in agreement with the policies of the Radical wing of the Liberal Party. In 1886 he married Lady Harriet Barlow.
His active involvement with politics came with the creation of the London County Council in 1889. He was elected as one of the council's first members, representing Bethnal Green South West as a member of the Liberal-backed Progressive Party. He was a leading member of the council, and vice-chairman from 1892 – 1895. His interests in the government of the capital led him to call for the municipalisation of the London docks and the unification of the City of London with the county.
On two occasions Harrison stood for election to the United Kingdom House of Commons on behalf of the Liberals. In 1892 he failed to be elected at Plymouth. He stood again at the ensuing general election in 1895, and became one of the town's two members of parliament, while continuing to hold his seat on the London County Council.
Harrison became suddenly ill with inflammation of the throat at the funeral of Sir Frank Lockwood on 23 December 1897 and died at his London home on the following day from heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20581667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581667" title="Gobiderma">
Gobiderma

Gobiderma is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous lizard whose fossils are known from the Gobi Desert in southern Mongolia. It was first discovered as a result of a joint Polish-Mongolian Paleontological Expedition, and formally named in 1984. In life, it probably resembled lizards of the genus "Heloderma" to a large degree, though its skull was more elongated than lizards of that genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20581676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581676" title="Ecsenius bicolor">
Ecsenius bicolor

Ecsenius bicolor, commonly known as the Flame tail blenny or Bicolor blenny, 
is a Blenny from the Indo-Pacific. It frequently makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20581678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581678" title="Horace Evans, 1st Baron Evans">
Horace Evans, 1st Baron Evans

Horace Evans, 1st Baron Evans (1 January 1903 – 26 October 1963) was a Welsh physician who served the royal family of the United Kingdom.
Background and education.
Evans was born in Merthyr Tydfil, son of the prominent musician Harry Evans. His younger brother, Hubert, became a diplomat. He grew up in Dowlais when his family moved to Liverpool he was educated at Liverpool College. He studied at the Guildhall School of Music, but decided on a career in medicine, and studied at the London Hospital medical school from 1921 to 1928.
Career.
He continued his career at the London Hospital, and became physician to Queen Mary in 1946. He was later physician to her husband, King George VI and to their daughter, Queen Elizabeth II. In 1957 he was created Baron Evans, of Merthyr Tydfil in the County of Glamorgan.
Family.
Lord Evans was married, with two daughters. He died in October 1963, aged 60, when the barony became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="20581680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581680" title="Ecsenius namiyei">
Ecsenius namiyei

Ecsenius namiyei, commonly called Black comb-tooth or Namiye's coralblenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.
The Black comb-tooth is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean from the Philippines to Salomon Islands.
It grows to a size of 11 cm in length.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20581682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581682" title="Ringarooma, Tasmania">
Ringarooma, Tasmania

Ringarooma is a small town in north-eastern Tasmania. The district was opened up to farming in the 1860s, and the town itself was founded in 1882 when a rural property was subdivided into lots by landowner Christopher Krushka. It was initially known as Krushka Town before being renamed Ringarooma in November 1888, taking on the name of a coastal town near Bridport, which was renamed Boobyalla.
Today, Ringarooma is a small town surrounded by farming country near mountains such as Mount Victoria and Ben Lomond.
Ringarooma Post Office opened on 1 October 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="20581698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581698" title="Ecsenius lineatus">
Ecsenius lineatus

Ecsenius lineatus, known commonly as the Linear blenny or Lined combtooth blenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.
The Linear blenny is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-west Pacific area and particularly from the eastern coast of Africa to the Philippines.
It grows to a size of 8 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20581705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581705" title="Petani Beach">
Petani Beach

Petani Beach (also spelled Petanoi) is situated in the North West of the Paliki, in Kefalonia, Greece. The nearest large town is lixouri.
Character.
The beach is set at the base of a very steep road, surrounded by mountains, in a curved bay with a strip of pebble and sand beach which is up to 50M wide in places. The beach is about 600M long, with the central part being used by swimmers.
Petani beach is recognised for its great beauty, with many visitors comparing it with a smaller version of Myrtos Beach. It is a blue-flag beach. A favoured activity is evening swimming before watching changing colours on the sea as the sun sets in the West.
The beach slopes quickly away so that one can only go out a short distance from the shoreline before being out of depth.
Geology.
The steep surrounding hillsides at Petani Beach are made up of local limestone covered by brush undergrowth.
Travel and Amenities.
A steep, winding, hairpin-bend but well-made roads leads down to the beach area. There is no public transport to the beach.
At the end of the road, car parking is located on-road or in two small car parks linked with Tavernas. This can be crowded at the height of the tourist season. A pay car park is also available.
The beach has two large Tavernas, each of which provides a range of full meals as well as drinks and snacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20581710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581710" title="Midas blenny">
Midas blenny

Ecsenius midas, known commonly as the Midas blenny, Lyretail blenny or Golden blenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.
The Midas blenny is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area from the eastern coast of Africa, Red Sea included, to the Marquesan Islands.
It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.
Its normal color is golden orange but it can adapt its color (mimicry) to match the color of the fishes it mixes with. It shows a black spot near the anus. It is often seen in company of the lyretail anthias ("Pseudanthias squamipinnis").
The Midas blenny is a planktivore.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20581711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581711" title="Shane Dooley">
Shane Dooley

Shane Dooley (born 1986 in Tullamore, County Offaly, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling and Gaelic football with his local club Tullamore and has been a member of the Offaly senior hurling team since 2007.
Biography.
Shane Dooley was born in Tullamore, County Offaly in 1986. He was born into a family that was steeped in hurling history. His great granduncle, Tom Dooley, as well as his great grandfather and another great granduncle had all played with Offaly in the junior All-Ireland finals in 1929 and 1923 respectively. Similarly, for two decades his father Joe and his uncles Billy and Johnny formed the backbone of the Offaly senior hurling team.
Dooley was educated at the local primary school and later attended Tullamore College. It was here that his hurling skills were first nurtured. In 2001 Dooley came on as a substitute as Tullamore College were crowned Leinster Vocational Schools Junior Hurling 'B' champions following a win over Borris Vocational School. He won an All-Ireland Vocational Schools' title in 2004 following a victory over Cork.
Playing career.
Club.
Dooley plays his club hurling and football with his local club in Tullamore and has enjoyed much success at underage and senior level. He scored 2-4 in the final of the county intermediate championship in 2004, giving Tullamore a famous victory over Clonbullogue. In this grade Dooley enjoyed more success, winning a county title in 2007.
Inter-county.
Dooley made his debut with the Offaly senior inter-county team in the Leinster quarter-final defeat of Laois in 2007. He has been an ever-present feature on the starting fifteen since then, however, Offaly's hurling fortunes are still in the doldrums. Dooley has yet to line out in a Leinster final at senior level, while Offaly have failed to make the quarter-finals of the All-Ireland series for the last two years.
He has also played football with Offaly. He played Under 21 before being brought into the senior panel in the 2013 season.
Inter-provincial.
Dooley also had the honour of lining out for Leinster in the Interprovincial Championship. He secured a winners' medal in this competition in 2012 following a 2-19 to 1-15 defeat of Connacht.

</doc>
<doc id="20581718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581718" title="Teratospermia">
Teratospermia

Teratospermia or teratozoospermia is a condition characterized by the presence of sperm with abnormal morphology that affects fertility in males.
Causes.
The causes of teratospermia are unknown in most cases. However, Hodgkin's disease, coeliac disease, and Crohn's disease may contribute in some instances.
In cases of globozoospermia (sperm with round heads), the Golgi apparatus is not transformed into the acrosome that is needed for fertilization.
Symptoms and treatment.
The presence of abnormally-shaped sperm can negatively affect fertility by reducing sperm motility and/or preventing sperm from adhering to the ovum. Achieving a pregnancy may be difficult.
In testing for teratospermia, sperm are collected and analyzed under a microscope to detect abnormalities. These abnormalities may include heads that are large, small, tapered, or pyriform or tails that are abnormally shaped.
Antiestrogens have been shown to be effective in the treatment of teratospermia. 
Teratozoospermia (including the "globozoospermia" type), may be treated by intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI), injecting sperm directly into the egg. Once the egg is fertilized, abnormal sperm morphology does not appear to influence blastocyst development or blastocyst morphology. Even with severe teratozoospermia, microscopy can still detect the few sperm cells that have a "normal" morphology, allowing for optimal success rate.

</doc>
<doc id="20581722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581722" title="Stoner Lake">
Stoner Lake

Stoner Lake is a lake that is located in Alger County, Michigan with a small portion in Delta county in the Hiawatha National Forest. Other nearby lakes include Lake Stella, Round Lake, West Branch Lake, Hugaboom Lake, Blue Lake, Ironjaw Lake, Ostrander Lake, Corner-Straits Chain and Toms Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20581723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581723" title="Ecsenius gravieri">
Ecsenius gravieri

Ecsenius gravieri is a Blenny from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20581732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581732" title="Almansa Guitarras">
Almansa Guitarras

Almansa is a Spanish based guitar manufacturer which produces classical guitars, flamenco guitars, bandurrias and lutes. The company was founded in 1989, and is located in Almansa, (Albacete).

</doc>
<doc id="20581739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581739" title="Ecsenius stigmatura">
Ecsenius stigmatura

Ecsenius stigmatura is a Blenny from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. A coppery-coloured fish with a distinct blackish spot at the base of the tail. It has some vibrant colors below the eye which can be made bright pink if threatened. It grows to a size of 6 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20581757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581757" title="Ecsenius bimaculatus">
Ecsenius bimaculatus

Ecsenius bimaculatus, known commonly as the Twinspot coralblenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.
The Twinspot coralblenny is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean and particularly in the Philippines and the northeast of Borneo which is the malaysian province of Sabah.
It grows to a size of 5 cm in length.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. 

</doc>
<doc id="20581782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581782" title="Meiacanthus nigrolineatus">
Meiacanthus nigrolineatus

Meiacanthus nigrolineatus, the Blackline fangblenny, is a Blenny from the Western Indian Ocean. This species grows to a length of TL. This venomous species occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20581786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581786" title="Electoral district of Ringwood (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Ringwood (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Ringwood was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in an agricultural region to the southwest of Launceston, Tasmania's second city.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was largely recreated as Cressy at the 1886 election, with a less populated region moving to Cumberland. The seat had a higher turnover of members in its first eighteen years than any other seat in Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="20581790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581790" title="The Mulberry-Garden">
The Mulberry-Garden

"The Mulberry-Garden" is a comedy by Restoration poet and playwright Sir Charles Sedley (1639-1701) and was published in 1668
Stage History and Reception.
In his diary, Samuel Pepys mentions Sedley's long awaited play: "It being the first day of Sir Charles Sidly's new play, so long expected, "The Mulbery guarden"" Pepys, however, who frequented the theatre was disappointed after the première in the Theatre in Bridges Street on 18 May 1668. Apart from this short critique, no other comment on the performance is known. Pepys was not only disappointed with the language and design of the play; a lover of music like himself also disapproved of the musical setting.
The play was performed again on 20 May 1668, following on another probable performance the previous day. "The Mulberry-Garden" was still performed on 29 June 1668. While the play was not a smash hit, it had the average reception of so many other comedies at the time. The new edition of "The Mulberry-Garden" (1675) suggests that the play was revived for the theatre season of 1674/75.
As far as is known, "The Mulberry-Garden" was not revived after Sedley's death (1701). Unlike the well-known comedies "The Country Wife", "The Man of Mode" and Ravenscroft's "London Cuckolds", Sedley's play never belonged to a canon of plays which were regularly performed in the eighteenth century.
The Structure of "The Mulberry-Garden".
The Mulberry-Garden is a typical split-plot tragicomedy, which was a popular and thriving genre of Restoration comedy between 1660 and 1671. The multi-plot structure generally comprises a heroic couple (e.g. Althea and Eugenio, Diana and Philander in Sedley's play) in a high plot with a chivalric or aristocratic code of impeccable moral integrity, whose discourse is usually presented in (rhyming) couplets. Therefore heroic high plots in tragicomedies share with heroic drama in general the basic conception to instruct the spectator and to raise in him an admiration for the heroic characters (see Lisideus's definition of drama in John Dryden's "Essay of Dramatick Poesie").
A satiric middle plot introduces a witty "gay couple" (Olivia and Wildish, a polite "rake") that manages to live the free spirit of self-determination, although their love is frequently threatened by blocking characters (Olivia's uncle, the Puritan Sir Samuel Forecast). On the third level, the gulling plot, certain stereotypical characters, such as the sanctimonious Puritan (Sir Samuel), the modish gallant (Estridge and Modish), or the lecherous old ogler, are satirized. Examples of this type of play are James Howard's "The English Mounsieur" (1663/1674), George Etherege's "Comical Revenge: or, Love in a Tub" (1664), John Dryden's "An Evening's Love: or, The Mock Astrologer" (1667), and William Wycherley's "Love in a Wood" (1671). Although tragicomedies generally do not feature heroic characters in epic-like situations, they uphold class distinctions, social hierarchies, and aristocratic values in the high plots.
In "The Mulberry-Garden", Sedley created a heroic high plot in which the two couples are facing a sea of troubles hindering their love, and the marriages of Althea and Eugenio and Diana and Philander are finally brought about only by the device of deus ex machina. The lovers are characterized by distinctive sets of values that determine their behaviour within a frame of idealized romance. The male heroic characters follow a code of honour in the traditional vein of chivalry, and the female equivalents stand for virtue and moral integrity. As in the code of romances, the attitude towards love remains both idealistic and asexual throughout the play; the heroic lovers are never in danger of sexual promiscuity or of other forces that imperil their virtue.
It is through the female heroine of the middle plot, Olivia, that the rhyming confessions of her sister Victoria are presented as pompous. The gay couple of the middle plot offers an ideal of marriage which is based upon independence and the pursuit of one's personal happiness. Whatever standards the heroic couples (re)present, it is the marriage of Olivia and Wildish that is central to the play. Therefore, the middle plot presents a golden mean between two extremes. Although "The Mulberry-Garden" is not anti-heroic, the validity of older, stricter conventions of patriarchal authority and unreflecting obedience are called into question.
The original Mulberry garden was a tree-planted pleasure ground and occupied the site of the present Buckingham Palace and gardens. Its name derives from a garden of mulberry trees planted in the reign of James I. in 1609. For "Bellamira: or, The Mistress", Sedley's racy comedy of 1687, see Bellamira (play).

</doc>
<doc id="20581791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581791" title="Mount Dana (Alaska)">
Mount Dana (Alaska)

Mount Dana is a small stratovolcano of the Alaska Peninsula, United States, located northeast of Canoe Bay inlet at the head of Pavlof Bay. It was the source for a major eruption about 3840 years ago that produced a pyroclastic flow that filled valleys south and west of the volcano's crater and reached the sea at Canoe Bay.
Geography and geology.
Dana is northeast of the Canoe Bay inlet, as it sits at the top of Pavlof Bay. It is from Anchorage, the capital of Alaska.
The United States has the most active volcanoes in the world, many of them geologically young. In Alaska, at least 50 volcanoes, including those in the Aleutian archipelago, have erupted in historical time. The state accounts for ~80% of the United States' volcanoes, excluding the seamounts in the area, ~8% of world volcanoes, and most of these are located among the Aleutian Islands. The Aleutian Islands arc serves as the northern boundary of the Pacific Ring of Fire, where tectonic activity generates earthquakes and volcanic eruptions in masses.
Made up of calcium and alkaline, the volcano hosts remnants of andesite-based dome, just off the western side of the crater and east of Knutson Lake. It resides on submarine sandstone and shale, timed at the Jurassic and Cretaceous eras. Rising , the volcano is topped by a crater 1.5 kilometers in height by 2 kilometers in width. To the southwest of the caldera, an exposed sector reveals a layer of sedimentary Mesozoic era stone. 
Mount Dana is easily accessible from Canoe Bay, at any time of the year.
Eruptive history.
While no recorded eruptions have taken place at the volcano, a flow of blocky lava and volcanic ash is evident on the side of the volcano, streaming into Canoe Bay. Cold springs and an enormous hill of tufa at the volcano also suggest that Dana erupted previously.

</doc>
<doc id="20581796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581796" title="Meiacanthus bundoon">
Meiacanthus bundoon

Meiacanthus bundoon, the Bundoon blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny from the Pacific Ocean where it is known from Fiji and Tonga. This species grows to a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20581798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581798" title="Sudar">
Sudar

Sudar (Croatian: "Crash") is a 2008 album by Serbian pop singer Ana Stanić. It was released on March 10, 2008.
The album contains 13 songs and one bonus. One of the producers was popular Serbian hip hop singer and producer Sky Wikluh. Ana Stanić promoted her fifth studio album at the roof of The Army Home in Belgrade, on June 17.

</doc>
<doc id="20581803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581803" title="1918–19 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1918–19 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1918-19 campaign was the last season of wartime football before the end of World War I. Town played in the Midland League and finished in 6th place, as well as 3rd place in Section "C" of the Subsidiary Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20581813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581813" title="Meiacanthus oualanensis">
Meiacanthus oualanensis

Meiacanthus oualanensis is a Blenny from the Western Central Pacific where it is only known from Fiji. This species grows to a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="20581835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581835" title="Striped Blenny">
Striped Blenny

The striped blenny or striped poison-fang blenny, "Meiacanthus grammistes", is a species of combtooth blenny from the western Pacific Ocean and eastern Atlantic Ocean. The fish stays in the open ocean, but travels into shallow saltwater and brackish estuaries. This venomous species occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. The fish is stout and deep-bodied, with a pointed snout and long continuous dorsal fin. It is brown with tan wavy bands stretching the length of its body. On the dorsal fin near the head is a small blue spot. This species grows to TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20581886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581886" title="Salarias segmentatus">
Salarias segmentatus

Salarias segmentatus is a species of combtooth blenny from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. This species reaches a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20581891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581891" title="19th Congress of the Civic Democratic Party">
19th Congress of the Civic Democratic Party

19th Congress of the Civic Democratic Party was an annual meeting of the delegates of the Civic Democratic Party which took place in Prague from 5 December 2008 to 7 December 2008.
Overview.
Congress of the Civic Democratic Party takes place every year. A new chairman and a new presidium of the party are elected every two years. The party lost its governorships in every region in the 2008 regional elections. Mirek Topolanek, the Prime Miister and the chairman of the party, was challenged by the Mayor of Prague and the 1st Vice Chairman of the party, Pavel Bém.
Chairmanship.
The election of new chairman took place on 7 December 2008. There were 492 delegates. 6 votes were invalid. Mirek Topolanek was elected in the first round.
Vice chairmanships.
1st Vice chairman.
There were 4 candidates in the first round for the position. Petr Bendl, Ivan Langer, Evžen Tošenovský and David Vodrážka. There were 492 delegates, 2 votes were invalid.
The two candidates with the most points got on the second round. There were 492 delegates and 3 votes were invalid.
Nobody got the majority of the votes so no one was elected. After a conversation with Prime Minister and the chairman of the party, Mirek Topolánek, Ivan Langer withdrew his candidacy.
In the third round, David Vodrážka was the only candidate and was elected by the majority of the votes.
Vice chairmans.
Ivan Langer, Petr Gandalovič, Petr Nečas and Petr Bendl were elected vice chairmans of the Civic Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20581906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581906" title="Fábio Pereira da Silva">
Fábio Pereira da Silva

Fábio Pereira da Silva (born 9 July 1990), commonly known as Fábio or Fábio da Silva, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a full-back for Cardiff City and the Brazil national team. He and his twin brother Rafael began their careers with Fluminense in their native Brazil before being signed by English club Manchester United in February 2007. Unlike his brother, Fábio struggled to hold down a place in the Manchester United first team, and after a loan spell with Queens Park Rangers in 2012–13, he made a permanent move to Cardiff in January 2014.
Early life.
Fábio was born in Petrópolis, approximately one hour's drive away from Rio de Janeiro in Rio de Janeiro state, and began playing football from the age of five. He and his identical twin, Rafael, would play five-a-side in the city. They were then spotted by a representative of Fluminense, who gave them the opportunity to play for the club; they went to live at the club's training center at Xerém when they were just 11 years old.
Club career.
Fluminense.
Fábio began his football career as a defensive midfielder with his local club, Boa Esperança, but he was converted to left back when he joined Fluminense of Rio de Janeiro. With Fluminense, Fábio took part in the 2005 Nike Premier Cup in Hong Kong, where he was spotted by Manchester United scout Les Kershaw, who remarked that the twins reminded him of "two little whippets". Kershaw then telephoned Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson and recommended that the club sign the Da Silva twins. Manchester United got in touch with Fluminense and asked permission for the twins to travel to Manchester to train with them in 2005. Shortly afterwards, a scout claiming to represent Arsenal visited the twins and asked them to come to England to train with Arsenal without the permission of Fluminense; however, they were dissuaded from this by their mother, who reminded them that they had been with Fluminense since they were 11, and that they should show the club some loyalty. Therefore, they decided to sign for Manchester United over Arsenal, and the two clubs agreed a deal in February 2007; the twins moved to Manchester in January 2008 without ever having played for the Fluminense first team.
Manchester United.
Despite signing for the club in February 2007, Fábio was unable to be registered as a Manchester United player or play in matches for the club until his 18th birthday on 9 July 2008. He made his first appearance for Manchester United on 4 August 2008, coming on as a half-time substitute for Patrice Evra in a 2–0 friendly win away to Peterborough United. His performance in that game was praised, with Today claiming that "Manchester United finally found out what they were missing". 
He has since played in eight matches for the club's reserve team, scoring five goals – including a hat-trick against Rochdale in the Lancashire Senior Cup on 16 March 2009 – and was named on the bench for United's second league game of the season against Portsmouth on 25 August 2008. However, Fábio's competitive debut for the Manchester United first team was delayed by a shoulder injury, which required surgery. 
Fábio finally made his debut on 24 January 2009, in the 2–1 FA Cup Fourth Round win over Tottenham Hotspur. However, he picked up an injury to his calf shortly into the second half and had to be replaced by fellow debutant Richard Eckersley. Fábio made his Premier League debut for Manchester United on 16 August, playing at right-back at home to Birmingham City on the opening day of the 2009–10 season. He made his second start of the season at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers in the third round of the League Cup, but he was red-carded just short of the half-hour mark for a professional foul on Michael Kightly.
On 21 October, Fábio was handed his Champions League debut in a 1–0 win over CSKA Moscow; he started the game but came off shortly before the end with an injury. Sir Alex Ferguson expressed his pleasure with Fábio's performance, especially with the game being played on an artificial surface. On 27 October, Fábio was booked for a foul committed by his twin brother Rafael in United's 2–0 League Cup victory over Barnsley. Manchester United appealed and The Football Association agreed it was a case of mistaken identity, transferring the card to Rafael. On 1 April 2010, Fábio signed a contract extension with Manchester United that will tie him to the club until at least June 2014. Fábio scored his first goal for United on 26 February 2011, netting the final goal in a 4–0 away win over Wigan Athletic. Just two weeks later he scored again, netting his first FA Cup goal and first at Old Trafford, opening the scoring from close range in a 2–0 win over Arsenal. On 28 May 2011, Fábio started the UEFA Champions League Final against Barcelona; United lost the match 3–1.
In April 2012, Sir Alex Ferguson announced that, in order to provide him with the first-team experience that Manchester United could not provide at the time, Fábio would go out on loan for the 2012–13 season.
Queens Park Rangers.
On 2 July 2012, it was announced that Fábio had signed on loan for Queens Park Rangers for the 2012–13 season. His debut came at home to Swansea City on 18 August, and finished as a 5–0 defeat, during which he received a yellow card for a foul on Nathan Dyer. His next league appearance would come against Norwich City, which would later end up in a 1–1 draw. Fábio's first cup game playing for Queens Park Rangers would come against Walsall in the Football League Cup. A game that would end in a 3–0 win for Queens Park Rangers. Fábio scored his first goal for Queens Park Rangers against Milton Keynes Dons in an FA Cup match they went on to lose 4–2.
Cardiff City.
After his return to Manchester United for the 2013–14 season, Fábio made just three appearances for the club, and in January 2014, manager David Moyes accepted a bid for the Brazilian full-back from Cardiff City. The transfer was completed on 29 January 2014 after Fábio passed a medical the previous weekend.
International career.
Brazil under-17.
Fábio has played internationally for the Brazilian Under-17 team, and was captain of the Brazil team for the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup, where he scored twice, making him the team's joint-highest scorer. Despite being a defender he scored a total of 10 goals in his 13 appearances.
Brazil senior squad.
In September 2011, after a spell of good form with Manchester United, Fábio was rewarded with a place in the Brazil senior squad for the games against Costa Rica and Mexico on 7 and 11 October 2011.
International goals.
Under-17.
"Updated to games played 21 August 2007."
Playing style.
Along with his brother, Rafael, Fábio has been praised for his energetic style, and has been described as an ""excellent footballer"" by Sir Alex Ferguson. Les Kershaw, the former Manchester United academy manager who spotted them, described the pair as being like ""two little whippets,"" praising how ""when they got knocked down, they just got straight back up again and got on with it. They were like bouncing balls... very, very quick"". The Times has called them ""Brazil's answer to the Neville brothers"". Based on his attacking ability and instincts, it was suggested on the United website that Fábio, along with Rafael, could be deployed in the midfield rather than in defence.
Personal life.
Fábio's twin brother, Rafael, is also a professional footballer; both twins signed for Manchester United at the same time in 2008. The twins' elder brother, Luiz Henrique Pereira da Silva, used to play for América-MG in Brazil and Brescia in Italy, but moved with his wife to England when the twins signed for Manchester United. After a six-week wait for international clearance, Luiz Henrique signed for Radcliffe Borough, but he and his wife returned to Brazil in early 2009 in preparation for the birth of their child, where he returned to England few months later.
The wedding ring on Fábio's finger used to be how Ferguson could tell the twins apart, with Fábio already married at the age of 18 to 17-year-old Barbara who relocated with him. Despite starting their careers at Fluminese, both Fábio and Rafael are actually supporters of their local rivals, Botafogo.

</doc>
<doc id="20581907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581907" title="Billy Abner Mayaya">
Billy Abner Mayaya

Billy Abner Mayaya (born August 24, 1964) is a Malawian human rights activist, artist, poet and theologian.
Mayaya is particularly noted for his role as the Chairperson of the National Right to Food Network, a loose coalition of about 25 Non-Governmental Organisation (NGOs) working in the area of Civil and Political Rights. The coalition is designed to promote Economic, Social and Cultural Rights with a specific focus on the Human right to food in Malawi. Of particular significance has been the development of a draft Right to Food Bill, with advocacy focused on targeting the Malawi National Assembly, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Malawi Law Commission and the Malawi Human Rights Commission.
Early life and education.
Billy Mayaya was born to Abner Lemon Mayaya (August 15, 1932) a former career diplomat and Mirriam Chiwambo (died November 2007 aged 74 years). His father worked for more than 32 years for the government of Dr Hastings Kamuzu Banda. Because of his father's diplomat job, Mayaya attended the Sandford English Community School in Addis Ababa, Langley High School in Langley Oaks, Virginia and Saint Andrews International High School in Blantyre, Malawi. He enrolled for undergraduate studies at the TransAfrica Theological College in Kitwe, Zambia, received a Master of Science in Strategic Management from the University of Derby, as well as a Master of Business Administration from the University of Malawi, the Polytechnic. He is currently enrolled as a PhD Student at the Mzuzu University in Northern Malawi.
Controversy.
He began work as a teacher in Malawian private secondary schools teaching English, French and History. He came to prominence when he was recruited as a Programme Facilitator for Church and Society, the Human Rights and Advocacy department of the Church of Central African Presbyterian, the second largest denomination in Malawi after the Catholic Church. In 2002, together with a colleague Robson Chitengo, he called for the impeachment of the then State President of Malawi, Bakili Muluzi after rumors that he was planning for an unconstitutional third term.
In 2004, after the election of Muluzi's handpicked successor, Bingu wa Mutharika, a press statement was released by Church and Society signed by Mayaya and Chitengo calling for the impeachment of the newly elected President after it emerged unofficially that Mutharika was planning to dump the party that endorsed as its candidate and form his own party, the Democratic Progressive Party with backing from Taiwan. Church officials were displeased with the press release and publicly disassociated themselves from it. Mayaya and Chitengo were summoned to a disciplinary hearing with threats that their jobs were on the line. Mayaya publicly apologised for the blunder, whereas Chitengo resigned with intentions to run as a Parliamentary candidate in by-elections.
In 2011, he organised a demonstration against the presence of Sudanese dicator Omar a Bashir during the COMESA summit. He was subsequently arrested and charged with sedition together with lawyer Habiba Osman, Ben Chiza Mkandawire, Brian Nyasulu and Comfort Chitseko. They spent six days in custody. The case was eventually discharged in 2011. Through their lawyer, Wapona Kita they group sued government for compensation

</doc>
<doc id="20581910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581910" title="Salarias ramosus">
Salarias ramosus

Salarias ramosus, the Starry blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. This species can reach a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20581922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581922" title="Demons (band)">
Demons (band)

Demons is a punk rock/garage punk band from Sweden. The band includes quotation marks in their name to differentiate themselves from other bands with a similar name. Their music has been described as "punk 'n' roll", but the band claims it should only be described as high-energy rock. Their musical style relies heavily on the energy derived from punk rock. Influences include 1960s garage rock bands such as The Sonics, The Standells and Shadows of Knight, The Velvet Underground, The Stooges and New York Dolls; and punk rock bands such as The Damned, The Heartbreakers and The Saints; and early hardcore punk bands such as Black Flag, Bad Brains and Dead Kennedys. "Demons" has often been compared to contemporary groups like New Bomb Turks, The Hellacopters and Electric Frankenstein.
The band established themselves in the mid-1990s Swedish punk/garage rock scene with releases such as "Electrocute" and ""Demons"... Come Bursting Out!". "Demons" initially gained more popularity in the United States than in their homeland, and thus much of their music has been released on American record labels, most notably Gearhead Records based in Oakland, California. They have completed several US and European tours, including two appearances at SXSW. 
Band history.
In the late 1980s, Mathias Carlsson and Stefan Jonsson, both just thirteen years old at the time, formed the band Jawbation with school friends. Drummer Mikael Jacobsson joined later. Jawbation slowly disintegrated and morphed into a new band, which they named "Demons" on the advice of Lux Interior and Poison Ivy from The Cramps.
In the mid-to-late-1990s, "Demons" tracks appeared on many compilation releases such as "Another Real Cool Time - Distorted Sounds from the North" and released their debut single "Electrocute" on Ruff Nite Records. Their six-track EP ""Demons"... Come Bursting Out!" was released in 1998. The album was recorded in Sunlight Studio with Tomas Skogsberg (known for his work with The Hellacopters as well as several notable Swedish death metal bands such as Entombed). The band signed with Gearhead Records in 1999, and released their debut album "Riot Salvation" in 2000.
Albums and tours.
In September 2001, "Demons" embarked on their first American tour. They were part of a package including The Nomads and The Fleshtones. The Nomads resigned from the tour following the September 11 attacks on World Trade Center. In March 2002, the band went on their second US tour. They began recording their follow up album "Stockholm Slump" with Tomas Skogsberg shortly after the tour ended. Before the album was mixed, "Demons" headed out to play the Scandinavian Gearfests (music festival coordinated by Gearhead Records) held in Stockholm, Helsinki and Oslo. After the album's release, they embarked on another coast-to-coast US tour, with the New Bomb Turks. "Demons" performed extensively throughout Europe in 2003. They toured the US again in 2004 after the release of "Demonology - If You Can´t Join Us Beat Us", a collection of tracks from compilations and other rare recordings. In 2006, the band toured Scandinavia, Italy, Slovenia and Croatia. 
Following the release of the critically acclaimed album "Ace In The Hole", the band joined The Hellacopters for twelve shows on their farewell tour "The Tour Before The Fall. Some shows also included New Zeeland band The Datsuns. The Hellacopters also covered the "Demons" song "Electrocute" on the album "Head Off". "Demons" continued to promote "Ace In The Hole" on tours in Sweden and Italy throughout 2009. A single "My Bleeding Heart" was lifted off the album for release and came out on the Italian label Tornado Ride.
At the end of 2010 "Demons" released the album "Scarcity Rock" which was more experimental than earlier releases. The band recorded most of it themselves on a portable studio in their rehearsal space. It was self released on red vinyl with a free cd inside. Tours in Italy and Germany followed.
Other projects.
Carlsson's first band, Rabieshundarna, eventually evolved into Jawbation in the early 1990s. Carlsson has also worked with Belinda Kordic (formerly with STABB), on her solo project, Killing Mood. On her debut album "Just Another Love Song" he contributed with guitar, slide guitar, harmonica and arrangements on several tracks.
Jeanneau was musically involved in a large number of bands while growing up in Umeå, with styles ranging from blues to hardcore. In the 1990s and early 2000s (decade), he played with Fivel, Hypno Sex Rays and Handsome Stranglers (which also included Ahlgren). Jeanneau has played bass in a rock and roll-soul band called The Vanjas with Vanja Renberg (the daughter of Stefan Sundström) since 2008.
The Crypt Kicker Five.
In 1995, Carlsson formed the acoustic group The Crypt Kicker Five (also called The Crypt Kicker 5 and CK5) with Odd Ahlgren from The Robots and Vejde Gustavsson from Mazarine Street. Inspired by rhythm and blues artists such as Dr John, they used a one-string acoustic guitar and homemade instruments to achieve a sound that mixed blues, gospel and country-inspired acoustic punk. Later additions to the group were Joakim Ericson from The Nomads, Anders Graham Paulsson formerly with Atomic Swing, and Gustav Bendt from Monster and Moneybrother on saxophone. As a six-piece, they have released two singles, and evolved a unique style, with Ahlgren as a confrontational front man and the band performing their street corner brand of voodoo blues.
Matching Numbers.
In the late 1990s, Carlsson formed the garage band Matching Numbers with Ahlgren, Ericson, and Björn Grunner. In 1998, they recorded a version of Suzi Quatro's "Daytona Demon" for the compilation "Swedish Sins '99", released by White Jazz Records. The band later included Paulsson on bass. Matching Numbers appeared on the compilation "Riot On The Rocks Vol 2" released by Safety Pin Records, and released a split single with The Immortal Lee County Killers before disbanding in the early 2000s (decade).

</doc>
<doc id="20581937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581937" title="Atrosalarias fuscus">
Atrosalarias fuscus

Atrosalarias fuscus, known commonly as the Dusky Blenny, is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.
It is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean, Red Sea included.
This fish is a small size that can reach a maximum size of 14.5 cm length.

</doc>
<doc id="20581952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581952" title="Effective unemployment rate">
Effective unemployment rate

The unemployment rate announced by United States Department of Labor does not include those too discouraged to look for work any longer or those part-time workers that are working fewer hours than they would like. By adding these two groups to the unemployment rate, the rate becomes effective unemployment rate.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics in the United States keeps an alternative unemployment rate indicator similar to the effective unemployment rate called U6.

</doc>
<doc id="20581960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581960" title="Vestnik Teatra">
Vestnik Teatra

Vestnik Teatra (Theatre Courier) was the journal of the Theatre Department of Narkompros, founded in Moscow in 1918. It became an influential journal amongst theatrical practitioners during the period following the Bolshevik seizure of power. It published articles by such people as Platon Kerzhentsev and Vsevolod Meyerhold.
Some articles.
No. 1 (1919):
No. 19 (1919):
No. 36 (1919):
No. 48 (1920):
No. 51 (1920):
No. 53 (1920):

</doc>
<doc id="20581966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581966" title="Enchelyurus flavipes">
Enchelyurus flavipes

Enchelyurus flavipes is a species of combtooth blenny from the western Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20581993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20581993" title="Cirripectes stigmaticus">
Cirripectes stigmaticus

Cirripectes stigmaticus, the red-streaked blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. This species reaches a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20582010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582010" title="Crossosalarias macrospilus">
Crossosalarias macrospilus

Crossosalarias macrospilus, the Triplespot blenny, is a species combtooth blenny from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20582033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582033" title="Juhor">
Juhor

Juhor (Serbian Cyrillic: Јухор, ) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the city of Paraćin. Its highest peak "Veliki Vetren" has an altitude of 774 metres above sea level. It is bordered with river Velika Morava on the east, and territory of Levač on the west.
3rd century BC findings in Veliki Vetren including a chest containing some 14 sets of weapons, harness gear, jewellery and clothing accessories characteristic of knights of Dacian and Scordisci origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20582038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582038" title="Ophioblennius atlanticus">
Ophioblennius atlanticus

Ophioblennius atlanticus, also known as the redlip blenny or horseface blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny, family Blenniidae, found primarily in the Western Central Atlantic ocean. Redlip blennies can be found in coral crests and shallow fringing reefs. They are highly territorial and attack intruders with two long, sharp canine teeth. The adults are found at depths of 10 to 20 meters, and the eggs are benthic. The adults may reach up to four inches in length when fully grown, and they have large reddish lips, from which they attained their names. Redlip blennies largely feed on algae. Deloach and Humann spent over two decades researching this animal in Barbados (1980-1999). 
Taxonomy.
The species was originally described by French zoologist Achille Valenciennes (9 August 1794–13 April 1865) in 1836. "Ophis" is Greek for "serpent", and "blennios" is Greek for "mucus." The species name "atlanticus" is the name for its location of capture. The common name, redlip, refers to the reddish color of its lips.
Description.
Adult redlip blennies can reach two to four inches in length. They are chocolate brown in appearance with some yellow markings, and possess blunt heads featuring four branching horns, and large reddish lips. A variation on the species is a paler form, having a shell-white body and reddish brown head.
Distribution and habitat.
"Ophioblennius atlanticus" is native to the tropical marine environments of the Western Central Atlantic ocean. Its range extends from North Carolina, USA and Bermuda southward to Brazil, and includes the western Gulf of Mexico and the Antilles. "Ophioblennius atlanticus" mostly inhabits shallow, clear waters with coral reefs and rock bottoms. "Ophioblennius atlanticus" adults are mostly found at depths of 10 to 20 meters, while their eggs are benthic.
Aquaculture.
These fish occasionally make their way into the pet trade. They require a minimum of 30 gallons, and being generally peaceful are suitable for community tanks, as long as no other fish have a similar body shape. However they do well in mated pairs. They should be kept at temperatures of 72-78°F, with a PH level of 8.1-8.4. They have a jumping ability which allows them to jump from tide pool to tide pool in the wild. This means that if they are to be housed in an aquarium a lid is necessary. The horseface blenny feeds primarily on algae, but also consumes zooplankton and other invertebrates. They possess two razor-sharp canine teeth, which has earned them the nickname of "devil fish" in some countries.
Behavior.
Reproduction.
Redlip blennies reproduce year-round in the ten days before and four days after the full moon in each month. The male and female pair up in the first three hours of daylight, and the female moves to the male territory. The male has to prepare a nest for depositing eggs. In order to prepare a nest, the male makes a "small box-like" space in its territory and removes coral rubble and dead algae crusts from the space. One male redlip blenny usually has five nests, and the amount of time he spends at each nest is determined by how much the nest is favored by females. Usually the most favored nest has a larger inner surface area and volume than the less favored ones. When a female redlip blenny enters a male's nest, the female chooses whether or not to mate with the male. Larger males with larger nests have better chance of successful mating than smaller males with smaller nests. During spawning seasons, males reduce their feeding. The eggs are deposited in a single layer, and the male guards and cares for the eggs by blowing air onto them until they hatch as planktonic larvae. The egg batches in one nest may be at different developmental stages because the male redlip blenny is polygynous, mating with multiple females. In other words, the eggs have different mothers. Female redlip blennies tend to be polyandrous as well, meaning that there are multiple nests with one female's eggs.
Female mate choice primarily relies on the male's genetic quality (aka. how good his gene is) and/or his non-genetic quality. A male is recognized to have a good gene, if he has physical features that are suitable for survival. Usually, big body size indicates good genetic quality. Mating with a male of good genetic quality assures that the offspring will also have good genes and thus the physical features favorable for survival. This eventually will propagate the female's own genes. The non-genetic quality includes many examples, such as a good parental care. A good parental care does not guarantee good genes for the offspring. However, a good parental care can increase the survival rate of the offspring, thereby spreading the female's genes. 
Female redlip blennies consider both the genetic and non-genetic quality of the male. First of all, they choose males largely based on their sizes (genetic quality). Larger males can better protect the female and the eggs against predators. Furthermore, larger male redlip blennies have larger antimicrobial organs at their anal-urogenital regions, which they use to prevent microbial infection in the eggs. Female redlip blennies also consider males' allopaternal care when choosing mates (non-genetic quality). Allopaternal care proves to the female that the male is capable of protecting the eggs from predators. Finally, a statistical study showed that female redlip blennies may prefer older males because the age of the male could reflect his survival ability and thus guarantee the offspring better fitness (chance of survival).
Parental Care.
Most parental care in fish is paternal care, which means that the male primarily gives care to the eggs, and redlip blennies are not exception. A male redlip blenny exhibits typical paternal care behaviors, such as protecting the eggs from predators and blowing fresh air to the eggs. The male also performs a non-typical paternal care: rubbing its anal-urogenital region over the nest's internal surface during spawning. The male redlip blenny has an organ at the anal-urogenital region that produces antimicrobial substances. This organ only exists in males due to sexual dimorphism. Therefore, by rubbing the anal-urogenital region over the nest's internal surface, the male protects its eggs from microbial infections, one of the most common causes for mortality in young fish. Larger males have larger organs at their anal-urogenital regions and thus can provide better antimicrobial protection for the eggs than smaller males. Consequently, female redlip blennies choose their mates based on their size.
Another atypical paternal care in redlip blennies is that the male indiscriminately cares for its own eggs and foreign eggs. When a male takes over the deserted nest, he will guard and care for the existing eggs in the nest, even though they are not his own eggs. This is called allopaternal care. Allopaternal care seems to be a huge disadvantage from an evolutionary perspective, since the male expends its resources to benefit genetically unrelated offspring. However, exhibiting allopaternal care actually attracts more females because the existence of safe eggs in the nest proves the male's capacity to protect the eggs against predators. The allopaternal behavior also shows to female that the male is a trustworthy mate who will remain after mating and provide the eggs with a good amount of parental investment, thereby increasing the fitness of offspring.
Territoriality.
Territorial behavior is usually performed to defend resources such as food, shelter, possible mates, spawning sites, or offspring. Redlip blennies live among rocks and coral reefs, and they are benthic. A redlip blenny generally exhibits aggressive territorial behaviors towards other benthic fishes, as they may take over its shelter and spawning site. Its territorial behavior is most severe towards conspecifics. This is because the conspecifics share exactly the same set of resources, leading to the most severe resource competition. A redlip blenny shows hostility of varying degrees not only to intruding conspecifics but also to barely intruding conspecifics. Due to this severe territoriality, the redlip blennies that have lost their territories experience a great difficulty in finding a new territory. Empty territories are often shared by neighboring fish without much competition. Despite severe territoriality, during the periods of lower adult blenny density, many blennies gather up and fight against old residents to take over their territories. After such aggressive competition, each old resident usually ends up with only half of its previous territory.
Larval swimming.
Many fish have a swimbladder. By filling the swimbladder with gas, fish can float and swim in the water. However, redlip blennies never develop a swimbladder. The lack of a swimbladder does not affect adult redlip blennies, since they have already adjusted to the benthic life, as they matured. However, unlike the adults, redlip blenny larvae are not comfortable living at the sea bottom. Until they adjust to the bottom-dwelling life style, the larvae use a means of floating for survival: redlip blenny larvae have a huge storage of lipids in their liver, and this high lipid concentration provides buoyancy. The larvae keeps its high lipid concentration until maturation. Later, as the larvae go through metamorphosis, it burns down all the stored lipids to support the high metabolism of metamorphosis. After losing its lipids through metamorphosis, the now-grown-up redlip blenny does not restore lipids, which provides a permanent high density body to the adult fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20582055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582055" title="UFO sightings in the Philippines">
UFO sightings in the Philippines

This is a list of alleged sightings of unidentified flying objects or UFOs in the Philippines. 
1993 Las Piñas UFO incident.
Three First Year High School Student of Perpetual Help College of Rizal were playing basketball in Rebueno St. Philam Village Las Pinas. When one of them saw a silver-like disk floating in the air. He called the attention of the others and pointed the object in the sky. They watched it for a few minutes in amazement when the object suddenly vanished in thin air.
2000 Las Piñas UFO incident.
Antonio Israel, 37 claimed that he videotaped alleged "small balls of light dancing frenetically in the evening sky over his Silver St neighborhood, Carmela Homes IV in Las Piñas on Sept. 3, 2000." The shouts of Israel’s neighbors can be heard on the video footage as the sight made them gasp in awe and disbelief. Israel claimed that the UFOs were also seen by a nearby barangay, and possibly residents of Parañaque City.
2004 Las Piñas UFO incident.
More than 10 UFOs were seen in Las Piñas at around 7 p.m. Saturday, August 28, 2004. Three children noticed two unusual reddish-etheric glares moving above some partly cloudy skies from their residence in Mabolo St., Verdant Acres, Pamplona, Las Piñas City.
The first object they saw headed east to where the moon sits around that time. Another two emerged and three more objects appeared from the western horizon. "These unusual objects could not be mere airplanes because two of them were already pretty close to the moon," exclaimed 11-year old Nica Canarias as she apparently had the impression that the objects were heading to the moon.
Nica, the eldest in the Canarias siblings and one of the early witnesses, immediately called her 9-year-old friend Adrian Israel. Adrian - whom the Canarias knew as a UFO experiencer is the son of Antonio (Tony) Israel, who took video footages of UFOs above the Las Piñas skies way back September 3, 2000.
Adrian confirmed that these objects were similar to those he saw 4 years ago. So he rushed back to his house and prompted his older brothers, who then relayed what was happening to their father Tony.
Tony rushed outside with his video camera to record this incident . He was joined by his neighbors who watched the objects moved erratically, jerking, floating and jumping in varied directions.
From 7:30 to 8:15pm, Israel was shooting videos of at least 5 UFOs - each emerging in the horizon at time intervals of approximately 8 minutes.
Israel told ABS-CBN that he was now more composed in aiming his video camera at the subjects compared to his first encounter. He added, "I learned a big lesson from the previous investigations made by the PAGASA UFO Investigating Team (Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration) and from criticisms telling that in my first UFO encounter, the video lacked panning that’s why there was no referential point to approximate size and distance. So from this chance, I think I panned well-enough and a probable estimation of the objects' altitude and size could be established."
2011 UFO sightings in Cavite.

</doc>
<doc id="20582061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582061" title="Emblemaria pandionis">
Emblemaria pandionis

Emblemaria pandionis, the Sailfin blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny from the Western Atlantic Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20582086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582086" title="Lisa Surihani">
Lisa Surihani

Lisa Surihani binti Mohamed (born March 23, 1986) or better known as Lisa Surihani is a Malaysian actress, model, television host and commercial model.
Career.
Her first television appearance was in Gergasi in TV1 and later Ayah Kami. She first acted in films "Goodbye Boys" and recently "Sekali Lagi" with Malaysian actor Shaheizy Sam. She was given the Best Actress award at the 23rd Malaysian Film Festival. 
Surihani's stage debut came in the November 2012 production of "Teater Tun Siti Hasmah", a biographical sketch of first lady Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali.
Early Life.
She was born in Kuala Lumpur to a family of Buginese and Chinese heritage, Surihani studied in Sekolah Sri Inai during her primary and secondary years. She graduated in law from Help University College and Aberystwyth University in Wales, United Kingdom.
Personal Life.
Lisa Surihani married to Yusry KRU on 23 February, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20582093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582093" title="Malacoctenus boehlkei">
Malacoctenus boehlkei

Malacoctenus boehlkei, the Diamond blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the central western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea where it is an inhabitant of coral reefs at depths of from . This species can reach a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20582094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582094" title="Ernest Young">
Ernest Young

Ernest James Young (28 July 1882 – date of death not known) was a Liberal politician. 
Young was a lecturer and a journalist by profession. 
In 1931 an economic crisis led to the formation of a National Government led by Labour prime minister Ramsay MacDonald which was initially supported by the Conservative and Liberal parties. Young was elected as Liberal MP for Middlesbrough East at the 1931 general election as a supporter of the government and a member of the official Liberal party led by Sir Herbert Samuel, defeating the well-known local Labour MP, Ellen Wilkinson in a straight fight. Samuel and the Liberals, although agreeing to go into the 1931 general election supporting the government became increasingly concerned about the government’s abandonment of the traditional Liberal policy of Free Trade and worried about the predominance of the Conservatives in the coalition, soon withdrew from the National Government. Some Liberals, led by Sir John Simon remained in the government and became known as the Liberal Nationals. Young refused to join this group and stuck with the Samuelite Liberals.
At the 1935 general election therefore, the coalition mantle had passed from Young to the Conservative candidate, Mr. B Chetwynd- Talbot. In an election where the main fight was between the National Government and a revived Labour Party, Young lost his seat to Labour candidate Alfred Edwards who narrowly beat off the National challenge. Young finished a poor third place in a three-cornered contest. 
It seems likely that Young was the E J Young who was the unsuccessful Liberal candidate at Jarrow in 1922 and at Rossendale in 1923 and 1924. There was also a Liberal candidate, Ernest Young, who stood at a by-election in the Scottish constituency of Bothwell in Lanarkshire in March 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20582123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582123" title="Pholidichthys leucotaenia">
Pholidichthys leucotaenia

Pholidichthys leucotaenia, commonly known as the convict blenny/goby or the engineer blenny/goby, is a marine fish from the west-central Pacific Ocean. It is neither a blenny nor a goby, but is in fact one of two species in the family Pholidichthyidae.
Description.
A small eel-shaped fish, it can grow up to in length. Juveniles resemble the striped catfish "Plotosus lineatus", which is venomous, having a black body with a white dorsal stripe. As they develop, the stripe changes to white convict-style barring or spotting in the adult.
Ecology.
It lives in shallow lagoons and on coastal reefs from the Philippines to the Solomon Islands. It is often found in schools under ledges or around coral heads. These schools swim in such tight formations, they resemble a single organism. Occasionally, the species is found in the aquarium trade, where it is known for disrupting all but the most stable structures. 
DNA analyses show this species to be neither a blenny nor a goby, but part of a separate fish family, the Pholidichthyidae. 
In the Solomon Islands, researchers under Eugenie Clark found juveniles emerging from holes in the seafloor and adjoining coral reefs. By day, these juveniles swim up to from their home burrows to feed on plankton. At the end of the day, all returned to the burrows, remarkable and unique behaviour for larval fish.
While their young are out feeding, the parents eject mouthfuls of debris from the burrows. Research has revealed a maze of tunnels and chambers totalling a length of some six meters. At night, young fish dangled by their mouths from the roof of the tunnels by thin mucous threads.
Adults may grow to almost , but never leave the tunnels to feed. They frequently take in mouthfuls of juveniles and spit them out again. An inspection of adult stomachs showed only a green slime.

</doc>
<doc id="20582132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582132" title="B'laan people">
B'laan people

The B'laan are one of the indigenous peoples of Southern Mindanao in the Philippines. Their name could have derived from "bla" meaning "opponent" and the suffix "an" meaning "people". Other terms used to refer to this group are Blaan, Bira-an, Baraan, Vilanes, and Bilanes.
The B'laan are neighbors of the T'boli, and live in Lake Sebu and T'boli municipalities of South Cotabato, Sarangani, General Santos City, the southeastern part of Davao and around Lake Buluan in North Cotabato. They are famous for their brassworks, beadwork and tabih weave. The people of these tribes wear colorful embroidered native costumes and beadwork accessories. The women of these tribes, particularly, wear heavy brass belts with brass 'tassels' ending in tiny brass bells that herald their approach even when they are a long way off.
Some B'laan natives were displaced when General Santos City was founded in 1939. Others settled in the city.
Their language is said to be the source of the name for Koronadal City, from two B'laan words – "koron" or "kolon" meaning cogon grass and "nadal" or "datal" meaning plain, which aptly described the place to the natives. On the other hand, Marbel, which is another name for the poblacion, is a B'laan term "Malb-el" which means "murky waters" referring to a river, now called Marbel River.
The tribe practices indigenous rituals while adapting to the way of life of modern Filipinos.
The tribe received some press when they gave Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao a tribal rank.

</doc>
<doc id="20582141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582141" title="Philippe Camus">
Philippe Camus

Philippe Camus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20582145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582145" title="Mount Kupreanof">
Mount Kupreanof

Mount Kupreanof is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula, United States. It is the largest and the northeasternmost in a group of five volcanoes opposite from Stepovak Bay. Mount Kupreanof displays extremely strong fumarole activity and its latest eruption in 1987 produced minor steam and ash emission. This is the only known historical eruption from Mount Kupreanof.

</doc>
<doc id="20582150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582150" title="Love War">
Love War

Love War is a 45" record released by Hardcore Punk band Death Piggy in 1983. It's known as Death Piggy's most popular record with the largest amount of recognizable songs and fan favorites. It made Jello Biafra's list of best Punk rock albums for 1983.
Copies.
This is also Death Piggy's rarest record, due to a misunderstanding with the recording engineer. His payment was never received, so the record was limited to 300 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20582183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582183" title="Brigade (pejorative)">
Brigade (pejorative)

The word brigade, originally used to describe a military unit, can also be used as a pejorative collective noun to describe an informal group of like-minded individuals with views with which the speaker disagrees. It is used as a mild term of disapproval or contempt, or in an attempt to belittle and ridicule the subject.
For example, "PC brigade" is used to describe a supposed group of people who go around enforcing ridiculously politically correct rules.
"Green welly brigade" refers in a deprecating way to well-heeled people who find their recreation in the countryside.
The 'Hang 'em and flog 'em brigade' is often used in British Politics to describe the far right who may support capital punishment, corporal punishment and a repeal of certain 'human rights'. The opposing side is often thus referred to as the 'Human rights brigade'.
The 'Nothing to hide, nothing to fear brigade' is used in regards to people who support increased state surveillance - particularly in the UK - with the justification that only people who are willingly committing crimes would need to worry about being under scrutiny. The opposing side is often called the 'Orwell brigade', the '1984 brigade', or the 'conspiracy brigade'.
The 'Think of the Children brigade' refers to proponents of the Nanny state, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It is a reference to a phrase spoken by The Simpsons character Helen Lovejoy.
Similarly, blue rinse brigade, morality brigade, Prawn sandwich brigade, NIMBY brigade.
The term may have had its origins in The Angry Brigade, a British anarchist group of the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20582195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582195" title="Esslingen railbus">
Esslingen railbus

The Esslingen railbus (German: "Esslinger Triebwagen") is a diesel railbus first delivered in 1951 for private railways ("Nichtbundeseigene Eisenbahn") in Germany.
History.
The Esslingen railbus, sometimes shortened in German to "Esslinger", had been developed during the 1950s by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen for small branch lines and private railways. Fifty examples were built in three variants: power coaches ("Triebwagen") or VT, trailer coaches ("Beiwagen") or VB and driving coaches ("Steuerwagen") or VS.
Of the first series, 25 VT, 6 VB and 4 VS were delivered into service, of the second series (from 1959) 6 VT, 4 VB and 5 VS.

</doc>
<doc id="20582196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582196" title="Controlled and Harmonised Aeronautical Information Network">
Controlled and Harmonised Aeronautical Information Network

The Controlled and Harmonised Aeronautical Information Network (abbreviated: "CHAIN") is a concept developed by EUROCONTROL to improve the quality, integrity, accurary and interoperability of aeronautical data in kind of a digital data chain avoiding changes in medium in the whole data process.
Using CHAIN regulators of aeronautical information as well as service providers (ANSPs) can be supported implementing and maintaining traceable, controlled and auditable processes in compliance with ICAO Annex 15 requirements for data quality with a focus on data integrity.
The scope of CHAIN covers flight critical and essential navigational aeronautical data (e.g. a runway threshold coordinates and heights) as established in ICAO Annex 15, supplemented by the industry standards EUROCAE ED-76 and ED-77.

</doc>
<doc id="20582207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582207" title="Constitution Society">
Constitution Society

The Constitution Society is a nonprofit educational organization headquartered in Austin, Texas, U.S., founded in 1994 by Jon Roland, a self-employed computer and management consultant. The society publishes online a large selection of major works on constitutional history, law and government.
Web site.
The society’s web site features digital library resources including the online Liberty Library of Constitutional Classics – complete, annotated, and cross-linked copies of the most of the major works written or read by the American Founders, or by persons whose writings can enable one to understand their writings. As of April 2011, it had an Alexa Traffic Rank of 78,617, with 2943 links in. It also has documents from other countries.
Publications.
The Constitution Society sponsors the writing and publication of news and law review and history articles, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20582210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582210" title="Electoral district of Sorell">
Electoral district of Sorell

The Electoral district of Sorell was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Sorell east of Tasmania's capital, Hobart, and included the Tasman Peninsula.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20582219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582219" title="Philippe Camus (writer)">
Philippe Camus (writer)

Philippe Camus is a 15th-century French writer who wrote "L'Histoire d'Olivier de Castille et Artus d'Algarbe" (between 1430 and 1460) as well as a prose version of Adenet le Roi's romance "Cleomadés".

</doc>
<doc id="20582239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582239" title="Esen">
Esen

Esen may signify:

</doc>
<doc id="20582249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582249" title="Electoral district of Fingal">
Electoral district of Fingal

The Electoral district of Fingal was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around Fingal in Tasmania's east and also included the coastal towns of St Marys and St Helens, and inland districts such as Avoca and Mathinna.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20582250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582250" title="John Plumptre Carr Glyn">
John Plumptre Carr Glyn

Lieutenant-General John Plumptre Carr Glyn KCB (11 January 1837 – 28 March 1912) was a British general who saw active service in the Crimean War and the Anglo-Ashanti War.
Early life.
John Plumptre Carr Glyn was born Witchampton, east Dorset.
Military career.
He joined the Rifle Brigade in August 1854 just before the opening of hostilities in the Crimea. He saw active service during the second year of the campaign and was present at Sebastopol from 17 June until the fall of the fortress on 11 September 1855.
He was promoted from Ensign to lieutenant without purchase on 29 December 1854.
He next saw active service, in 1874, as a major in the 2nd Battalion of the Rifle Brigade, under Colonel Sir Garnet Wolseley during the Third Anglo-Ashanti War. He was personally involved in the Battle of Amoaful on 31 January 1874 and five days later when the fighting ended with the Battle of Ordashu. He was also present at the capture of the capital, Kumasi, which had been abandoned by the Ashanti.
The Ashanti War gave him his brevet of lieutenant-colonel on 1 April 1874.
The only mention, found to date, of his involvement in the Anglo-Zulu Wars is the following: Lt-Col Bengough arrived in Natal with the 77th Foot in December 1878. He was placed in command of the 2nd Battalion Natal Native Contingent, which formed part of Durnford’s Column, and which was left to protect the frontier at Kranz Kop on the departure of that force to join Glyn’s Column.
He was promoted to the rank of colonel in 1879.
On 16 December 1884, while on half pay, he was gazetted to be Lieutenant-Colonel, to command the 22nd Regimental District (the Cheshire Regiment).
In 1892 he succeeded Sir Evelyn Wood as the General Officer Commanding the Eastern District of the Army at home and held the post until 1897.
He was promoted to the rank of major-general in 1889 and to lieutenant-general in January 1898.
The 1901 Census of England indicates that he had retired and was living in the parish of Holt, Dorset.
He was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Rifle Brigade (Prince Consort's Own) on 18 January 1903.
The Ashanti Ring.
The Ashanti Ring, also known as the Wolseley ring, was a group of 19th century British army officers loyal to Garnet Wolseley and considered by him to be clever, brave, experienced and hard-working. The 'ring' itself was rooted in Wolseley's appointments for the Ashanti Campaign of 1873-4, in which Wolseley led British troops to take control of the Gold Coast.
After the Crimean War Wolseley started to keep a note of the best officers he met, and began gathering a network of able military men loyal to him. There were other circles around other military leaders; later these would dwindle as more formal selection and promotion procedures became established.
Men from this group accompanied Wolseley on his various projects for about a decade. They are sometimes called the Ashanti Ring, or, in a punning reference to Wolseley's first name, the Garnet Ring.
Later they were the "Africans" against the "Indians" of the rival Roberts Ring of Lord Roberts and Herbert Kitchener during the Boer War.
Family life.
Glyn's father was Rev. Carr John Glyn (1799–1897), who was a godfather and namesake to Handley Carr Glyn Moule, a theologian and bishop of Durham.
On 11 September 1866 John Glyn married Ellen (d. 20 April 1928), eldest daughter of James Robert Dalton Dewar of Kent. In the 1901 Census, Ellen is listed as a Belgium British subject.
Glyn died on 28 March 1912.
Honours.
Lt-Genl Sir John Plumptre Carr-Glyn was invested as a Knight Commander, Order of the Bath (KCB).

</doc>
<doc id="20582255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582255" title="Fredrik Johan Wiik">
Fredrik Johan Wiik

Fredrik Johan Wiik, also known as F.J. Wiik, (December 16, 1839 in Helsinki - June 15, 1909 in Helsinki) was a Finnish geologist and mineralogist; in 1877, he was named the first professor of geology and mineralogy at the Imperial Alexander University of Finland, where his students included Jakob Sederholm. He was also the first scientist in Finland to use a petrographic microscope.
Wiik died in 1909, on a geological expedition; his body was found clutching his geologist's hammer.
The mineral wiikite is named for him. 
Personal life.
Wiik was the son of noted Finnish architect Jean Wik.

</doc>
<doc id="20582256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582256" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Sprint Men">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Sprint Men

The 2008-09 Biathlon World Cup/Sprint Men will start at Saturday December 6, 2008 in Östersund and will finish Thursday March 26, 2009 in Khanty-Mansiysk. Defending titlist is Ole Einar Bjørndalen of Norway.
Competition format.
The 10 kilometres (6,23 mi) sprint race is the third oldest biathlon event; the distance is skied over three laps. The biathlete shoots two times at any shooting lane, first prone, then standing, totalling 10 targets. For each missed target the biathlete has to complete a penalty lap of around 150 metres. Competitors' starts are staggered, normally by 30 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="20582262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582262" title="Mesophelliaceae">
Mesophelliaceae

The Mesophelliaceae are a family of truffle-fungi in the order Hysterangiales. The family contains 8 genera and 33 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20582277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582277" title="Deadly Circuit">
Deadly Circuit

Mortelle Randonnée is a 1983 French thriller film inspired by the novel "Eye of the Beholder" by Marc Behm. Directed by filmmaker Claude Miller, the film stars Michel Serrault as The "Eye" Beauvoir, Isabelle Adjani as Catherine, and Geneviève Page as Mme. Schmidt-Boulanger. The film had a total of 916,868 admissions in France.
"Mortelle Randonnée" was released in the United States as "Deadly Circuit" and in the United Kingdom as "Deadly Run". The film was re-made in 1999 as "Eye of the Beholder".
Plot.
The plot revolves around Catherine, a serial killer who seduces men and then murders them throughout countries in Europe. Catherine is trailed by the detective The "Eye" Beauvoir who fantasizes that she is his long-lost daughter and disposes of her trail of corpses to foil the police. Catherine has a real love affair with a blind architect (Sami Frey) but The "Eye" 's jealousy causes the man's death. Catherine returns to her psychotic killing. As the police dragnet closes in, Catherine and The Eye have their final showdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20582289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582289" title="Oregon Rex">
Oregon Rex

The Oregon Rex was one of several breeds of domestic cat with the rex coat variation, which in the mid-20th-century occurred from spontaneous genetic mutation.
After its acknowledgment as a separate breed, it enjoyed a short time of popularity among cat breeders in the United States. By now, due to crossbreeding with other Rex types, this breed seems to have merged with the other more popular Rex breeds like Devon Rex or Cornish Rex.
History.
According to some claims, the first litters of typically Oregon-Rex-like cats occurred in 1944. The first documented case of an Oregon Rex cat is traced back to a litter of cats in the U.S. state of Oregon in 1955. The specific kitten differed from its siblings and its mother by having a curly coat whereas the others all had straight fur.
At the same time, the first Cornish Rex were imported to the U.S. from Great Britain, and were soon interbred with the developing Oregon Rex breed. Breeders from Oregon then established a purebred Oregon Rex which soon became one of America's most popular Rex breeds. In the course of breeding, however, all types of Rex cats—each of which differ genetically—were crossbred, and the Oregon Rex did not endure as a stand-alone breed. The last purebred Oregon Rex cat is reported to have died in 1972.
Appearance.
The typical curly coat was silky, short and tight, and featured no or only relatively short guard hair. The kemp was shorter than the German Rex's or Cornish Rex's and was fully developed, with a typical subapical swelling. Their minimal flexion made the kemp hairs longer than the undercoat. The number of hairs was normal, but the bristles were missing.
The head was wedge-shaped with a long bridge. The ears were large with smoothly rounded edges and were set high on the head, and the eyes were medium-sized with an oval shape.
The Oregon Rex's body was of an elongated and tiny build, the tail was long, slim and peaked. The legs were long, gracile and slim, with tiny, round paws.
Character.
The Oregon Rex combined the character traits of all Rex breeds. They were affectionate and needy, funny and playful, sometimes a little turbulent, and a little arrogant. The Rex was also reported to have a dominant character and thus to be somewhat complicated to handle.
Genetics.
The origin of the Oregon Rex breed is a result of mutation. Mutations of the gene responsible for the typical curly hair or those genes involved in that process seem to be quite common. In addition to the other Rex breeds there are several other variants, the now-extinct Oregon Rex being only one of them.
Crossbreeding of cats with typical Oregon Rex features (genetic description: roro) and Cornish Rex (rr) and later with Devon Rex (rere) resulted in offspring with normal, non-curly coats. Research supported the fact that the Oregon Rex mutation represents a recessive allele (ro) of an own gene with the dominant wild type allele (Ro) and therefore was in fact genetically different from other Rex breeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20582306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582306" title="Kansan Uutiset">
Kansan Uutiset

Kansan Uutiset ("People's News") is a Finnish weekly newspaper. It is the party organ of the Left Alliance.
"Kansan Uutiset" was founded in 1957 as the joint organ of Communist Party of Finland (SKP) and Finnish People's Democratic League (SKDL), both of which, until then, had had their own papers, "Työkansan Sanomat" (SKP) and "Vapaa Sana" (SKDL). "Kansan Uutiset" served the parties until their dissolution in 1990. The paper had close ties to the new Left Alliance, which was founded in 1990, but it did not declare itself the organ until 2000. In the 1990s "Kansan Uutiset" called itself an "independent left paper".
Until 1990 "Kansan Uutiset" was owned by the organisations publishing it. SKP and SKDL also directed the paper through its council and board. New arrangements were made after the parties were gone. A joint stock company was founded, and the new owners were, for example, left-wing trade unions, banks and foundations. The Left Alliance did not directly own any stocks. Nowadays, Yrjö Sirola Foundation has majority of the stocks.
"KU" was published four days a week until September 2009, after which it became a weekly. The "KU" website, however, is updated every day.

</doc>
<doc id="20582311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582311" title="Electoral district of Franklin">
Electoral district of Franklin

The Electoral district of Franklin was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It covered all of southern and southwestern Tasmania, and its main population centre was the town of Franklin in Tasmania's Huon Valley. Other centres included Castle Forbes Bay, Geeveston, Dover and Southport.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20582314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582314" title="UP Diliman University Student Council">
UP Diliman University Student Council

The University Student Council of the University of the Philippines in Diliman, Quezon City is the official student representative body of the Philippines' premiere institution of higher learning. As such, it represents the interests of the students within and outside the University. The University Student Council, also known as USC, exists to represent UP students in various affairs of the University, acting as the voice of students in the local, national, and international issues. 
As the highest student representative body in the university, the USC is composed of members elected amongst the student body, mandated to organize and direct campaigns and activities to defend and promote students’ rights, and improve the students’ general welfare.Furthermore, it provides direct services to the student body.
The USC has the proud and historic tradition of active involvement in the Filipino people's struggle for their democratic rights and interests. 
The Council's incumbent Chairperson is Ana Alexandra "Alex" Castro, a freshman Law student from the UP College of Law. 
Structure.
Membership.
Reflecting the collegiate nature of the University of the Philippines itself, USC is both an association of UP's more than 28,000 individual students and a federation of the different college student councils in UP that represent all undergraduate and graduate students.
The current members of the USC, serving for Academic Year 2013-2014, are as follows:
"University Councilors":
"College Representatives":
Governance.
The USC is composed of the following officers: "Chairperson" (who serves as chief executive officer), "Vice Chairperson" (who serves as convenor of the League of College Councils or LCC), and twelve (12) "University Councilors", all elected at large. In addition, each degree granting college is represented in the USC by a "College Representative(s)".
The chairperson supervises the standing and special standing committees of the USC.
The standing committees of the USC, which shall be headed by only University Councilors are:
As of USC 2012-2013, the following are the special standing committees of the USC:
Finances.
The USC is financed by the compulsory Student Fund generated from the fees collected from students upon registration, sponsorships from the activities and donations. It also receives grants for specific projects and activities.
History.
The UP Student Council 1913-1950.
1913: The Student Council of UP was instituted under the auspices of UP President Barlett. Manuel Tabora of the UP College of Law was the first Chairman of the Student Council.
October 6, 1913: The USC participated in the popular demonstration in honor of Governor-General Harrison.
December 15, 1917: First student protest against a Manila police captain and his men for arresting Victoriano Yamzon during the first University Day. The police have mistaken the 1st Editor of College Folio as part of an unruly crowd.
March 12, 1918: First protest of Freshmen. They petitioned to Board of Regents to extend their scholarship
July 17, 1918: Students led by Carlos P. Romulo and Jose Romero held a rally from UP to Sta Cruz Bridge at The Manila Times office to protest the editorial of the newspaper criticizing UP President Ignacio Villamor
January 21, 1921: The Executive Committee (EC) of the University approved a memorandum embodying the idea of creating an inter-collegiate student council.
1922: The EC approved the adoption by the student body of a so-called "bill of rights of the USC." It would take two more years before the constitutional convention for the creation of a USC would take place.
Bill of Rights:
September 27, 1924: UP President Rafael Palma revived the University Student Council (USC). The student fund was Php 1.50. The first projects of the USC were the establishment of the post office building and awarding of scholarships and medals to outstanding students.
January 31, 1926: USC initiated the first meeting of students from different colleges and schools ever held in Manila at the Zorilla theater. The USC then was composed of 96 members with each class of every college entitled to two representatives. The USC also published the Philippinensian.
1927: The USC passed a resolution radically reducing the number of USC members to 24.
1929: The USC protested the increase of fees and the rigid rules of the Department of Physical Education
January 18, 1933: Demonstration in students in support of the Hare-Hawes Cutting Act. President Quezon disapproved of the rally saying that students should be studying for their examinations and should not participate in political affairs.
Students also held a rally at the same year protesting the bill that will reorganize government personnel except legislators. Lawmakers who visited the university were booed and heckled.
June 1935: Both USC candidates for the position of President received equal number of votes even after two hours of repeated deliberations. The candidates agreed to divide the term upon the behest of the council adviser. Thus, the deadlock was broken.
1937: UP students and faculty campaigned for the right of Filipino women to vote
February 5, 1939: The USC petitioned the BOR that it be given the power to elect the Editor-in-Chief of the Philippine Collegian. The USC reasoned that since it is the highest governing student body, it must be given control over the official student organ.
1940: USC office located in 2nd floor of the newly built Alumni Hall with the Philippine Collegian, Philippinensian and Institute of National Language. USC also started to elect a Vice-Chairperson not from UP Los Banos Representatives. Instead they elected a student from Veterinary Science to be the Vice-Chair.
1946: USC was revived after World War II together with other student organizations notably the Junior and Senior Student Councils. USC passed a resolution affirming faith in UP President Gonzales amidst rumors university not satisfied with administration.
April 1948: USC President Villanueva observed that a major problem in the university was the deficiency of the students in their command of English.
1950: Huks attacked PC Detachment in Balara sending dorm residents to take cover in basements and in the Law building.
The UP Student Council 1951-1968.
"Marcelo Fernan, Homobono Adaza, Randolf David, Delfin Lazaro, Miriam Defensor – before they became prominent public figures, they were members of the UP Student Council during this period."
March 29, 1951: First UP Diliman student rally to Malacañan Palace led by the USC, Senior Student Council, Junior Student Council and the Woman's Club to express support for UP President Gonzales who invited Claro M. Recto, arch critic of President Quirino, to deliver commencement address at UP graduation. Vidal Tan eventually replaced Gonzales. But the students won the right to listen to Recto on their graduation and have Gonzales sign their diplomas instead of President Tan.
November 30, 1952: USC Chair Rafael Salas led the students to a rally in Malacañan Palace protesting the policies of President Elpidio Quirino.
August 4, 1955: USC Chair Fernando Campos held an emergency meeting expressing support for three members of the Board of Regents (BOR) and planned a rally demanding ouster of Fr. John Patrick Delaney from UP for interfering in university affairs
November 1955: The UP Student Catholic Action (UPSCA) and the Upsilon Sigma Phi Fraternity war flared anew when four UPSCA USC members filed charges against Campos, an Upsilonian. The charges were illegal alteration of USC Resolution of August 4, grave abuse of power, and shameful conduct unbecoming his office. Campos countercharged that the complainants were conducting a systematic campaign of vilification against him. Both charges were dropped by the University Committee on Student Organizations and Associations.
June 22, 1956: UPSCA takes full control of USC defeating Upsilon from top post to minor posts.
December 16–17, 1957: "Peaceful and spontaneous" strike of students led by USC on inaction of the BOR to elect a new UP President. The University Council (UC) was forced to declare an early Christmas Vacation. On the third day of strike, students held a victory motorcade around Quezon City and Manila passing Malacañan Palace.
January 2, 1958: Executive Committee (EC) of UP dialogued with student leaders to discontinue future strikes.
January 20, 1958: Students Johnny Antillon, Emmanuel Santos, Epifanio San Juan, Jr., and Romulo Villa petitioned to expel USC Chair and Vice Chair Lagua and Adaza first for the illegal and immoral use of the Philippine Collegian to malign the BOR and the UP administration; and second for inciting a thousand university students to join the student strike.
March 30, 1958: EC sustained recommendations that Lagua be suspended for nine months and dropped as USC Chair. Adaza permanently dropped from the rolls of the university. The two were required to apologize in writing to the BOR. Senator Emmanuel Pelaez spoke in behalf of the two and declared that they had suffered from serious miscarriage of justice.
June 24, 1958: UP President Vicente Sinco issued Administrative Circular no. 1 which limited the representation of any student organization to one representative only in each of the student councils (to counter the dominance of the UPSCA). UPSCA said the circular was "illegal, discriminatory, unreasonable, undemocratic and arbitrary." They filed a case in court. Supreme Court dismissed the petition on technical grounds saying that UPSCA should have exhausted administrative remedies within the university. The decision came only in 1960. In effect, there was no USC from 1958-1960.
January 1961: BOR approved Article 448 which was the Circular no. 1 of Pres. Sinco. It also approved Article 437 which provided for a Student Union which would take charge of cultural and social programs and activities of the student body.
March 14, 1961: Investigation of the Committee Against Anti-Filipino Activities (CAFA) on 10 UP Professors for their alleged involvement in communistic activities. A thousand UP students held a demonstration in Congress to denounce the witchhunt in the university.
January 6, 1962: The Student Union protested President Macapagal's offer to Carlos P. Romulo to become UP President. The Union said "UP is not an auction bloc at Macapagal's personal disposal."
January 12, 1962: Union Chair Enrique Voltaire Garcia led the UP students to a rally in front of Quezon Hall affirming support and trust in BOR, the only sole body tasked to choose UP President.
January 18, 1962: Student Union met for two hours to pass a resolution calling Macapagal to withdraw the offer of the University Presidency to Romulo "in order to that the independence and prestige of the state university may be restored." Thirty-eight Union members voted "yes" for the resolution, only three voted against.
June 1962: USC restored by UP President Romulo. USC presented former UP President Sinco a plaque during his resignation for his " commitment to the preservation of the free and secular nature of the university."
July 1963: President Romulo proclaimed Academic Year 1963–1964 as the Year of the Student.
AY 1964-65: USC initiated the jeepney campus boycott until the fares for campus rides were reduced to five centavos from 10 centavos.
December 1964: The Student Cultural Association in UP (SCAUP) made a float with Jun Tera in the stance and uniform of a Vietnamese guerilla during the Lantern Parade. Instead of Christmas Carols, the students sang the Internationale.
September 11, 1966: USC Chair Voltaire Garcia led a mammoth demonstration at the Palace to protest the senseless shedding of Filipino blood for a foreign power and cause.
October 24, 1966: The USC led a historic hike of students from Quezon City to Manila Hotel where the Manila Summit was held. 5000 students were protesting the continuing American intervention in the Vietnam War. Police violently dispersed the protesters. Sores were hurt. The USC called for an inter-university indignation rallies. The October 24 Movement was formed.
The USC called for a National Students’ Congress for the advancement of nationalism to be held in Diliman. 500 student leaders attended the event.
July 1968: The USC, Philippine Collegian, Katipunang Makabansa, Pagkakaisa, and the Partisans led 14 busloads of students to the Congress building to oppose the Second Philippine Civil Action Group bill on the involvement of the country in the Vietnam War.
August 16, 1968: Metrocom dispersed a rally led by UP students at US Embassy and Malacañang to protest the "Special Relations" between the Philippines and USA. Five UP students suffered bruises.
September 1968: Senator Lorenzo Tañada, head of the Movement for the Advancement of Nationalism (MAN) protested the Americanization of UP. USC started to lead demonstrations against the Vietnam War, Philippine participation in the war, oil monopolies, implementation of the retail trade nationalization laws, and US imperialism.

</doc>
<doc id="20582315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582315" title="Kings Park, Winnipeg">
Kings Park, Winnipeg

Kings Park is a large park in southern Winnipeg, located on the western side of the Red River. Its grounds include Japanese pagoda gardens in the centre of the park, a soccer field, two baseball diamonds, an off leash dog park area and marshland, home of waterfowl and wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="20582317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582317" title="Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Musical or Comedy">
Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Musical or Comedy

Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Musical or Comedy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20582358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582358" title="Hollow Crown">
Hollow Crown

Hollow Crown is the third album by British metalcore band, Architects. It was recorded at Outhouse Studios, Reading. On their Youtube channel, there are several videos documenting the bands recording sessions. The album was leaked on the internet on 12 January 2009. Kerrang! magazine gave it a KKKKK rating, which is the equivalent of 5 stars.
Background.
On 18 July 2010 it was announced from the "Architects" Facebook account that they would be re-releasing "Hollow Crown" (in the UK only) as a deluxe edition on the 16th of August 2010. The deluxe edition was to include a DVD documentary on their previous 18 months of touring/ recording and a remix of the title track "Hollow Crown" by the guitarist and drummer Tom and Dan Searle.
Style and themes.
This album marks a change in guitar tuning for the second time, now using C# standard on a majority of the tracks (drop B tuning being used on Ruin) and an alternate tuning similar to C# standard, but with the low C# tuned to G#. This tuning is featured on the tracks Early Grave and Borrowed Time. Also, they use a 7 string baritone (ESP LTD SC-607B Stephen Carpenter Signature) on the track Dead March, which is tuned to drop A. 
Stylistically, the band considered Hollow Crown as a natural progression from its predecessor. Hollow Crown album displays a significant increase in clean vocals from Sam Carter, as well as a change in his harsh vocals, from the lower register on Ruin to more high-pitched screams. Also in this album, there is a further departure from the band's mathcore roots, utilising more traditional song structures, simplified riffs and more melodic musicianship, as well as a fair usage of keyboards and drum programming.
Carter has stated that the lyrics on the album are of a personal nature. He has said that he wrote about everyday life and things that happen to him, these are as simple as sitting in a car with friends or hating girls.
Title and packaging.
The album title has had different value to each member of the band. Dan Searle in interview was asked why the band gave it the title and he stated to him it refers to "those people you meet in life that earn nothing, but are given everything." During an interview in October 2009 vocalist and lyricist Sam Carter stated that the inspiration for him when picking the name was because despite the band's hard working nature they never seemed to progress, saying "we’ve always felt like we were a band that worked really, really hard and we never got appreciation for it".
Reception.
In 2012, British publication Rock Sound added Architects' album Hollow Crown into their "101 Modern Classics" placed at number 76. They considered the album more of a classic than The Offspring's Americana and Bullet For My Valentine's The Poison. Stating that "back when they were young, hungry and out to impress, Architects wrote this face-melting collection of rippers and made the world sit up."

</doc>
<doc id="20582367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582367" title="Ceratomycetaceae">
Ceratomycetaceae

The Ceratomycetaceae are a family of fungi in the order Laboulbeniales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, and are epibiotic or parasitic on insect cuticles.

</doc>
<doc id="20582369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582369" title="List of countries by central bank interest rates">
List of countries by central bank interest rates

This is a list of countries by annualized interest rate set by the central bank for charging commercial, depository banks for loans to meet temporary shortages of funds. The data is taken from CIA World Factbook, world interest rates and Forex Motion 

</doc>
<doc id="20582375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582375" title="Kazuyo Katsuma">
Kazuyo Katsuma

She graduated from Keio University School of Commerce and the Waseda University Graduate School with a master's degree in finance. Later she worked as analyst for several international consulting companies and banks like McKinsey and JPMorgan Chase.
Katsuma was nominated as one of "The 50 Women to Watch 2005" by "The Wall Street Journal". She was placed in the "Advocates" section, which means that she works to improve the lives of other women.

</doc>
<doc id="20582383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582383" title="Amazon Military Command">
Amazon Military Command

The Amazon Military Command is one of seven Military Commands of the Brazilian Army. The Amazon Military Command or ""Comando Militar da Amazônia"" (CMA) is responsible for the defence of the Amazon Basin. Five Infantry Brigades specializing in Jungle warfare, one construction Engineer Brigade and two Military Regional Commands are subordinated to the CMA. Its area of responsibility covers the states of Pará, Amapá, Amazonas, Acre, Roraima and Rondônia and small parts of the states of Tocantins and Maranhão.
The total strength of the CMA is around 26.300 active troops.

</doc>
<doc id="20582392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582392" title="Electoral district of Central Launceston">
Electoral district of Central Launceston

The Electoral district of Central Launceston, sometimes referred to as Launceston Central, was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the centre of Launceston, Tasmania's second city, and its inner suburbs.
The seat had two separate existences. It was initially created ahead of the 1871 state election and abolished at the 1886 state election. It was then recreated ahead of the 1903 state election, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20582423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582423" title="Early life of John Milton">
Early life of John Milton

John Milton (9 December 1608 – 8 November 1674) was an English poet, prose writer, polemicist and civil servant for the Commonwealth of England. Although this role was established in his later years, Milton's early life provides insight into his education and his poetic development, along with his start in politics. The year 1642, which saw him 34 years of age, married for the first time (disastrously), and a public figure as a controversial writer, marks the watershed of his life, as it did for British politics.
Milton was educated under a strong Protestant influence and attended Christ's College, Cambridge with the intention of pursuing a career as a minister. During his college years, Milton produced his poems "L'Allegro" and "Il Penseroso". After leaving Cambridge, Milton changed his mind about his future, and hesitated during many years of study. Instead, he spent time composing poetry, which led to the production of the dramatic verse of "Arcades" and "Comus". 
After the death of his mother, Milton left England to tour Europe. Upon returning, Milton was brought into the realm of political writing and he began a career composing political tracts which put forth his views on state and religious matters. He first supported the presbyterian leaders who were lining up in England behind Stephen Marshall; a few years later he would promote more radical views.
Parents.
Milton's parents were John Milton, Sr. (1562–1647), a composer and scrivener, and his wife Sara Jeffrey (1572–1637). John Milton, Sr.'s business owned many properties and was involved in making loans. He was from a yeoman family and was raised in Oxford where he trained as a chorister. However, when Richard Milton, his father and a staunch Roman Catholic, discovered that John Milton, Sr. had Protestant leanings, he disinherited his son. John Milton, Sr. left for London and became a scrivener apprentice in 1583. Little is known about Sara Jeffrey besides that Paul Jeffrey, her father, was a tailor and her mother was Ellen, who lived with the Miltons until her death in 1611. The two married around 1600 and buried an unnamed child on 12 May 1601. 
John Milton, Sr. ran his business from his home on Bread Street. He was constantly at work, and only took a partial day off the day his son was born. In 1633, John Milton, Sr. became warden for the Chapel of St Paul. He continued his job as a scrivener until 1636, when he left the Company of Scriveners's Court of Assistants and he moved his family from Hammersmith to Horton. While not working as a scrivener, John Milton, Sr. composed music, which brought him into a close relationship with other musicians and composers including Henry Lawes, who proved influential in commissioning the young Milton's masques. At least twenty of his compositions survived, and most of them contain a religious theme. His works were published in many collections, including Thomas Morley's "Triumphs of Oriana" (1601), William Leighton's "The Tears or Lamentations of a Sorrowful Soul" (1612) and Thomas Ravenscroft's "The Whole Book of Psalms" (1621), amongst others. He also composed poetry, and two poems, never published, are known to have existed: a sonnet and a poem dedicated to John Lane.
Childhood.
Milton was born 6:30 a.m. on Friday 9 December 1608, in Cheapside, London along Bread Street, near St. Paul's Cathedral. He was baptized at All Hallows Church on 20 December 1608. At the time of Milton's birth, his father was 46 and mother 36. He had one older sister Anne; her date of birth is unknown. Milton had three younger siblings: Christopher, baptized 3 December 1615; Sara, baptized 15 July 1612 and died 6 August 1612; and Tabitha, baptized 30 January 1614 and died 3 August 1615. 
Milton attended church at All Hallows and was influenced by the minister Richard Stock, a Puritan who was anti-Catholic and emphasized the need to read the Bible. In addition to his time at church, he spent most of his early life near St. Paul's Cathedral and was privately tutored. From the ages of 5 and 7, Milton was taught how to read and write in English and Latin, along with arithmetic. Milton was provided with several tutors between the ages of 7 and 12, but one in particular, Thomas Young, would prove influential. Young was a Scottish Presbyterian who had moved south, was highly educated and respected by his peers. Young's religious views affected Milton, and he adopted both Puritan appearances and ideas during his tutoring. Young was not the only major figure in Milton's early education; Milton acknowledged his father's care in teaching him many languages, including French, Italian, and Hebrew.
After a few years, he was sent to St. Paul's School, which was run by Alexander Gil, William Sound, and Oliver Smythe. Gil had a reputation for scholarship in Greek, Latin, and theology. He was also a proponent of English grammar structures and relied on poetry, including that written by Edmund Spenser and Philip Sidney, in order to discuss the English language. Milton traveled each day between school and home, and his path took him by St Paul's. It is possible that he listened to the sermons put on during this time by John Donne. John Aubrey, in "Brief Lives", quotes his brother Christopher to describe how Milton spent his time: "When he went to school, when he was very young, he studied very hard and sat up very late, commonly till twelve or one o'clock at night; and his father ordered the main to sit up for him". Milton later attributed his blindness, in his "Defensio Secunda", to the rigorous study that he undetook during this time.
There is little evidence about Milton's time at St. Paul's, because the school's records were lost in a fire during the late 17th century. The actual date of Milton's start at the school is uncertain, further than estimate in the range from 1615 to 1622. According to accounts by Edward Phillips, Milton's nephew, and by Christopher Milton, Milton started at the school during his earliest years. However, Phillips states that Milton went to school with his brother, which ambiguous phrasing pushes the date to 1622. Milton, in his "Defensio Secunda", claims that he began his deeper studies at the age of 12, which places the date after 1620. While at the school, Milton befriended Charles Diodati, and the two kept up a regular correspondence of letters and poetry. It is certain that the friendship was established Diodati before Diodati left to study at Oxford in early 1623. 
In 1624, Milton composed his earliest completed poem, "A Paraphrase on Psalm 114". The poem describes how the Jews were led by God out of Egypt, the miracle of the parting of the Red Sea, and their eventual arrival in Canaan. The psalm emphasizes the importance of the father figure and serves as an early model for the relationship between father and son in Milton's later works, including "Paradise Lost" (God and Son) and "Samson Agonistes" (Manoa and Samson).
College.
On 12 February 1625, Milton was admitted into Christ's College, Cambridge as a minor pensioner. Christ's under Thomas Bainbrigg, Master from 1622, was harmonious on religious questions, a great contrast to the situation some years earlier when Valentine Carey had clashed with William Ames, and the fellowship of 13 included a range of views. Milton matriculated on 9 April 1625 with William Chappell as his tutor. He intended, according to the Subscription Book, to become a minister, and his course of study at Cambridge was based around this vocation. More of Milton's studies at Cambridge is unknown, but he did begin to study with Chappell, who was a respected scholar and became a staunch Arminian and Laudian. Milton would have attended lectures by Samuel Collins, Robert Creighton, and Robert Metcalfe, in addition to hearing Richard Sibbes and George Herbert preach. The Fellow of Christ's with the greatest reputation for his contemporaries was Joseph Mede, but it has not been shown that he had personal influence on Milton. It has been argued that Milton later took from Mede's writings some conceptions on the millennium. 
When the plague hit England in August 1625, the University of Cambridge had to be shut down until December. Milton had been there only for a few months before he had an altercation with Chappell and he was rusticated by this time. It is possible that the conflict originated in Chappell's Arminianism conflicting with Milton's Calvinistic views. He was suspended temporarily from the college, and returned to London from April to July 1625. During this period, Milton composed many of his earlier poems; his poems on the Gunpowder Plot, his Hobson poems, and his "An Epitaph on the Marchioness of Winchester" were written while working on various college exercises. Other poems, such as "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" or "On Time", "Upon the Circumcision", and "At a Solemn Music", were written during Milton's free time.
When Milton returned in 1626, he changed his tutor, because Chappell had wanted Milton removed from the college completely. His new tutor, Nathaniel Tovey, was a friend to both Diodati's family and to Chappell, which eased the personal problems. Tovey's views were Calvinist, and he was a Ramist in logic, a style followed later by Milton in his "Art of Logic". Milton spent time writing Latin verse with other students, including "Elegy II", which honored Richard Ridding after his death 26 September 1626. Another elegy was written for the vice-chancellor, John Gostlin, who died on 21 October 1626. In the poem, Milton relies on Horatian poetics. The poem was placed first among the Latin poems in his 1645 collection. It is possible that the work was partly from an early poem that was then expanded in memory of Gostlin. In "Elegy III", Milton honours Lancelot Andrewes, the Bishop of Winchester, who died 25 September 1626. In the poem, he also honours two others, whose deaths compounded his time of mourning, and the many Protestants who died during the Thirty Years War. 
He received a bachelor's degree in 1629. In 1630, Milton composed "On Shakespeare". The poem became the first poem of Milton's to be published, and it was including anonymously in the Second Folio of Shakespeare's "Works". During this time, Milton began composing a series of love-sonnets, with seven of the poems written during his college years and a final set of three written after 1642. In 1632, he received a master of arts degree. He graduated "cum laude", but the route into academia was blocked to him by the Christ's College statutes, there already being a Fellow of London origins, Michael Honywood.
Early writing.
After graduating from Cambridge, Milton returned to live with his parents in Hammersmith, for a long "studious retirement". During this period, extending from 1630 to 1638, Milton hesitated over a career and composed his "Arcades", "A Mask" (better known as "Comus", a title it acquired only in 1738 at the hands of John Dalton), and "Lycidas". 
Both "Arcades" and "A Mask Presented at Ludlow Castle, 1634" were masques commissioned by the family of John Egerton, 1st Earl of Bridgewater through the influence of Lawes, the Earl's music tutor for his children. "Arcades" was written to honor Alice Spencer, Countess Dowager of Derby, and performed on her estate at Harefield west of London; the date is debated, perhaps in October 1632 as the family tried to put behind it the scandal of the execution of her son-in-law Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven for sexual offences, or on her 75th birthday, 4 May 1634. "A Mask" was performed for Michaelmas eve, 29 September 1634, at Ludlow Castle, the Earl of Bridgewater's residence. This masque differed in some ways from other masques of the time, in that it was longer and did not rely as much on music. The text was revised and published in 1638. Milton was a theatre-goer in his youth, as he mentions in "Elegy I", and his dramatic work on masques, though the genre was closely associated with court entertainments, has been seen as suggestive of a reforming rather than a negative attitude to drama, in contrast to militant critics such as William Prynne from the Puritan side.
Milton's family moved out west from Hammersmith to Horton during 1636, further into the English countryside. In November 1638, Milton wrote "Lycidas" and the work was published in a collection of other memorial works for Edward King, who had attended Christ's College with Milton, published that year. While Milton knew King, who had been elected to a fellowship, it is not clear they were close friends. "Lycidas" is a thoughtful elegy in the pastoral style, and it appeared over the initials J.M.
Travels in Europe.
In April 1637, Sara Milton died, and Milton used the opportunity to distance himself from his family. After money was provided for the care of his father, now retired, Milton left to tour Europe in May 1638. This early "Grand Tour" of France, Italy and Switzerland lasted until either July or August 1639. While they did not follow the later model of tutelage and instruction for a young man of good financial position straight from university, Milton's travels brought him directly to the urban centres of Europe from a life in semi-rural Horton; and Milton was exposed to various artistic and religious traditions, especially the Catholic world, and current political thought. He also met numerous celebrated theorists and intellectuals to whom he was able to display his poetic skills. As to specific details, only a general account is preserved, and there is just one major source: Milton's own "Defensio Secunda". Although there are other records, some letters, some mentions in his other prose tracts and the rest, the bulk of the information therefore comes from a work that, according to Barbara Lewalski, "was not intended as autobiography but as rhetoric, designed to emphasize his sterling reputation with the learned of Europe." However, many of the major events can still be pieced together from various documents. 
He travelled a standard route relied on by other Englishmen touring Europe at the time. He first went to Calais and then on to Paris, riding horseback. He had brought a letter from diplomat Henry Wotton which allowed him to be introduced at the British embassy. From ambassador John Scudamore, Milton received other letters of introduction, and they proved their value as he received assistance from other Englishmen along his travels and met important individuals. Scudamore introduced him directly to Hugo Grotius, of whom Milton called "a most learned man" and one who "I ardently desired to meet" Grotius was a Dutch jurist and major philosopher of law, playwright and poet; he was a defender of Arminianism and believer in religious toleration, and his views on theology and politics were in some ways similar to Milton's own. However, Milton quickly left France after this meeting, after visiting a few landmarks including the Louvre and Notre Dame de Paris; Cyriack Skinner, his assistant, explains that Milton did not appreciate the French regime, under the control of Louis XIII and Cardinal Richelieu, who were anti-Huguenot. 
Milton traveled south to Nice and then on to Genoa. He then journeyed to Livorno and Pisa, seeing the Leaning Tower. He reached Florence around July 1638 and stayed there until September. While there, Milton enjoyed many of the sites and structures of the city. He also met many intellectuals and attended social and artistic events. He enjoyed spending time in the Florentine academies that claimed to operate in a similar fashion to Plato's "Symposium". In particular, Milton probably visited the Florentine Academy and the Academia della Crusca along with smaller academies in the area including the Apastisti, operated by Milton's friend Carlo Dati, and the Svogliati, operated by Jacopo Gaddi. While at the Svogliati, Milton read some of his neo-Latin poetry. His candor of manner and erudite neo-Latin poetry made him many friends in Florentine intellectual circles, and he met a number of famous and influential people through these connections including the astronomer Galileo at Arcetri, Benedetto Buonmattei, Antonio Malatesti, and others. Although Milton enjoyed himself in Florence, he left in September to continue onward to Rome.
Now with many connections from Florence, Milton had easy access to Rome's intellectual circles, including groups like the Fantastici. His poetic abilities impressed such as Giovanni Salzilli, who honoured Milton in an epigram; this praise was later mentioned in the preface to the Latin portion of Milton's "Poems" of 1645. In return for this poetic generosity, Milton returned the favour in his Latin "Ad Salzillum", which discusses his own merits and laments that Salzilli was ill at the time. In late October, Milton, despite his dislike for the Society of Jesus, attended a dinner given by the English College, Rome, meeting English Catholics who were also guests, theologian Henry Holden and the poet Patrick Cary. There is little else known about this time beyond that he met David Codner, an English Benedictine with court connections, who also praised Milton's poetry, and that he attended various musical events, including oratorios, operas, and melodramas. Milton left for Naples near the end of November and he stayed only for a month, finding that Spanish control diminished the local intellectual and artistic community. He was introduced to Giovanni Battista Manso, patron to both Torquato Tasso and to Giovanni Battista Marino. Manso became Milton's guide through Naples and gifted Milton with books and a distich that teases Milton through Gregory the Great's pun on "Angle" and "angel" when describing the English. Milton responded in his "Mansus" that he was grateful for the gesture of good will and claims Manso as his patron. 
Milton had wanted to travel to Sicily and then on to Greece; but he started to retrace his steps, and after lingering on the way home he returned to England during the summer of 1639. He claimed in "Defensio Secunda" that his plans were changed by "sad tidings of civil war in England." 
It is possible, as he wrote later, that he was warned by a group of merchants that there was a plot to murder him if he was to re-enter Rome. This claim could be merely an exaggeration to reinforce himself as a defender of Protestantism. However, Milton's theological frankness did limit what Manso could do for him as patron. A lingering reputation is suggested by what Nicolaas Heinsius, a Dutch poet, later wrote: "That Englishman was hated by the Italians, among whom he lived a long time, on account of his over-strict morals, because he both disputed freely about religion, and on any occasion whatever prated very bitterly against the Roman Pontiff." Regardless, these were all points that Milton later took pride in. He actually spent two months in Rome on his return journey. 
He arrived in time to experience Carnival and its festivities. Also, Milton met Lukas Holste, a Vatican librarian, and was given a personal tour through the library and its vast collection of books and manuscripts. Through Holste, Milton was also introduced to Cardinal Francesco Barberini, and was able to view the opera "Chi soffre speri", hosted by the Cardinal. Milton later praised Barberini, steering away from theological subjects. He also experienced a concert of Leonora Baroni, writing a few Latin epigrams in tribute. Around March, Milton travelled once again to Florence and stayed there for two months. While there, he attended further meetings of the academies and spent time with the friends that he made on his previous visit. After leaving Florence, he travelled to Lucca and passed through Bologna and Ferrara along the way. 
He stopped in Venice for a month and experienced various "operates" and other theatrical and musical events. Venice also showed him a Republican form of government that he later admired as promoting freedom. While in Italy, Milton's childhood friend, Diodati, had died. Milton composed an elegy in memory of Diodati, and included a headnote saying that they "had pursued the same studies" and that they were the "most intimate friends from childhood on". It took Milton seven months in all to return finally to England, with the trip extended from Venice as he visited Giovanni Diodati, his friend's uncle, in Geneva. There he encountered Calvinism in power and another model republic. He was introduced to the various scholars and theologians of the region. From Switzerland, Milton travelled to Paris and then to Calais before finally arriving in England in either July or August 1639.
Published author.
His tour over, Milton within two years found roles and independence in teaching and controversy. By the summer of 1642, which also marked the outbreak of the First English Civil War, he felt ready to marry. Milton's early poetry, written from 1624 onwards, was eventually published in December 1645. This work contained both Milton's English poetry and his Latin poetry. Only three poems were not included, but they were eventually introduced into the 1673 edition of the poems. The frontispiece of the work, by William Marshall, depicted Milton at the age of 21.
Milton returned to England, in late 1639, in the interlude between the two Bishops' Wars. Rather than living with his father, he found accommodation of his own in London, and began tutoring. He lived for a year near St Bride's Church, and moved in 1640 a short way to Aldersgate, just outside the City proper. His first pupils were his young nephews, Edward Phillips and John Phillips, sons of his sister Anne and both later known as writers. Milton's 1644 intervention "Of Education" in debate on pedagogy is based on his practical experience, as well as stating his own relationship to humanist tradition. At this period he was casting around for a literary project, compiling long lists of possible Biblical and historical topics, abandoning the idea of an Arthurian work and considering subjects mainly in a dramatic light.
Political events now began to unfold rapidly; and controversial publications, particularly on episcopacy, sprang up in a pamphleteering battle. During his early years, Milton had been placed under Thomas Young for tutoring. Now 30 years later, Young was one of five clerics of presbyterian views who formed Smectymnuus. The group, titled after a combination of each contributor's initials, wrote on antiprelatical matters, and Young encouraged Milton to write his first prose work, "Of Reformation" (1641), to aid in their cause. In all, Milton's antiprelatical tracts amounted to five pamphlets written in the space of a year. Of these, only the fourth carried his name, but he took on easily the role of polemicist, both lofty and resorting to low gibes and scurrility.
At the same time as the final pamphlet of the series, May 1642, Milton married Marie Powell (see John Milton's relationships). The marriage was short-lived, as the First English Civil War broke out, for reasons not fully explained, but set off Milton's divorce tracts, another polemical series of pamphlets beginning in 1643. Milton's advocacy of divorce pushed him away from Puritan orthodoxy, and led on to "Areopagitica" of 1644 against censorship, his most lasting prose work.

</doc>
<doc id="20582461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582461" title="Teresina Airport">
Teresina Airport

Teresina-Senador Petrônio Portella Airport is the airport serving Teresina, Brazil. Since December 22, 1999 it is named after Petrônio Portella Nunes (1925-1980) a former Mayor of Teresina, Governor of Piauí, Senator and Minister of Justice who had a key role in preparing the end of the Brazilian military government.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
The airport was opened on September 30, 1967 and since December 23, 1974 it is operated by Infraero.
The airport underwent major renovations between 1998 and 2001, including the passenger terminal, runway and the construction of a new control tower.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Teresina.

</doc>
<doc id="20582477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582477" title="St. Charles Borromeo Roman Catholic Church (Detroit, Michigan)">
St. Charles Borromeo Roman Catholic Church (Detroit, Michigan)

St. Charles Borromeo Roman Catholic Church is a church located at the corner of Baldwin Avenue and St. Paul Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. The church address is 1515 Baldwin Street; ancillary buildings are located at 1491 Baldwin Street (Rectory) and 1480 Townsend Street (School Building). The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
History.
In the late 1850s, Belgian Catholics immigrated to Detroit and settled in the eastside neighborhoods near Gratiot and Baldwin. In 1886, a parish dedicated to St. Charles Borromeo was established to minister to this congregation. A wood-frame church was constructed for the parish, and quickly expanded. As Detroit grew, the parish grew along with it, with French, German, Irish, Scotch, and English immigrant congregants in addition to the original Belgians. By 1920, the congregation numbered over 3000. By the 1930s, the school's population also included many Catholic children of Syrian and Italian immigrants.
In 1912, the two-story rectory and school was designed and built by Van Leyen & Schilling. In 1918, Peter Dederichs was awarded a contract to build an "edifice of Romanesque style for religious use." Just four years after the church was completed, it was expanded to meet the needs of the growing congregation.
The church is still used today, although the congregation has altered. The rectory serves its original function, and the school is leased by the Church of Messiah.
Description.
The St. Charles Borromeo parish complex consists of four buildings, three of which are historically significant: the church itself, the rectory, and the school. 
The church is built with red-brown tapestry brick on a white Bedford stone foundation, with trim of the same stone. The church is built in a Latin Cross plan, 92 feet across and 180 feet in depth. The design is Romanesque with Arts and Crafts elements. The front facade is flanked by asymmetric towers with red tiled hip-roofs. The entranceway is within a two-story arched structure with columns on each side, above which is a large rose window. Rosettes are in the spandrels above the entrance arches, and green tile fills the spandrels and pediments of the front and side facades. The decorative brick pilasters around the central arch are derived from Prairie School or Arts and Crafts models. 
The main altar is Baroque in style. The organ was built in two sections to clear the rose window above the main entrance.
The school and rectory were designed in the Prairie style with some Byzantine elements.

</doc>
<doc id="20582478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582478" title="Adria–Wien Pipeline">
Adria–Wien Pipeline

The Adria–Wien Pipeline (AWP) is a crude oil pipeline, which connects the Transalpine Pipeline from Würmlach at the Italian-Austrian border with the Schwechat Refinery near Vienna, Austria. It allows oil supplies to Austria from the Italian oil terminal in Trieste.
History.
The planning of the pipeline started in 1965 with establishment of Adria–Wien Pipeline GmbH. The construction started in 1969 and the pipeline was commissioned in 1970.
Technical features.
The length of the pipeline is . It has also a long branch line to Lannach. The diameter of the main pipeline is and it consists of 12 pumping stations. The capacity of the pipeline is 8 million tons of crude oil per year.
Operating company.
The pipeline is operated by Adria–Wien Pipeline GmbH, in which OMV owns 76%. Other shareholders are BP Austria, Shell Austria, Esso Austria and Agip.

</doc>
<doc id="20582487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582487" title="Euceratomycetaceae">
Euceratomycetaceae

Euceratomycetaceae is a family of fungi in the order Laboulbeniales. These fungi, found mostly in temperate zones, tend to be parasitic or epibiotic on insect exoskeletons.

</doc>
<doc id="20582489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582489" title="Stefan Weber (Orientalist)">
Stefan Weber (Orientalist)

Stefan Weber (October 17, 1967 in Aachen) is a German Orientalist and Director of the Museum of Islamic Art ("Museum für Islamische Kunst") at the Pergamon Museum in Berlin, Germany. Previously, he was Assistant Professor of Material History at the Institute for the Study of Muslim Civilisations of Aga Khan University in London.
Career.
Weber matriculated in Islamic studies (Arabic, Persian, Turkish and History of Islamic art) at Bonn University in 1990 and finished as Magister in 1996. After university he worked at the German Archaeological Institute in Damascus. In 2001 he received a doctorate from the University of Berlin and moved to Beirut as staff member of the Deutsche Morgenländische Gesellschaft (German Oriental Society).
In 2007 he became assistant Professor of Material History at the Institute for the Study of Muslim Civilisations of Aga Khan University in London. In July 2008 he was appointed as director of the Pergamon Museum of Islamic Art in Berlin by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation and holds this position since spring 2009.
Stefan Weber chaired several international and interdisciplinary projects. He specialized in architectural history of Syria in Ottoman times.

</doc>
<doc id="20582500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582500" title="Nawal 2009">
Nawal 2009

Nawal 2009 is a 2009 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
Promotion.
Nawal is scheduled to appear on "Kelmet Fassil" (The Word Of The Season) hosted by Joumana abu Eid.
Chart performance and impact.
Kuwaiti's latest album debuted at number 1 on Rotana's Khaleeji album charts and at number 2 on Rotana's Egyptian charts, marking the first time that she has appeared on the Egyptian Charts and the first time for a khaleeji album to ever appear on the Egyptian Charts. 
Two weeks after the album's release, Rotana, Nawal's production company announced the second shipping of album copies around the Arab World, thus certifying it platinum in just two weeks' time. 
According to StaRate, "Nawal 2009" became fifth best selling album of 2008 one month after its release in November.

</doc>
<doc id="20582543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582543" title="Georgeta Hurmuzachi">
Georgeta Hurmuzachi

Georgeta Hurmuzachi-Dumitrescu (b. January 23, 1936) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1956 Olympic Games. She was a member of the team that won the first team Olympic medal for Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20582549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582549" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – World Cup 1 – 20 km Individual Men">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – World Cup 1 – 20 km Individual Men

These are the official results of the Men's 20 km Individual event at the 1st Biathlon World Cup at Östersund, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20582555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582555" title="Whyte Ridge, Winnipeg">
Whyte Ridge, Winnipeg

Whyte Ridge is a residential subdivision of approximately 1500 homes in the southwest corner of the city of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The subdivision was built on former farmland, just south of a small townsite that was historically known as Fort Whyte. The first homes in the subdivision were constructed in 1986. The final homes in the subdivision were constructed in 2007.
The name of the neighbourhood was derived from William Whyte, who led a "bloodless battle" over railway rights in 1888 on land that is adjacent to the neighbourhood.
Subsequent to the battle of Fort Whyte, a small townsite called "Fort Whyte" appeared, which included a few dozen homes and a grain elevator. The grain elevator burned to the ground in March 2000, but the original homes of the townsite are still found in Whyte Ridge along McGillivray Boulevard, just to the north of the newer subdivision. Residents of these older homes are considered to be a part of Whyte Ridge, and are part of the Whyte Ridge Community Centre catchment region (as are residents of the small subdivision called Linden Ridge, found to the East of Whyte Ridge across Kenaston Boulevard).
Two large man-made lakes were excavated for the development and a ridge was created from the earth that was removed. The lakes are simply named East Lake and West Lake. While no fish have been stocked in either lake, because they drain out to the Red River through underground pipes, fish have made their way into the lakes. Brown Bullhead, Carp and Northern Pike are some of the species of fish that have been identified in the lakes. The lakes are also a popular hangout for Canada Geese, Pelicans, Mallard Ducks, Coots, and assorted other foul, many of which come to Whyte Ridge from the nearby FortWhyte Alive Wildlife Centre.
The neighbourhood contains an elementary school (kindergarten to Grade 4) called Whyte Ridge School, and a middle school (Grades 5-9) called Henry G. Izatt ("HGI") School. Both schools are found on Scurfield Boulevard. Both schools have full sized soccer fields and basketball hoops which are used by the community. In addition, HGI sports a softball diamond on its grounds.
Whyte Ridge has a community centre located on Fleetwood Road. It currently contains a clubhouse, toboggan slide, full sized soccer field, tyke sized soccer field, outdoor basketball court and outdoor hockey rink, along with two parking lots. Further development of the community centre site is in the planning stages.
The neighbourhood has five playgrounds. One is found adjacent to the community centre on Cloverwood Road, one is found near HGI School adjacent to the Softball Diamond, two are found at Whyte Ridge Elementary School, and one is found to the South of the East Lake, on Columbia Drive.
The neighbourhood currently has one church, namely the Whyte Ridge Baptist church on Scurfield Boulevard at Apple Hill Road. The Whyte Ridge Baptist church congregation has bought land north of Whyte Ridge on McGillivray Boulevard, where a larger church is planned. In addition, St. Gianna's Catholic Church is being planned on vacant land that borders McGillivray Boulevard, Columbia Drive and Scurfield Boulevard. Lastly, a Presbityrian church is planned next door to St. Gianna's on McGillivray Boulevard. There is no estimated time of construction for any of these churches.
Adjacent to the neighbourhood but within the geographic area of the subdivision are two gas stations. A Shell station and convenience store is located at the corner of Scurfield Boulevard and Kenaston Boulevard. A Petro-Canada gas station, convenience store and A&W Drive-through restaurant is located at McGillivray Boulevard and Kenaston Boulevard. In addition, next to the Petro-Canada station is a 12 screen Cineplex Odeon Theatre boasting 3 VIP cinemas which borders Columbia Drive and Scurfield Boulevard.
Just outside of the subdivision's limits are several retailers and restaurants located in at least four distinct retail developments (Kenaston Crossing, Kenaston Common, Linden Ridge Mall and Whyte Ridge Mall). Among the anchor tenants at these malls are Wal-mart, Canadian Tire, Safeway, Costco and Sobeys. The malls also contain several smaller stores, a dozen restaurants, and several financial services and insurance broker offices.
Whyte Ridge residents of note include World Champion curler Cathy Overton-Clapham.
Demographics.
According to the 2006 Census, there are 7,565 people living in Whyte Ridge. Whyte Ridge is one of Winnipeg's wealthier neighborhoods, the average household income is $106,019, which is about 1.7 times greater than the average income across the whole city.
Crime.
"All rates per 100,000"
Whyte Ridge is one of Winnipeg's safest neighbourhoods. Crime rates are very low.

</doc>
<doc id="20582561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582561" title="Esens">
Esens

Esens may signify:

</doc>
<doc id="20582571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582571" title="Herpomycetaceae">
Herpomycetaceae

The Herpomycetaceae are a family of fungi in the order Laboulbeniales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, and are ectoparasitic or epibiotic on cockroaches (family "Blattidae").

</doc>
<doc id="20582604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582604" title="Point of View (radio show)">
Point of View (radio show)

Point of View is a syndicated, daily (Monday through Friday) talkshow and can be heard over 360 radio stations throughout the continental U.S.A. It was founded by Marlin Maddoux, who was the show's main host until 2003, when the co-host, Kerby Anderson, took over, with Penna Dexter as co-host. 
Point of View is a two-hour, issues-oriented live talk radio program heard daily nationwide. Kerby Anderson and the Point of View team cover the full spectrum of issues and current events that affect our faith, family, government, education, and basic freedoms from a Christian perspective. Point of View’s loyal listening audience thrives on the daily interviews and interaction with informative guests including authors, politicians, opinion leaders, conservative activists, and subject matter experts. 
Christianity Today magazine called Point of View America's "most popular live Christian call-in show." After 35 years of being on the cutting edge of talk radio, Point of View has proven they are brave enough to take on the tough issues and experienced enough to handle them.
Mission Statement.
As a media ministry, we use the powerful tool of live, daily, national talk radio and the latest digital technology to provide biblical clarity, truth, and content to restore a Christian biblical worldview to the culture.
The show's style is a "discussion forum" style like "The Jim Bohannon Show", rather than a "monologue" style like "The Savage Nation".

</doc>
<doc id="20582610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582610" title="Clan Craig">
Clan Craig

Clan Craig is a Scottish clan hailing from Aberdeenshire. The clan does not have a chief recognized by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, therefore the clan has no standing under Scots Law. Clan Craig is considered an armigerous clan, meaning that it is considered to have had at one time a chief who possessed the chiefly arms, however no one at present is in possession of such arms.
The Clan Craig Association of America, however, is recognized by the Lord Lyon and is the official representative of the Clan until a chief can be found. 
The Scottish surname "Craig" is derived from the Gaelic "creag" meaning "rocky hill". The surname is a topographic name for a person who lived near a steep rock, and often prefixed to the names of places in hilly or mountainous districts in various parts of Scotland. The name seems to belong particularly to the north of Scotland.
John of the Craig (Johannes Del Crag) of Aberdeenshire led a party of 300 men into the Battle of Culblean in 1335. It is believed that John of the Craig was Laird of the Craig of Auchindoir - the estate next to the Den of Craig in the Parish of Auchindoir. According to George Fraser Black, during the 15th century there were three families that styled themselves "of that Ilk" (meaning that the name of the family is the same as that of the place they come from i.e. Craig of Craig). The Craigs of Craigfintry - later Riccarton - became the most noted family. 
Thomas Craig of Riccarton 1538-1608, lawyer and writer, was descended from William Craig of Craigfintry(later Craigston) in Aberdeenshire, who was born in the last half of the 15th century. William Craig's second son (also named William Craig of Craigfintry) fought against the English at the Battle of Flodden Field in 1513, where he was slain. The last lineal descendant of the Craigs of Riccarton was Robert Craig of Riccarton who died in 1823 leaving no heirs. The estate of Riccarton passed to Mr. James Gibson who assumed the name and arms of Craig, changing his name to James Gibson-Craig.
Members of Clan Craig may wear a crest badge containing the crest of "a chevalier on horseback in full charge grasping a broken lance in bend Proper", and the Latin motto "VIVE DEO ET VIVES" meaning "live for God and you shall have life". The heraldry within the crest badge is taken from the arms of Craig of Riccarton.

</doc>
<doc id="20582619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582619" title="Craig Stewart">
Craig Stewart

Craig Stewart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20582627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582627" title="Verner, West Virginia">
Verner, West Virginia

Verner is a small unincorporated community in Mingo County, West Virginia, United States,It lies at an altitude of 781 feet (238 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20582717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582717" title="Ko Joo-yeon">
Ko Joo-yeon

Ko Joo-yeon (born February 22, 1994) is a South Korean actress who has gained attention in the Korean film industry for her roles in "Blue Swallow" (2005) and "The Fox Family" (2006). In 2007 she appeared in the horror film "Epitaph" as Asako, a young girl suffering from overbearing nightmares and aphasia, becoming so immersed in the role that she had to deal with sudden nosebleeds while on set. Kyu Hyun Kim of "Koreanfilm.org" highlighted her performance in the film, saying, "cast's acting thunder is stolen by the ridiculously pretty Ko Joo-yeon, another Korean child actress who we dearly hope continues her film career."

</doc>
<doc id="20582722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582722" title="Deggendorf–Metten railway">
Deggendorf–Metten railway

The Deggendorf—Metten railway was a local Bavarian branch line ("Lokalbahn") in southern Germany. It was established by the "Aktiengesellschaft der Lokalbahn Deggendorf-Metten", a railway company in eastern Bavarian that built and operated this standard gauge line between the two towns.
The company was founded, on the one hand, to provide a railway link to the town of Metten, well known for the its monastery ("Kloster Metten") and, on the other hand, to export stone from the granite quarries in the surrounding area.
The concession was issued on 7 September 1890. That same year construction started and, on 17 October 1891, it was opened to traffic. The length of the "Paterbahn", as it was called in the local dialect, was 4.22 kilometres. In addition, in Metten there was a 1.1 kilometre long branch to the quarries. The two steam locomotives that worked the line were called "Deggendorf" (Krauss 1891/ 2451 - B n2t - 1,435 mm, scrapped in 1965) and "Metten" (Krauss 1891/ 2452 - B n2t - 1,435 mm, scrapped in 1953).
The line was taken over on 1 February 1928 by the Regentalbahn AG who continued to operate it. They worked it with their locomotive "Osser" (Maffei 1922/ 5478 - C h2t - 1,435 mm) as well as the 'new' "Deggendorf" (Maffei 1927/ 5684 - D h2t - 1,435 mm).
On 6 November 1975 the last steam train ran down the line. On 23 September 1983 the last passenger train was underway. Goods traffic ceased in 1991 and on 1 August 1993 the line was finally closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20582725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582725" title="Massanutten Trail">
Massanutten Trail

The Massanutten Trail is a National Recreation Trail located in George Washington National Forest in Central Virginia. Much of the path is steep and rugged terrain, and presents many mountain vistas. The trail traverses the Massanutten Range around its inner valley. Shenandoah National Park is to the east, and Great North Mountain is west.
History.
The trail has its origins in the American Revolutionary War. Originally known as Morgan's Road, a portion of the trail at Veach Gap was built as a potential avenue for retreat in case the Continental Army had been defeated at the battle of Yorktown. George Washington had Daniel Morgan construct the road over the eastern ridge into the valley.
In the 19th century, the area was used for mining and the production of charcoal. Elizabeth Furnace was a blast furnace utilized to create pig iron. Signal Knob, a peak on the northern end of the trail, was used by the Signal Corps of both armies in the Civil War.
In 1933, Camp Roosevelt, located on the eastern part of the trail, was established as the first Civilian Conservation Camp. In the latter half of the 20th century, there were many trails established in the Massanutten area. The Potomac Appalachian Trail Club had envisoned a long distance trail there since the 1960s, and in 2002 the Circuit Trail was completed.
Animals and Plants.
There are a variety of birds, reptiles and mammals in the area. Deer, rattlesnakes, black bears, grouse and bobcats may be spotted by the hiker.
The trail also features many eastern wildflowers.
Activities.
The trail sees a variety of user activity, including hiking and backpacking. Since the trail is a circuit, it presents a good opportunity to thru-hike.
The trail is well marked by orange blazes and easy to follow. Challenges for the hiker include steep ascents and descents in elevation, rocky terrain, and few water supply points. There are backcountry camp spots along the trail, and a primitive shelter in the Little Crease area.
Hikers should be aware that the area is popular with hunters in the fall and should exercise necessary caution.
Mountain biking and trail running are also popular activities on the Massanutten Trail. The Virginia Happy Trails Running Club holds the annual Massanutten Mountain Trails 100 Mile Run ultramarathon in the Spring.
Other events that use the trail are the Old Dominion 100 Run ultramarathon, and the Old Dominion 100 Ride equestrian event.
In addition, there are primitive campgrounds located near the trail, including the Elizabeth Furnace and Camp Roosevelt area.

</doc>
<doc id="20582777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582777" title="Laboulbeniaceae">
Laboulbeniaceae

The Laboulbeniaceae are a family of fungi in the order Laboulbeniales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, and are parasitic to various orders of insects.
See also.
List of Laboulbeniaceae genera

</doc>
<doc id="20582784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582784" title="Death Rules the Fairway">
Death Rules the Fairway

Death Rules the Fairway is Death Piggy's second 45" record and it is the last record to feature original guitarist Russ Bahorsky playing on it. It is known for having a much different sound than their previous record "Love War".

</doc>
<doc id="20582839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582839" title="Electoral district of Launceston">
Electoral district of Launceston

The Electoral district of Launceston was a multi-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in Tasmania's second city, Launceston, and the surrounding rural area.
The seat was created as a three-member seat ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1871 election, when it was divided up into the seats of Central, North and South Launceston.
At the 1897 election, the Hare-Clark electoral model was trialled in Launceston and Hobart, with Launceston being recreated as a 4-member seat. It continued for two terms, before being broken up again in 1903 into Central, North, East and West Launceston. In 1909, the entire state adopted Hare-Clark, and the Launceston region became part of the Bass division.
Members for Launceston.
First incarnation: 1856–1871
Second incarnation: 1897–1903

</doc>
<doc id="20582863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582863" title="Nawal 2006">
Nawal 2006

Nawal 2006 is a 2006 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20582883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582883" title="Stefan Weber">
Stefan Weber

Stefan Weber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20582887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582887" title="Maple Grove Park">
Maple Grove Park

Maple Grove Park is a park located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Located in the St. Vital neighbourhood, the park is bordered by the Perimeter Highway to the south, St. Mary's Road to the east, and the Red River to the north and west. Kings Park is situated across the river.
The park is home to the St. Vital Mustangs Football Club, which operates a football facility and clubhouse on the grounds. Maple Grove Rugby Park, operated by Rugby Manitoba, is located next to the football facility and is Manitoba's largest rugby-only complex, featuring five regulation-sized pitches and a clubhouse of its own.
Other amenities at the park include an off-leash dog park, Ultimate Frisbee fields, beach volleyball courts, and a boat launch into the Red River.

</doc>
<doc id="20582889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582889" title="Ministry of Communications (Iceland)">
Ministry of Communications (Iceland)

The Icelandic Ministry of Communications () was a cabinet-level ministry responsible for transport by land, sea and air, as well as telecommunications and postal services. Since September 2010, the minister had been Ögmundur Jónasson of the Left-Green Movement. Various organisational changes has taken effect in the Ministry of Transport, Communications and Municipal Affairs. A number of projects have been transferred to the Ministry, which has expanded its staff by 8 employees to a total of 36.
The work of the Ministry covered i.a. the preparation of drafts of legislative proposals for parliamentary purposes, drafting of regulations, issue of work permits and professional licences, publication of reports and information dissemination. International co-operation is also an important feature of Ministry operations.
Under the auspices of the Ministry were: The Public Road Administration (Vegagerðin), the Road Accident Analysis Group, the Icelandic Maritime Administration, the Icelandic Civil Aviation Administration, Marine Accident Investigation Board, Aircraft Accident Investigation Board, the Post and Telecom Administration, Equalization Fund, and Keflavik Airport Ltd.
The Ministry was divided into four departments:
In 2011, the Ministry was merged with the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights to form the Ministry of Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="20582911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582911" title="Pyxidiophorales">
Pyxidiophorales

The Pyxidiophorales are an order of fungi within the class Laboulbeniomycetes. The order consists of the single family Pyxidiophoraceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20582913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582913" title="Minister of Communications (Iceland)">
Minister of Communications (Iceland)

The Minister of Communications () was a cabinet position which existed between 20 November 1959 and 1 October 2009. The Minister of Communications existed alongside the minister after 1 January 1970 when the Law on the Cabinet of Iceland took effect since ministries had not formally existed separately from the ministers. On 1 October 2009 the position became Minister of Transport, Communications and Local Government () and the ministry itself was also renamed accordingly. On 31 December 2010 the Ministry of Transport, Communications and Local Government was merged with the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights to form the Ministry of the Interior.

</doc>
<doc id="20582919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582919" title="Mauro Matos">
Mauro Matos

Mauro Matos (born 6 August 1982 in Castelli) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Argentine Primera División club San Lorenzo.
Career.
Matos emerged from the lower leagues of Argentine football in 2008 when he joined Arsenal de Sarandí of the Argentine Primera from Deportivo Armenio. He made his top flight debut on 16 August 2006 against Tigre and made a total of 30 Primera División appearances for the club. He also played in Club Atletico Chascomus for a short period.
In January 2010 Matos left Arsenal to join All Boys of the 2nd division.

</doc>
<doc id="20582922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582922" title="Nawal 2004">
Nawal 2004

Nawal 2004 is a 2004 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20582928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582928" title="Arthur Prentiss">
Arthur Prentiss

Arthur M. Prentiss was an American photographer born c. 1865 and died c. 1940. Some of his photos are part of the Farm Security Administration - Office of War Information Collection held in the Library Of Congress and most of his work was developed in Oregon.
Photography.
Prentiss worked in the principal photography studios of Oregon between 1913-1922.
In 1913, Prentiss joined the Weister Company.
In 1917, he joined Benjamin A. Gifford, the most famous photographer of Oregon at that time, creating Gifford-Prentiss Inc. The Gifford & Prentiss Studio was located on SW Washington between Twelfth and Thirteenth Street in Portland and lasted until Gifford retired in 1920. Note that Benjamin Gifford bought Kiser Photo Co. photographs and many of them are housed in the Gifford and Prentiss photograph collection.
In 1922 Prentiss acquired Weister's Studio and negatives.
Arthur M. Prentiss principal studio, as a single professional photographer, was in 45 Fourth Street in Portland Oregon
He produced views of the Construction of Highways in Oregon:
Prentiss also documented life and works of people of Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20582929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582929" title="Zonder Ernst">
Zonder Ernst

Zonder Ernst is a sitcom made for and aired in the 1990s by Dutch broadcasting organization NCRV.
Plot.
The series centers around widow Jet Valkenburg (Sjoukje Hooymaayer) who lives in one house with her mother
Frederique Asselberg (Ellen Vogel) and her daughter Klaartje Ellemijn Veldhuijzen van Zanten. The
fourth main character is Jet's friend, a gay bookstore owner.
Miscellaneous information.
The name is a pun, translating as both "without Ernst" (referring to Jet's late husband) and "without seriousness".

</doc>
<doc id="20582933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582933" title="Comworld Pictures">
Comworld Pictures

Comworld Pictures was a movie distributor that existed from 1980 to 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20582941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582941" title="Mafeking, Ontario">
Mafeking, Ontario

Mafeking was a small hamlet in Southwestern Ontario that is now a dispersed rural community. Located at the intersection of Tower Line Road and the 9th Concession of Ashfield-Colborne-Wawanosh (Belgrave Road) it is approximately 9 km from Lucknow and 31.5 km from Goderich.
At its peak population in 1901, Mafeking was home to about four families. 
History.
The first log schoolhouse was built in the area in 1861, and was replaced by a permanent brick structure in 1924. Known officially as SS#9 but more commonly referred to as Finlay's School or Mafeking School, the one room schoolhouse operated from 1924 until 1967 and had 45 pupils graduate during its tenure. The building was also used as the township hall until the Ashfield Municipal Road Shed was built in the adjacent lot. The school still stands on Belgrave Road but is now used primarily for storage.
The first Post Office was opened in Mafeking in 1900 by William Stuthers who was also Postmaster from 1911 until its closure in 1915 when it was amalgamated into the RR#7 Lucknow postal route. Other Postmasters in Mafeking included W.J. Treleaven (1900-1915) and Anson Finlay (1901-1911). Today the original post office still stands and is used as a private residence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20582955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582955" title="Samir Sabry">
Samir Sabry

Samir Sabry Abdou (born 13 January 1976) is an Egyptian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.
Career.
Club career.
Sabry played club football for ENPPI Club and Asyut Petroleum.
International career.
Sabry earned three caps for between 2005 and 2006, and was a member of the squad for the 2006 African Cup of Nations.
He also represented Egypt at the Futsal World Cup in 2000 and 2004, scoring 2 goals in 9 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20582964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582964" title="Nawal 2000">
Nawal 2000

Nawal 2000 is a 2000 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20582968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20582968" title="Mark Wilford">
Mark Wilford

Mark Wilford (born January 27, 1959, Boulder, Colorado) is an American rock climber and alpinist known for his bold, traditional style.
Biography.
Wilford graduated from Poudre High School in Fort Collins, Colorado in 1977 and attended the University of Colorado at Boulder for one semester. He began climbing in 1970, and became a leading rock climber while still in high school, gradually adding bold ice climbing, alpine rock and alpine mixed routes to his accomplishments. Wilford is considered a staunch traditionalist when it comes to the style and ethics of climbing.
Wilford works as a Sales Representative for Julbo, La Sportiva, Sterling and Metolius.
He is a climbing ambassador for Patagonia.
He was married in 2002 and lives in Fort Collins with his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20583003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583003" title="Warped Tour 2009">
Warped Tour 2009

Warped Tour 2009 was the 15th installment of the annual Summer Warped Tour festival. Vans Shoes was again the tour's primary sponsor. Tour founder/organizer Kevin Lyman announced that this year's tour would feature only one main stage with bands playing 40 minutes each instead of two main stages with 30 minute sets like previous years.
On February 10, 2009 details for the annual "Warped Tour Kick Off Party" were announced. The show took place on April 2, 2009 at The Key Club in West Hollywood, California and featured Warped Tour 2009 bands T.S.O.L., The Adolescents, Sing it Loud, TAT, and TV/TV on the bill. The tour won the Best Festival/Tour Award at the Rock on Request Awards.
Bands Who Participated in the Warped Tour.
The following list of bands played at one point or another on the Warped Tour.
Main Stage.
The following bands played on the Main stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Hurley Stage.
The following bands played on the Hurley stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Hurley.com Stage.
The following bands played on the Hurley.com stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Smartpunk.com Stage.
The following bands played on the Smartpunk.com stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Skullcandy Stage.
The following bands played on the Skullcandy stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Ernie Ball Stage.
Ernie Ball returned in 2009 to sponsor the Ernie Ball Stage consisting of headlining artists and 5 bands chosen for each date from the 13th annual Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands competition for the Vans Warped Tour.
The following bands played on the Ernie Ball Stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Alternative Press AP&R Battle of the Bands Winning Bands.
The following bands were chosen to play the Ernie Ball stage through voting that took place on Alternative Press's website for six select dates.
Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands 13 Winning Bands.
The following bands were chosen to play the Ernie Ball stage in their hometown for the Warped Tour.
Kia/Kevin Says Stage.
Kia Motors returned in 2009 to sponsor the Kevin Says Stage for a second year. The lineup of the stage changed from being mostly local and/or unsigned bands to now feature newly-signed and "up-and-coming" artists. The stage was booked by Warped Tour organizers along with Earn It Yourself, Sonicbids, and East Coast Independent, who sponsored their own "East Coast Indie Stage" on previous Warped Tours. East Coast Independent also held "Battle of the Bands" competitions to select bands to play on select East Coast Warped Tour dates.
The following bands played on the Kevin Says Stage on various stops on the Warped Tour.
Old Skool Stage.
The following bands played on the Old Skool Stage, during seven of the California dates (6/26-6/28 and 8/20-8/23).
Glasshouse/Tilly's Stage.
The following bands played on June 26 at the Pomona stop of the Warped Tour.
New Mexico Local Stage.
The following bands played on July 1 at the Las Cruces stop of the Warped Tour.
Union Stage.
The following bands played on July 11 at the Montreal, Quebec stop of the Warped Tour.
STO Sidestage.
The following bands played on July 19 at the Oceanport, New Jersey stop of the Warped Tour.
Jersey Stage.
The following bands played on July 19 at the Oceanport, New Jersey stop of the Warped Tour. Bands for this stage were chosen through Starland Ballroom's yearly "War For The Warped Tour" Battle of the Bands competitions.
Detroit Local Stage.
The following bands played on July 31, at the Detroit, Michigan stop of the Warped Tour.
Dates.
Warped Tour 2009 had 42 tour stops in the United States and four dates in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20583008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583008" title="Khurasan University">
Khurasan University

Khurasan University () is a private university based in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. It was founded in 2006 and registered as a private university in 2007. As of 2010, it offered diploma programs in business administration, English language, and information technology. 

</doc>
<doc id="20583012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583012" title="R45 (EP)">
R45 (EP)

R45 is Death Piggy's 3rd and final record before they became totally absorbed by their side-project GWAR, released in 1985. It has a much more polished sound, due to Russ Bahorsky leaving the group and Steve Douglas replacing him. Russ Bahorsky claimed he was very impressed with the record, stating that "It showed off some of the best production values the band ever managed to achieve" and that "Steve brought a thick, heavy, and polished sound to the group that gave the music a more professional edge".

</doc>
<doc id="20583014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583014" title="McKinley, Alabama">
McKinley, Alabama

McKinley is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States. McKinley had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists. Although a thriving community in its earliest years, it has since dwindled into obscurity.
History.
First known as New Ruin, the community was settled in 1815 and incorporated in 1848. The Phister Lodge #90, a masonic lodge, was granted a charter there on December 7, 1848. The name of the community was changed to McKinley in 1849 in honor of John McKinley, a U.S. Senator and Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
The town grew rapidly in the 1850s and became the second largest in Marengo County, after Demopolis. Around thirty large plantations surrounded the settlement. By 1860 the community had Methodist, Baptist, and Presbyterian churches, two schools, several general stores, a brick drug store, livery stables, two-story carriage repair shop, saddle and harness shop, hotel, three shoe shops, an undertaker, tanning yard, brickyard, and grist mill.
In 1860 a fire destroyed everything on the east side of Main Street, except for the hotel. A second fire in 1869 destroyed practically the entire town. It never recovered from the combined effects of the fires, American Civil War, and a changing agricultural situation. Only the Baptist church and a few homes now remain.
Geography.
McKinley is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20583015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583015" title="Richard Kaye">
Richard Kaye

Richard Kaye (born 30 September 1967 in Harrogate, Yorkshire) is a British former auto racing driver. He comes from a family heavily involved in motor-sport. His older brother James is a driver and his father Peter, worked as his engineer and team principal. He now works as a racing instructor and team manager.
Early career.
His racing career started in road rallying at the age of seventeen, progressing to stage rally racing. In 1988 he switched to circuit racing, finishing as runner-up in the St Helens Ford XR3i Challenge. He won his first title in 1989, becoming the St Helens Ford XR2i champion. From then he only did occasional racing, until 1993 when he raced in the Ford Fiesta XR2 Challenge, finishing in fourth place. He finished as runner-up in the series in 1994, including seven race wins.
BTCC.
In 1995 he stepped up to the British Touring Car Championship with the new family run Mint Motorsport Team, racing a former works Ford Mondeo. He ended his first season in the BTCC second in the Total Cup for Privateers, just five points behind independent champion Matt Neal. The team switched to a former Ray Mallock Ltd ran Vauxhall Cavalier for 1996. Again Kaye finished as runner-up in the independents cup behind Lee Brookes, despite finishing above him in the overall points table. He did not drive in the 1997 season, instead moving to team manager at Team Dynamics.

</doc>
<doc id="20583024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583024" title="ColorGraphics Weather Systems">
ColorGraphics Weather Systems

ColorGraphics Weather Systems was a computer graphics company that pioneered the use of computer graphics for displaying weather forecasts on local television. Formed in 1979 by Terry Kelly and Richard Daly, it is now part of Weather Central, another of Kelly's companies. 
History.
After graduating from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1971 with a degree in meteorology, Terry Kelly took a job with Madison, Wisconsin, television station Channel 27 calculating weather predictions. Over the next two years he introduced a number of new techniques to the industry, including using magnets to represent high and low points, color markers on a whiteboard for graphics, and later hand-photographing satellite cloud imagery with a Bolex camera to produce the first cloud-movement animations.
Kelly and several of his colleagues also produced weather forecasting software. In 1974 he was promoted to chief meteorologist at Channel 27, and at the same time started Weather Central to sell and operate their software for smaller organizations such as ski resorts and local highway departments.
ColorGraphics was formed in 1979 as a partnership between Kelly and Richard Daly. Kelly and Daly had both worked in the University of Wisconsin's Space Science and Engineering department, developers of the McIDAS weather display system. McIDAS used downloaded satellite cloud cover images and superimposed them on locally generated maps. Designed for the National Weather Service, McIDAS was a high-end system well beyond the budget of a television station.
Kelly's idea was to adapt the McIdas concept for lower cost home computer systems that were appearing in the late 1970s. Their first system, "LiveLine", was based on the Apple II. Its graphics system could not be genlocked, so a TV camera had to be pointed at the screen to send the video into the production systems. This initial system was soon replaced by a similar one running on Cromemco computers using a modified version of their Dazzler color-graphics card. In spite of its simplicity and low resolution, the fast production and "high tech" look caught on, and by the mid-1980s the system was almost universal, replacing bluescreen systems on cardboard maps that had previously been used. The company notes that 70% of the top 50 TV markets were using the system by 1982.
In 1982 the company was purchased by Dynatech, an expanding electronics company. Dynatech later purchased Cromemco and rolled the two companies together, before divesting all of its media properties in the early 1990s. Kelly and Daly purchased the rights back from Dynatech in 1994, operating under the Weather Central name. In 1995 they introduced the new "GENESIS" platform on Silicon Graphics computers, which later moved onto Hewlett-Packard workstations.

</doc>
<doc id="20583027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583027" title="Sir Edmund Lechmere, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Edmund Lechmere, 3rd Baronet

Sir Edmund Anthony Harley Lechmere, 3rd Baronet (8 December 1826 – 18 December 1894) was a British Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1866 and 1895. He was a pioneer of the Red Cross.
Lechmere was the son of Sir Edmund Hungerford Lechmere, 2nd Baronet of Hanley Castle, Worcestershire and his wife Maria Clara Murray, daughter of Hon. Murray. He was educated at Charterhouse School and Christ Church, Oxford. In 1852 he inherited the baronetcy on the death of his father. He was a senior partner in the Worcester Old Bank. In 1862 he was High Sheriff of Worcestershire.
In March 1866 Lechmere was elected at a by-election as one of the two Members of Parliament (MPs) for Tewkesbury,
but when the borough's representation was reduced to one seat at the 1868 general election, he was defeated by the Liberal Party candidate William Edwin Price. He contested Tewkesbury again in 1874, without success, but in July 1876 he was elected at a by-election as MP for Western Worcestershire. After the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, he was elected at the 1885 general election as MP for Bewdley. He held the seat until the 1892 general election, when he was elected as MP for Evesham. He held that seat until his death.
Lechmere gave an annual prize for history at the Oxford Military College in Cowley and Oxford Oxfordshire from 1876-1896.
Lechmere and his wife were among the founders of Venerable Order of St John. They had travelled several times to Jerusalem and were involved in the establishment of The St John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital.
Lechmere married Louisa Katherine Haigh (1837-), only daughter and heiress of John or Joseph Haigh of Whitwell Hall at York, on 30 September 1858. Her father, the son of a wealthy textile merchant with origins in Golcar, was born at Spring Grove, Huddersfield in 1805.(See here [http://www.willtranscriptions.co.uk/Notes%20Taken%20From%20Wills/Yorkshire/haigh_1800's.htm for Haigh's will.)

</doc>
<doc id="20583034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583034" title="Labour Force Survey">
Labour Force Survey

Labour Force Surveys are statistical surveys conducted in a number of countries designed to capture data about the labour market. All European Union member states are required to conduct a Labour Force Survey annually. Labour Force Surveys are also carried out in some non-EU countries. They are used to calculate the International Labour Organization (ILO)-defined unemployment rate. The ILO agrees the definitions and concepts employed in Labour Force Surveys.
History.
European Union.
Prior to 1998, EU member states were required to conduct an LFS in one quarter per year, but as a result of Council Regulation (EEC) No. 577/98 of 9 March 1998 they are now expected to submit LFS results for every quarter to Eurostat. Responsibility for sample selection, questionnaire design and fieldwork lies with member states' national statistical offices, who then forward the results to Eurostat, employing a common coding scheme.
The EU LFS, as it is known, covers not only the EU member states but also three of the four European Free Trade Association countries (Iceland, Norway and Switzerland) and candidate countries.
United Kingdom.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) conducted the United Kingdom's first Labour Force Survey in 1973 and repeated it every two years until 1983. The European Community then introduced a requirement for all of its member states to conduct an LFS and the ONS introduced a quarterly element to its LFS. The UK switched to a full quarterly survey in 1992, initially with seasonal quarters but moving to calendar quarters in 2006.
Australia.
The first Australian LFS was conducted by the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) in November 1960. Initially, the LFS was conducted only in state capitals, in February, May, August, and November, but in February 1964 it was rolled out to the whole of Australia. The last quarterly survey was conducted in November 1977. The LFS became monthly in February 1978, when the range of topics covered was increased and the LFS measure became the official measure of unemployment.
New Zealand.
New Zealand's quarterly Household Labour Force Survey was established in December 1985. It was revised in 1990 to include new variables including underemployment.
Usage.
In addition to being used to generate official statistics, data from the LFS are employed by academics and other researchers. In the UK, for example, the LFS has been used as a data source for research projects on topics such as female employment, the economic returns to education, migration and ethnic minority groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20583037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583037" title="Richard Day (art director)">
Richard Day (art director)

Richard Day (9 May 1896 – 23 May 1972) was a Canadian art director. He won seven Academy Awards and was nominated for a further 13 in the category Best Art Direction He worked on 265 films between 1923 and 1970.
He was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada and died in Hollywood, California.
Academy Awards.
Won.
Day won seven Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:
Nominated.
He was nominated in the same category for a further 13 films:

</doc>
<doc id="20583040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583040" title="Elena Săcălici">
Elena Săcălici

Elena (Ileana) Săcălici-Petroşanu (born 1935) was a Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1956 Olympic Games. She was a member of the team that won the first team Olympic medal (1956) and of the team that won the first team world medal(1958) for Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20583043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583043" title="Nick Kuipers (footballer born 1988)">
Nick Kuipers (footballer born 1988)

Nick Kuipers () (born 12 December 1988 in Heemskerk, North Holland) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Dutch Topklasse side IJsselmeervogels. 
Club career.
Early career.
Kuipers started playing football, at amateur team Hollandia-T in Tuitjenhorn. Here it was clear that Kuipers had a special talent, and therefore he moved to Saturday-amateur team AFC '34 in Alkmaar, who were one of the bigger amateur teams in Netherlands. HFC Haarlem saw his potential, and signed him for their youth squad. Here, he developed so good, that FC Utrecht, were keen to sign him for their reserve squad. His professional debut was right around the corner.
FC Utrecht.
The 30 December 2007, Kuipers had his professional debut in the match against Vitesse. The match ended 2-2. Since then, Kuipers played occasionally, and he has been a part of FC Utrecht's first squad. 
In the beginning of 2009, he signed on loan until the end of the 2008–09 season for FC Zwolle, where he is to gain more experience.

</doc>
<doc id="20583063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583063" title="Mohammad Shahidehpour">
Mohammad Shahidehpour

Dr. Mohammad Shahidehpour is a Carl Bodine Distinguished Professor and Chairman in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Illinois Institute of Technology. He is the author of more than 300 technical papers and five books on electric power systems planning, operation, and control.
Career.
Shahidehpour was the president of National Electrical Engineering Honor Society (HKN) and served on its executive board for eight years. He was Editor of the IEEE Transactions on Power Systems for fifteen years, and is currently the Vice President of Publication for IEEE/PES and also Editor in Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Smart Grid. He is a member of the editorial board of KIEE Journal of Power Engineering (Korea), International Journal of Emerging Electric Power Systems, IEEE Power and Energy Magazine, and International Journal of Electric Power Systems Research. Shahidehpour is an IEEE Distinguished Lecturer and has lectured across the globe on electricity restructuring issues. He is also an Honorary Professor at North China Electric Power University in China and Sharif University of Technology in Iran. He is a Fellow of IEEE.
Awards.
Shahidehpour is the recipient of:

</doc>
<doc id="20583069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583069" title="Juma and the Magic Jinn">
Juma and the Magic Jinn

Juma and the Magic Jinn is a children's picture book written by Joy Anderson and illustrated by Charles Mikolaycak. First published in 1986, this folktale with an African setting tells the story of a fictional, daydreaming boy named Juma who is living on the real Lamu Island just off the East coast of Kenya. Desiring to be some place where he won't have to study or behave, Juma seeks the help of a magical jinn (in English, a genie), a decision which leads Juma on misadventures. In the same year the book was published, "Juma and the Magic Jinn" won a 1986 Golden Kite Award for Mikolaycak's illustrations. These illustrations additionally played a role in Mikolaycak receiving the 1987 Kerland Award "in recognition of singular attainments in the creation of children's literature."
Background.
"Juma and the Magic Jinn" is an African folklore inspired children's book written Joy Anderson and illustrated by Charles Mikolaycak (26 January 1937 – 23 June 1993). The book illustrations use double-page spreads to capture a sequential picture style containing an attention to details, colours, and African setting patterns. Targeted for children ages 6–9, the folktale takes place on Lamu, a real island just off the East coast of Kenya that was established as early as the fourteenth century by Arab traders and is populated with Moslems. It was Anderson's visit to the island that inspired the University of Central Florida adjunct professor to write about a present-day boy who had a fairy-tale adventure.
Plot.
On the seafaring Lamu Island, families traditionally keep a jinn jar at home. The jinn jar is a container that holds a supernatural being in Islam and Arabian mythology called a jinn (in English, a genie). The jinn jar is kept sealed because the owners do not know if their magic jinn is good or evil, which makes people of Lamu Island generally afraid of the jinns.
The story opens with a young student named Juma daydreaming in a school instead of doing his mathematics. Since the young Juma concentrates more on his own directions of thought rather than the lessons being taught, the teacher sends Juma home. On the way home, he comes across his mother buying fish at the shore. His mother admonishes his daydreaming in school and suggests that Juma may be better off working with his father to cut mangrove poles. She instruction Juma to go home, but instructs Juma to not touch the jinn jar.
At home, Juma disobeys his mother's prior instructions and removes the cork sealing the jinn jar and calls the jinn. Juma is sceptical about his efforts and does not believe in magic. However, the magic jinn appears, in this instance as a "young woman with black and smiling catlike eyes," whose dark hair is tied with amber beads. The jinn offers to grant Juma wishes. Desiring to be some place where he won't have to study or behave, Juma formulates his wishes to overcome his need for schooling, particularly math and writing ("sums and script"). The magic jinn grants some of Juma's wishes and is sent away from his home on what turns out to be misadventures. Eventually, Juma is able to get home again but arrives with new appreciation of his home and family and realisation that learning can be exciting and fun.
Reaction.
"Juma and the Magic Jinn" was published in 1986. In that same year, "Juma and the Magic Jinn" was awarded Honor Book in the picture book illustration category of Golden Kite Award. In February 1987, the dark, rich color illustrations in the African folklore book were singled out as strong and handsome elements that emphasise the mystery of the tale. These and other illustrations lead to Mikolaycak receiving the 1987 Kerland Award "in recognition of singular attainments in the creation of children's literature." From 12 September 1993 to 1 May 1994, the McKissick Museum at the University of South Carolina exhibited "Juma and the Magic Jinn".

</doc>
<doc id="20583108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583108" title="Jacob's Well (disambiguation)">
Jacob's Well (disambiguation)

Jacob's Well can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20583109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583109" title="Demultiplexer (media file)">
Demultiplexer (media file)

A demultiplexer for digital media files, or media demultiplexer also called a file splitter by laymen or consumer software providers, is software that demultiplexes individual elementary streams of a media file, "e.g.", audio, video, or subtitles and sends them to their respective decoders for actual decoding. Media demultiplexers are not decoders themselves, but are format container handlers that separate program streams from a file and supply them to their respective audio, video, or subtitles decoders.
Playback issues.
Playback difficulties (such as no playback, no audio, or no video) may result from several or legacy file splitters for a particular file format being installed on an operating system. This causes decoder-to-file-splitter mismatch resulting in playback failure on media players.

</doc>
<doc id="20583132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583132" title="Azerbaijan–Kazakhstan relations">
Azerbaijan–Kazakhstan relations

Azerbaijan–Kazakhstan relations refer to foreign relations between Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan. Azerbaijan has an embassy in Astana and a consulate in Aktau. Kazakhstan has an embassy in Baku.
Many Azeris and Kazakhs, as well as the head of both states usually refer to it as Azeri-Kazakh brotherhood and consider the other nation an ally and a brother-nation.
Both countries were part of the Achaemenid Empire, Sassanid Empire, Umayyad Caliphate, Abbasid Caliphate, Great Seljuq Empire, Russian Empire and Soviet Union. Following the Dissolution of the Soviet Union both countries declared their independence. Diplomatic relations were established on August 27, 1992. Both countries are full members of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), the Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO), Turkic Council, Joint Administration of Turkic Arts and Culture, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
Cultural relations.
Azerbaijanis and Kazakhs are both Turkic-speaking people and share close historical, religious and cultural ties. Both are littoral states of the Caspian Sea and possess a common maritime border. During the Great Purge in the Soviet Union, more than 150.000 Azerbaijanis immigrated to Kazakhstan and the current Azeri population reaches 85,000. Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan see each other as main allies and partners in Central Asia and Transcaucasia.
Political relations.
Ex-President of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev and President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev reportedly were close friends for a long time. Nazarbayev have stated that:
Head of both states paid a visit to each other regularly. Heydar Aliyev paid a visit to Kazakhstan in order to take part at the 150th anniversary of Abay Kunanbayev. Heydar Aliyev was awarded with the medal "Astana" for his services in the development of friendly relations with Kazakhstan.
During the presidency of Aliyev the Azeri-Kazakh relations mostly covered the legal status of the Caspian Sea and the fields of agriculture and energy. New impulse to the development of Azerbaijani–Kazakhstani relations was given by a state visit of current President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev to Astana in March 2004, and a state visit of President Nursultan Nazarbayev to Azerbaijan in May 2005. A number of bilateral instruments, including the "Strategic Partnership and Allies' Relations Treaty", were signed. Both presidents regularly pays an official visit to each countries for discussing economical development, strategic alliance and co-operation in other areas, particularly on the transportation of the Caspian oil and gas to the world markets. Both of the presidents emphasized the importance of the role of Kazakhstan in large-scale projects, especially in Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan.
Prime Minister of Azerbaijan Artur Rasizade participated in the inaugural ceremony of Kazakh President on January 11–12, 2006 in Astana.
One of priority directions in bilateral cooperation is co-ordination of legal status of the Caspian Sea. On November 29, 2001, Presidents of the two countries signed the "Agreement on Delimitation of the Bottom of the Caspian Sea" during a CIS summit in Moscow.
The Nagorno Karabakh War.
Kazakhstan played a role during Nagorno-Karabakh War with showing the first peace attempt. Nursultan Nazarbayev and then President of Russia Boris Yeltsin attempted to end the three-year-long hostilities between Armenia and Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh region. Although consensus was reached, Armenia didn't stop its attacks. The peace efforts came to a halt during the crash of Azerbaijani MI-8 helicopter with Russian, Kazakh observers and Azerbaijani high-ranking state officials on board when it was shot down by Armenians over Karakend village of Khojavend district Despite of big part of Kazakh politicians supports Azerbaijan's positions, official Astana seeks for a peaceful resolution, also supports supports Lithuania's efforts as the OSCE chairman to resolve protracted conflicts, in particular those of Nagorno-Karabakh and Transnistria. Famous Kazakh poet and politician Olzhas Suleimenov have described Armenia as an "occupier" and added that Armenian forces should leave Azerbaijani territory.
Trade and economical cooperation.
According to Statistics Agency of Kazakhstan, exports to Azerbaijan in 2005 were US $ 129 million and imports from Azerbaijan totalled US $ 3 million.
Cultural relations.
Both countries are members of Turkic Council and Joint Administration of Turkic Arts and Culture. Famous Azerbaijani singer-songwriter and diplomat/politician Polad Bülbüloğlu was awarded with National Award of Peace and Progress for his special contribution to peace and friendship and resolution of cultural problems in the Turkic-speaking world. Ilham Aliyev was awarded with being Honorary Professor of L.N.Gumilev Eurasian National University while his father Heydar Aliyev was named as an honorary doctor of Kazakh National University (which was named after Al-Farabi). Nursultan Nazarbayev was presenting in the celebration of "One thousand three hundredth anniversary of the epic Azerbaijani legend Book of Dede Korkut".
On 25 September 2006 Azerbaijani Culture Center named after Imadaddin Nasimi was opened in Cambul province of Kazakhstan. Since 2007 Azerbaijani diaspora publishes a newspaper named "Vətən" in Kazakhstan. Besides that, Sumgayit and Aktau are twin towns. There's a monument in Kazakhstan dedicated to victims of Stalin's repressions in Azerbaijan. In 2011, Baku State University opened center named after Kazakh poet Abai Qunanbaiuli.

</doc>
<doc id="20583151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583151" title="Electoral district of North Launceston">
Electoral district of North Launceston

The Electoral district of North Launceston, sometimes referred to as Launceston North, was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in Tasmania's second city, Launceston, and the surrounding rural area.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the 1871 state election following the dissolution of the multi-member Launceston seat. In 1886, it became a two-member seat, and at the 1897 election, it was abolished when the Launceston seat was recreated under a trial of the Hare-Clark model.
The seat was then recreated as a single-member seat at the 1903 state election and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model for the entire state in 1909.
Members for North Launceston.
Single member: 1871–1886
Two member: 1886–1897
Second incarnation: 1903–1909

</doc>
<doc id="20583166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583166" title="How the Lack of Love Affects Two Men">
How the Lack of Love Affects Two Men

How the Lack of Love Affects Two Men () is a 2006 South Korean film.
Plot.
Dong Chol-dong is a widower who lives with his only son, Dong-hyun. Chol-dong makes his living by blackmailing companies for their immoral activities, and in his spare time devotes himself to such activities as measuring the length of toilet paper, so he can sue the paper company if it is shorter than advertised. His son, Dong-hyun, is a bully who will go to any lengths to get what he wants. The lives of these two men take a turn when a divorced woman, Oh Mi-mi, rents a room in their house. Both fall in love with her, and they turn on each other to win her heart.
Release.
"How the Lack of Love Affects Two Men" was released in South Korea on 16 November 2006, and on its opening weekend topped the box office with 179,489 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 593,277 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of 26 November 2006) of $2,470,615.

</doc>
<doc id="20583169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583169" title="Black Widow (Yelena Belova)">
Black Widow (Yelena Belova)

Black Widow (Yelena Belova) is a fictional character, a spy in the . She first appears in "Inhumans" #5 (March 1999) and was created by Paul Jenkins and Jae Lee.
Publication history.
Belova, the second modern Black Widow after Natalia Romanova, was initially a post-Soviet Russian spy of the GRU. She debuted briefly in "Inhumans" #5 (March 1999), and was fully introduced in the 1999 Marvel Knights mini-series "Black Widow". A second miniseries, also titled "Black Widow" and featuring Natasha Romanoff and Daredevil, followed in 2001. The next year, she did a solo turn in her own three-issue miniseries, also titled "Black Widow" (officially "Black Widow: Pale Little Spider" in the series' postal indicia) under the mature-audience Marvel MAX imprint. This June to August 2002 story arc, by writer Greg Rucka and artist Igor Kordey, was a flashback to the story of her becoming the second modern Black Widow, in events preceding her "Inhumans" appearance.
Fictional character biography.
Belova is an amoral spy and assassin who was trained by the same spymasters who trained Natasha Romanoff, the first Black Widow. After the death of her trainer, Pyotr Vasilievich Starkovsky, she is activated as the new Black Widow and deployed to investigate. However, she is still set to battle Romanoff for the official title. The battle is inconclusive, and later confrontations between the two lead Belova to doubt herself. Belova eventually retires to Cuba, where she becomes a successful businesswoman and model.
She is lured back, however, by the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D., and becomes involved in the agency's mining of vibranium in the Antarctic Savage Land. Shortly afterward, she barely survives an attack by Sauron, receiving severe burns and being subsequently approached with an offer for revenge against S.H.I.E.L.D. and the New Avengers.
Belova is genetically altered by the terrorist organization HYDRA, as she had suffered debilitating and disfiguring injuries after her last encounter with the New Avengers in the Savage Land. HYDRA recruited her with the prospect of revenge and after hiring the services of A.I.M. transferred her mind into a new Super-Adaptoid body. This body appeared as Belova had originally until it began to absorb powers, at which time it changed as the original did, though now yellow in color. Now equipped with the ability to copy all of the New Avengers' powers, she engages the superhero team in combat. She is eventually defeated by a combination of Tony Stark's 49 successive Iron Man armors—from the first, "Tales of Suspense" #39, to the then-current—and the Sentry's use of his Void persona, which she absorbs with the rest of the Sentry's powers and energy. When she is defeated, HYDRA disables her using a remote self-destruct mechanism they had implanted in her, rather than let her reveal intelligence to the New Avengers.
She has returned working with a vigilante group, the Vanguard.
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, Quasimodo researched Yelena Belova for Norman Osborn. Yelena Belova appeared to join Norman Osborn's Thunderbolts. However it was eventually revealed to be actually Natasha Romanova in disguise, acting as a double agent for Nick Fury. She believed she was disguised as Belova on Fury's behalf, planted for Osborn to find and invite into the Thunderbolts. However, Osborn revealed to her that he had tricked her into taking on Belova's appearance in order to get her to do his dirty work. After her escape from the Thunderbolts, Osborn then revealed an apparent Yelena Belova in stasis to Scourge and warned him that she could be his replacement on the team.
The real Yelena is later freed from stasis by members of A.I.M., who install her on the High Council of A.I.M. (alongside Andrew Forson, Graviton, Jude the Entropic Man, Mentallo, Superia, and an undercover Taskmaster) as the Minister of State in Bagalia (a country populated by supervillains).
Powers and abilities.
Yelena Belova has peak athletic condition. She also has extensive military, martial arts, and espionage training.
As a Super-Adaptoid, Yelena was mutated by material synthesized from the Super-Adaptoid where she could adapt the powers of anyone around her like Luke Cage, Iron Man, Ms. Marvel, Sentry, Spider-Man, Spider-Woman, and Wolverine in rapid succession.

</doc>
<doc id="20583197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583197" title="Hardy Eustace">
Hardy Eustace

Hardy Eustace is a retired thoroughbred racehorse, best known for winning the Champion Hurdle in 2004 and 2005. He was trained in Ireland by Dessie Hughes and owned by Laurence Byrne.
Early career.
Hardy Eustace made his debut in a National Hunt flat race at Punchestown in March 2002, where he finished an eleven-length fifth of seventeen runners. He improved for his debut run in his next start as he won the valuable Goffs Land Rover Bumper at Fairyhouse in April. He had one more run in his debut season, where he finished sixth in the Grade 1 Champion INH Flat Race at Punchestown.
Hardy Eustace began the 2002/03 season with a warm-up run in a flat race at Navan, where he finished fifth. In his next race, which was his first over hurdles, he finished first in a maiden hurdle at Punchestown but was disqualified. He was moved to Grade 1 class for his next start in the Royal Bond Novice Hurdle, which he won by one and a half lengths from Back In Front. He then won another novice hurdle before finishing second to Solerina in the Deloitte & Touche Novice Hurdle. He then went to the Cheltenham Festival in March 2003, where he won the Royal & SunAlliance Novices' Hurdle. Hardy Eustace had one more run that season, where he finished fifth behind Iris's Gift in the Sefton Novices' Hurdle.
Champion Hurdler.
Hardy Eustace began the 2003/04 season with a warm-up run on the flat at Navan again, which he won. He then finished 2nd behind Rosaker in the Lismullen Hurdle at Navan before finishing last in the December Festival Hurdle. He next finished runner up in both Cleeve Hurdle and the Red Mills Trial Hurdle. After this, Hardy Eustace came back to Cheltenham for the Champion Hurdle, for which he was sent off a 33/1 chance. However, he belied his long odds and won the race with a front-running performance, with Rooster Booster back in second. He followed that up with another victory over Rooster Booster in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle, which was his last run for the season.
The following season (2004/05), Hardy Eustace was placed in his first 3 runs of the season: the Tara Hurdle, December Festival Hurdle and the AIG Europe Champion Hurdle. He then went to Gowran Park to win the Red Mills Trial Hurdle before coming back to Cheltenham for the Champion Hurdle again, where he was sent off the 7/2 joint favourite. He led throughout the race and held off a challenge from Harchibald to win by a neck.
Later career.
The 2005/06 season began with a comfortable success for Hardy Eustace at Punchestown, where he returned at odds of 1/8. He then disappointed in the AIG Europe Champion Hurdle, where he finished last of seven runners behind the winner, Brave Inca. After that he came back to Cheltenham, where he was looking to win the Champion Hurdle for the 3rd year running, but was third behind Brave Inca. He had two more runs that season, finishing second in the Aintree Hurdle and third in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle.
He started the 2006/07 season with his usual warm-up run on the flat, where he finished sixth in a Curragh Handicap. He then won the Ascot Hurdle, before finishing second to Detroit City in the Bula Hurdle. He then went back to Leopardstown, where he won the AIG Europe Champion Hurdle. He had two more runs that season but failed to win, finishing fourth in the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham and third in the Punchestown Champion Hurdle.
The following season (2007/08), Hardy Eustace started with his customary warm-up run on the flat before he won the Ascot Hurdle again, beating Afsoun. He was then stepped up 3 miles plus for the first time in the Long Walk Hurdle and finished second to Lough Derg. He was second his next two starts: the December Festival Hurdle and the AIG Europe Champion Hurdle. Hardy Eustace returned to Cheltenham to compete in the World Hurdle, where he was twelfth behind reigning champion Inglis Drever.
In his first race in the 2008/09 season, Hardy Eustace started in the Grade 1 Maplewood Developments Hurdle, where he was sent off the 14/1 outsider of four runners but recorded a two and a half length victory over Sizing Europe. He followed that with a third behind Catch Me in the Hatton's Grace Hurdle at the end of November at Fairyhouse.
Hardy Eustace was retired at the end of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20583202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583202" title="Electoral district of South Launceston">
Electoral district of South Launceston

The Electoral district of South Launceston, sometimes referred to as Launceston South, was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in Tasmania's second city, Launceston, and the surrounding rural area.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the 1871 state election following the dissolution of the multi-member Launceston seat. In 1886, it became a two-member seat, and at the 1897 election, it was abolished when the Launceston seat was recreated under a trial of the Hare-Clark model.
Members for South Launceston.
Single member: 1871–1886
Two member: 1886–1897

</doc>
<doc id="20583206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583206" title="Transatlantic (film)">
Transatlantic (film)

Transatlantic is a 1931 American comedy film directed by William K. Howard. It won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Gordon Wiles. 

</doc>
<doc id="20583214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583214" title="Agroecology in Madagascar">
Agroecology in Madagascar

Most of the historical farming in Madagascar has been conducted by indigenous peoples. The French colonial period disturbed a very small percentage of land area, and even included some useful experiments in sustainable forestry. Slash-and-burn techniques, a component of some shifting cultivation systems have been practised by the inhabitants of Madagascar for centuries. As of 2006 some of the major agricultural products from slash-and-burn methods are wood, charcoal and grass for Zebu grazing. These practises have taken perhaps the greatest toll on land fertility since the end of French rule, mainly due to overpopulation pressures.
The Madagascar dry deciduous forests have been preserved generally better than the eastern rainforests or the high central plateau, presumably due to historically less population density and scarcity of water; moreover, the present day lack of road access further limits human access. There has been some slash-and-burn activity in the western dry forests, reducing forest cover and the soil nutrient content. Slash-and-burn is a method sometimes used by shifting cultivators to create short term yields from marginal soils. When practiced repeatedly, or without intervening fallow periods, the nutrient poor soils may be exhausted or eroded to an unproductive state. Further protection of Madagascar's forests would assist in preservation of these diverse ecosystems, which have a very high ratio of endemic organisms to total species.
A switch to slash-and-char would considerably advance preservation, while the ensuing biochar would also greatly benefit the soil if returned to it while mixed with compostable biomass such as crop residues. This would lead to the creation of terra preta, a soil among the richest on the planet and the only one known to regenerate itself (although how this happens exactly is still a mystery). The nascent carbon trading market may further bring direct economical benefits for the operators, since charcoal is a prime sequester of carbon and burying it spread in small pieces, as terra preta requires, is a most efficient guarantee that it will remain harmless for many thousands of years.

</doc>
<doc id="20583220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583220" title="Minister of Social Affairs (Iceland)">
Minister of Social Affairs (Iceland)

The Minister of Social Affairs () was a cabinet position which existed between 17 April 1939 and 1 January 2008. The Ministry of Social Affairs existed alongside the minister after 1 January 1970 when the Law on the Cabinet of Iceland took effect since ministries had not formally existed separately from the ministers. On 1 January 2008 the position became Minister of Social Affairs and Social Security () and the ministry itself was also renamed accordingly. On 31 December 2010 the Ministry of Social Affairs and Social Security was merged with the Ministry of Health and Social Security to form the Ministry of Welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="20583232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583232" title="Lou Johnson (pitcher)">
Lou Johnson (pitcher)

John Louis "Lou" Johnson ("born John Louis Mercer"; November 18, 1869 – January 28, 1941) was a left-handed pitcher who played briefly for the Philadelphia Phillies during the season. Johnson was born in Pekin, Illinois.
In his major league career, Johnson posted a 1–1 record with a 6.06 ERA in four appearances, including three starts and two complete games, giving up 22 earned runs on 44 hits and 15 walks while striking out 10 in 32 ⅔ innings of work.
Johnson died in Kansas City, Missouri at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20583263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583263" title="Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir">
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir

Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir (; born 4 October 1942) is a former Prime Minister of Iceland. An MP since 1978, she was Iceland's Minister of Social Affairs and Social Security from 1987–1994 and 2007–2009. She has been a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for Reykjavík constituencies since 1978, winning re-election on eight successive occasions. She became Iceland's first female Prime Minister and the world's first openly lesbian head of government on 1 February 2009.
Jóhanna is a social democrat and Iceland's longest-serving member of Parliament. In the 1990s, when she lost a bid to head the Social Democratic Party, she raised her fist and declared ""Minn tími mun koma!"" ("My time will come!"), a phrase that became a popular Icelandic expression. In 2009, Forbes listed her among the 100 Most Powerful Women in the world. In September 2012, Jóhanna announced she would not seek re-election and would instead retire from politics.
Education and early career.
Jóhanna was born in Reykjavík and studied at the Commercial College of Iceland, a vocational high school operated by the Chamber of Commerce. After graduating with her commercial diploma in 1960, she worked as a flight attendant with Loftleiðir (a predecessor of Icelandair) and as an office worker. She was active in the trade union movement from early in her professional life, presiding over the Board of the Icelandic Cabin Crew Association in 1966 and 1969 and over the Board of Svölurnar, Association of Former Stewardesses in 1975. She was also a member of the Board of the Commercial Workers' Union from 1976 to 1983.
Political career.
Jóhanna was elected to the Althing in 1978 on the list of the Social Democratic Party for the Reykjavík constituency. She enjoyed early success in her parliamentary career, serving as deputy speaker of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) in 1979 and in 1983–84. She was elected vice-chairman of the Social Democratic Party in 1984, a post she held until 1993. She was also Minister of Social Affairs in four separate Cabinets from 1987 to 1994, when she left the Social Democratic Party after losing the leadership contest to form a new party, National Awakening; the two parties remerged in 2000 to form the present Social Democratic Alliance. Her 1994 declaration "Minn tími mun koma!" ("My time will come!"), after she lost the contest for the leadership of the Social Democratic party, has become an iconic phrase in the Icelandic language.
From 1994 to 2003, she was an active member of the opposition in the Althing, serving on numerous parliamentary committees. After the 2003 elections, in which she stood in the Reykjavík South constituency (after the split of the old Reykjavík constituency), she was re-elected deputy speaker of the Althing. The 2007 elections, in which she stood in the Reykjavík North constituency, saw the return of the Social Democratic Alliance to government in coalition with the Independence Party, and Jóhanna was named Minister of Social Affairs and Social Security.
Prime Minister.
Icelandic financial crisis, protests and elections.
On 26 January 2009, Prime Minister Geir Haarde tendered the coalition government's resignation to the President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson. The move followed fourteen weeks of protests over the government's handling of the financial crisis, protests which had intensified from 20 January.
After talks with the leaders of the five parties represented in the Althing, the President asked the Social Democratic Alliance and the Left-Green Movement to form a new government and to prepare for elections in the spring.
Jóhanna was proposed as Prime Minister for the new government, among other things because of her popularity among the general public and her good relations with the Left-Green Movement. An opinion poll by Capacent Gallup in December 2008 found 73% approval of her actions as a minister, more than any other member of the Cabinet: she was also the only minister to have improved her approval ratings over 2008.
The new government needed the support of the Progressive Party in the Althing. Negotiations continued up to the evening of 31 January, and the new Cabinet was appointed on 1 February. Independent polling showed that Jóhanna and Steingrímur J. Sigfússon, leader of the Left-Green Movement, the other party in the coalition government, enjoyed considerable support outside their own parties.
On 25 April 2009, a parliamentary election was held in Iceland, following the protests now known as the Kitchenware Revolution that resulted from the Icelandic financial crisis. The Social Democratic Alliance and the Left-Green Movement, which formed the outgoing coalition government under Jóhanna, both made gains and now together have an overall majority of seats in the Althing. The Progressive Party also made gains, and the new Citizens' Movement, formed after the January 2009 protests, gained four seats. The Independence Party, which had been in power for eighteen years until January 2009, lost a third of its support and nine seats in the Althing. On 10 May 2009, the new government was announced, with Jóhanna staying on as Prime Minister.
Overcoming the financial crisis.
There were several referenda to decide about the Icesave Icelandic bank debts, center of the country's financial crisis. The first Icesave referendum (), was held on 6 March 2010. The proposal was resoundingly defeated, with 93% voting against and less than 2% in favor.
After the referendum, new negotiations commenced. On 16 February 2011 the Icelandic parliament agreed to a repayment deal to pay back the full amount starting in 2016, finalising before 2046, with a fixed interest rate of 3%. The Icelandic president once again refused to sign the new deal on 20 February, calling for a new referendum. Thus, a second referendum would be held on 9 April 2011 also resulting in "no" victory with a lesser percentage. After the referendum failed to pass, the British and Dutch governments said that they would take the case to the European courts.
Also, the Althing voted 33–30 to indict the former Prime Minister Geir Haarde, but not the other ministers, on charges of negligence in office at a session on 28 September 2010. He stood trial before the "Landsdómur", a special court to hear cases alleging misconduct in government office, used for the first time since it was established in the 1905 Constitution. He was convicted of one charge.
Iceland new constitution process.
Once in power, the left coalition led by Jóhanna, comprising The Social Democratic Alliance, the Left-Green Movement, the Progressive Party and the Liberal Party, inspired largely by the citizen protests, agreed to convene a constitutional assembly to discuss changes to the Constitution, in use since 1905.
Taking its cue from nation-wide protests and lobbying efforts by civil organisations, the new governing parties decided that Iceland's citizens should be involved in creating a new constitution and started to debate a bill on 4 November 2009 about that purpose. Parallel to the protests and parliament deliverance, citizens started to unite in grassroots-based think-tanks. A National Forum was organised on 14 November 2009, Þjóðfundur 2009, in the form of an assembly of Icelandic citizens at the Laugardalshöll in Reykjavík, by a group of grassroots citizen movements collectively called "the Anthill". 1,500 people were invited to participate in the assembly; of these, 1,200 were chosen at random from the national registry. On 16 June 2010 the Constitutional Act was finally accepted by parliament and a new Forum was summoned. The Constitutional Act prescribed that the participants of the Forum had to be randomly sampled from the National Population Register. The Forum 2010 came into being due to the efforts of both governing parties and the Anthill group. A seven-headed Constitutional Committee, appointed by the parliament, was charged with the supervision of the forum and the presentation of its results, while the organization and facilitation of the National Forum 2010 was done by the Anthill group that had organized the first Forum 2009.
The process continued in the election of 25 people of no political affiliation on 26 October 2010. The Supreme Court of Iceland later invalidated the results of the election on 25 January 2011 following complaints about several faults in how the election was conducted, but the Parliament decided that it was the manner of the election, and not the results, that had been questioned, and also that those 25 elected candidates would be a part of a Constitutional Council and thus the Constitutional change went on.
In 29 July 2011 the draft was presented to the Parliament, which finally agreed in a vote in 24 May 2012, with 35 in favor and 15 against, to organize an advisory referendum on the Constitutional Council’s proposal for a new constitution no later than 20 October 2012. The only opposing parliament members were the former governing right party, the Independence Party. Also a proposed referendum on the discontinuing of accession talks with the European Union by some parliamentarians of the governing left coalition was rejected, with 34 votes against and 25 in favor.
Ban on striptease and women's rights.
In 2010, her government banned strip clubs, paying for nudity in restaurants, and other means of employers profiting from employees' nudity - the first such ban in a Western democratic country. Jóhanna commented; "The Nordic countries are leading the way on women's equality, recognizing women as equal citizens rather than commodities for sale." After the decision was made she was hailed by her fellow feminists with Julie Bindel claiming Iceland has become the most feminist country in the world. Asked what the most important gender issue today is, she answered "To fight the pay gap between men and women".
Personal life.
Jóhanna married Þorvaldur Steinar Jóhannesson in 1970 and the couple had two sons named Sigurður Egill and Davíð Steinar (born 1972 and 1977).
After their divorce in 1987, she joined in a civil union with Jónína Leósdóttir (born 1954), an author and playwright, in 2002.
In 2010, when same-sex marriage was legalised in Iceland, Jóhanna and Jónína changed their civil union into a marriage, thus becoming one of the first same-sex married couples in Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="20583270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583270" title="Palomar (alternative rock band)">
Palomar (alternative rock band)

Palomar is an alternative rock band formed by three members of the band Paw. "The band sports a gentler and more melodic sound than Paw." They released one album, "World Without Horses", in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20583275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583275" title="All Saints Church, Rotherham">
All Saints Church, Rotherham

All Saints Church, Rotherham, also known as Rotherham Minster, stands in Church Street, Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. Pevsner describes it as "one of the largest and stateliest churches in Yorkshire". On 19 October 1951 it was designated as a Grade I listed building.
History, Architecture and Furnishings.
The origins of the church are fourteenth century and the chancel is of that date. The tower is early fifteenth century. The remainder of the sixteenth to eighteenth centuries, or of the substantial restoration by George Gilbert Scott in 1873-5. The style is Perpendicular.
The chancel chapel was built in 1480 by Thomas Rotherham, the locally born Archbishop of Lincoln, who subsequently endowed the College of Jesus, attached to the church, on his elevation to the Archbishopric of York.
Alec Clifton-Taylor includes it in his list of "best" English parish churches and describes it as "the glory of Rotherham".
A specification of the 1777 John Snetzler organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20583280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583280" title="Electoral district of West Devon">
Electoral district of West Devon

The Electoral district of West Devon was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the region surrounding the northern coastal town of Devonport.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1871 state election from part of the Devon electorate, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20583308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583308" title="North 30th Street">
North 30th Street

North 30th Street is a two-way street that runs south-north in the North Omaha area of Omaha, Nebraska. With the street beginning at Dodge Street, historically significant sections include those from Dodge to Lake Street, from Fort Street to Laurel Avenue, and from Weber to Bondesson Streets.
History.
Twelve years before the city of Omaha was founded, Mormon pioneers built the Weber Mill at the long-time northern end of North 30th Street. The Florence Park, on North 30th Street, was the town square of Winter Quarters of the Mormon pioneers. The settlement eventually morphed into the town of Florence, and its main street was located along present-day North 30th. In 1856 town settlers built the Bank of Florence at present-day 8502 North 30th Street. In 1868 the Department of the Platte built Fort Omaha in the then-void between the town of Saratoga and Florence. Today the Fort is a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places, with the Gen. George Crook House built in 1879 and the Omaha Landmark Guardhouse as contributing properties. The Fort's boundaries include North 30th Street. Originally built in 1887 at a different location in Florence, the Florence Depot was moved to North 30th Street in 1971 to serve as a museum. Miller Park was built in 1891 according to renowned landscape architect Horace Cleveland's plans for the city. The current Howard Kennedy School building, serving as a public school along North 30th, was opened in 1916. The Harry Buford House was built by a leader in the city's African American community in 1929.
Under the pretense of national security, in the 1940s the United States War Department approved the City of Omaha's application to widen North 30th Street to serve as the main arterial through the city's north side. The removal of the Omaha and Council Bluffs Railway and Bridge Company's streetcar line along the street was required for the project to be completed. In 1953 Sabastiono Caniglia bought a restaurant at the intersection of Fort and North 30th Streets which eventually became his notable Mister C's. It closed in 2007.
Neighborhoods.
Along with Florence, there are several notable historic neighborhoods that border North 30th Street. Beginning at Dodge Street in Downtown Omaha, the neighborhoods include Near North Omaha, Gifford Park, Miller Park and Minne Lusa.
Connections.
In addition to serving as the city's thoroughfare for U.S. Route 75, there are several important traffic connections along North 30th. They include Dodge Street, which is the major east-west low-density arterial from the Missouri River to 90th Street, where it becomes West Dodge Road. The Sorensen Parkway begins at North 30th Street and runs west to North 90th Street as well. The street intersects I-680, as well as serving as the terminus of the North Freeway. 

</doc>
<doc id="20583321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583321" title="St. Alphege's Church, Solihull">
St. Alphege's Church, Solihull

St. Alphege Church, Solihull is a parish church in the Church of England in Solihull, West Midlands.
History.
The church is medieval. The previous spire was 59m and collapsed in 1757: the current spire is 57.34m
"The Church, dedicated to St. Alphege, is a large cruciform structure. The tracery mouldings and corbels in the interior are extremely elegant; there are also some fine specimens of screen work: it consists of nave, chancel, side aisles, and an embattled tower, surmounted by an octagonal spire, and contains a peal of thirteen good bells." 
The bells were all recast and re-hung in 1932 by Taylor's of Loughborough, and the church registers date from 1538.
The church is part of a team which includes 
In 2012, St Alphege Church celebrated the millennium of the martyrdom of St Alphege, who was martyred in 1012.
Description.
The church is of cross-shaped plan with a chancel having a two-storied chapel north of it, a central tower, north and south transepts, a nave with north and south aisles, and a north porch. There was originally a late 12th-century church on the site, of which the only evidence of this is the east end of the south wall of the nave with a blocked window, and the marks of its steeply pitched roof on the west face of the tower. It would have been shorter and slightly narrower than the present nave. The church was enlarged by Sir William de Odingsells with the chancel, and a vaulted chamber and chapel dedicated to St. Alphege to the north of it. A north aisle with a chapel of St. Thomas Becket was added to the nave and some remains of an arch between the two still exist. This was followed in the 14th century by the addition of the transepts, with the insertion of side-arches in the tower and the enlargement of those in the east and west walls. The rebuilding and widening of the north aisle followed, along with the north porch. A little later in the 14th century the aisle was continued westwards, beyond the original west end. The present aisle was added in 1535, when both arcades were rebuilt and the nave lengthened.
The top section of the tower was constructed in 1470 much later on than the lower part, probably near the date of other 16th century work, likely undertaken before the nave and aisles were completed. The original stone spire collapsed in 1757 and was rebuilt soon afterwards to a lesser height. The south aisle, owing to a structural weekness in the arcade and the pressure of the nave roof, collapsed in 1751 and was again rebuilt almost immediately afterwards, but the arcade and aisle again failed to resist the thrust of the roof in 1939 were heavily shored with timber until the work of restoration was undertaken.
There have been several restorations. In 1879 the west window was renewed and other repairs executed, including work to the roofs of the nave and aisles, which were stripped and rebolted. The chancel roof, which had suffered severely from the ravages of the death watch beetle, was reconstructed in 1933. At the apex of the spire is a weather-vane.
In the church, itself, there are five chapels currently in use. At the far east end of the church, there is a crypt chapel, which was rededicated to the honour of St Francis in 2004, above which is the Upper Chapel dedicated to St Alphege, and it is here that the Blessed Sacrament is reserved. At the Tower crossing, there is a chapel dedicated to St Katherine of Alexandria. on the north side of the nave is the chapel of St Thomas Becket, a successor to St Alphege and on the south side is the Chapel of St Antony of Egypt.
Organ.
The church has a historic pipe organ dating from the seventeenth century. It has had substantial restoration work by Broxell Elliot, Bossward, Hill and Nicholson. The organ case by Thomas Swarbrick came from St Martin in the Bull Ring Birmingham around 1820. 
A specification and pictures of the pipe organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register

</doc>
<doc id="20583334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583334" title="Mahonia haematocarpa">
Mahonia haematocarpa

Mahonia haematocarpa (syn. "Berberis haematocarpa") is a species of barberry known by the common name red barberry. It is also sometimes called algerita, but that name is more often applied to its relative, "Mahonia trifoliolata". It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows in desert chaparral and woodlands, such as in the Mojave Desert of California. 
This is an erect evergreen shrub growing up to 4 meters (~12 ft.) tall. The leaves are several centimeters long and are each made up of a few thick, waxy, lance-shaped leaflets with spiny toothed edges. 
The inflorescences bear 3 to 5 bright yellow flowers, each with nine sepals and six petals all arranged in whorls of three. The fruit is a juicy, edible yellow-orange or pink berry just under a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20583342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583342" title="Gordon Wiles">
Gordon Wiles

Gordon Wiles (1902 – October 17, 1950) was an American art director and film director. He won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the film "Transatlantic".
He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20583363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583363" title="Royal Blind School">
Royal Blind School

The Royal Blind School (founded in 1793) is a specialist day and boarding school located in Edinburgh, Scotland run by the charity Royal Blind. The school caters for pupils aged 3 to 19 who are blind or partially sighted, and has facilities for children of nursery, primary and secondary age. Students attending the school come primarily from Scotland, but also from other parts of the United Kingdom.
The school is divided into two campuses, both situated in Edinburgh. These are located in Canaan Lane and Craigmillar Park. The Craigmillar Park campus is for pupils who are blind and partially sighted, while the Canaan Lane campus caters for students with multiple disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20583383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583383" title="Censorius Datianus">
Censorius Datianus

Censorius Datianus (fl. 337-365) was a politician of the Roman Empire, very influential under the rule of Emperor Constantius II (337-361).
Biography.
Datianus was the son of a servant in the public baths, and he climbed the social ladder up to becoming a senator in Constantinople and a "patricius" of the Empire.
He had some properties in Antioch, where he built public baths, some gardens and some villas. He also exchanged letters with Libanius, from whom he received, between 355 and 365, 20 letters still conserved.
After serving under Emperor Constantine I, he became one of the main counsellors of his son Constantius II. As "comes", in 345 he wrote a letter to bishop Athanasius inviting him to return to his see in Alexandria, after being deposed by the Arians. In 351 was a member of the tribunal that put under trial bishop Photinus at the synod of Sirmium. In 354 he managed to allow Libanius to return to Antioch. In 358 he held the consulate, and he was yet "patricius" as of 18 September of that same year. After the death of Constantius and the raise to the power of Julian (361-363), he lost influence.
In 363 he was old; he was in Antioch when Julian died. Datianus followed the new Emperor Jovian to Ancyra, where he passed the winter. When Jovian died, in February 364, Datianus wrote from Galatia to Nicaea, where the imperial court was gathered, to support the election of Valentinian I. That same month (February 364), the population of Antioch burned his house, and the city council was accused of doing nothing to avoid the fire. The people of Antioch sent Datianus a letter asking for his pardon, through the intercession of Libanius; when Datianus gave his pardon, the people was so happy that Libanius, who brought the news, increased his prestige. The following year he was still alive.

</doc>
<doc id="20583404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583404" title="World Without Horses">
World Without Horses

World Without Horses is the only album by the band Palomar.

</doc>
<doc id="20583452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583452" title="Novosti a.d.">
Novosti a.d.

Novosti a.d (full legal name: "Novinsko-izdavačko društvo Kompanija Novosti a.d. Beograd") is a Serbian media company founded in 1953.
Among its assets, the company holds high-circulation daily newspapers "Večernje novosti" and "DSL Sport" as well as various periodicals. The company also has Radio Novosti, an FM station heard throughout greater Belgrade.
After decades of state ownership, the company was partly privatised in mid-2000s though the Government of Serbia still has substantial stake. Manojlo "Manjo" Vukotić, who led the company since the overthrow of Slobodan Milošević's regime in Serbia on October 5, 2000 has continued as the company's CEO even after the privatization.

</doc>
<doc id="20583458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583458" title="Jason Cook (boxer)">
Jason Cook (boxer)

Jason Cook (born 27 February 1975 in Maesteg, Wales) is a professional boxer, who fights under the nickname "The Power". As an amateur, he won a silver medal for Wales at the 1994 Commonwealth Games. As a professional, he has fought as a lightweight, and has won both the European and IBO championships at the weight. He currently campaigns at Light-Welterweight, and fights out of Fight Academy Wales gym in Llanharan, South Wales under the guidance of professional coach Darren Wilson.
Amateur career.
Cook had a total of 86 amateur contests, winning 66. He won a silver medal in the featherweight (57 kg) class at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, Canada. Cook's results were:
Professional career.
Cook's professional boxing career began in October 1996, with a second-round stoppage of Brian Robb. After winning he next four bouts, Cook suffered a setback with a first-round knockout defeat at the hands of Trevor Smith. After the bout, Cook said "He clipped me with an overhand left and though I got up at six or seven, I was in no state to continue; the referee did the right thing."
After a nine-month lay-off, Cook returned to the ring to defeat Darren Woodley via a fourth-round knockout. Victories over journeymen David Hinds and Peter Buckley led to Cook receiving a shot at the vacant Welsh Area light welterweight title. On 11 December 1999, Cook won the vacant title with a first-round knockout of Woody Greenaway. Victories over Harry Butler, Andrei Sinepupov, Keith Jones, Assen Vassilev, and Dariusz Snarski followed, before a prison sentence momentarily ended Cook's boxing career.
Prison sentence.
In 2001, Cook was found guilty of credit card fraud whilst working as a postman and was jailed for 15 months. Throughout his sentence, Cook kept himself in good shape and continued training on a punching bag that was supplied for him. Cook served a total of six months in prison with a further two months wearing an electronic tag.
Comeback and European title.
Cook returned to the ring on 18 March 2002, with a knockout victory over Albanian boxer Fation Kacanolli. He followed this with point's victories over Russians Andrey Devyataykin and Viktor Baranov. On 23 July 2002, following the withdrawal of Bobby Vanzie, Cook was offered the chance to fight Sandro Casamonica in Italy for the vacant European lightweight title. 
Ten days later, on 2 August 2002, Cook produced an upset by defeating Casamonica via a third-round knockout. Cook had started well winning the opening two rounds but was floored in the 3rd. As Casamonica moved in to finish the fight, he was hit with a left hook that brought an end the fight. After the bout a jubilant Cook said "It’s like a dream; my life has changed, it still hasn’t sunk in. That was the best punch I’ve thrown in my life, and it came when I most needed it. I’m ecstatic; I’m walking around on a cloud."
Cook's first defence of the title was against Frenchman Nasser Lakrib on 26 October 2002. Lakrib was stopped in the 5th round, in a fight which was held in Cook's hometown of Maesteg. Cook's next defence of the title was against Stefano Zoff, who he went on to defeat via a split point's decision. Despite the victory, Cook lost his European title before the bout when he failed to make the 135 lb lightweight limit.
IBO title.
On 8 November 2003, Cook fought Argentinian Ariel Olveira for the vacant IBO lightweight title. Cook defeated Olveira by a 7th-round stoppage, after the Argentine's cornerman threw in the towel. Cook's first defence of the title was against reigning commonwealth champion Kevin Bennett on 1 May 2004. Cook outboxed Bennett to claim a close but unanimous points decision.
On 5 November 2004, Cook was scheduled to face South African Phillip Ndou in defence of his IBO title. However, on 21 October 2004, Ndou retired suddenly after a brain scan revealed a slight abnormality. Ndou had previously challenged Floyd Mayweather Jr. for the WBC lightweight title. A disappointed Cook said of the proposed bout "It would have been a great fight, I was thinking it could have been the British version of Hagler-Hearns. I might have had to pick myself off the canvas in that one but I'd have definitely come back and eventually prevailed."
The late replacement for Ndou was Argentinian Aldo Rios, who went on to stop Cook in the 3rd round. Cook had started the fight well but was floored in the 3rd by a straight right hand, and a follow up attack from Rios forced referee Richard Davies to stop the contest. Following the bout Cook said "I took things a bit easy and got caught cold more than anything...This may have been a step too far, but I'll be back." Rios had previously lost to Ricky Hatton by knockout in a challenge for the WBU light welterweight title.
Retirement.
On 25 November 2005, over a year after his last fight, Cook returned to the ring to face Gary Reid. Cook won the bout via disqualification after he was hit with a low blow and could not continue. In September, 2006, after pulling out of a fight with Giuseppe Lauri for the vacant European light welterweight title, Cook announced his retirement from boxing. 
On his decision Cook said "It's time for me to go now. I've had so much trouble with the shoulder over the years and tendonitis in an ankle which flares up when I do roadwork that I can't carry on at the top level. If I was going to fight four, or six-rounders, it might be OK, but life as a journeyman is not for me."
Return with Prizefighter.
On 20 October it was announced that Cook would be returning to the ring as part of Sky Sports Prizefighter series. The Competition will be held at light-welterweight. Also involved in the competition is fellow Welshman and former world champion Gavin Rees, a fighter from Enzo Calzaghe's boxing stable. Cook won his first round fight against Michael Grant, as the referee decided to stop the contest on the Doctors orders after Grant suffered a nasty cut. In the Semi-Final stage, Cook lost to Gavin Rees by a unanimoius points decision, with Rees declaring that he was expecting the Final fight against Colin Lynes to be an easyer fight than his Semi-Final against Cook. The brave comeback performance by Cook earned him a shot at the British Light-Welterweight Title against Lenny Dawes
British Title Shot.
Jason Cook challenged Lenny Dawes for the British Light-Welterweight Title on 12 February 2010 at York Hall, Bethnal Green in London. 
From the opening bell, Cook looked comfortable and slick and dominated the early rounds. Cook had Dawes visibly hurt in the 1st round, forcing Dawes to hold on to the Maesteg boxer to spare further punishment. After building up an early lead on the judges’ scorecards and cutting Dawes, Cook began to tire and Dawes came back into the fight, having Cook in trouble in the 11th and 12th rounds. One judge awarded it 115-114 to Cook; one awarded it 115-114 to Dawes, with the other scoring it 114-114. The bout was declared a draw and Dawes regained his title. The gutsy performance by Cook moved him up the European and Commonwealth Light-Welterweight rankings 

</doc>
<doc id="20583506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583506" title="The Seer (EP)">
The Seer (EP)

The Seer is an EP by Finnish rock/classical soprano Tarja. It was limited to 1000 copies and is available only in the UK. It contains a brand new duet with Doro Pesch, remixes of tracks from My Winter Storm and live recordings. The EP was released by Spinefarm on December 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20583530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583530" title="2009 Malaysia FA Cup">
2009 Malaysia FA Cup

The Malaysia FA Cup 2009, known as the "TM FA Cup" due to the competition's sponsorship by Telekom Malaysia, is the 20th season of the Malaysia FA Cup, a knockout competition for Malaysia's state football association and clubs.
Kedah are the holders, having beaten Selangor in the previous season's final.
Format.
The FA Cup competition has reverted to the old format of play with no more open draws. It will comprise 29 teams — 15 Super League and 14 Premier League sides — with defending champions Kedah FA, Selangor FA and Terengganu FA receiving byes in the first round.
Kedah FA, who won back-to-back trebles, will play the winner of the match between Proton FC and UPB-MyTeam FC in the second round.
First round.
The match first leg match for Harimau Muda and KL PLUS FC played on 24 January 2009. The second leg played on 4 February 2009. The first legs of other match played on 31 January 2009. The second legs played on 3 February 2009.
Second round.
The first leg match played on 21 February 2009. The second leg will be play on 24 February 2009.
Quarter Final.
The quarter final matches are scheduled to be played on 3 March and the weekend of 7 March 2009.
Semi Final.
The first leg matches were played on Tuesday, 7 April 2009, while the second legs were played on Tuesday, 18 April 2009.
Final.
The final was played at National Stadium, Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur, on Saturday, 25 April 2009.
Top scorers.
" Bold indicates players whose clubs are still active in the competition. "

</doc>
<doc id="20583549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583549" title="Anywhere Road">
Anywhere Road

Anywhere Road is an American independent film distributor based in San Francisco. Founded in 2007, Anywhere Road specializes in the distribution, production and sales of independent feature films.

</doc>
<doc id="20583577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583577" title="The Storming of the Winter Palace">
The Storming of the Winter Palace

The Storming of the Winter Palace was a 1920 mass spectacle, based on historical events that took place in Petrograd during the 1917 October Revolution.
Taking place on the third anniversary of the revolution, it was directed by Nikolai Evreinov and was subtitled a "mass action." The sets were designed by Yuri Annenkov. The spectacle was staged outside the former Tsarist Winter Palace where the Provisional Government was meeting at the time of the Bolshevik coup. Its performers included 125 ballet dancers, 100 circus people, 1,750 supernumeraries and students, 200 women, 260 secondary actors, and 150 assistants. There were also tanks and armoured cars involved.
The mass spectacle form took the pre-revolutionary Symbolist utopias of "ritual theatre" (whose formulation was largely a response to the abortive 1905 revolution), and recast their "people" as the proletariat. Performed on 7 November before 100,000 spectators, the action begins with the February Revolution, follows the gradual organization of the workers (on a red stage to the left, with Kerensky and the Provisional Government on a white stage to the right), until they are illuminated fully by searchlights, and crying "Lenin, Lenin" charge over the arch which joins the two stages to do battle with the "Whites." Kerensky leaps to a car for an escape, and is pursued along a path between the two large groups of spectators by trucks full of the Red Guard waving bayonets, to the Palace. Silhouettes struggle in the windows of the Palace, until the Red Army is finally successful, and red lights flash out. A cannon fired from the battleship "Aurora" and fireworks herald the victory of the October Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20583585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583585" title="Front by Front">
Front by Front

Front by Front is an album by Front 242, released in 1988, and has been labelled as "easily one of the greatest industrial albums ever made". The album was reissued in 1992 by Sony Music Entertainment. The song "Headhunter" became an industrial dancefloor hit, accompanied by a music video directed by Anton Corbijn, and has since been subject to over 20 remixes.
Miss Kittin used "First In / First Out" on her mix album "A Bugged Out Mix".
Track listing.
Notes.
The 1992 bonus tracks tracks were originally released on the "Never Stop!" EP, except for "Headhunter v1.0" which was originally released on the Headhunter EP.

</doc>
<doc id="20583595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583595" title="Bergia">
Bergia

Bergia is one of the two genera of plants composing the waterwort family, Elatinaceae. These are tropical to subtropical plants and sometimes aquatic in nature.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20583600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583600" title="Admir Hasančić">
Admir Hasančić

Admir Hasančić (born 29 November 1970) is a retired Bosnian football striker who spent his career playing for Čelik Zenica and FK Sarajevo in Bosnia, NK Rijeka and NK Zagreb in Croatian First League and Hapoel Petah Tikva in Israel.
International career.
Hasančić earned two caps for Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1998 and 1999 in two friendlies, without scoring any goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20583614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583614" title="Cornelis van der Lijn">
Cornelis van der Lijn

Cornelis van der Lijn (1608 – 27 July 1679) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1646 until 1650.
Early career.
Van der Lijn was born in Alkmaar, possibly in 1608. He went, in 1627, as Assistant () to Batavia, Dutch East Indies aboard the "Wapen van Hoorn". From 1632 to 18 January 1636 he was Accountant-General (). In 1639 he became Counsellor-Extraordinary () to the Council of the Indies. A year later he was appointed President of the "Schepenrechtbank" (a maritime court, but with various other functions). One further year later he was made a full Counsellor () he followed Philips Lucasz (whose portrait was painted by Rembrandt ) as Director-General of the Indies.
Council of the Indies.
Shortly before his death on 19 April 1645, Governor-General Antonio van Diemen called upon the Council of the Indies (12 April 1645) to establish Cornelis van der Lijn as his successor. This was not in line with the instructions of the Seventeen Lords (Heren XVII), who has laid down in 1617 that immediately after the death of a Governor-General, the Council should choose a provisional Governor-General. Only once the Seventeen Lords had agreed to the choice would the appointment come into actual force. The Heren XVII at first cancelled Van Diemen's decision, but then afterwards named the very same Cornelis van der Lijn as his successor. On 10 October 1646 he was named by them as Governor-General.
Cornelis van der Lijn was not a strong ruler. He built a little on what his predecessor Van Diemen had established, but did not go much further. He signed peace treaties with Solor, Bantam and Mataram. Moreover, on 24 September 1646 he signed a (largely trade) agreement with the Prince of Mataram, the first of such contracts signed by the Dutch with Javanese rulers. Strenuous measures were taken to maintain the monopoly of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) in the Moluccas. After a fierce struggle, the fortress at Kapaha on Thitu Island ("Hitu") was taken. The severe regulations would soon lead to riots.
The rulers in the Netherlands allowed Van der Lijn, "at his own request", to retire with honour on 7 October 1650. Carel Reyniersz was then named as Governor-General. In 1651, Cornelis van der Lijn left aboard the "Prinses Royaal" for the Netherlands. His reception in the homeland was as cool as his departure from the Indies. The customary reception and congratulations given to a returning fleet and its commander were denied to him.
Mayor of Alkmaar.
He established himself in Alkmaar where he was elected Mayor () on 24 December 1668. He died there on 27 July 1679.

</doc>
<doc id="20583619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583619" title="William S. Darling">
William S. Darling

William S. Darling (14 September 1882–15 December 1963) was a Hungarian-born art director who is an inductee of the American Art Directors Guild Hall of Fame.
Early life.
Darling was born Wilmos Bela Sándorházi (also Adalbert Sandorhazi) in Sandorhaza, Austria-Hungary. He initially studied architecture because of his father's wishes, but later switched to the Budapest Academy of Fine Arts where he studied painting. He continued his studies on scholarship at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris, France.
Career.
In 1910, Darling immigrated to New York City using the name Adalbert Sandorhazi. He successfully pursued a career as a portrait artist. He changed his name from Sándorházi to Darling during World War I when his wife suggested he adopt her maiden name to avoid the foreign sound. Around 1920 he moved to Southern California where he began work as an art designer on films and soon became the head of the art department at 20th Century Fox. Darling worked on 61 films between 1921 and 1954. His notable work includes the John Ford-directed films "The Iron Horse" (1924), "Judge Priest" (1934) and "The Prisoner of Shark Island" (1936); the Academy Award-winning film adaptation of the Noël Coward's play "Cavalcade" (1933); and the "The Rains Came" (1939) with Tyrone Power and Myrna Loy.
Darling was nominated six times in the category Best Art Direction. He won the Oscar for "Cavalcade", "The Song of Bernadette" (1943) and "Anna and the King of Siam" (1946).
Darling was a fellow of the American Academy of the Fine Arts. In 2012, the American Art Director's Guild inducted Darling into its Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
Darling was first married in Hungary and had two children, William and Imre. On February 2, 1915, he married Gwendolin Darling in New York City. They remarried on November 19, 1937 in Phoenix, Arizona. Gwendolin died in April 1955 in Palm Springs, California. In 1957, Darling married the portrait artist Marjory Adams. They lived in Laguna Beach, California where he was a noted member of the art community and a life member of the Laguna Beach Art Association. He died on December 15, 1963 at his home in Laguna Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20583628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583628" title="Residential community of Heritage">
Residential community of Heritage

Heritage is a master-planned community in Fort Worth, Texas (USA), located on the far north part of the city, close to the employment centers of AllianceTexas. Heritage is located between I35W (exit 63, "Heritage Trace Parkway") and the US 377.
A aquatic park and sports complex are two of the amenities offered by this family-oriented community. The waterpark includes waterslides, kiddie pools, cabanas, lap pool, splash bucket pool, and lagoon pool with waterfall.
The post office that serves the community is located in Keller.
Education.
The neighborhood is zoned to schools in the Keller ISD and has three elementary schools within its boundaries:

</doc>
<doc id="20583629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583629" title="ANAPROF 2002">
ANAPROF 2002

ANAPROF 2002 is the 2002 season of the Panamanian football league, ANAPROF. The season started on March 17, 2002 with the "Torneo Apertura 2002" and finalized on November 24, 2002 with the "Torneo Clausura 2002". The Apertura champion was Árabe Unido and the Clausura champion was Plaza Amador, on November 30, 2002 the ANAPROF 2002 final was played and Plaza Amador was crowned champion over Deportivo Árabe Unido.
Apertura 2002.
Final Round.
Semifinals 2nd Leg.
Árabe Unido advances to final 4-2 on penalties
San Francisco advances to final 4-2 on penalties
Clausura 2002.
Final round.
Final 2nd Leg.
Plaza Amador won 1-4 on penalties
Local derby statistics.
El Super Clasico Nacional - Tauro v Plaza Amador
Clasico del Pueblo - Plaza Amador v El Chorillo

</doc>
<doc id="20583651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583651" title="Darren Law">
Darren Law

Darren Law (born April 4, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian-born American racing driver.
At age 14 Law was the International Kart Federation national champion, and shortly thereafter began racing cars in various amateur classes on the west coast of the United States. In 1991 he was a factory driver for Elden Racing Cars' factory team in Formula Renault competition. In 1996 and 1997 he competed in the North American Touring Car Championship for the privateer Hartong Motorsports BMW outfit and finished 8th in points in the series' two years of operation. In 1999 he made a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series start at Heartland Park Topeka, but crashed 34 laps in.
He joined the Grand American Road Racing Association's Rolex Sports Car Series in 2000 and finished 2nd in GTU class points. The following year he was the GT class champion. In 2002 he moved from production cars to prototypes and raced in the Rolex Series' SRPII class and was second in points. In 2003 he finished 4th in the new Daytona Prototype class, the series top category.
In 2004 he competed in both the Daytona Prototypes where he finished 14th and the American Le Mans Series GT2 class where he finished runner up in the GT2 class driver's championship. 2005 saw Law continue to split his time between DP, where he finished 12th for the Brumos Porsche team, and ALMS GT2 where he finished 13th in points for Flying Lizard Motorsports and Alex Job Racing. He continued with the same teams and series in 2006 and finished 14th in Grand Am DP and 10th in ALMS GT2. Driving for the same teams again in 2007, he improved to 6th in points in both series. In 2008, still with the same teams, he improved to 4th in the Daytona Prototype championship but dropped back to 7th in ALMS GT2.
Law was a part of the 2009 24 Hours of Daytona-winning crew driving a Brumos Racing-run Riley-Porsche, along with David Donohue, Antonio García and Buddy Rice.
He currently resides in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20583656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583656" title="Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir">
Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir

Þórunn Sveinbjarnardóttir (born 22 November 1965) is an Icelandic politician. A graduate of the University of Iceland and the Bologna Center of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, she was Iceland's Minister for the Environment from 24 May 2007 to 2009. She was a been a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) from 1999 to 2011, first elected as a member of Women's List, then the Social Democratic Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20583658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583658" title="M. Keaton">
M. Keaton

M. Keaton is an American fiction author who writes for a variety of genres, ranging from science fiction to historical fantasy. He is also the Bard in Residence for the NWA Renaissance Faire. He currently lives in Arkansas.
Keaton is a key figure in the Sanctuary Press Writing Workshops, which are held in Michigan at science fiction conventions, most notably Penguicon and ConClave. He is a popular panelist at both of these gatherings, as well as at other conventions, such as Omegacon.
"Calamity's Child", his second novel, was released in October 2008 and premiered at ConClave 33.

</doc>
<doc id="20583669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583669" title="Jack King (NASA)">
Jack King (NASA)

John W. "Jack" King is a former Chief of Public Information and Public Affairs Officer for NASA. He is best known for his work as Kennedy Space Center Chief of Public Information during projects Mercury, Gemini and Apollo. As part of this role, he provided public announcements and commentary for several of the mission launches. He is best known for his announcement of the Apollo 11 launch, which earned him the nickname "Voice of Apollo". The iconic commentary from that launch has been reused in songs and advertisements, including the song "Tout Va Bien" by the Japanese group Pizzicato Five and was included in a 2011 collection of NASA sounds from historic spaceflights that can be used as ringtones.
Career.
King grew up in Boston, the son of a local sportswriter, and attended Boston College. Prior to joining NASA, King worked for The Associated Press. He opened the AP's Cape Canaveral bureau in 1958, when he was 27 years old. King joined NASA in 1960, and served as the Kennedy Space Center's Chief of Public Information from 1960 to 1971, and as NASA's Public Affairs Officer from 1971 to 1975.
After NASA, he spent two years as Director of Public Affairs for the U.S. Energy Research and Development Administration (later part of the United States Department of Energy), and another 15 years as executive vice president of Occidental Petroleum. He was appointed director of communications at the Fuqua School of Business in 1993. In 1997, King returned to Cape Canaveral and the U.S. manned space program, joining the United Space Alliance, where he served as spokesman.
King officially retired in October 2010, but still serves as a volunteer public affairs officer for NASA.
Personal life.
King is a widower, his wife Evelyn having died in 2005. They were married 39 years. He has three children (sons Chip and Billy, and daughter Beth) and, , five grandchildren. He is a Catholic.
King's oldest son, Chip King, flew the longest F-14 Tomcat combat mission in history, the 1,800-mile attack on Afghanistan in October 2001, following the September 11 attacks. Chip also was one of the pilots who took part in the flyover at astronaut Pete Conrad's 1999 funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="20583670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583670" title="William Douglas (boxer)">
William Douglas (boxer)

William "Dynamite" Douglas (21 March 1940 - 7 October 1999) was an American boxer. His son is former world heavyweight champion, James "Buster" Douglas.
A native of Columbus, Ohio, Douglas was a contender in the middleweight and light-heavyweight divisions during the 1970s, fighting such opponents as Bennie Briscoe, Willie Monroe, Marvin Johnson and Matthew Saad Muhammad. He retired in 1980 with a record of 41-16-1.
Douglas was trained by fellow Ohio native Gary H. Brown, who is a former professional boxer. Gary has trained over a dozen national champions and multiple world champions in the sports of boxing and kickboxing. Gary Brown owned and operated Eagle Boxing and Kickboxing (now called Top of the Line Fitness). Mr. Brown has trained notable fighters such as Rick "The Jet" Roufus, Jeff "Duke" Roufus, Mark Spazziani, Mark Selbee, George Allen, Todd Duffee and former amateur boxer Jason Zimmerman.

</doc>
<doc id="20583692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583692" title="Chapter Dos">
Chapter Dos

Chapter Dos is the third album from Bachata group, Xtreme. It was released November 24, 2008. The single, "Through That Window (Enamorado Estoy)" peaked 27 on "Billboard"'s Hot Latin Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20583695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583695" title="William Darling">
William Darling

William Darling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20583721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583721" title="La Raza Nation">
La Raza Nation

La Raza were founded in 1972. Their colors are green, white, and red (same as the Mexican flag). Their gang symbols include the Mexican flag, cross, and a six point star.
Relations with other gangs.
Although La Raza is affiliated with Folk Nation, La Raza has been to war with many Folk Nation gangs such as Ambrose, Gangster Disciples, and other Folks. Their main rivals are local rivals like Latin Kings, Black Stones, and the Almighty Saints.
Activities inside and outside of the Chicago area.
La Raza's activities have not been limited to the Chicago area they originated in. La Raza has been active in New York City. A 1996 police report noted La Raza as the rival of the Gran Familia Mexicana, a federation of Mexican gangs in the NYC area.
Between 2001 and 2003, La Raza was involved in a gang war with Vatos Locos. In the end, 12 Vatos Locos members were charged in the conspiracy to kill 4 rival gang leaders, including one leader who was sentenced to 151 years for his part in the plan.
In April 2005, 19 suspected members of La Raza were arrested in the Naples Florida area by federal and local law enforcement. Officials estimated the groups membership at around 100 and noted they'd been in the area since at least 1996.
In July 2005, La Raza was listed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) as one of the 54 violent street gangs targeted by ICE in a two-week nationwide enforcement action called Operation Community Shield.
Local officers in Gwinnett County, GA have also noted the presence of La Raza members in their jurisdiction.
A 2005 report produced by the US Department of Justice noted the presence of La Raza in the western United States, but not a high level of activity. A total of approximately 17 percent of the law enforcement agencies surveyed nationwide reported a presence of La Raza in their jurisdiction. Just over 6 percent of those agencies reported La Raza activity as moderate to high levels.
A 2006 report by the Bureau of Justice Assistance noted the presence of La Raza in Alaska, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Nebraska, New York and Virginia.
In 2008, La Raza was documented in Waukesha, Wisconsin as being involved in a conflict with another group called the 38th Street gang.

</doc>
<doc id="20583728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583728" title="Electoral district of Hobart Town">
Electoral district of Hobart Town

The Electoral district of Hobart Town was a multi-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in Tasmania's capital city, Hobart, and its suburbs.
The seat was created as a five-member seat ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1871 election, when it was divided up into the seats of Central, East, North, South and West Hobart.
The seat was later recombined in 1897 as the seat of Hobart.

</doc>
<doc id="20583733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583733" title="Sati (singer)">
Sati (singer)

Violeta "Sati" Jurkonienė (born April 11, 1976 in Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian singer, a member of band Agama.
Biography.
Sati was born in a family of a lawyer and a journalist in Klaipėda, Lithuania. At the age of seven started attending music school. Her teacher was one of the notable Lithuanian opera singers Onutė Glinskaitė - her influence was significant for then young singer, and is noticeable in Sati's pop music career.
In the beginning of her career Sati performed under the stage name "Violette" (later - "Crazy Violette '). She first sang pop music ballads, and participated in many musical competitions and festivals in Lithuania ("Metamarfozės 2000", "Klasikos diversijos 2001", "Mes irgi galime mylėti", "Pop Art", "Muzikinis Viešbutis"). Sati also contributed to the musical careers of other Lithuanian musicians (most notable - Andrius Mamontovas) by recording her voice for their songs.
Sati is known having a strong (95.8 decibels) and diversive voice. In 2000, she became a winner of the Lithuanian contest "Throat 2000" as the owner of the strongest voice.
Sati's musical styles range from pop to progressive dance music. In 2000-2004 she was highly praised by Lithuanian music critics. Sati received good reviews from German music critics and the biggest German music TV channel Viva, too.
Singer states her motto simply is ""Happiness, love and peace"". Her music, as she describes, is influenced by artists such as Björk, Stina Nordenstam, Achillea, Jon Hopkins, Abdullah Kobayashi, Lisa Gerrard, Enigma.
Sati was married from 2001 and 2009. She has three sons. They are Ąžuolas, Arijas, and Indra.
She actively advocates for a healthy lifestyle without any drugs or alcohol, and is a vegetarian.
Sati with a project Agama participated in Lithuanian musical contest to Eurovision 2010. She presented ethnic ethereal style song "Fields of Kings" which was performed in Sanskrit. Agama got a four place among 12 participants.

</doc>
<doc id="20583765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583765" title="Thomas Allin">
Thomas Allin

Thomas Allin (May 14, 1757 – June 26, 1833) was a soldier and surveyor who became an early settler and political leader in Kentucky. He served in the Revolutionary War, first in the North Carolina militia and then as part of general Nathanael Greene's campaign.
Following the war, Allin settled in the Kentucky district of Virginia. He participated in the Northwest Indian War, fighting with future Kentucky governor Charles Scott. He then became the surveyor for the Transylvania Company, laying out the towns of Harrodsburg and Henderson. He served for many years as county clerk and circuit court clerk in Mercer County, Kentucky. He was succeeded in these offices by two of his sons. He died of cholera on June 26, 1833.
Early life and military career.
Thomas Allin was born the son of William and Frances (Grant) Allin in Hanover County, Virginia on May 14, 1757. The following year, the family moved to Granville County, North Carolina, where Allin was raised on the family farm.
Allin enlisted as a private in the North Carolina militia shortly after the beginning of the Revolutionary War. Later, he served in the army of general Nathaneal Greene and participated in the Battle of Guilford Courthouse. 
Allin's first visit to Kentucky was in 1780. In 1781, he moved to St. Asaph's (now Stanford) in Lincoln County. He was chosen as deputy surveyor for Lincoln County, and in 1782, he became the county's deputy sheriff. He held both positions until approximately 1786. He surveyed the land for the site of what is now Lexington, Kentucky, and as compensation, received the land that Newport, Kentucky now occupies. He later lost this land in a lawsuit.
As a captain in the Northwest Indian War, Allin commanded a company of mounted infantry under General Charles Scott in Indiana, and participated in the Battle of Tippecanoe. Before the end of this enlistment, he was promoted to major and served as quartermaster and commissary.
Settlement in Kentucky.
Following the war, Allin moved to Danville, Kentucky, where he became a deputy clerk for the Supreme Court of the District of Kentucky, serving in the office of Christopher Greenup. He held this post until 1792. After the creation of Mercer County, Kentucky in 1786, he was chosen as the first county clerk and the clerk of the circuit court. He represented Mercer County to the Virginia constitutional convention in June 1788. He and ten other delegates from the Kentucky district voted against the new constitution; three Kentucky delegates voted for the new constitution, and one abstained.
On February 16, 1787, Allin married Mary Jouett of Albemarle County, Virginia. Jouett was the aunt of noted painter Matthew Harris Jouett. They had ten children. Both Allin and his wife were both members of the Christian Church.
Allin was invited to become a member of the Danville Political Club at the Club's second meeting, and served as its treasurer and secretary "pro tempore". He was also a charter member of the Kentucky Society for the Promotion of Useful Knowledge in 1787. In August 1799, He represented Mercer County at Kentucky's second constitutional convention.
Allin was the surveyor for the Transylvania Company, and laying out the site of the city of Henderson, Kentucky in 1797. He also helped lay out the town of Harrodsburg, Kentucky, and served as clerk of its board of trustees from March 24, 1786 to May 4, 1816. In 1811, he was elected surveyor for the town of Danville. In addition to surveying, he operated a farm, a mill, and a distillery.
Allin resigned as circuit court clerk in 1825 and as county clerk in 1831. His son, Ben, succeeded him in the former office, and his son, Thomas, Jr., succeeded him in the latter. He died of cholera on June 26, 1833 and was buried in Springhill Cemetery in Harrodsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20583766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583766" title="Charlie Grover">
Charlie Grover

Charles Byrd "Bugs" Grover (June 20, 1890 – May 24, 1971) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Grover played for the Detroit Tigers in . In two career games, he had a 0–0 record with a 3.38 ERA. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Grover was born in Gallipolis, Ohio and died in Emmett Township, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20583774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583774" title="Bakhtar News Agency">
Bakhtar News Agency

Bakhtar News Agency is the official state news agency of the Afghan government, based in Kabul. The agency is a major source of news for all media in Afghanistan, gathering domestic and international news and providing information to outlets.
The government had planned to make the agency independent of government control in 2004 before elections.
In 2002, Agence France-Presse established a satellite link providing news information to the Bakhtar News Agency.
Established in 1939 by the Government Press Department, it monitors foreign and domestic news before distribution. The English sector of the news distribution was not added until 1992 in order to keep foreign diplomats informed of Afghan news. The Ministry of Culture and Information monitors the agency. </ref>
References.
Mass Media in the Middle East: A Comprehensive Handbook. Kamalipour, Yahya R. and Mowlana, Hamid. Greenwood Press. 1994. </ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20583783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583783" title="Ken MacKenzie">
Ken MacKenzie

Kenneth Purvis "Ken" MacKenzie (born March 10, 1934) is a Canadian former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Milwaukee Braves (1960–61), New York Mets (1962–63), St. Louis Cardinals (1963), San Francisco Giants (1964), and Houston Astros (1965). MacKenzie is a member of the Yale Class of 1956. While at Yale, MacKenzie lettered in hockey and baseball.
MacKenzie was an original Met, and led the staff with a winning record, 5–4, on a team that lost 120 games in 1962.
Manager Casey Stengel was quoted that MacKenzie was a great kid. "He's a splendid young fella with a great education from Yale University. His signing with us makes him the lowest paid member of the class of Yale '56."

</doc>
<doc id="20583828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583828" title="2009 Swiss Figure Skating Championships">
2009 Swiss Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 Swiss Figure Skating Championships were the Swiss Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing on the senior and junior levels for the title of national champion of Switzerland. The results of the national championships were used to choose the Swiss teams to the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships and the 2009 European Figure Skating Championships.
The 2009 Championships took place between 4 December and 6 December 2008 in the Patinoire du Littoral arena in La Chaux-de-Fonds. The senior compulsory dance was the Paso Doble and the junior compulsory dance was the Starlight Waltz.

</doc>
<doc id="20583829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583829" title="Denis Pyramus">
Denis Pyramus

Denis Pyramus was a Benedictine monk of Bury St. Edmunds Abbey and an Anglo-Norman poet who was active in the second part of the 12th and the beginning of the 13th century.
In 1150 he wrote "Parthénopéus de Blois", a chivalric tale (romance) whose motif is drawn from the story of Cupid and Psyche. "Parthénopéus" was then adapted in the 13th century into a West Flemish novel in 9000 verses, "Parthenopeus van Blois", which tells about the love of King Clovis (Chlodowech). In the 19th century the original story of "Parthénopéus de Blois" served as a broad basis for Alfred Blau's libretto "Esclarmonde", later turned into an opera by Jules Massenet.
Pyramus also (in the early 13th century) wrote "La Vie Seint Edmund le Roi".

</doc>
<doc id="20583830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583830" title="Rafael Garzón">
Rafael Garzón

Rafael Garzón was a Spanish photographer born in Granada in 1863 and died in 1923. His studio was opened until 1935.
He held studios in:
He recorded with his camera the landscapes and monuments of Andalucía. He became famous because of his photographic portraits made in his studio inside The Alhambra.
His photographs illustrated the "Commercial Guide of Granada".
In Seville, where he arrived in 1901, he hold a studio with a sumptuous Arabic scenery in order to use it for his photographs.
He made portraits of the aristocracy of Seville and also of the first tourists of the 19th century who used to travel to Andalucía. This is why his photographs are spread outside Spain too. 
He also made albums and postcards of monuments of Seville.

</doc>
<doc id="20583840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583840" title="Jonny Craig">
Jonny Craig

Jonathan Monroe "Jonny" Craig (born March 26, 1986 in Minot, North Dakota) is a Canadian-American singer. He is currently working as a solo act, but has been the lead vocalist for the bands Dance Gavin Dance, Emarosa and Ghost Runner on Third. As a solo artist, he has released one studio album, one EP and a live album to date. He was also a part of the supergroup, Isles & Glaciers, ultimately leading to its demise. Craig possesses the vocal range of a baritenor and his distinct type of soul-based singing has earned him a high amount of acclaim.
Early life.
Jonny was born in Minot, North Dakota. Jonny states that he has ADHD and had to take Ritalin as a result. His grandmother, who was in a church choir, taught him everything he knows, as Jonny stated in an interview. In a further interview with the IT New York owned music blog Eat Yo Beats, Jonny said "my mom made me listen to tons of shit when I was kid, everything from Michael Bolton to some weird ass Christian rock bands" and also that it was this that became his main influence, rather than gospel music. Jonny Craig cites some of his early idols as Boyz To Men and New Found Glory. He was put into the school choir as a default elective but was ultimately kicked out. As a child, he says that he "had a hard time keeping out of trouble" and that "high school wasn't for him." He would explain later that that was the reason he left high school and attained his G.E.D, then focused on music full-time. "I just wanted an escape from a lot of the things when I was a child I guess. I just wanted to get away from a lot of the problems that I was dealing with at home and stuff", Craig states in an interview with KLSU radio as his reason for starting his path in music.
Music career.
Beginnings as a musician (2000–2007).
Prior to forming his first band, Craig was auditioning for bands when entering high school in the United States in 2000, none of which he was accepted into. Craig then formed the band westerHALTS in 2000, a garage band from Tacoma, Washington. At age 15, Craig released his first known song with them titled "Change, Leisure, and Retirement" in 2001. In a recent AP Podcast he states that the band was "...just for something to pay for weed, something I played over the weekends." He then joined as the lead vocalist for Tacoma based pop punk band Ghost Runner on Third in 2002. Jonny Craig says that he met the guitarist at his secondary college. He received positive reviews with this band's debut EP, Speak Your Dreams, released on January 4, 2005. Allmusic stated that Craig was: "the band's secret weapon, a passionate vocalist. There's not a bad track to be found here, but Craig tends to outshine his bandmates throughout."
Early on in his career with Ghost Runner On Third it has been cited that overwhelming drug problems led to his departure as told by Dance Gavin Dance in their old blog concerning Craig after he was kicked out of the band. Though Craig has denied the statements made, Dance Gavin Dance has not backed off from those remarks, which they explain was the reason for all the band's problems and partly for his former band Ghost Runner on Third. Dance Gavin Dance has also blamed Sean O'Sullivan's departure on Craig's behavior primarily, although there were other contributing factors. Despite their past differences, both past and present members of Dance Gavin Dance have since become friends. Consider the Thief (O'Sullivan's previous band), were also listed in Emarosa's "Relativity" album on the special thanks section of the booklet.
Dance Gavin Dance and Emarosa (2007–2012).
Jonny Craig's singing in Dance Gavin Dance's debut EP Whatever I Say Is Royal Ocean and debut full-length album, Downtown Battle Mountain, received positive reviews from critics. Allmusic stated that "co-frontman Jonny Craig's regularly hysterical yelping may change your mind forever."
In March 2007, it was explained that Jonny Craig came up with the name "Dance Gavin Dance" and had planned to name his previous band, "Ghost Runner On Third", by that name. After being kicked out of Dance Gavin Dance after the "Saints and Sinners Festival" in New Jersey, Jonny Craig immediately filled in for A Skylit Drive's Lead Vocalist Jordan Blake while he was ill. The band said at shows, and on their website, that he was not the new lead singer and the situation would only be temporary. It had been only two weeks since he quit Dance Gavin Dance in which he joined Emarosa who was left without a lead singer.
On August 18, 2010, Dance Gavin Dance parted ways with vocalist Kurt Travis and Jonny Craig, along with other original vocalist, Jon Mess, returned to the band to record a new album. The reunited lineup will also embark on a headlining run next spring. Craig was to remain in Emarosa as well.
The rapper Game and DJ Skee sampled Craig's vocals on the song "Heels & Dresses" from their Break Lights mixtape album, which comes from the song "The Robot With Human Hair Pt. 1." Rapper Bizzy Bone also sampled Craig's vocals on the song "Bottled Up Like Smoke" from his Crossover EP and Crossroads album.
On April 11, 2011, Emarosa publicly announced that Jonny Craig would no longer be a member of the group. According to a statement made by the band, "This decision has been a hard one to make, but we feel it is in the best interest for the band going forward." "Jonny Craig" was the top trending topic on Twitter the day of the announcement.
DGD released Downtown Battle Mountain II and embarked on many tours during 2010-2011. They were inactive during most of 2012 because Jonny entered rehab. He is currently over a year sober.
On August 13, 2012, Jonny Craig was "kicked out" of Dance Gavin Dance yet again for reasons pertaining to Craig being "publicly scolded by the owner of sumerian records for multiple offenses". The news surfaced after Jonny released a statement on his personal Twitter.
Isles & Glaciers (2008–2010).
In early September 2008, Chiodos and Cinematic Sunrise vocalist Craig Owens, announced that both he and Jonny Craig would be recording an EP record by the end of the year, also mentioning Vic Fuentes and others.
On December 15, 2008, Alternative Press officially announced and revealed the name and lineup of this new project, Isles & Glaciers. The band's first EP, The Hearts of Lonely People, was produced by Casey Bates in Seattle, Washington, was reworked on April 2009 in Michigan and was released March 9, 2010.
A tweet reading in part "…and people wonder why we won’t do another I & G record." was sent out by Craig Owens in 2011, as the MacBook scandal was breaking. This suggests that Isles & Glaciers will be unlikely to release any further albums, at least with a lineup that includes Jonny Craig.
Jonny Craig talked about Isles and Glaciers in an interview stating he would be willing to participate in making a new record, but suspects tension with what he calls, "the more popular people in the group".
Solo work (2009–2014).
Jonny Craig released his debut solo album "A Dream Is a Question You Don't Know How to Answer" on August 18, 2009, through Rise Records. This is the first individual artist on the label. For promotional purposes he took press photos for the release in late 2009 with photographer Gage Young in Orlando, Florida. He further released three songs on his Myspace profile from the solo album, titled; "Istillfeelher III", "Children of Divorce" and "7 AM, 2 Bottles And The Wrong Road". Craig went on his first solo tour from November through December, supporting acts AFI, Cinematic Sunrise, and then headlining with support from Tides of Man and Sleeping With Sirens. He was headlining a tour with support from Tides of Man and Eye Alaska and will be playing The Bamboozle festival and SXSW.
Craig headlined the "White Boys With Soul" tour with Fight Fair, Breathe Electric, Mod Sun, and The Divine. Craig has also recently revealed that he is recording another solo album. In an interview at Warped Tour with MindEqualsBlown.net, Craig revealed he's attempting to work with Alex Deleon of The Cab on a B-side from his solo album. Craig announced on January 16, 2011 that he would be taking an indefinite hiatus to "pursue the filming of his documentary", stating that all his currently planned records and tours would be canceled. He later added that he would play out the tours with Dance Gavin Dance and Emarosa. On January 21, 2011, Craig announced that he would not actually be taking this hiatus, stating: "hate me all you want people I love what i do and im great at it. IM NEVER GONNA STOP. ["sic"]" He later stated that he was going to quit because he had been touring and recording "NON STOP" for seven years, and stated "Now i know theres nothing out in the world for me".
Craig was featured in Alternative Press's issue #288 that was released June 5, 2012.
In November 2012, somebody hacked Craig's personal e-mail that contained some demos that circulated on the internet; Craig stated the leaked material will not be on his upcoming solo EP. From Craig's personal twitter page: "dont trip the songs that leaked are not what my album is going to sound like. that was me just fucking around with some stuff."
Craig set up an account on Indiegogo where fans donated money to produce Craigs upcoming EP. He also confirmed in a recent interview that he has bought out his contract with Rise Records.
Craig released his solo EP, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You, on September 24, 2013, as an independent release. The EP received only high marks and reviews.
On November 26, 2013 Jonny has released the Special Edition of Find What You Love And Let It Kill You. The Special Edition includes a new song, which features two people that paid to be on the album from the Indiegogo campaign. He has also released a new song, "Dirty Christmas" which is available also on November 26, 2013. In an interview with rockforevernagazine, Jonny has said he wants to do "maybe one or two more tours(before recording), with me as like a third spot... Maybe a Circa tour?" He also said that his new second album may be coming out next year. He also has stated him and Kyle Lucas are making an album together.
On January 15, Jonny revealed he is starting a new band. The following day, he tweeted that the band's name would be Slaves. According to Under the Gun Review, along with Craig as lead vocalist, Slaves will consist of guitarists Jason Mays, Alex Lyman, and Christopher Kim, drummer Tai Wright, and bassist Colin Vieira.
Slaves (2014–present).
Artery Recordings have announced the signing of Jonny Craig’s new band, Slaves, which also features member Alex Lyman (Hearts & Hands). The band will release their debut album this summer via Artery. They’ve released a short video trailer, which features clips of new music.
Vocal ability and influences.
Craig's voice has been compared to that of Christina Aguilera. The X Factor Australia season 2 runner-up, Sally Chatfield, has cited Craig as her main musical influence and inspiration.
In an interview, Craig proceeded to describe himself as an atheist with a Christian background especially in music. He states that all of his music is soulful and has some kind of meaning mainly because his music career began as a child singing gospel music with his church/school. Jonny Craig gives all credit for his musical talent to his grandmother (Ruth Lyons) who he says, "taught me everything I know about music, she was super Christian, super gospel. Her husband was a preacher. She taught me everything I know about music and despite the fact that I may not believe in her beliefs, I believe in what she taught me."
Craig is inspired by soul music, mainly the artists Aretha Franklin, Boyz II Men, and Craig David. He has also mentioned Motown acts and the band Mewithoutyou as influences. Craig has performed live covers of the songs "Cry Me a River" by Justin Timberlake, "Fuck You" by Cee Lo Green, and "Never Gonna Be Alone" by Nickelback.
"Hollywood Music Magazine" stated of Craig, "The guy’s a legend and if you’ve yet to hear him sing you have been missing out."
Personal life.
Internet scam and drug-related issues.
In February 2011, several fans of Craig began coming forth and accusing him of being involved in an internet scam. According to the alleged victims, Craig would claim to be selling a used MacBook through his Twitter account. After accepting an online payment on average between US$600 and $800 for the product from at least 16 individuals, Craig was reported to have discontinued communication with the buyers, and no MacBooks were ever distributed. He initially denied the accusations and claimed that his Twitter had been hacked and he had no involvement. However, the following week it was announced that Jonny Craig had dropped off his current tour in Emarosa with Chiodos to enter detox in order to cure his ongoing battles with drug addiction. Rise Records and the Artery Foundation assumed financial responsibility for the internet scam and intend to reimburse anyone who had been victimized. Tilian Pearson—formerly of Tides of Man—substituted for Craig during his absence from Emarosa. A public apology was issued after his detox treatment was completed on March 8, 2011.
In October 2011, Jonny Craig was jailed for two counts of possession of narcotics, two counts of possession of drug paraphernalia, and one count of failure to appear on a felony charge with bail set at US$15,000. As a result of this incident, Dance Gavin Dance cancelled their upcoming tour and went on hiatus. Craig was released from jail a few weeks later and is scheduled to enter a court-ordered rehabilitation facility. His follow-up hearing was scheduled for April 30, 2012. Dance Gavin Dance went on with their tour as planned, but did not include Craig saying on their official Facebook:
"As some of you have heard today, Jonny Craig will not be doing the upcoming tour with Dance Gavin Dance. Jonny is very sick right now, and needs to do what he can to get better. Being on the road is no place for someone in his position right now. He needs to focus on fixing himself. He has NOT been kicked out of Dance Gavin Dance, but we cannot tour with him in the current state he is in. We still want to continue being productive and playing music that we have so much passion for, which is why we decided to continue with the tour without Jonny. We love Jonny and we hope that Jonny can do what he can to get better, because we have done everything that we can to try to get him clean."
Craig surpassed a 30 day court-ordered detox and was released March 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20583863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583863" title="Claverham Community College">
Claverham Community College

Claverham Community College (often known simply as Claverham) is a comprehensive secondary school/community college in Battle, East Sussex, England. It is a specialist Sports College with ICT as a second specialism and has excellent sports facilities such as a climbing wall, Community Sports Hall, gym, dance studio, fitness suite, extensive playing fields including football and rugby pitches, an all weather astroturf area for a variety of activities & courts for netball, hockey, tennis, etc.
Claverham Community College is a mixed comprehensive school for pupils aged 11-16 and a Community College. It has approximately 1150 pupils and about 2500 associates of the College who are involved in the life of the College Community either through adult evening classes or as a result of membership of affiliated societies.
The Community College was established in 1973 and was developed from the former Battle County Secondary School built in 1955. In school terms the College became fully comprehensive in 1976 and now serves the educational needs of all children between the ages of 11 and 16 in Battle and the neighbouring villages of Ashburnham, Catsfield, Crowhurst, Hooe (north), Netherfield, Ninfield, Penhurst, Sedlescombe, Whatlington and Westfield.
In addition to this traditional intake area, the College attracts pupils in relatively large numbers from an additional 40 Primary Schools in the Rye, Hastings, Bexhill, Pevensey and Eastbourne areas in particular. Claverham was designated as a training school in September 2000 and achieved Specialist Sports College Status, with ICT as the second specialism, with effect from September 2006.
The school also achieved an "Outstanding" from Ofsted in its last two inspections.
History.
The college takes its title from the Anglo-Saxon pre-conquest description of the particular area in which it is situated - place of clover or good pasture. The college opened in 1955 and has been fortunate in having enjoyed considerable stability in that up to the time of the appointment of the present Principal (2008) there had been only four changes of leadership since that time with each one having made his own unique contribution to the development of the College. Robert Davies (1955-1958) gave the school a firm foundation. Peter Court (1958-1980) is most associated with the establishment of the school as one of three community colleges in East Sussex (the others being Portslade and Uplands, Wadhurst). The philosophy underpinning this concept was that a school should act as a focal point for its community opening its facilities to the general public during evenings and weekends. A wide range of adult education courses and activities was established as well as a youth centre housed in separate premises in the town. Christopher Thompson (1980-1992) built on the community provision with the establishment of the Battle Area Sports Centre and the Claverham Day Nursery while at the same time making a wide range of radical changes to the pastoral and academic organisation of the College, in particular by abandoning mixed ability teaching groups and replacing these with the setting of pupils by ability by subject throughout the academic subject range. This was also accompanied by the introduction of criteria based twice termly pupil assessments, the close monitoring of pupils and staff in regard to the setting, completion and marking of homework and careful oversight of lesson preparation and teaching standards. In regard to pastoral care, a fully fledged vertical house system was developed. When first opened, there were originally four houses. Mountjoy, Middleborough, Sandlach, and Telham - the names of the houses being derived from post conquest place names given by the Normans to areas of the battleground which had been significant in the action. However, originally, these house groupings did not form the core of the pastoral system which was, instead, based upon a horizontal year system. In 1981 the name Middleborough was replaced by that of Caldbec, and the houses became the key part of the pastoral care provision, replacing the existing horizontal year structure with a 'family' vertical structure where all staff and pupils shared loyalties to organisations within the College as well as to the college as a whole. The College Houses, each represented by a different colour and with all girls and boys wearing house ties incorporating their particular house colour alongside the blue and yellow College stripes - Calbec purple, Montjoie blue, Santlache red, Telham green and then, in 2008, Oakwood silver, when this additional house was introduced. These changes in academic and pastoral organisation facilitated the development of a strong ethos of high expectations in regard to all aspects of the life of the College - in particular, high standards of pastoral care, pupil discipline and attainment. Richard Pitts (1992-2008) greatly further consolidated the ethos of the College while overseeing considerable building developments including four new laboratories and classrooms, and further expansion of pupil numbers as the reputation of the college continued to grow. Starting from September 2013, the school started using the Vivo Miles system replacing the old merit system.
Campus.
The College is located about one mile (1.6 km) west of the very attractive petite market town of Battle and is situated within 42 acres of most attractive wood and parkland with extensive playing fields and natural land and aquatic habits.
The main school buildings reflect a variety of architectural styles and both externally and internally the College is architecturally interesting, attractively decorated and has a warm and friendly atmosphere. 
The College grounds incorporate land which belonged formerly to the Battle Abbey Estate and are immediately adjacent to the site of the Battle of Hastings. As might be expected, the geographical position is an elevated one within sight of the sea. 
Curriculum.
Claverham Community College offers many courses to its students. Below are the subjects available at Key Stage 3:
English, Maths, Science (Biology, Chemistry and Physics), French, Spanish, German, ICT, Food Technology, Product Design, Music, History, Religious Studies, Geography, Classics (Year 7-8), Latin (Top 2 Sets Year 8 and optional in Year 9), Art and Physical Education.
At GCSE, students are required to take the following courses:
English Language, English Literature, Maths and Science Core & Additional. Several students, however, will be given a language to take during their GCSEs as well as the option to take another.
Students are then available to choose several of these optional GCSEs:
French, Spanish, German, ICT, Media Studies, Food Technology, Product Design, Drama, Music, History, Religious Studies, Geography, Latin, Physical Education, Dance, Art, Art Graphics and Textiles.
The college also offers the following vocational courses:
Hospitality, Travel & Tourism, Land & Environment and Health & Social Care.
The college now offers the chance for pupils to take a Diploma worth four GCSEs instead of sitting ten GCSEs. The Diploma courses are for: ICT, Sports and Environmental & Land base studies.
Note: some students have the option of taking Science Btec for GCSE which gives them two GCSE qualifications, worth either A*-C without taking and exam.
Sports and traditions.
The College as a designated Specialist Sports College has many modern sporting facilities including full access to the local Battle Sports Centre, with a full indoor sports hall, dance studio and fitness suite. It also has outdoor football and rugby pitches and tennis courts.
It also has an indoor gym which features a climbing wall.
House/Prefect System.
At Claverham the house which a student belongs to can easily be identified through the colour of their tie; where the College operates around a five house system.
In Year Eleven, a select number of students from each house, approximately 10% of the year with 20 from each house, will be chosen as college prefects. As a reward for performing duties around the school, they are entitled to wear a college prefect tie, house badge (as the prefect tie does not distinguish between houses) there are no prefect rooms at break and lunch like there used to be.
The college awards the following titles to prefects:
1Oakwood Seniors are house prefects chosen to cover the vacuum of prefects created by the addition of the fifth house.
2Do not receive benefits listed above, Are not included in quota.
3Chosen from the Head Boy/Girl of each house.
4Now identified by Lozenge badge rather than shield badge
5White shield badge, does not distinguish between houses
Note: The senior prefect title was officially removed for the year beginning September 2009. Badges are still worn by Heads and Deputies of each house and also by all who applied for head of Montjoie house (at Mr Wilson's discretion). However, HoH are beginning to give pupils the title of senior prefect once again.
Heads and Deputy Heads of the college wear a Yellow badge in addition to their house badge(s).
Staff.
Currently, the College has roughly 70 teaching staff with numerous support staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20583865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583865" title="Lila Karp">
Lila Karp

Lila Karp (1933 – September 15, 2008) was an activist, writer, teacher and feminist. She is known for her novel "The Queen is in the Garbage"and is profiled in the book "Feminists Who Changed America, 1963-1975"[http://www.amazon.com/Feminists-Who-Changed-America-1963-1975/dp/025203189X. She was among the second-wave feminists in New York in the 1960s and was a member of The Feminists. This group included such notables as Kate Millet, Flo Kennedy, Ti-Grace Atkinson, and Margo Jefferson. Karp was featured in the 1977 documentary "Some American Feminists".[http://www.citwf.com/film326649.htm]
Karp played a vital role in pioneering the field of Women's Studies at Princeton University, where she served as the director of the University Women's Center. She delivered a paper on the subject entitled "Women's Studies: Fear and Loathing in the Ivy League" at the National Women's Studies Association Meeting in 1979. She was appointed the co-director of The Institute for the Study of Women and Men at the University of Southern California in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20583872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583872" title="Karbi Longri N.C. Hills Liberation Front">
Karbi Longri N.C. Hills Liberation Front

Karbi Longri N.C. Hills Liberation Front is a militant group operating in Karbi Anglong district and Dima Hasao district (formerly known as the North Cachar Hills district) of Assam, India. Thong Teron is the general secretary of KLNLF. Karbi Anglong NC Hills People's Resistance is the armed wing of the organization. KLNLF emerged from the United People's Democratic Solidarity, being the anti-peace talks faction of UDPS. After the split, there has been turf wars between the two groups.
In July 2008, the Assam government estimated that KLNLF had a membership of 225. KLNLF is closely linked to the United Liberation Front of Asom.
December 6 is the foundation day of KLNLF.
Objectives.
The outfit claims to fight for the cause of Karbi tribes and its declared objective is Hemprek Kangthim, meaning self-rule/self-determination of the Karbi people.
Leadership, Cadre and Area of Operation.
Pradip Terang alias Pongbi Dilli is the ‘Chairman’ of the outfit. Har Sing Timung was the General Secretary till January 2, 2005, when he resigned from his position following serious differences with the ‘Commander-in-Chief’ Men Sing Takbi alias Willingson Timung. Laden Ronghang is the ‘Publicity Secretary’ of the group and ‘Incharge Central Publicity Cell’ is Thong Teron alias Rupsing Teron. The Assistant Foreign Secretary/ Revenue/Finance/Taxation of the outfit is Biren Lekthe alias Risso Tokbi.
Currently, the outfit has around 200 cadres operating in the Karbi Anglong district. The KLNLF Commander-in-Chief, Willingson Timung, was killed along with two other cadres by the General Secretary, Hor Sing Timung, on February 2, 2005. Later on April 29, 2005, Hor Sing Timung along with other four associates was executed by the outfit at a camp in Bangladesh for their involvement in the murder of Timung.
While the group’s stronghold is the Karbi Anglong district, its presence has also been reported from Dima Hasao and Nagaon districts.
Linkage.
The outfit maintains close links with the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA). The ULFA’s ‘709th battalion’ operates out of two major bases in Karbi Anglong, with the KLNLF providing it with logistic support in return for weapons and ammunition.
It also reportedly has links with the Nagaland-based National Socialist Council of Nagaland - Isak-Muivah (NSCN-IM). On May 11, 2004, 31 KLNLF cadres along with five NSCN-IM militants were arrested from a bus on the Paren-Ghaspani Road on their way to Dimapur. These cadres had undergone training at a NSCN-IM camp and were reportedly part of the recent batch that passed out from there. On October 13, 2007, security forces neutralized a joint camp of the NSCN-IM and KLNLF inside Kaki Reserve Forest area in the Karbi Anglong district.
Funds.
Abductions for ransom and extortion are the main sources of funds for the group. According to official sources, the outfit generates a considerable amount of revenue by targeting the ginger producing Kukis in the Singhason Hills area. The non-Karbi Hindi – speaking traders are also targeted for extortion. In some case, even the Karbi's are targeted for extortion.

</doc>
<doc id="20583874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583874" title="Juraj Hromkovič">
Juraj Hromkovič

Juraj Hromkovič (born 1958) is a Slovak Computer Scientist and Professor at ETH Zürich. He is the author of numerous monographs and scientific publications in the field of algorithmics, computational complexity theory, and randomization.
Biography.
Hromkovič was born 1958 in Bratislava. He studied at Comenius University where he received his Ph.D. in 1986 (Dr. rer. nat.), habilitated in 1989 ("Theoretical Cybernetics and Mathematical Informatics"), and worked as a lecturer from 1989 to 1990. From 1989 to 1994, he was a visiting professor at the group of "Burkhard Monien" at the University of Paderborn. In 1994, he received a professorship at the "Institute of Informatics" at the University of Kiel. From 1997 to 2003, he led the "Chair of Computer Science 1" at RWTH Aachen. Since 2004, he has been a professor at the Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich for Information Technology and Education.
Next to active research in various fields of theoretical computer science (about 170 publications), the main focus of his work lies on education for teachers of Computer Science and the illustration of basics of Computer Science to non-professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="20583904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583904" title="Fredric Hope">
Fredric Hope

Fredric Hope (22 January 1900 – 20 April 1937) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the film "The Merry Widow".
He was born in New Brighton, Pennsylvania and died in Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20583909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583909" title="Debbie Lee Wesselmann">
Debbie Lee Wesselmann

Debbie Lee Wesselmann is a novelist born in New York City. She has lived in New Jersey, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Pennsylvania. She studied at Dartmouth College and Fairleigh Dickinson University, where she later also taught fiction writing. Currently she teaches English at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20583930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583930" title="1994 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1994 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1994 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1994 season. Phillip Fulmer was the head coach.
Season.
Freshman Peyton Manning began the season as Tennessee's third-string quarterback, but injuries to Todd Helton and Jerry Colquitt forced him into the lineup in a game against , which the Volunteers lost 24–21. In his first start the following week against Washington State, the Vols won, 10–9. They lost only more game the rest of the season, finishing 8–4 with a 45–23 victory over Virginia Tech in the Gator Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20583951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583951" title="Norman Denbigh Riley">
Norman Denbigh Riley

Norman Denbigh Riley CBE (26 September 1890 London - 26 May 1979) was a British entomologist with a special interest in the Lepidoptera and in particular the Lycaenidae. For many years he was Keeper of Entomology at the British Museum.
His first schooling took place at Dulwich College where his interest in Natural History and Lepidoptera became evident. Richard South, the prominent entomologist was the Riley family's neighbour in Balham and encouraged Norman Riley in his hobby. After finishing school Riley enrolled at the Imperial College in order to take a course in entomology, and managed to find work there as a demonstrator under Ray Lankester, who was then Director of the British Museum. At age 21 he was appointed as an Assistant in the Entomology Department.
With the outbreak of World War I in 1914, Riley joined the Royal Army Service Corps, and saw service in France. At the end of the war he was discharged with the rank of Captain and resumed his work at the Museum, becoming Keeper of Entomology in 1932. He became dedicated to acquiring gifts and purchases of specimens to expand the collection of the Museum, and succeeded in creating a research resource of international renown. 
Because of his easy and affable manner, Riley became popular as a committee-man and competently steered projects through financial and political pitfalls, becoming involved in national and international entomological matters. He served as both secretary and treasurer to the Entomological Society of London between 1926 and 1951, and was elected President in 1952. He was also a charter member of the Lepidopterists' Society and served on their council, being elected Vice-president in 1954 and President in 1958. He also found time to be active in the Zoological Society of London. In 1923, on the retirement of Richard South, his boyhood mentor, Riley took over the running of a small, but popular periodical called Entomologist's Monthly Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20583958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583958" title="Warsaw Open">
Warsaw Open

The Warsaw Open, formerly the J&S Cup, was a tennis tournament on the WTA Tour held in Warsaw, Poland. Held since 1995, the tournament was played on outdoor clay courts. The event returned for 2 years to the WTA Tour in 2009 after a year's hiatus but its slot on the tour calendar was taken over by the Brussels Open from 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20583985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20583985" title="Tom Young (cricketer)">
Tom Young (cricketer)

Archibald Young, known as "Tom", was a professional first-class cricket player who appeared for Somerset in more than 300 matches. Though a regular cricketer for a dozen years, he was frequently in poor health because of damage to his lungs during the First World War and he died at the age of 45, less than three years after his most successful cricket season.
Early cricket career.
Young, a right-handed batsman often used as an opener and a right-arm slow spin bowler, was born at Bathwick in Bath on 6 November 1890, and first appeared for Somerset in three matches in 1911, making little impact. He reappeared again in two matches in 1919, again to no great effect. In 1921, however, he was given 10 matches and made useful runs, including his first score of more than 50, an unbeaten 69 in the match against Essex at Southend, when he also took wickets that helped to win the game.
County regular.
From 1922 to 1933, Young was a regular member of the Somerset side. He was, says a history of Somerset cricket, "a laconic and frail man", yet despite the damage done to his lungs in France during the First World War he missed very few games over the 12 seasons.
Initially, he played largely as a batsman, usually opening. In 1922, he made 881 runs, and in every other season he went on to more than 900 runs, passing the 1,000 runs for the season five times. His first century came in 1923 against a weak Glamorgan side at Taunton, when he put on 251 for the second wicket with Jack MacBryan, who made 148. A year later, he made 198 against Hampshire at Bath, the major contribution in what was, at that stage, Somerset's highest-ever first-class total. The innings remained Young's highest score in first-class cricket. He was picked twice to represent the professionals in Gentlemen v Players matches, once at Folkestone and once at The Oval.
All-rounder.
Up to 1930, Young was regarded as primarily a batsman who bowled a bit. This was, says Somerset's cricket history, "an astonishing oversight" by successive captains, John Daniell and Jack White. But in 1930 his bowling was finally discovered: he took 66 wickets in County Championship matches alone at an average of 18 apiece, and 71 wickets in all. This was, wrote Wisden, "a truly remarkable improvement upon what he had previously accomplished in that department of the game". Against Derbyshire at Taunton in August 1930, he made scores of 63 and 70 as an opening batsman, and then took three for 47 and eight for 30 to finish with match figures of 11 for 77. After Young had taken five for 70 in the match against the Australian touring team, including the wickets of Donald Bradman, Archie Jackson, Stan McCabe and Vic Richardson, Bradman is reported to have remarked: "What a good off-spinner he is." Bradman and Jackson had both scored centuries before Young took their wickets, though.
Young was awarded a benefit match in the 1930 season, and picked the game against Sussex at Bath: rain interfered badly with play on the Saturday, delayed the resumption on Monday until mid-afternoon, and then prevented any play at all on the Tuesday. The gate receipts were £62 and the match yielded him only £100 in total, but further collections across the summer boosted the benefit fund to £750.
Though by now over 40 years old, Young sustained both his batting and his bowling performance across 1931 and 1932, and in 1933 had his best all-round season, with 951 runs which included three centuries for the first time in any season and 90 wickets. He took 10 wickets in a match for the second time in his career in the game against Worcestershire at Stourbridge. Along with Arthur Wellard, Wisden said, Young "formed the backbone of the team" in 1933.
End of career and death.
But that was that. The 1935 Wisden reported on Young's absence as a factor in a weaker Somerset team in the 1934 season, and noted that he had been added to the list of first-class umpires for the 1935 season. The 1936 Wisden said that, "owing to illness", Young had not stood as an umpire in any first-class matches in 1935 and had withdrawn from the umpires list for 1936. In fact, Young died at his home in Bath on 2 April 1936 just before the cricket season started. He was 45.
Character.
Illness is cited in Somerset's history as a potential reason why Young was seen as a "moody and intimidating" cricketer by his fellow players. Younger left-arm spinner Horace Hazell is quoted as saying: "I admired him – he was good for us. Tom was very strict and didn't approve of us signing autographs outside the Oval. He didn't want us getting big ideas too quickly." All-rounder Bill Andrews is reported as having asked Young why, after making 32 opening the innings against Larwood and Voce in a match against Nottinghamshire, he had kept his pads on. Young allegedly replied: "Waste of time taking 'em off, son. We'll be soon bloody well in again."
External links.
Tom Young at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20584019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20584019" title="The Pilot Show">
The Pilot Show

The Pilot Show is a British TV comedy show written and created by Paul Garner. Commissioned by E4 and subsequently airing on Channel 4 in 2004, the show duped celebrities and members of the public into appearing on what they believed were pilots for real TV shows. Over 30,000 British men applied to be on a new reality show called 'Lapdance Island' only to discover that it was in fact a hoax for "The Pilot Show".
The show featured Paul Garner, Sharon Horgan, Marc Wootton, Robin Ince, Rob Rouse and Steve Oram. It was produced by Damon Beesley and made for E4 by Ealing Studios.
"The Pilot Show" went on to be remade for American television. VH1 in New York commissioned a 16-part series that first aired in May 2005. The show, renamed "BSTV", was exec produced by Garner alongside Rob Moore from Ealing Studios and Jim Biederman for VH1. Garner and Marc Wootton were the only British cast members to feature in the U.S. remake.

</doc>
<doc id="20584024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20584024" title="Jorge Omar del Río">
Jorge Omar del Río

Jorge Omar del Río is a former Argentine racing driver. He won the TC2000 championship three times in succession between 1980 and 1982, and currently runs a racing school in Benavídez, Tigre Partido, Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="20584028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20584028" title="Electoral district of Hobart">
Electoral district of Hobart

The Electoral district of Hobart was a multi-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in Tasmania's capital city, Hobart.
It was created at the 1897 election under a trial of the Hare-Clark electoral model along with the seat of Electoral district of Launceston. It continued for two terms, before being broken up again in 1903 into Central, East, North, South and West Hobart. In 1909, the entire state adopted Hare-Clark, and the Launceston region became part of the Denison division.

</doc>
