<doc id="20550380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550380" title="United States presidential election in Alabama, 2008">
United States presidential election in Alabama, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 9 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Alabama was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 21.6% margin of victory. Prior to the election, 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered it a safe red state. Located in the Deep South, Alabama is one of the most conservative states in the country. Republicans have won every presidential election in Alabama since 1980, and the 2008 election was no exception. John McCain carried 54 of the state's 67 counties and easily prevailed in the Yellowhammer State.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Opinion polls taken in Alabama prior to the election consistently showed John McCain to be leading Barack Obama. RealClearPolitics gave the state an average of 56.8% for McCain, compared to 33.5% for Obama. The state was not seriously contested by either campaign.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,846,574 in the state. Barack Obama raised $1,734,629.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent almost $264,945. McCain and his interest groups spent just $850. Barack Obama, made at least one stop in the state, a brief visit to the Heritage Club for a Democratic Fundraiser in Huntsville, AL 
Analysis.
Alabama is one of the most conservative states in the country and one of the most reliably Republican strongholds in presidential elections. Alabama is located in the middle of the Bible Belt, where many people are values voters, they tend to be in opposition to abortion and gay rights. Since 1964, Democrats have carried the state only once, when Democrat Jimmy Carter of neighboring Georgia carried all but one Southern state. Although Democrats still nominally have a majority of registered voters, the Democrats have only seriously contested the state three times since Barry Goldwater carried it in 1964.
At the time of the election, Alabama had a Republican Governor (Bob Riley), two Republicans in the U.S. Senate (Richard Shelby and Jeff Sessions), and five of its seven seats in the U.S. House of Representatives were held by Republicans.
On November 4, 2008, Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama predictably lost by a landslide. However, he performed 2% better in 2008 than John Kerry did in 2004 (both by popular vote and by the number of carried counties). In large part, this can be attributed to high turnout of African American voters in Alabama. Notably, Obama carried Jefferson County, which contains the state's largest city of Birmingham, which last supported the official Democratic candidate for president in 1956. Strangely, many news organizations did not project the state's outcome immediately after the polls closed, possibly due to a wavering African American turnout. 
Voting in Alabama, like in other states of the Deep South, was heavily polarized by race. According to exit polls, 98% of African Americans voted Democratic while 88% of Caucasians voted Republican. Obama's 12 percent showing among white voters was easily his worst in the nation, and prevented him from having any realistic chance of carrying the state. Ultimately, McCain won by running up massive landslides in the state's suburban areas; several Birmingham, Montgomery and Mobile suburbs gave McCain over 70 percent of the vote. The old-line Dixiecrats in these areas began splitting their tickets as early as the 1950s; apart from Carter, some of these areas haven't supported a Democrat for president since Adlai Stevenson II in 1956.
Racial polarization was why Obama generally improved on Kerry's performance in Southern Alabama, where more African Americans live. Conversely, Obama did much worse than Kerry in Northern Alabama, where fewer blacks live. Racial polarization was also responsible for Alabama's electoral geography: Obama, like other Democrats, won landslides in the central Alabama Black Belt while losing badly everywhere else.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Republican John McCain carried six of the state's seven congressional districts, including two districts (AL-02 and AL-05) that were carried by Democrats (Bobby Bright and Parker Griffith, respectively) in the U.S. House of Representatives
Electors.
Technically the voters of Alabama cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Alabama is allocated 9 electors because it has 7 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 9 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 9 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 9 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin.

</doc>
<doc id="20550383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550383" title="Edward Thorne">
Edward Thorne

Edward Thorne (1746 – December 9, 1820) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Granville township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1799 to 1806.
He was born in New York and came to Nova Scotia in 1783. Thorne had married Jane Rapalye in 1774. He was named a justice of the peace shortly after his arrival; according to his obituary, he also held that post in New York for a number of years prior to his departure. He died in Granville at the age of 74.
His daughter Jane married Timothy Ruggles who also represented the township in the provincial assembly. His nephew Stephen S. Thorne also represented Granville in the assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20550424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550424" title="OGLE2-TR-L9">
OGLE2-TR-L9

OGLE2-TR-L9 is a magnitude 15 star in the constellation Carina at a distance of approximately 2,935 light years.
Planetary system.
This star is home to the transiting extrasolar planet OGLE2-TR-L9b discovered in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20550436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550436" title="Libertad (coin)">
Libertad (coin)

Libertad coins are gold and silver Mexican bullion coins. They are sold in 1/20, 1/10, 1/4, 1/2, and 1 troy ounce (ozt) weights for both gold and silver coins; and 2, 5 ozt and 1 kilogram weights for silver coins.
Design.
The coins are .999 fine silver or fine gold. On one side of the coin is a winged Victoria of Mexican Independence Victory Column in front of a landscape with the volcanoes Popocatépetl and Iztaccihuatl. The opposite side shows the coat of arms of Mexico.
The new version has the Winged Victoria in another angle, and the opposite side shows 
the coat of arms of Mexico surrounded by historical Mexican coats of arms.
The original design is based in Centenario gold Mexican coin.

</doc>
<doc id="20550453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550453" title="Ernst Steindorff">
Ernst Steindorff

Ernst Steindorff (June 15, 1839 – April 9, 1895) was a German historian who was a native of Flensburg.
He studied history at the Universities of Kiel, Göttingen and Berlin. In 1873 he was an associate professor of history at Göttingen, where in 1883 he became a full professor.
Steindorff is remembered as author of the two-volume "Jahrbücher des Deutschen Reichs unter Heinrich III" (Annals of the German Empire under Henry III) (1874-81). He also published the sixth edition of the Dahlmann-Waitz "Quellenkunde der Deutschen Geschichte".

</doc>
<doc id="20550463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550463" title="Clarence Horton Greene">
Clarence Horton Greene

Clarence Horton Greene (June 26, 1894 – October 22, 1961) was an American musician and recording artist, noted for his fiddle and guitar work, and a pioneer in country music of the 1920s.
Biography.
Greene was born in Cranberry Gap, North Carolina, United States. A naturally gifted musician, in his teens he played fiddle in the Greene Brothers String Band, which also featured his brother Baxter Greene on fiddle. Greene played with numerous musical ensembles in the mountains of Western North Carolina and Northeastern Tennessee, and once beat Jimmie Rodgers in a guitar-picking contest. According to Greene's fellow musician and musical contemporary, Walter Davis, both Greene and Davis advanced their prowess on guitar by observing itinerant country blues artist Blind Lemon Jefferson, who played on the streets of Johnson City, Tennessee, during the early 1920s. 
From 1927 through 1931, Greene recorded 28 songs released by 11 different record companies. He participated in the 1928 and 1929 Columbia Records’ field studio sessions in Johnson City conducted by Columbia producer Frank Walker and the 1928 Victor sessions hosted by Ralph Peer in Bristol, Tennessee. From the 1928 Columbia sessions emerged a regional hit song, "Johnson City Blues," in which Greene adapted Ida Cox's tune "Chattanooga Blues" to fit Johnson City. In that era, prior to copyrighting of songs, there was a “public domain” attitude toward songwriting with the artist’s style of the song being considered the original feature and not the lyrics. Greene was also present at the 1927 recording session in Atlanta when The Allen Brothers recorded "Chattanooga Blues". Greene's interpretation is closer in vocal style and tempo to the Ida Cox version with the exception that he replaces piano accompaniment with guitar. 
In 1929, Greene recorded again for Frank Walker in Johnson City with a group called Byrd Moore’s Hot Shots. This trio featured Byrd Moore (guitar, baritone vocal), Clarence "Tom" Ashley (guitar, lead vocal), and Clarence Greene (fiddle, tenor vocal). The mountain ballad, "Frankie Silvers", is the best known tune recorded by the Hot Shots in 1929. Tom Ashley's recording, "Coo Coo Bird", was also recorded at this session at which Greene did no solo recordings. 
In 1931, Greene recorded in New York City for the American Record Company with a group called the Blue Ridge Mountain Entertainers. This group included Greene (fiddle, vocals), Tom Ashley (guitar, vocals), Gwin Foster (guitar, harmonica), Walter Davis (guitar), and Will Abernathy (autoharp, harmonica). These sessions produced fifteen songs eventually released on seven other record labels than American: Conqueror, Romeo, Oriole, Banner, Vocalion, Perfect, and Melotone. 
While working in a variety of occupations from construction to mica mining, Greene continued to play music at square dances and local functions until the end of his life. He died on October 22, 1961, and is buried at Bear Creek Cemetery in Ledger, North Carolina. 
Greene was a talented musician and contemporary of Jimmie Rodgers, Blind Lemon Jefferson, the Allen Brothers and a host of America's first recording stars. Unfortunately for Greene there was not only a casual attitude toward musical lyrics then, as his last name was misspelled by Columbia on his recordings (a mistake perpetuated today on old-time music anthologies). Columbia released "Johnson City Blues" as performed by Clarence Green rather than the correct spelling of Greene, with the final “e.” For this reason, musical historians have been stumped in the quest for the true identity of the recording artist. Mike Seeger, among other artists, have recorded "Johnson City Blues".
References.
Notes.
Notes
^ Johnson's Depot: Old-Time Music Heritage 
^ "Walter Davis: Fist and Skull Banjo," by Wayne Erbsen, Bluegrass Unlimited: March 1981, 22-26

</doc>
<doc id="20550488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550488" title="Radiance (album)">
Radiance (album)

Radiance is a live solo piano album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 2006. It was recorded in concert in 2002 on October 27 in Osaka and October 30, in Tokyo.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "His process is immediate, poignant, and utterly engaging throughout and marks a new phase in his solo recordings that will spur great interest in any open-minded listener interested in improvisational music.".

</doc>
<doc id="20550533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550533" title="Fried Liver">
Fried Liver

Fried Liver or fried liver may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20550576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550576" title="List of Nabari no Ou chapters">
List of Nabari no Ou chapters

The chapters of the manga series "Nabari no Ou" are written and illustrated by Yuhki Kamatani and have been serialized in Square Enix's magazine "Monthly GFantasy" since its premiere in the June 2004 issue. The plot follows Miharu Rokujou, a fourteen-year-old student who becomes able to control creation because a secret art called the Shinra Banshou has merged with his body. He tries to escape those wishing to possess the Shinra Banshou by searching for a non-lethal way to remove it.
Since the series' premiere, over sixty chapters have been released in Japan. The individual chapters are published in "tankōbon" by Square Enix under their Gangan Comics imprint. The first volume was released on November 27, 2004 and as of December 9, 2009, twelve volumes have been released. The chapters were adapted into an anime series directed by Kunihisa Sugishima, and animated by J.C.Staff. It began airing in April 2008 and ended its run in September 2008.
On April 19, 2008 at New York Comic Con, Yen Press announced that they had licensed the manga for an English language release in North America. The publisher also serializes the series in the "Yen Plus" anthology magazine, the first issue of which was released on July 29, 2008 with five Square Enix titles, including "Nabari no Ou". The first collected volume of the series was released in May 2009 in North America, and as of October 2009, two volumes have been released. This series has been licensed in France by Asuka and in Taiwan by Sharp Point Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20550672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550672" title="Kevin Morgan (baseball)">
Kevin Morgan (baseball)

Kevin Lee Morgan is a former Major League Baseball player and current New York Mets executive. In , he had one at bat for the Mets, playing two innings in the field at third base. He is currently the Mets' Director of Minor League Operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20550679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550679" title="Dead Rabbits Riot">
Dead Rabbits Riot

The Dead Rabbits Riot was a two-day civil disturbance in New York City resulting from what was originally a small-scale street fight between members of the Dead Rabbits and the Bowery Boys into a citywide gang war which lasted from July 4–5, 1857. Taking advantage of the disorganized state of the city's police force, brought about by the conflict between the Municipal and Metropolitan police, the fighting would spiral into widespread looting and damage of property by gangsters and other criminals from all parts of the city. It is estimated that between 800 and 1,000 gang members took part in the riots, along with several hundred others who used the disturbance to loot the Bowery area. It was the largest disturbance since the Astor Place Riot in 1849, and the biggest scene of gang violence, unsurpassed until the New York Draft Riots of 1863. Order was restored only by the New York State Militia, supported by detachments of city police, under Major-General Charles W. Sandford.
The riot was a culmination of the gang violence between the Five Pointers and the Bowery gangs, fueled by the decade-long conflict between the Democratic-supported Tammany Hall and the nativist Know Nothing Party, dating as far back as the 1840s. It also caused serious and far-reaching political changes including the downfall of Captain Isaiah Rynders as a ward boss of the "Bloody Ould Sixth" in favor of John Morrissey.
During the next few years, between the time of the Dead Rabbits Riot and the New York Draft Riots, the power of the older "Paradise" and "Chatham Square" street gangs would decline and break up in the post-American Civil War era.
Events.
On the evening of July 4, 1857, while the rest of New York was celebrating Independence Day, members of the Dead Rabbits led a coalition of street gangs from the Five Points, with exception of the Roach Guards with whom they had been fighting, into The Bowery to raid a clubhouse occupied by the Bowery Boys and the Atlantic Guards. They were confronted outside the building by their rivals and were driven back after vicious street fighting, the Five Pointers retreating to Paradise Square. Some fighting continued as far away as Pearl and Chatham Streets, in the northern half of Park Row, but no police were dispatched. With the exception of a few nearby Metropolitan patrolmen, who were seriously injured, each police faction claimed the responsibility lay with the other. Police inactivity caused the situation to escalate in the next few hours.
The following morning, the Five Pointers returned to the Bowery with the Roach Guards and attacked the "Green Dragon", a popular Broome Street resort and meeting place for the Bowery Boys and other local criminals. They managed to surprise the Bowery gangsters inside the building and, armed with iron bars and large paving blocks, they proceeded to wreck the bar room, rip up the floor of the dance hall and drink all the alcohol in the place. News of the incident quickly reached the Bowery Boys, who then called upon other gangs of the Bowery to join them and confronted the Five Pointers at Bayard Street where one of the largest street gang battles in the city's history occurred.
At around 10:00 a.m., in the midst of savage fighting, a lone patrolman used his club to move through the gangsters in an attempt to take the ring leaders into custody. He was knocked down and attacked by the crowd however, stripped of his uniform and beaten with his own nightstick. He managed to crawl back to the sidewalk and, wearing only his cotton drawers, he ran towards the Metropolitan headquarters on White Street, where he informed the precinct of the fighting before he collapsed. A small police squad was sent out to break up the fighting but, upon reaching Centre Street, the gangs turned against the police, who were forced to retreat after several officers were injured. They made a second attempt, this time fighting their way into the mob, and arrested two men believed to be the leaders. The gangsters responded by storming into the low houses lining Bowery and Bayard Streets, forcing out the residents, and climbed to the rooftops where they proceeded to shower the Metropolitan officers with stones and brick bats until they fled from the area.
When the police left without their prisoners, the fighting stopped for a few moments. This temporary truce lasted only an hour or two as fighting resumed near The Tombs, supposedly brought about by a group of women from the Five Points who had provoked the Dead Rabbits into attacking the Bowery gangs. Bringing reinforcements with them, the participants were estimated at between 800–1,000 and armed with bludgeons, paving stones, brick bats, axes, pitchforks and other weapons. Several hundred other criminals also arrived in the area, mostly burglars and thieves, who were not affiliated with either side and simply took the opportunity for looting. Attacking homes and shops all along the Bowery as well as Bayard, Baxter, Mulberry and Elizabeth Streets, residents and store owners were forced to barricade their buildings and protect themselves with pistols and muskets.
Fighting continued until early afternoon when a larger police force arrived, sent by Police Commissioner Simeon Draper, and marched in close formation towards the mob. After hard fighting, they cleared the streets forcing both the Dead Rabbits and the Bowery Boys into the buildings and to the rooftops once again. The police followed the gangsters, using their clubs at every opportunity, and began arresting large numbers of men. Some refused to surrender to police such as one man who, while fighting police, fell off the roof of a Baxter Street tenement fracturing his skull. He was promptly killed by Bowery gangsters on the ground who stomped him to death. Two leaders of the Dead Rabbits were finally arrested by police, despite heavy resistance by gang members, who took them to a nearby police precinct followed by a group of Bowery Boys.
In spite of this, fighting resumed as soon as the police left. Barricades were set up with push carts and stones from which gangsters fired weapons, hurled bricks and used clubs against their enemies. One of these, a giant Dead Rabbit, stepped in front of his barricade used his pistol to kill two Bowery Boys and wound two others despite heavy fire. He was finally knocked unconscious by a small boy, whose brother was fighting with the Bowery Boys, crawling along the barricade and hitting him with a brick bat from behind.
The police returned to the area but were unable to re-enter, forced to retreat several times with heavy losses, and that evening called upon Captain Isaiah Rynders to use his influence to stop the battle. Rynders, then the political boss of the Sixth Ward, was long associated with the underworld and it was thought he could force them to stop. He agreed and, upon his arrival between 6:00–7:00 p.m., he addressed the gangsters from the barricades. Though he tried to reason with them by telling them the futility of fighting amongst themselves, they refused to listen, and Rynders was forced to escape in the company of his henchmen when the mob responded by throwing rocks at him. He then traveled to the Metropolitan Police Headquarters where he advised Draper to call in the military. Meanwhile, fires had been set to two or three houses while residents remained under siege by looters and thugs.
At around 9:00 p.m., the Eighth and the Seventy-First Regiments of the New York State Militia under Major-General Charles W. Sandford marched down White and Worth Streets with fixed bayonets. Accompanied by two police detachments of 75 men each, they moved ahead of the guardsmen clubbing gangsters and rioters. Although neither regiment was at full strength, their show of force was enough to panic the gangsters to flee back to their hideouts. The fighting ceased from then on, with 500 men remaining at the City Arsenal until 4:00 a.m., although police and national guardsmen continued to patrol the district for the rest of the night and into the next day.
Aftermath.
During the two-day rioting eight men were killed and between thirty to a hundred others injured, roughly half of these requiring to be hospitalized. It was believed that many gang members were carried off by their friends and, over the next few days, those who were killed in the fighting were buried in cellars, hidden passageways and other locations in the Five Points and Paradise Square. Indeed, many known "sluggers" from both sides were noticeably absent from the area following the riot. According to underworld legend, these sites would be used for secret burials by street gangs for the next several decades.
Afterwards, occasional violence against Bowery Boys who ventured into the Five Points was reported, although none of these attacks reached the levels seen during the riots. The most serious of these incidents occurred the day following the riot when a group of Bowery Boys fought members of the Kerryonians in Centre Street; however they were chased back to the Bowery and Chatham Square by the time police arrived. Sporadic fighting continued for another week, most being confined in German-American neighborhoods in the East Side and the East River by younger criminals emulating the Irish gangs. Many of the Five Points gangs, most notably the Dead Rabbits, resented the implications made by police and newspapers that they had been committing criminal acts. The gang went so far as to have the "New York Times" print a statement denying such claims.

</doc>
<doc id="20550685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550685" title="John Benda">
John Benda

John Benda (born July 9, 1947) is an American professional golfer playing on the European Seniors Tour.
Benda was born in Sheridan, Wyoming and currently resides in Phoenix, Arizona. His wife, Veronica, is a native of Chile, and they have no children.
Benda turned professional in 1971. He twice played in the The Open Championship (1979 and 1980) with his best finish being two strokes behind the third round cut in 1980 at Muirfield, Scotland.
In 2007, Benda enjoyed his best year competing on the European Seniors Tour. He was runner-up at the Sharp Italian Seniors Open in May, helped by his lowest ever senior round, a nine-under-par 63 in the second round, besting the course record set by Arnold Palmer, to collect his biggest prize: €15,000. A tied 13th finish at the Bad Ragaz PGA Seniors Open gave the American his next best result of the campaign. Ended in 59th spot on the Order of Merit in 2006 and just like in 2005, he returned to the Qualifying School to secure a conditional card. Spent much of his career playing in Asia and went on to become an administrator on the Asian and South American Tours, before focusing on playing senior golf.
Tournament wins (2).
"this list may be incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="20550717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550717" title="Pierre Brochand">
Pierre Brochand

Pierre Brochand (born 4 July 1941 in Cannes) is a former director of the French Directorate-General for External Security (DGSE). He was previously a diplomat. He was a witness to Operation Frequent Wind and the Fall of Saigon in April 1975 at the end of the Vietnam War.
Alumnus of the École nationale d'administration (ENA), he is also a graduate of the École des Hautes Études Commerciales (HEC). 
Family.
He is the brother of Bernard Brochand, currently UMP deputy-mayor of Cannes. Pierre Brochand is married with three children. He is a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour and Officer of the Order of Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20550726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550726" title="Yuanzhou District, Guyuan">
Yuanzhou District, Guyuan

Yuanzhou District (), formerly Guyuan County () is a district under the administration of Guyuan City in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 3914 square kilometers, and a population of 510,000 people.
Characteristics.
Yuanzhou District administers eight towns, six townships, and one office. It is the economic, political, and transportation center of Guyuan. Although the district is located in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the proportion of Hui residents is actually smaller than the proportion of Han Chinese. 80 percent of the district's residents are farmers. The district government is located on Government Street, and the district's postal code is 756000.

</doc>
<doc id="20550730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550730" title="Toto of Nepi">
Toto of Nepi

Toto (died 29 July 768) was the self-styled duke of Nepi, the leading magnate of Etruria, who staged a "coup d'état" in Rome in 767. He became Duke of Rome for a year until his death. The principal sources documenting his takeover are the "vita" of Pope Stephen III in the "Liber Pontificalis" and a surviving deposition of the "primicerius" Christopher from 769, preserved in a ninth-century manuscript of Verona, the "Depositio Christophori".
Origins.
Toto's origins are obscure. His name is Germanic, probably Lombard, but Nepi lay within the Duchy of Rome on the frontier with the Duchy of Tuscia. The "Liber Pontificalis" calls him "Toto quidam dux, Nepesinae civitatis dudum habitator", a certain duke long resident at Nepi. The "Depositio Christophori" refers to him as "quidam Nempesini oppidi ortus, Toto nomine", a man born in the fortress of Nepi, Toto by name. Thomas Hodgkin refers to him as a "citizen of doubtful nationality ... who had by means unknown to us acquired the dignity of a dukedom", meaning a Roman citizen, but a native and resident of Nepi, who employed the title "dux", but with or without legal justification is uncertain.
Seizure of power in Rome.
In 767 Pope Paul I fell ill. Toto, with his brothers Constantine, Passivus (Passibo) and Paschal, gathered a large army from Nepi, the other Etrurian towns, and the "rustici" or "contadini" (agricultural levy), and entered Rome by the gate of Saint Pancras (San Pancrazio). He then settled down in his townhouse to wait things out, intending probably to influence the election of a papal successor. The "primicerius" Christopher drew an oath from Toto that he would not interfere in the coming election, but when Paul died on 28 June, he seized the Lateran Palace and declared his lay brother Constantine pope. The following day, George of Palestrina, the "vicedominus", who was in the palace at the time of the coup, was forced to ordain Constantine a subdeacon and deacon in the chapel of Saint Lawrence. The population of Rome was ordered to swear allegiance to Constantine and, six days later, he was consecrated bishop by George, Eustratius of Albano, and Citonatus of Porto.
Christopher and his son Sergius, the "sacellarius", avoided swearing loyalty to the new pope. Threatened in their home by a notary named Constantine, they took refuge in the Basilica of Saint Peter. A relative (or possibly friend) of theirs, the old duke of Rome, Gregory, then living in Campania, was murdered; but despite the threats the two remained safe in Saint Peter's. They eventually offered to become monks at San Salvatore in Rieti not far from Rome; Pope Constantine met them in the Basilica and agreed to their safe conduct from the city after Easter (which they would be allowed to celebrate in the city under house arrest). Once the two entered the Lombard Kingdom they went to Theodicius, Duke of Spoleto, and begged his help. He escorted them to King Desiderius in Pavia. Desiderius appointed as his representative a priest named Waldipert. In July 768 Sergius began recruiting troops in the Sabine area, while Waldipert recruited in the region of Furcone and Rieti and in the duchy of Spoleto. On 29 July the bridge over the Aniene was taken, then the Ponte Milvio, and finally they arrived at the Saint Pancras gate of Rome itself, which their allies in the city opened to them. They encamped on the Gianiculo, uncertain of popular feeling.
Toto and his brother Passivus, with the papal "secundicerius" Demetrius and the "chartularius" Gratiosus, marched to the gate to intercept them. A small battle took place at the foot of the Gianiculo. After the famous Lombard warrior Racipert was killed in a confrontation with Toto, the Lombard troops retreated. At this moment the Roman and papal officers Demetrius and Gratiosus, who had been in contact with the Lombards' and Sergius's allies in the city, stabbed Toto from behind with their lances, killing him. Passivus escaped to the Lateran, and he and Constantine fled to the security of San Cesario with bishop Theodore of Palestrina. They were soon arrested by the urban militia.
Legacy.
Toto had made no attempt to overthrow the papal bureaucracy or replace the leaders of the urban militia, but besides naming himself duke, he appointed an ally, Gracilis, to be tribune of Alatri. After Rome was retaken by Christopher and Sergius with Lombard aid, military contingents had to be sent into the countryside and the Campania to quell the vestiges of Toto's revolt. Gracilis suffered imprisonment at Roman hands.
Toto's seizure of power marks the first indication that the military aristocracy believed that supreme power in Rome rested with the papal office. Immediately after securing the papacy, Constantine and Toto sent a letter to Pepin the Short, King of the Franks, requesting the continuation of their friendship, but he got no response. In allowing Christopher and Sergius to leave Rome freely, Constantine and Toto may have been relying on expected Frankish support, or on the past antipathy between the Romans and the Lombards to prevent a Lombard alliance against them.
The events of 767–8 prompted a synod of forty-nine bishops, including twelve from Francia, to meet on 12 August 769. Predictably, the synod condemned Constantine and his election. It also closed the papacy to all but a select few clergymen and limited the papal electorate to the clergy, excluding even the Roman laity.

</doc>
<doc id="20550772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550772" title="Evidence">
Evidence

Evidence, broadly construed, is anything presented in support of an assertion. This support may be strong or weak. The strongest type of evidence is that which provides direct proof of the truth of an assertion. At the other extreme is evidence that is merely consistent with an assertion but does not rule out other, contradictory assertions, as in circumstantial evidence.
In law, rules of evidence govern the types of evidence that are admissible in a legal proceeding, as well as the quality and quantity of evidence that are necessary to fulfil the legal burden of proof. Types of legal evidence include testimony, documentary evidence, and physical evidence.
Scientific evidence consists of observations and experimental results that serve to support, refute, or modify a scientific hypothesis or theory, when collected and interpreted in accordance with the scientific method.
In philosophy, the study of evidence is closely tied to epistemology, which considers the nature of knowledge and how it can be acquired.
Burden of proof.
The "burden of proof" is the obligation of a party in an argument or dispute to provide sufficient evidence to shift the other party's or a third party's belief from their initial position. The burden of proof must be fulfilled by both establishing confirming evidence and negating oppositional evidence. Conclusions drawn from evidence may be subject to criticism based on a perceived failure to fulfil the burden of proof.
Two principle considerations are:
The latter question depends on the nature of the point under contention and determines the quantity and quality of evidence required to meet the burden of proof.
In a criminal trial in the United States, for example, the prosecution carries the burden of proof since the defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. Similarly, in most civil procedures, the plaintiff carries the burden of proof and must convince a judge or jury that the preponderance of the evidence is on their side. Other legal standards of proof include "reasonable suspicion", "probable cause" (as for arrest), ""prima facie" evidence", "credible evidence", "substantial evidence", and "clear and convincing evidence".
In a philosophical debate, there is an implicit burden of proof on the party asserting a claim, since the default position is generally one of neutrality or unbelief. Each party in a debate will therefore carry the burden of proof for any assertion they make in the argument, although some assertions may be granted by the other party without further evidence. If the debate is set up as a resolution to be supported by one side and refuted by another, the overall burden of proof is on the side supporting the resolution.
Scots Law.
An important part of the Law of evidence is that of corroboration in Scots law. This is a vital element of the law to protect the accused from unjustly being convicted. Each essential fact (facta probandum ) of a case must be corroborated by two independent pieces of evidence and one witness alone cannot corroborate an essential fact, it must be corroborated by a second independent source. Essential facts are those listed in the indictment and used to charge the accused and the sources of evidence come in many forms, such as documentary, DNA, forensic and report evidence or from a scientist or forensic pathologist.
Corroboration will normally include direct evident, such as an eye witness and could include circumstantial evidence, which is evidence that has a relationship to the crime and can assist in 'proving' the essential fact also known as indirect evidence. Two pieces of indirect evidence which both relate to the same incident, may mean that direct evidence is not required, this is known as evidential facts and they do not require corroboration. 
The essential facts will vary with each case and the complainer is likely to lose, if an essential fact which is vital to their case cannot be proven.
Evidence in science.
In scientific research evidence is accumulated through observations of phenomena that occur in the natural world, or which are created as experiments in a laboratory or other controlled conditions. Scientific evidence usually goes towards supporting or rejecting a hypothesis.
One must always remember that the burden of proof is on the person making a contentious claim. Within science, this translates to the burden resting on presenters of a paper, in which the presenters argue for their specific findings. This paper is placed before a panel of judges where the presenter must defend the thesis against all challenges.
When evidence is contradictory to predicted expectations, the evidence and the ways of making it are often closely scrutinized (see experimenter's regress) and only at the end of this process is the hypothesis rejected: this can be referred to as 'refutation of the hypothesis'. The rules for evidence used by science are collected systematically in an attempt to avoid the bias inherent to anecdotal evidence.
Evidence in law.
Evidence forms the very foundation of any legal system, without which law would be subject to the whims of those with power.
In law, the production and presentation of evidence depends first on establishing on whom the burden of proof lies. Admissible evidence is that which a court receives and considers for the purposes of deciding a particular case. Two primary burden-of-proof considerations exist in law. The first is on whom the burden rests. In many, especially Western, courts, the burden of proof is placed on the prosecution. The second consideration is the degree of certitude proof must reach, depending on both the quantity and quality of evidence. These degrees are different for criminal and civil cases, the former requiring evidence beyond a reasonable doubt, the latter considering only which side has the preponderance of evidence, or whether the proposition is more likely true or false. The decision maker, often a jury, but sometimes a judge, decides whether the burden of proof has been fulfilled.
After deciding who will carry the burden of proof, evidence is first gathered and then presented before the court:
Gathering evidence.
In criminal investigation, rather than attempting to prove an abstract or hypothetical point, the evidence gatherers attempt to determine who is responsible for a criminal act. The focus of criminal evidence is to connect physical evidence and reports of witnesses to a specific person.
Evidence before the court.
Presenting evidence before the court differs from the gathering of evidence in important ways. Gathering evidence may take many forms; presenting evidence that tend to prove or disprove the point at issue is strictly governed by rules. Failure to follow these rules leads to any number of consequences. In law, certain policies allow (or require) evidence to be excluded from consideration based either on indicia relating to reliability, or broader social concerns. Testimony (which tells) and exhibits (which show) are the two main categories of evidence presented at a trial or hearing. In the United States, evidence in federal court is admitted or excluded under the Federal Rules of Evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="20550798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550798" title="The English Assassin">
The English Assassin

The English Assassin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20550801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550801" title="La Scala (album)">
La Scala (album)

La Scala is a live solo piano album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1997. It was recorded in concert on February 13, 1995 at the Teatro alla Scala in Milano, Italy.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music overall develops slowly but always holds one's interest, reinforcing one's viewpoint of Keith Jarrett as one of the top pianists of the 1980s and '90s.".
Musicological notes.
Probably not without a sense of irony to the setting of this recording, Part 1 climaxes into a sheer citation of the famous aria Nessun Dorma from the opera Turandot by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.

</doc>
<doc id="20550868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550868" title="List of operas and operettas by Lehár">
List of operas and operettas by Lehár

This is a complete list of the operas and operettas of the Austro-Hungarian composer Franz Lehár (1870–1948).

</doc>
<doc id="20550875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550875" title="Lou Perini">
Lou Perini

Louis R. Perini (born November 29, 1903 in Ashland, Massachusetts - died April 16, 1972 in West Palm Beach, Florida) was the principal owner of the Boston/Milwaukee Braves of the National League from through . In 1945, he purchased the club from Bob Quinn, and he moved the club to Milwaukee, Wisconsin for the season after complaining of poor attendance and revenue in Boston. In 1961, he sold the franchise to William Bartholomay who later moved the franchise to Atlanta, Georgia. Prior to owning the Braves, Perini gained his fortune in his family's construction business, Perini Corp.

</doc>
<doc id="20550888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550888" title="Xiji County">
Xiji County

Xiji County () is a county under the administration of Guyuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 3985 square kilometers, and a population of 480,800 people, including 263,000 Hui people.
Characteristics.
Xiji County is an agricultural county, and its main product are wheat, pea, potatoes, buckwheat, vegetables. Common vegetables grown include cabbage, Chinese cabbage, celery, tomatoes, chili peppers, cucumbers, garlic, and melons. The county government is located in the town of Jiqiang, and the district's postal code is 756200.

</doc>
<doc id="20550898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550898" title="Mauricio Manzano">
Mauricio Manzano

José Mauricio Manzano López (born 30 September 1943 in San Salvador) is a retired football player from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico.
International career.
Manzano has represented his country in youth team selections and the senior team in 5 FIFA World Cup qualification matches as well as in one game at the 1970 FIFA World Cup Finals. He was injured in the first half of that latter match against Belgium, missing the other group games as a consequence.
Retirement.
After retiring as a player, Manzano left the capital for the countryside to work as an agricultural engineer for the Ministry of Agriculture. On his return to San Salvador, he picked up football again as a coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20550984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550984" title="Dark Intervals">
Dark Intervals

Dark Intervals is a live solo piano album by American pianist Keith Jarrett recorded in concert on April 11, 1987 in Tokyo's Suntory Hall and released on the ECM label in 1988.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 3 stars and states that "it sounds like a formal recital of individual compositions [...] Keith is often in an introspective, even dark mood [...] The Jarrett devotee will want this; others should use caution". A review in the "New York Times" called Jarrett's playing on this album "more spare and austere than on his 1975 solo masterpiece "The Köln Concert"." 

</doc>
<doc id="20550988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550988" title="The English Assassin (Daniel Silva novel)">
The English Assassin (Daniel Silva novel)

The English Assassin is a spy novel by Daniel Silva, published in 2002.
It is the second in the Gabriel Allon series.
Plot Summary.
Art restorer, Gabriel Allon, who also works part-time for 'The Office', a semi-official Israeli intelligence agency, accepts an assignment from an anonymous Zurich banker. Arriving at his villa, he finds the man’s murdered body. He flees the crime scene, but is arrested as he tries to leave the country. He is interrogated by Gerhardt Peterson, of Switzerland’s internal security department, who accuse him of the murder of the deceased banker, Augustus Rolfe. But news of Gabriel’s imprisonment has reached Israel, and Ari Shamron, Director of 'The Office', secures Gabriel’s release. He reveals that Rolfe had expressed the desire to personally meet an agent from The Office to give them important information.
Gabriel travels to Portugal to meet Anna Rolfe, the estranged daughter of Augustus. She is a world-renowned violinist who lives in seclusion as she recovers from a major accident. She confesses that, unbeknownst to Swiss police, her father’s assassin also stole his private art collection. Although Anna staunchly defends the provenance of those valuable paintings, Gabriel suspects that they were underhandedly acquired during World War II. Anna further adds that the Rolfe family’s home and art collection were guarded by an elaborate security system designed by art dealer Werner Müller. Gabriel determines to meet Müller.
It is revealed that Peterson takes orders from the 'Council of Rütli', a secretive elite group of Swiss businessmen and bankers determined to protect the reputation of Switzerland and its (often stolen) riches. Otto Gessler, the highly secretive leader of the Council (whom Peterson has never seen), instructs Peterson to cut all links to the case—and to begin by killing Rolfe’s art agent Werner Müller. Peterson contacts Don Orsati, a Corsican leader of organized crime, who assigns his best agent, the mysterious Englishman Christopher Keller, to fill Peterson’s order.
Keller began his career in the SAS, and actually visited Israel, where he studied combat and intelligence techniques from members of the Office, including Allon. He was posted as ‘missing believed killed’ after a mission in Iraq, but in fact survived and became a freelance assassin, reaping a comfortable lifestyle. He lives in a Corsican village, becoming something of an adopted kinsman to the Orsati family and its self-proclaimed role as the arbitrators of justice.
Keller is instructed to bomb Müller’s art store. Gabriel, who is visiting the store flees moments before the bomb detonates. He suffers substantial damage to his hands but escapes the crime scene unnoticed. Müller’s death confirms that the missing art collection is the key to understanding Rolfe’s murder.
Gabriel returns to England to plumb art dealer Julian Isherwood’s extensive knowledge of the pillage of Jewish-owned art during the Second World War. Isherwood has first-hand knowledge of this topic since his father was an art dealer in Paris whose art works were also stolen. He warns that Swiss law protects its collectors who purportedly bought the art “in good faith” and have owned it for five years.
Isherwood refers Gabriel to the exiled Swiss Emil Jacobi, a historian, writer, and 'whistle blower' who contests the morality of Switzerland’s acquisition and ownership of “looted” art. Jacobi confirms Isherwood's story and further accuses Rolfe of performing various services to the Nazi regime. He even conjectures that Rolfe allowed Jews to deposit their money in his bank and then turned over their information to the Gestapo. Jacobi relates that it was not uncommon for Nazi leaders to reward such informants with valuable property, including art. This seals Gabriel’s resolve to research the provenance of Rolfe’s art collection.
Anna admits that the provenance documents are in her father’s desk. Gabriel returns to Zurich and discovers photographs of Rolfe with Nazi leaders Heinrich Himmler, Hermann Göring, and Adolf Hitler. Along with the pictures are bank account numbers and German names. He manages to escape with the documents and escapes with Anna. The latter now learns the truth about her father’s suspicious activities—as well as her mother’s suicide years earlier.
They return to Zurich, and manage to locate the bank that holds the security boxes. With the account number, they access two boxes. One contains a letter from Rolfe, anticipating his murder and explaining his guilt and his wish to return each painting to its rightful owner. The second box contains sixteen additional paintings, which they return to London. It emerges that one painting belonged to Julian Isherwood’s father.
Anna is determined to accept a ‘come-back’ engagement to play in Venice. Gabriel and a specialist team guard her in case of an assassination attempt. The Englishman manages to evade the guards, but then deliberately does not carry out his assignment.
Gabriel’s team kidnaps Gerhardt Peterson, and Gabriel brutally questions him about the activities of the Council. It emerges that Peterson had coordinated both Gabriel and Anna’s planned murders, but Keller decided that he was killing for the wrong team. Gessler spearheaded the plan to murder Rolfe and steal his incriminating artwork. Gabriel determines to ask Gessler to exchange the confiscated art in return for its monetary value, but Peterson expresses scepticism that a wealthy man could be bribed with more money. The two journey to Gessler’s luxurious and highly secure property, where Peterson turns on and imprisons Gabriel. After sustained beatings, Gessler takes him on a tour of his own private art collection—a vast museum housing hundreds of great paintings. The collection is ironic in that Gessler is blind; his satisfaction does not come from admiring the artwork but rather from possessing it. Gessler tells Gabriel to give up his quest, for Swiss law will never expose its own citizens. As the Council contemplates Gabriel’s murder, Peterson cites his conscience and family’s honour as his motivation for helping him to escape.
Several months later, Gabriel, still recovering from injuries sustained during his escape, has returned to his work at his home in Cornwall. Anna Rolfe has returned to her career as a violinist. Shamron decides that Gabriel should spend the next year as Anna’s security detail.
Keller returns to Corsica to explain why he failed to assassinate Gabriel and Anna. He calls upon the Orsati family’s long-standing tradition of honour killing and states that justice demands the life of Otto Gessler, not Gabriel or Anna. Orsati worries that Keller will not enjoy Gabriel’s lucky escape, but Keller insists that he is now a better agent than Gabriel. Indeed, Keller does breach Gessler’s security, fatally stabs him, and departs unscathed. Peterson is also found dead as a result of an ‘accident’
Background.
According to an interview with Silva, Gabriel Allon was initially to be "a 'one off' character." Beyond being "too melancholy and withdrawn" his nationality and religion were the biggest concern.
Critical reception.
"Publishers Weekly" called "The English Assassin" a "superbly crafted thriller." However, other reviews were less glowing. Thom Geier writing for "Entertainment Weekly" gave the novel a "C" rating. Geier noted that "Silva's plotting is as sophisticated as paint-by-numbers" and that his novel suffers from "sloppily written descriptions." Critic Michael Harris of the "Los Angeles Times" cited the lack of character development as an example of "how Silva's work has declined since his notable debut" and described the character of Gabriel Allon as "a robot who, when shot or stabbed, is as likely to leak hydraulic fluid as blood."
Sources.
Silva, Daniel. "The English Assassin". Signet: 2003, 416 pages.
International titles.
Portuguese: "O Assassino Inglês". ("The English Assassin"). (2009). ISBN 9789722518574

</doc>
<doc id="20551003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551003" title="Red Davis">
Red Davis

John Humphrey "Red" Davis (July 15, 1915 – April 26, 2002) was an American third baseman in Major League Baseball and a longtime manager in the minor leagues. Born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, Davis threw and batted right-handed, stood 5'11" (180 cm) tall and weighed 172 pounds (78 kg).
Davis' major league career consisted of 21 games and 70 at bats during September 1941 as a member of the New York Giants. He collected 15 hits, with three doubles and five runs batted in, for a batting average of .214.
Davis made a more indelible imprint as a minor league skipper, logging 27 years (1949–72; 1974–76) in the farm systems of the Giants, Cincinnati Reds, Cleveland Indians and Pittsburgh Pirates, and working at all levels of the minors. He managed at Triple-A with the Minneapolis Millers, Phoenix/Tacoma Giants, Buffalo Bisons, Portland Beavers, Charleston Charlies and Oklahoma City 89ers. His teams won 1,993 games, losing 1,927 (.508) with four league championships.
He died in Laurel, Mississippi, at age 86.

</doc>
<doc id="20551015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551015" title="Dark Reign (comics)">
Dark Reign (comics)

"Dark Reign" is a 2008–2009 comic book branding used by Marvel Comics. It deals with the aftermath of the "Secret Invasion" storyline, which led to a shift of power in the Marvel Universe toward Norman Osborn. The title "Dark Reign" refers to Osborn's rise to national power and the ramifications thereof. Joe Quesada, then-editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics, stated that "Dark Reign" is not really "an event; it's what's happening in the Marvel Universe." He believes that "'Dark Reign' leads to an interesting place in the Marvel Universe. I think you'll see a pulling back at the end of 'Dark Reign', but you'll understand at the end of it what we were trying to get to."
Publication history.
The "Dark Reign" storyline began with the release of the "Secret Invasion: Dark Reign" one-shot, written by Brian Michael Bendis and with art by Alex Maleev, in December 2008. It then continued in a number of standalone mini-series and some individual issues of ongoing Marvel Comics titles throughout 2009. Selected ongoing Marvel titles were temporarily renamed to highlight their involvement in the event.
Initial promotional images for the storyline included a series of "We Lost, They Won" images showing a severed robotic head of Iron Man, Emma Frost holding Cyclops's blood-covered visor, the second Captain America bowing to Norman Osborn's Iron Patriot form, Daken's Wolverine form looking down, Thor motionless on Loki's female form, Venom's Spider-Man appearance defeating Spider-Man, Henry Pym's Wasp alias (with Wasp's picture in the background), and the Green Goblin (which quotes that "He won").
There is no core limited series as there was in the preceding "Secret Invasion" event. Instead, the storyline is made up of one-shots that help fill in the gaps, limited series exploring the effect of the event on teams and individuals, as well as tie-ins with other ongoing series. The main storyline led into the 2010 "Siege" crossover event, although some plot elements are ongoing.
Plot.
Following the Skrull invasion of Earth during "Secret Invasion", Norman Osborn leveraged his success in defeating the Skrulls to replace Tony Stark as director of S.H.I.E.L.D. Deadpool played a large part in this, as he was supposed to send the information on how to kill the Skrull Queen to Nick Fury. An error occurred during the process and the information went to Osborn, suggesting subterfuge on Osborn's part. Osborn killed the queen and became the director of S.H.I.E.L.D., which he replaced with H.A.M.M.E.R. Osborn simultaneously formed an alliance called the Cabal with Doctor Doom, Emma Frost, Namor, Loki, and the Hood. He used H.A.M.M.E.R. to carry out his own agenda and, at times, the Cabal's. However, Osborn's actions and his reputation influenced a number of heroes and villains to attempt to resist Osborn's rule and remove him from power, by force if necessary.
One-shots.
There are a number of one-shots which helped the transition from "Secret Invasion" and filled in other details behind the main storyline.
"Dark Reign: The Cabal".
Written by Rick Remender, Jonathan Hickman, Matt Fraction, Kieron Gillen, and Peter Milligan, this one-shot features five vignettes that provide further information about the motivations of the members of the Cabal.
It is reprinted in the "Siege Prelude" trade paperback.
"Dark Reign: Made Men".
Written by Frank Tieri, this one-shot features vignettes that explore the impact of Osborn's rise, such as Attuma's resurrection, the appearance of the new Enforcer, the return of the original Spymaster, and the appearance of a new Jack O'Lantern.
"Dark Reign: New Nation".
It kicks off ongoing series Secret Warriors, Agents of Atlas and War Machine and Limited Series Skrull Kill Krew and New Avengers The Reunion.
"Dark Reign: Goblin Legacy".
It saw Victoria Hand collecting info about Norman Osborn Past.
"M.O.D.O.K.: Reign Delay".
This story was written and drawn by Ryan Dunlavey and shows M.O.D.O.K.'s attempt to take over his home town Erie, Pennsylvania. It was serialized on Marvel Digital Comics before being collected as a one-shot.
Other one-shots released were Captain America Who Will Wield the Shield, Dark Avengers/Uncanny X-Men: Exodus, Dark Avengers/Uncanny X-Men: Utopia, Dark X-Men: The Confession, Secret Invasion Dark Reign, Secret Invasion Requeim, Free Comic Book Day Avengers, Planet Skaar, Thor Defining Moments and Uncanny M-men Annual 2.
Ongoing titles.
Dark Reign has been used as a springboard to launch these ongoing series.
"Agents of Atlas".
The Agents of Atlas decide to oppose Osborn's agenda by taking on the role of "supervillains". Their first act is to attack Fort Knox and steal the gold reserve, which Osborn planned on using to finance a secret weapons system.
"Black Panther".
Prince Namor, the Sub-Mariner, attempts to recruit T'Challa for the Cabal, a secret council of supervillains. Attacked by the forces of fellow Cabal member Doctor Doom, T'Challa is left comatose. His sister Shuri is trained as the next Panther, with the mantle passing onto her officially after T'Challa awakens from his coma and attempts to recover from his injuries.This then lead to Doomwar.
"Dark Avengers".
Written by Brian Bendis, the series chronicles the aftermath of the U.S. government's disbanding of the federally sanctioned superhero team, the Avengers, and its reconstruction under the control of Norman Osborn. Their first mission was to save Doctor Doom and Latveria from Morgan le Fay.
"Punisher".
Marvel relaunched The Punisher War Journal in 2009 as simply Punisher, with a thematic link tied to the events of the "Dark Reign" storyline. It sees Punisher as he wants to kill Norman Osborn once and for all but Goblin sends his cabal member Hood against Punisher.Punisher then went against Hood's gang but little did he knew that he would have date with the dead one's also.
"Secret Warriors".
This series, co-plotted by Brian Bendis with Jonathan Hickman writing, was launched as part of the "Dark Reign" storyline. Following their introduction in the "Secret Invasion" tie-in issues of "The Mighty Avengers", Fury and the Secret Warriors discover that S.H.I.E.L.D. has been controlled by HYDRA since its creation, and set out to defeat both HYDRA and Norman Osborn's H.A.M.M.E.R.
"Spider Woman".
Feeling like the most screwed over person on Earth due to Veranke's actions, Jessica is approached to join S.W.O.R.D. by Abigail Brand, which she accepts. Her first mission takes her to Madripoor where she takes on a Skrull posing as Spider-Man. After run-ins with HYDRA, another Skrull, and the new Thunderbolts, Jessica eventually finds a wayward Skrull and she takes it down with the help of her teammates in the New Avengers. After the mission is over, Brand offers her different, new opportunities within S.W.O.R.D
"S.W.O.R.D".
Henry Peter Gyrich is being assigned as S.W.O.R.D. co-commander alongside Abigail Brand. Gyrich is able to persuade the heads of S.W.O.R.D. to pass legislation to have all aliens currently living on Earth deported from the planet while Brand was distracted with another mission. He manages to take several notable aliens into custody including Noh-Varr, Adam X, Beta Ray Bill, Jazinda, Karolina Dean, and Hepzibah.
"Vengeance of Moon Knight".
Moon Knight returns to New York after faking his death with Jake Lockley as his dominant personality, but still struggles against his violent nature and is hounded by Khonshu in the form of a small imaginary tormentor resembling a man in the Moon Knight costume with a bird skull who goads him to kill.
"War Machine".
It saw Rhodes take down Global Terrorism and then attacking an Army Base.
These series were released before dark reign but tied heavily into this.
"The Amazing Spider-Man".
"The Amazing Spider-Man" #595-599
"Deadpool" and the "Thunderbolts".
During "Secret Invasion", Osborn steals information that Deadpool had stolen from the Skrulls. The story "How Low Can You Go?" deals with the fallout from that, as writer Daniel Way explains: "The first thing Osborn does to try and take care of the situation is to bring in a hired gun to take Deadpool down, which would be Tiger-Shark. That would be the standard thing to do, but of course everything about Deadpool is non-standard. So it goes completely awry and Norman has to get more serious about things." The story also sees the return of Bob, Agent of HYDRA. "I don't want the book to become 'Deadpool and Friends', so characters will drift in and out, but Bob was someone I definitely wanted to bring in. It just had to be at the perfect moment and when I was putting this storyline together that moment presented itself." This all leads directly to a confrontation with the new Thunderbolts team (now composed of black ops mercenaries) in "Magnum Opus", which crosses over between "Deadpool" (vol. 2) #8–9 and "Thunderbolts" #130–131. According to "Thunderbolts" writer Andy Diggle, "It's a natural progression for Deadpool to go after Norman, and for Norman to send his personal hit-squad after Deadpool." In "Deadpool" (vol. 2) #10, Osborn discovers that the Thunderbolts failed to kill Deadpool, so he sends Bullseye, posing as Hawkeye, to kill him. However, Bullseye also fails twice, and then pays Deadpool the money Osborn owed so his life would be spared. The Thunderbolts recruit several new members as assassins, including Nuke, Ant-Man, and Grizzly.
"Ms. Marvel".
Refusing to serve under Osborn, Ms. Marvel flees Avengers Tower and joins the New Avengers, becoming second-in-command. Osborn appoints former Thunderbolt member Moonstone (Karla Sofen) as the "new" Ms. Marvel to his Dark Avengers team; Moonstone wears a variation of Ms. Marvel's original costume. Osborn engineers a battle that results in Danvers' powers overloading, causing her apparent death. The character Moonstone takes over the title role in the ongoing Ms. Marvel series. Carol Danvers returns with the aid of the New Avengers, a group of MODOK embryos (creations of the organization Advanced Idea Mechanics ), and a character known as the "Storyteller" and reclaims the title of Ms. Marvel from Karla Sofen.
Limited series.
There are a number of "Dark Reign" limited series looking at the impact of the storyline on specific characters and groups.
"All-New Savage She-Hulk".
Following the failed assassination attempt during which a key component of the male genetic birthing matrix—stolen to replace an identical component of the Femizon's matrix—is destroyed, Lyra is dispatched back in time to the era of Dark Reign on Earth-616 in a last-ditch attempt to prevent the extinction of her people.
"Captain America : Reborn".
A six-issue limited series.
"Dark Avengers : Ares".
This saw Ares training H.A.M.M.E.R agents and then tackling some enemies from the past, even his son.
"Dark Reign: Elektra".
A five-issue limited series written by Zeb Wells with artwork by Clay Mann, the series explores the reaction of the world to the return of Elektra in the aftermath of the "Secret Invasion".
"Dark Reign: Fantastic Four".
A five-issue limited series, written by Jonathan Hickman, explores the impact of an assault by H.A.M.M.E.R. on the Baxter Building and the team it houses.
"Dark Reign: Hawkeye".
Written by Andy Diggle and drawn by Tom Raney, this five-issue limited series follows the adventures of Bullseye in his identity as Dark Avengers member Hawkeye. The writer notes that the premise of the series is, "What happens when you hide that behind a hero mask? And what happens when the public is only allowed to see the hero mask, and not the monster behind it?"
"Dark Reign: Lethal Legion".
Written by Frank Tieri with art by Mateus Santolouco, the story shows Grim Reaper assembling a new Lethal Legion to combat Osborn and his rule. Writer Tieri notes that, "They don't care who's in charge. They don't trust Norman, and they're not buying his talk. Not for a minute. Obviously that will bring them into conflict with Norman and the Dark Avengers."
"Dark Reign: Mister Negative".
A three-issue mini-series written by Fred Van Lente about a gang-war between Cabal member The Hood and Spider-Man foe Mister Negative. The series reveals more about the character, something creator Dan Slott had planned. Van Lente says, "One of the major subplots of the book is Betty Brant, who in the 'New Ways to Die' arc of "The Amazing Spider-Man" was assigned the job of digging up as much dirt as she possibly could on Martin Li... She's continuing that investigation in the "Mister Negative" series and inadvertently digs closer and closer to his actual origin and her life will be put in jeopardy as a result."
"Dark Reign: The Hood".
A five-issue mini-series which details the actions of Hood and the entity possessing the Hood.It shows that Hood has also weakness in the form of his family and how he will do anything to keep their presence secret and also further reveals about Hood.
"Dark Reign: The Sinister Spider-Man".
A four-issue mini-series by writer Brian Reed and artist Chris Bachalo. On the genesis of the series, the writer notes, "The whole Marvel Universe thinks Spider-Man is living in Avengers Tower, when it's really Mac Gargan, who has a long history as a sociopath."
"Dark Reign: Young Avengers".
A five-issue mini-series by writer Paul Cornell and artist Mark Brooks, offered to Cornell based on the strength of his previous "Young Avengers Presents" story, which focused on Vision and Stature.
Following the events in "Secret Invasion", the Young Avengers team heals the splits caused by the "Civil War", but find themselves fighting an even younger team. According to Cornell, "This is a story about what happens when the next generation come along, and suddenly you aren't the new young thing... There's this group of new super heroes (?) who call themselves the Young Masters. They're young rebels on the run from the establishment, feared and hated by a world they've sworn to protect." This team is made up of Melter II, Enchantress II, Executioner II, Big Zero, Coat of Arms, and Egghead II. Cornell said, "This is about what happens when a bunch of kids follow Osborn's lead, decide the world is hard and needs hard heroes."
"Dark Reign: Zodiac".
A three-issue mini-series by Joe Casey and Nathan Fox. The series follows the adventures of a villain known as Zodiac (who kills the members of the criminal organization of the same name) and gathers a group of villains around him to take on Norman Osborn.
"Dark X-Men : The Beginning & Dark X-Men".
It details the story of Dark X-Men members and how they come to join this team and then even also saw the return of X-Man to Marvel Universe.
"Doctor Voodoo : Avenger of the Supernatural".
A five-issue limited series.It show how Doctor Voodoo faces the consequences of becoming Sorcerer Supreme and also took down Nightmare.
"New Avengers The Reunion".
A four-issue limited series.It deals with the reunion of Clint and Mockingbird and how they come to terms with each other.
"Skrull Kill Krew".
A five-issue limited series written by Adam Felber, in which the original team is brought back together to fight the descendants of the original Cow-Skrulls.
"The Torch".
Brings back original Human Torch and Toro to Marvel Universe.
"Timestorm 2009–2099".
The series is a crossover between the mainstream Marvel Universe and a universe very similar to, but with notable differences from, the Marvel 2099 universe.
A "4-issue" limited series titled Strange and "2-issue" limited series titled X-Men vs Agents of Atlas was also released during Dark Reign.
"Dark Reign: The List".
More of a collection of one-shots dealing with different characters in the Marvel Universe who are hunted by Osborn, "The List" sets the status quo for many books. Every story also contains a back-up feature.
Issues.
As of November 2009, the following issues are announced as being part of "Dark Reign":
Aftermath.
Starting in January 2010, Norman Osborn's reign comes to an end in the "Siege" story arc, which details Osborn's invasion of Asgard and the reunion of the Avengers. This then leads into a new era, called The Heroic Age.

</doc>
<doc id="20551024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551024" title="Euro gold and silver commemorative coins (Monaco)">
Euro gold and silver commemorative coins (Monaco)

Euro gold and silver commemorative coins are special euro coins minted and issued by member states of the Eurozone, mainly in gold and silver, although other precious metals are also used in rare occasions. Monaco was one of the first countries allowed to introduced the euro (€) on 1 January 2002; although they are not officially part of the Eurozone. Since then, the "Monnaie de Paris" Mint in France have been minting both normal issues of Monegasque euro coins, which are intended for circulation, and commemorative euro coins in gold and silver.
These special coins have a legal tender only in Monaco, unlike the normal issues of the Monegasque euro coins, which have a legal tender in every country of the Eurozone. This means that the commemorative coins made of gold and silver cannot be used as money in other countries. Furthermore, as their bullion value and collectable value generally vastly exceeds their face value, these coins are not intended to be used as means of payment at all—although it remains possible. For this reason, they are usually named Collectors' coins.
The coins usually commemorate the anniversaries of historical events or draw attention to current events of special importance. Monaco mints one of these coins on average per year, in both gold and silver, with face value ranging from 5 to 100 euros.
Summary.
As of 28 December 2008, seven variations of Monegasque euro commemorative coins have been minted: one in 2002, two in 2003, one in 2004, one in 2005 and two in 2008. These special high-value commemorative coins are not to be confused with €2 commemorative coins, which are coins designated for circulation and do have legal tender status in all countries of the Eurozone.
The following table shows the number of coins minted per year. In the first section, the coins are grouped by the metal used, while in the second section they are grouped by their face value.

</doc>
<doc id="20551061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551061" title="My Life &amp; Freaky Times">
My Life &amp; Freaky Times

My Life & Freaky Times is the eighth and final album released by Luke. It was released on March 7, 2006 through Virgin Records and featured production from Luke himself, Petey Pablo and Nikki D, among others. The album was not much of a success, peaking at just #35 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. "My Life & Freaky Times" was a 3-disc set and was said to be the last album Luke would release as a recording artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20551070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551070" title="And the Green Grass Grew All Around">
And the Green Grass Grew All Around

"And The Green Grass Grew All Around", also known as "The Green Grass Grew All Around" or "And the Green Grass Grows All Around", is a song that was first published in 1912, with words by William Jerome and melody by Harry Von Tilzer. Today it is a popular children's song, and a good example of a cumulative song.
Lyrics.
There was a hole (There was a hole)
In the middle of the ground (In the middle of the ground)
The prettiest hole (The prettiest hole)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And in this hole (And in this hole)
There was a root (There was a root)
The prettiest root (The prettiest root)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And on this root (And on this root)
There was a tree (There was a tree)
The prettiest tree (The prettiest tree)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And on this tree (And on this tree)
There was a branch (There was a branch)
The prettiest branch (The prettiest branch)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And on this branch (And on this branch)
There was a twig (There was a twig)
The prettiest twig (The prettiest twig)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the twig on the branch
And the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And on this twig (And on this twig)
There was a nest (There was a nest)
The prettiest nest (The prettiest nest)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the nest on the twig
And the twig on the branch
And the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And in this nest (And in this nest)
There was an egg (There was an egg)
The prettiest egg (The prettiest egg)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the egg in the nest
And the nest on the twig
And the twig on the branch
And the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And in this egg (And in this egg)
There was a bird (There was a bird)
The prettiest bird (The prettiest bird)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the bird in the egg
And the egg in the nest
And the nest on the twig
And the twig on the branch
And the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And on this bird (And on this bird)
There was a wing (There was a wing)
The prettiest wing (The prettiest wing)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the wing on the bird
And the bird in the egg
And the egg in the nest
And the nest on the twig
And the twig on the branch
And the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around
And on this wing (And on this wing)
There was a feather (There was a feather)
The prettiest feather (The prettiest feather)
That you ever did see (That you ever did see)
Well, the feather on the wing
And the wing on the bird
And the bird in the egg
And the egg in the nest
And the nest on the twig
And the twig on the branch
And the branch on the tree
And the tree on the root
And the root in the hole
And the hole in the ground
And the green grass grew all around, all around
And the green grass grew all around

</doc>
<doc id="20551082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551082" title="MV Star Osakana">
MV Star Osakana

MV "Star Osakana" is a Container/Cargo Bulker.

</doc>
<doc id="20551087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551087" title="Pedro Sostre">
Pedro Sostre

Pedro Sostre (born December 21, 1978 in Bronx, New York) is co-author of the book Web Analytics for Dummies.

</doc>
<doc id="20551102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551102" title="Sternarchella schotti">
Sternarchella schotti

Sternarchella schotti is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae. This species is endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Amazon River basin, and is sometimes kept in aquaria. The species grows to approximately 20 cm in length, and has a pale pink color in life with brown speckling along the dorsal surface of the head and body. As with many other ghost knifefishes (Apteronotidae) this species is aggressive with other electric fish species (Gymnotiformes), but is often compatible species in other orders, such as catfish and angelfish. A recommended diet for S. schotti is frozen or live blood worms and insect larva, and diced meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20551111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551111" title="Openkore">
Openkore

OpenKore is a community-maintained descendant of Solos Kore, a custom client and an advanced automated assistant for the MMORPG Ragnarok Online. It's licensed under . OpenKore is mainly written in Perl, but some code is also in C++ XS modules. The Perl interpreter allows for a cross-platform usability and an ability to work with the source code without recompiling or even interrupting the program. OpenKore is not associated with Gravity (developers of Ragnarok Online). Developers work on the project pseudonymously, mostly due to privacy issues or internet gaming community traditions.
History.
The OpenKore project was started by VCL in late November 2003. At the moment, there was original Kore, probably the only well-known free software Ragnarok Online bot, but due to lack of organization, many forks and modifications existed. OpenKore is based on Skore-revamped, which is a modified version of Skore (Solos Kore), which is a fork of the original Kore developed by Kura. It was started as an attempt to unite contributors to Kore forks, and that was quite successful. Gradually, other Ragnarok Online bot projects have phased out, mostly due to server-side updates and lack of development. Many developers have come from other inactive Ragnarok Online bot program projects (e.g. ApezBot, Kore, Modkore, Revemu, Skore, etc.) to develop on OpenKore.
Nearing the end of 2008, the Openkore project is the only Ragnarok Online bot that currently provides support to many Ragnarok Online servers and continual development on an international level. On May 4, there was a vote to choose the logo to OpenKore, having gained what logo made by battlemode, used even today. As of November 8, 2010, Openkore releases has been downloaded from SourceForge.net approximately more than 6,071,820 times since its availability in 2003.
After version 2.0.7's release in mid-2009, there were no releases for a long time, with recommendation to use trunk instead due to server updates, bug fixes and new features.
Features.
OpenKore acts as a Ragnarok Online game client and can perform anything a player's character can do manually in the game client. It's highly configurable and tweakable; reasonable default configuration provided as well.
The software can be configured to automatically and repeatedly perform assigned tasks without human involvement. The automated actions are state-based and with the macro plug-in be also script-based. These automations cover almost every action available in the game client. When a bot program is running, it continuously reports the latest information and the current status of the game, e.g., a character’s location, the current action, the “hit” point, and information about nearby monsters. Openkore allows users to give commands anytime, regardless of the prearranged actions by scripts, i.e., the bot is script-based and interactive. Basically, Openkore is meant to automate and simplify actions by the user of the software within the Ragnarok Online environment through the use of extensive scripting.
Controls.
There are several interfaces which all have console log with the latest information and console input for commands which cover current status inspection, manual actions and AI management. The most basic interface is just a console application. There is also slightly more tuned Curses-based console interface and wxWidgets-based GUI with graphical map display etc.
Automation Features.
These features are generally triggered by state-based triggers and can be tuned in many aspects.
Plugins and Scripting.
Third-party plugins, written in Perl, can add and modify available functions using provided API (hooks) or reflective features of Perl.
Macro plugin provides a simple way to create a script-based triggers and action sequences.
Community.
OpenKore's community is diverse with contributions to the project coming from communities that are English, French, German, Indonesian, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Filipino, Thai, Traditional Chinese, and Vietnamese. This diverse range of cultures enables OpenKore to provide international support for various Ragnarok Online servers all over the world. Currently, OpenKore supports bRO, iRO, idRO, inRO, mRO, pRO, rRO and most private servers.; euRO was supported when it shut down.
Impact and Reception.
Bots, unlike normal players, can play and do repetitive actions endlessly long, including gaining experience points, ingame items and currency, which can affect so-called balance of the game. They can affect real economy, as well as human players, due to these things being sold for real money. High amount of obvious bots (not well-configured) may negatively change the gaming experience for human players, but due to being obvious they can be banned easily as well. If server staff is concerned about botting issue, negative effects can be reduced to the minimum.
OpenKore itself is just an alternative client and tries to conform to common game rules and ethics: it doesn't kill steal and doesn't loot, there isn't any options or plugins for that and it's forbidden to ask about it at OpenKore forums. However, there isn't any strict countermeasures against implementing it, as it's pointless to do in free software.
With free software game clients, everyone can enrich the overall gaming experience. Many harmless features added, like efficient and configurable spam blocking, automatic reconnection after disconnect and play statistics. Various types of bot-based services exist, for example market search (found in other games and finally implemented in Ragnarok Online too, but poorly), global events/quests availability viewer, database of players, buff and teleport service. Bots can act as a flexible NPCs for client-side controlled quests and minigames.
Some anti-bot measures expose complete incompetence and/or indifference of game management on official servers. HackShield was installed on rRO despite being already circumvented by OpenKore for years. CAPTCHA was added on kRO and become supported for manual and automated passing shortly. Such measurements usually only introduce additional problems for all players.

</doc>
<doc id="20551160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551160" title="John Pollock">
John Pollock

John Pollock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20551162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551162" title="Tajikistan–Afghanistan bridge at Panji Poyon">
Tajikistan–Afghanistan bridge at Panji Poyon

The Tajikistan-Afghanistan bridge spanning the Panj River between Panji Poyon (or Nizhniy Pyandzh), Tajikistan and Sherkhan Bandar, Afghanistan was opened on 26 August 2007.
The two lane bridge is 672 meters long and 11.6 meters wide. It cost approximately $40 million, financed by the US Army Corps of Engineers and was designed and constructed by an Italian company, Rizzani de Eccher S.p.A. .
The Tajik President Emomali Rahmon and Afghan President Hamid Karzai were joined by US Secretary of Commerce Carlos Gutierrez at the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20551163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551163" title="Transit media">
Transit media

Transit media is a form of out-of-home advertising that displays advertisements in or on the outside of vehicles such as on the side of or above the seats of a bus or tram.
Advertising medium.
Transit media used to consist of paper or paint, but LED panels may be used, allowing advertisements to be rotated or scheduled by GPS location, enabling advertisers to target specific audiences. The medium offers a balance between traditional billboards and smaller, more mobile signage. For example, an individually branded car might be casually driven around a city for the majority of the time, but can occasionally be integrated into a multi-vehicle convoy or parked arrangement suitable for promotional activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20551168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551168" title="2008 The National">
2008 The National

The 2008 edition of The National was held December 3-7, 2008 in Quebec City, Quebec. It was the second Grand Slam event of the men's 2008-09 World Curling Tour season.
(Money ranking in parentheses) 
Playoffs.
Playoffs
Final

</doc>
<doc id="20551187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551187" title="The Real Thing (Jellybean song)">
The Real Thing (Jellybean song)

"The Real Thing" is a 1987 hit single for the popular music producer Jellybean which featured the vocals of Steven Dante. It is featured on Jellybean's album "Just Visiting This Planet". The song was successful in the UK Singles Chart, reaching #13. It was even more successful in clubs at the time, reaching #1 in the US Hot Dance Club Play Chart for 1 week. "The Real Thing" can be found on various pop compilation albums, mainly from 1987 and 1988 including Now That's What I Call Music 10 (UK series).

</doc>
<doc id="20551192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551192" title="Hyperion (Longfellow novel)">
Hyperion (Longfellow novel)

Hyperion: A Romance is one of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's earliest works, published in 1839. It is a prose romance which was published alongside his first volume of poems, "Voices of the Night".
Overview.
"Hyperion" follows a young American protagonist named Paul Flemming as he travels through Germany. The character's wandering is partially inspired by the death of a friend. The author had also recently lost someone close to him. Longfellow's first wife, Mary Storer Potter, died in Rotterdam in the Netherlands after a miscarriage in 1836; Longfellow was deeply saddened by her death and noted in his diary: "All day I am weary and sad ... and at night I cry myself to sleep like a child."
"Hyperion" was inspired in part by his trips to Europe as well as his then-unsuccessful courtship of Frances Appleton, daughter of businessman Nathan Appleton. In the book, Flemming falls in love with an Englishwoman, Mary Ashburton, who rejects him.
Publication history.
Longfellow's first prose work, "Outre-Mer" (1835), was met with an indifferent reception. Its lackluster performance as well as Longfellow's commitments to his Harvard College professorship prevented him from producing significant literary works for a time until his poem "A Psalm of Life" and "Hyperion". The novel was published in 1839 by Samuel Coleman, who would also publish "Voices of the Night", though he went bankrupt shortly after. Longfellow was paid $375 for it and was optimistic. As he wrote to his father: "As to success, I am very sanguine... it will take a great deal of persuasion to convince me that the book is not good."
As Longfellow's fame increased over time, so did interest in his early work. By 1857, he calculated "Hyperion" had sold 14,550 copies.
Critical response.
The initial publication of "Hyperion" met with lukewarm or hostile critical response. Its publication was overshadowed by Longfellow's first poetry collection, "Voices of the Night", which was published five months later. Critic Edgar Allan Poe briefly reviewed "Hyperion" in "Burton's Gentleman's Magazine" in October 1839 and concluded the book was "without design, without shape, without beginning, middle, or end... what earthly object has his book accomplished? — what definite impression has it left?" In 1899, composer Edward Elgar sent a copy of the book to his Austrian colleague Hans Richter, noting it as "the little book ... from which I, as a child, received my first idea of the great German nations". 20th-century literary scholar Edward Wagenknecht referred to "Hyperion" as a "disorganized Jean-Paul Richter kind of romance".
The thinly veiled autobiographical elements of "Hyperion" did not go unnoticed; Frances Appleton was aware that she was the basis for the Mary character. Embarrassed by this, as biographer Charles Calhoun writes, she "displayed a new degree of frostiness toward her hapless suitor." After receiving a copy as a gift from the author, she wrote in a letter: "There are really some exquisite things in this book, though it is desultory, objectless, a thing of shreds and patches like the author’s mind... The hero is evidently himself, and... the heroine is wooed (like some persons I know have been) by the reading of German ballads in her unwilling ears. " Longfellow himself admitted the deliberate resemblance in a letter: "The feelings of the book are true; the events of the story mostly fictitious. The heroine, of course, bears a resemblance to the lady, without being an exact portrait."
It was not until May 10, 1843, seven years after his wooing began, that Frances Appleton wrote a letter agreeing to marry. After receiving the letter, Longfellow was too restless to take a carriage and instead walked 90 minutes to her house. They were married shortly thereafter. Nathan Appleton bought the former Craigie House as a wedding present to the pair and Longfellow lived there for the rest of his life.
Analysis.
Through the character of Paul Flemming, Longfellow airs his own aesthetic beliefs. In his dialogue, Flemming provides quips like "The artist shows his character in the choice of his subject" and "Nature is a revelation of God; Art is a revelation of man".
The book often alludes to and quotes from German writers such as Heinrich Heine and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Goethe's "Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre" (1796) was a likely model for the book. The book's descriptions of Germany would later inspire its use as a companion travel guide for American tourists in that country.

</doc>
<doc id="20551218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551218" title="Blastoconidium">
Blastoconidium

Blastoconidium is a holoblastic conidium that is produced singly or in chains, and detached at maturity leaving a bud scar, as in the budding of a yeast cell.
Description.
Yeasts such as "Candida albicans" and "Cryptococcus neoformans" produce budded cells known as blastoconidia. The formation of blastoconidia involves three basic steps: bud emergence, bud growth, and conidium separation. During bud emergence, the outer cell wall of the parent cell thins. Concurrently, new inner cell wall material and plasma membrane are synthesized at the site where new growth is occurring. New cell wall material is formed locally by activation of the polysaccharide synthetase zymogen. The process of bud emergence is regulated by the synthesis of these cellular components as well as by the turgor pressure in the parent cell. Mitosis occurs, as the bud grows, and both the developing conidium and the parent cell will contain a single nucleus. A ring of chitin forms between the developing blastoconidium and its parent yeast cell. This ring grows in to form a septum. Separation of the two cells leaves a bud scar on the parent cell wall. The bud scar contains much more chitin than does the rest of the parent cell wall. When the production of blastoconidia continues without separation of the conidia from each other, a pseudohypha, consisting of a filament of attached blastoconidia, is formed. In addition to budding yeast cells and pseudohyphae, yeasts such as "Candida albicans" may form true hyphae.

</doc>
<doc id="20551220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551220" title="KBXJ">
KBXJ

KBXJ Los Ybanez, Texas is an FM station in one of the smallest cities of license regulated by the Federal Communications Commission. The city was created for the purpose of authorizing sales of liquor, which was not allowed in the county and surrounding area.
KBXJ was originally known as KYMI. While this was randomly assigned by the FCC (other new stations in this group were named KYMF, KYMG, KYMH, KYMJ, KYMK, etc.) and most of these changed names before actually going into operation, KYMI stayed with the name using the retronym of "K Ybanez Mary and Israel". The founders (of the town as well as the station) were Israel and Mary Ybanez.
The station was initially on 107.9 mHz. It was moved to 98.5 as a result of changes at KADM (now KQLM) Odessa who moved from a class C2 permit on 107.7 to a class C1 (more power, more antenna height) on 107.9. This obligated that station to move the station in Los Ybanez to a new, comparable channel, compensate them for changes in equipment, and pay to promote the changes .
The station had been programmed pursuant to a brokered time agreement where a group in Brownfield, TX was running a religious outreach. That group continues to this day. The group stopped feeding the station in March 2007, and the station went silent.
In November 2007 KYMI was sold to KYMI FM LLC, and its license sub KYMI License Sub LLC. The previous owner had not filed for license renewal in 2005. The next owner had to work with the previous owner to reinstate the authorization. http://hraunfoss.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/DA-07-3810A1.pdf The transmitter site (located west of Lamesa, Texas on the Seminole Highway) was rebuilt with new air conditioning, new electrical wiring, and a rebuilt transmitter. the call letters were changed to KBXJ. The station returned to the air with a format of all Christmas music. The station called itself "Christmas 98.5" and began 24 hour a day operation. After Christmas the station aired a grab bag format of all kinds of music. In February 2008 the station began airing a format called "The West Texas Jukebox". The format is Country Music with Album cuts by Rock artists. The station also airs a few overflow sports broadcasts from KPET with which it shares facilities at 1 Radio Road. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KPET
Local Programs include: 
"Football Picks" in the fall when local politicians, students, and business owners are interviewed as to their best guess for local, area, and national contests.
"Ask The Vets" Q & A with renown vets from Brock Veterinary Clinic.
A Christian music program airs en Espanol each Sunday afternoon 2-4pm.
KBXJ swaps notes with listeners on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kbxj-fm/170225773026531
In April 2011 KBXJ trimmed some sports broadcasts and expanded its library of music.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20551230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551230" title="Saraswathi Shloka">
Saraswathi Shloka

Saraswathi Shloka is a Hindu prayer chanted before beginning a class or at the beginning of one’s studies so that all learning may resolve in knowledge alone. It is addressed to the Goddess Saraswathi, who symbolizes all forms of knowledge, including the knowledge of the performing arts. Knowledge is a fundamental pursuit of human life, and a life of study and learning provides nourishment and discipline to the human intellect. In the Vedic culture, study is considered one’s duty.
"Saraswathi Namastubhyam"
"Varade Kamarupini"
"Vidyarambam Karishyami"
"Siddhir Bhavatu Me Sada"
Translation.
O Goddess Saraswathi; salutations to you, the giver of boons, the one who fulfills desires. I shall begin my studies. May there always be accomplishment for me.

</doc>
<doc id="20551244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551244" title="Fetor">
Fetor

Generally, a foul or unpleasant odor.
In medical contexts, fetor refers to an unpleasant odor emanating from an individual.
Specific types include:

</doc>
<doc id="20551267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551267" title="OMS Safeharbor">
OMS Safeharbor

OMS SafeHarbor Inc. is a privately held company founded in January 2000 and located Lowell, Massachusetts. The advent of the internet generated new paths for product delivery, such as electronic software delivery and business process changes in license management and product management. As bandwidth, cpu, and RAM continue to increase globally, these technical advances allow innovation and adoption for digital delivery. Lowell and the Boston, MA area have historically been on the forefront of industrial and technical innovations.

</doc>
<doc id="20551297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551297" title="Rail speed limits in the United States">
Rail speed limits in the United States

Rail speed limits in the United States are regulated by the Federal Railroad Administration. Railroads also implement their own limits and enforce speed limits. Speed restrictions are based on a number of factors including curvature, signaling, track condition, the physical condition of a train, and the presence of grade crossings. Like road speed limits in the United States, speed limits for rail tracks and the trains that run on them use miles per hour (mph).
Signal speeds.
Federal regulators limit the speed of trains with respect to the signaling method used. Passenger trains are limited to 59 mph and freight trains to 49 mph on track without block signal systems. ("See" dark territory.) Trains without "an automatic cab signal, automatic train stop or automatic train control system "may not exceed 79 mph." The order was issued in 1947 (effective 31 Dec 1951) by the Interstate Commerce Commission following a severe 1946 crash in Naperville, Illinois involving two Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad trains. Following the 1987 Chase, Maryland train collision, freight trains operating in enhanced-speed corridors have been required to have locomotive speed limiters to forcibly slow trains rather than simply alerting the operator with in-cab signals. The signal panel in the Maryland crash had been partially disabled, with a muted whistle and a missing light bulb.
Following the 2008 Chatsworth train collision in California, a federal law was passed requiring positive train control (PTC) to be implemented nationwide by 2015. While a primary goal of PTC is to prevent collisions, it also increases railroad capacity and fulfills the FRA requirements for increased speeds. However, several competing PTC technologies are being used in different regions of the country, and a clear winner has not yet emerged as of 2010.
Track classes.
In the United States, the Federal Railroad Administration has developed a system of classification for track quality. The class of a section of track determines the maximum possible running speed limits and the ability to run passenger trains.
Curves.
Assuming a suitably maintained track, maximum track speed is limited by the "centrifugal force" which acts to overturn the train. To compensate for this force, the track is superelevated (the outer rail is raised higher than the inner rail). The speed at which the centrifugal force is perfectly offset by the tilt of the track is known as the balancing speed:
where formula_2 is the amount in inches that the outside rail is superelevated above the inside rail on a curve and formula_3 is the degree of curvature in degrees per . formula_4 is given in miles per hour.
Normally, passenger trains run above the balancing speed, and the difference between the balancing superelevation for the speed and curvature and the actual superelevation on the curve is known as unbalanced superelevation. Track superelevation is usually limited to , and is often lower on routes with slow heavy freight trains in order to reduce wear on the inner rail. Track unbalanced superelevation in the U.S. is restricted to , though is permissible by waiver. There is no hard maximum set for European railways, some of which have curves with over of unbalanced superelevation to permit high-speed transportation.
The allowed unbalanced superelevation will cause trains to run with normal flange contact. The points of wheel-rail contact are influenced by the tire profile of the wheels. Allowance has to be made for the different speeds of trains. Slower trains will tend to make flange contact with the inner rail on curves, while faster trains will tend to ride outwards and make contact with the outer rail. Either contact causes wear and tear and may lead to derailment if speeds and superelevation are not within the permitted limits. Many high-speed lines do not permit the use of slower freight trains, particularly with heavier axle loads. In some cases, the wear or friction of flange contact on curves is reduced by the use of flange lubrication.

</doc>
<doc id="20551324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551324" title="Charles Shipman Payson">
Charles Shipman Payson

Charles Shipman Payson (October 16, 1898 – May 5, 1985) was the owner of the New York Mets of the National League from through . In 1975, he inherited the club upon the death of his wife, Mets founder Joan Whitney Payson.
Payson was a graduate of Yale University and Harvard Law and became a prominent lawyer and businessman in New York City. He married Joan Whitney in 1924, and together they funded the building of Pepperdine University's library.
Charles did not share his wife's enthusiasm for the Mets. He delegated his authority to his three daughters, with their youngest, Lorinda de Roulet, becoming team president. His daughters in turn left the baseball side to board chairman M. Donald Grant. But when it became apparent that Grant had mismanaged the team, it was Payson himself who forced Grant out.
In 1980, he sold the franchise to Doubleday & Co..
Payson was a graduate of Harvard Law School.
In 1977, he married Virginia Kraft, a writer for "Sports Illustrated". They remained married until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20551328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551328" title="Robert L. Nabors">
Robert L. Nabors

Army Major General Robert L. Nabors is senior Vice President for EDS U.S. Government Solutions, with special responsibility for Homeland Security. He is the father of Rob Nabors, who has served as White House Deputy Chief of Staff and Director of the Office of Legislative Affairs during the Obama Administration. 
Background.
Robert L. Nabors is a Western New York native who grew up in Lackawanna and is a graduate of Lackawanna's class of 1964. Although he traces his roots to the American South, he is the youngest son of Mansfield and Mabel Nabors of Buckingham County, Virginia. Nabors was a highly decorated African American U.S. Army officer who has received nearly 400 awards and honors and 38 official military awards and decorations. Major General Nabors received the Distinguished Service Medal, the military's third-highest award; Defense Superior Service Medal; Legion of Merit with four oak leaf clusters; Bronze Star Medal; and the Presidential Support Badge. Nabors honorary awards include NAACP Roy Wilkins Award of Renown 2000. He received a Bachelor of Science in Systems Engineering from the University of Arizona and is a graduate of the Senior Officials in National Security Program at Harvard University. Nabors also is a member of the American Mensa Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20551363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551363" title="Chlamydoconidia">
Chlamydoconidia

A Chlamydoconidium is a thallic conidium that is thick-walled and may be terminal or intercalary. Seen in a form of asexual reproduction.

</doc>
<doc id="20551389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551389" title="Phantom Navigator">
Phantom Navigator

Phantom Navigator is the seventeenth album by jazz saxophonist Wayne Shorter, that was released on Columbia in 1986.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 1.5 stars stating "On a sheer technical level, Wayne's soprano and tenor work is alright, yet on "Yamanja" he does a depressingly mechanical sounding turn on a lyricon. Pass this right by."

</doc>
<doc id="20551404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551404" title="Boston Manufacturing Company Housing">
Boston Manufacturing Company Housing

Boston Manufacturing Company Housing are historic buildings at 380-410 and 153-165 River Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. The housing was for the Boston Manufacturing Company, the earliest modern manufacturing facility in the United States, and a separate national historic landmark. 
The housing was built in the nineteenth century and the two blocks of buildings were separately added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551422" title="Wellington-Castner House">
Wellington-Castner House

Wellington-Castner House is a historic house at 685 Trapelo Road in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1902 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551445" title="Phadiara">
Phadiara

Phadiara is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°14'40N 73°11'30E with an altitude of 175 metres (577 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Manak, Singh Khalsa and Gobindsar.

</doc>
<doc id="20551451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551451" title="Warren White House">
Warren White House

The Warren White House is a historic house at 192 Warren Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551459" title="Manak">
Manak

Manak is a town in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is in Lahore District at 31°13'0N 73°12'30E with an altitude of 173 metres (570 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Phadiara, Singh Khalsa and Ghator.

</doc>
<doc id="20551460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551460" title="Brigham House">
Brigham House

Brigham House is a historic house at 235 Main Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551500" title="Building at 202-204 Charles Street">
Building at 202-204 Charles Street

Building at 202–204 Charles Street is a historic building at 202–204 Charles Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551511" title="1971 Torneo Descentralizado">
1971 Torneo Descentralizado

The 1971 Torneo Descentralizado was the 55th season of the highest division of Peruvian football. The number of teams increased from 14 to 16 teams as four teams gained promotion. The last three teams were relegated from the first division.
The national champion was Club Universitario de Deportes. Atlético Deportivo Olímpico, Octavio Espinoza and Porvenir Miraflores were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20551513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551513" title="KWFB (FM)">
KWFB (FM)

KWFB (100.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Holliday, Texas, USA, the station serves the Wichita Falls area. The station is currently owned by "Falls Media, LLC." (f/k/a Kixc-FM L.L.C.)
KWFB programs are relayed to the Lawton, OK area on FM translator station K288FQ
[http://recnet.com/cdbs/fmq.php?facid=&call=k288Fq&ccode=1&latd=&lond=&city=&state=&country=US&zip=&party=&party_type=LICEN&jaws=0]
The studios are located in "Chase Tower" 4245 Kemp Blvd Ste 1009, Wichita Falls, TX 76308 (FCC rules permit stations to locate studios within certain signal contours or twenty five miles whichever is larger) in a building referred to as "Big Blue". Studios are in Suite 1009 which corresponds to the station's 100.9mhz operating frequency.
KWFB acts as originating station and broadcasts most all of the games of Midwestern State University [http://msumustangs.athleticsite.com/sport.asp?sportID=2]
History.
The station began as KIXC-FM in Quanah, Texas in Fall of 1981. The station operated in Quanah as a class A station (3,000 watts max, later 6,000 watts). On 1984-07-02, the station changed its call sign to KQTX and on 1986-07-18 to KIXC-FM. In 2000 the station was sold to KIXC-FM LLC, a limited liability company owned by the Johnson family of Houston, Texas and the Mortons of Missouri City, Texas. The station changed formats to Oldies and changed classes to C2 (50,000 watts at 500 feet) from a new site between Quanah and Vernon, Texas.
In 2008 the station changed to class C3 at a new site near the Wichita Falls city limits. In late 2008 control of KIXC-FM passed from the Johnson family to Falls Radio LLC owned by Dan Balla and David Stewart.
KWFB (FM) is colocated with sister station KXXN (FM) "Wild 96.3".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20551518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551518" title="Central Square Historic District (Waltham, Massachusetts)">
Central Square Historic District (Waltham, Massachusetts)

Central Square Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Church, Carter, Moody, Main and Lexington Streets in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551526" title="Kenan Yelek">
Kenan Yelek

Club career.
Yelek joined Samsunspor from Altay S.K. in August 2000, and has played for the club ever since.
International career.
Yelek appeared in one match for the senior Turkey national football team, entering as a second half substitute in a friendly against Denmark on 18 February 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20551538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551538" title="Livingston L. Holder, Jr.">
Livingston L. Holder, Jr.

Livingston L. Holder, Jr. (born 29 September 1956) was a USAF astronaut in the Manned Spaceflight Engineer Program during the mid-1980s. He was assigned to fly as a military payload specialist on the Space Shuttle, but could not fly in space due to the "Challenger" accident in 1986.
Biography.
Holder was born in Detroit, Michigan, USA and now resides in Seattle, Washington. He has three sons (Jonathan, Nathan, and Christopher). He holds a B.S. in Astronautical Engineering from the United States Air Force Academy, and an M.S. in Systems Management from University of Southern California. While serving in the Air Force, Holder was a Titan III launch crew member at Vandenberg AFB, California. He also served in the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, Special Projects organization, Los Angeles AFS, California, on a classified satellite program.
Holder trained and qualified as a Manned Spaceflight Engineer and Space Shuttle payload specialist from 1982 to 1988. He remains active in supporting youth education through the Space Foundation, most recently visiting Alaska schools to share his experiences.
Holder joined Boeing in 1988, where he was the manager of the aircraft and spacecraft segments of the RESOURCE21 Program. Later he managed the International Space Station (ISS) international integration activities with responsibility for the ISS Habitation Module. In 1994 he became the program manager for the Sea Launch program during initial development. He was Chief Engineer and Program Manager of Aviation Information Services (the precursor to Connexion by Boeing). From 1995 to 1996, Holder led Boeing's Future Space Transportation organizations, which included Boeing's participation in the X-33/Reusable Launch Vehicle Program.
Holder served as the Chairperson for COMSTAC at the US Department of Transportation from May 2000 until October 2003. In 2002, he joined Andrews Space as Vice President Space Systems, where he was responsible for the company's space system design, development, and new business activities. He led the company to its first DoD contracts on the Falcon program, a joint DARPA/USAF effort. He was also the manager for a joint effort between Northrop Grumman Corporation (NGC) and Andrews Space in the NASA funded 2nd Generation Reusable Launch Vehicle (RLV) program.
In 2006, Holder joined AirLaunch LLC (founded by space entrepreneur Gary Hudson) as Chief Program Executive. Under his leadership AirLaunch achieved several technical milestones including the largest and heaviest object ever dropped from a C-17 and the largest and longest Vapor Pressurized rocket engine firings in history.
He currently heads Holder Aerospace, an engineering consulting company in partnership with Curtis Gifford, located in Renton, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20551547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551547" title="Charles Baker House">
Charles Baker House

Charles Baker House is a historic house at 107 Adams Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1880 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551574" title="From a Night Porter's Point of View">
From a Night Porter's Point of View

"From a Night Porter's Point of View" () is a 1977 documentary film by Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Kieślowski. It won the Grand Prix at the nineteenth Kraków Film Festival in 1979. The 16 minute film consists of an interview with Marian Osuch, a minor security official.
Most of the footage is of Osuch performing the various duties of his job, while he narrates his opinions on various subjects. Osuch talks mostly about his position, how he personally enjoys enforcing various bureaucratic rules, arresting petty offenders, and confiscating fishing rods. He also details his support for the government and capital punishment, saying that criticism of the government should be silenced, and that criminals should be hanged in public.
English-subtitled versions of the film are included on Polskie Wydawnictwo Audiowizualne's double-disc survey of Kieślowski's non-fiction work "Polish School of the Documentary: Krzysztof Kieślowski" (Region 0 PAL) and as an extra on the Artificial Eye DVD of Kieślowski's "A Short Film About Killing" (Region 2 PAL).

</doc>
<doc id="20551578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551578" title="Arqtiq">
Arqtiq

Arqtiq: A Story of the Marvels at the North Pole is a feminist utopian adventure novel, published in 1899 by its author, Anna Adolph. The book was one element in the major wave of utopian and dystopian fiction that marked the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Genre.
"Arqtiq" participates in, bridges, and hybridizes several related literary genres and sub-genres of its time. Some writers applied feminist viewpoints to utopian fiction; Elizabeth Corbett's "New Amazonia" is one pertinent example, among others. A number of late-nineteenth-century novels looked forward to the invention of the airplane, as Adolph's book does; these works can be classed, at least generally or peripherally, as science fiction. "Arqtiq" combines this "airplane fiction" with utopian feminism, as does Jones and Merchant's "Unveiling a Parallel". 
"Arqtiq" also partakes in the exotic sub-genres of hollow Earth or subterranean fiction, and lost-world or lost-race fiction. Like Mary Lane's "Mizora", Adolph's "Arqtiq" gives these forms of adventure fiction a feminist twist.
Stories of travel to the North Pole or South Pole recurred throughout the nineteenth century. Edgar Allan Poe's "The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket" is the most famous of these; there were various others.
Finally, Adolph couches her story as a dream, linking it to a whole host of fantasies that employ the dreaming motif.
Story.
The plot of "Arqtiq" involves a woman who invents an aircraft, a sort of hybrid of airplane and balloon. She decides to fly it to the North Pole, accompanied by her husband, father, and friends. After crossing the continent to New York, they travel northwards and reach the Pole. At first they perceive only a flat plain surrounded with icebergs; but the narrator detects a crystal city beneath the ice. The aeronauts land and meet the inhabitants, called the Arq. The Arq maintain a culture of gender equality and high technology. Communication is facilitated by the Arqs' telepathy; the narrator soon develops the same psychic ability. Despite their isolation, the Arq are devout Christians.
Adolph's "Arqtiq" has been characterized as "An eccentric novel combining elements of science fiction and religious fundamentalism," and an "exuberantly incoherent" book that also touches upon the work of John Symmes, a lunar meteorite, and "lunar people who are tiny and nasty."

</doc>
<doc id="20551584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551584" title="Francis Buttrick Library">
Francis Buttrick Library

Francis Buttrick Library (also known as Waltham Public Library) is a historic library at 741 Main Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1915 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551607" title="The Finest (song)">
The Finest (song)

"The Finest" is a 1986 hit single for the American R&B band The S.O.S. Band. It is the fifth track on their sixth studio album "Sands of Time" and it is one of the group's last songs to feature the vocals of original lead singer Mary Davis. Singing alongside Mary Davis in the song is famous R&B singer Alexander O'Neal. "The Finest" was a major success on the US R&B charts, reaching number two and was their last entry on the Hot 100, where it peaked at number 44. On the dance charts, "The Finest" peaked at number eight and was also a minor hit in the UK Singles chart, reaching number 17.
Finest Dreams.
In 2003, the song was covered by English mashup producer Richard X featuring vocals by American R&B singer–songwriter Kelis. This version of the song was entitled "Finest Dreams" and is a mash-up using an instrumental interpolation of The Human League track "The Things That Dreams Are Made Of". The song was released on 11 August 2003 in the United Kingdom as the third single from Richard X's debut album, "Richard X Presents His X-Factor Vol. 1". The single peaked at number eight on the UK Singles Chart the week ending 23 August 2003. The music video was directed by Oli Goldsmith.

</doc>
<doc id="20551623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551623" title="1967 Torneo Descentralizado">
1967 Torneo Descentralizado

The 1967 Torneo Descentralizado was the 51st season of the highest division of Peruvian football. Although Alfonso Ugarte de Chiclín and Octavio Espinoza were relegated last season, they regained promotion to the first division through the 1967 Copa Perú which was played prior to the start of the first division. Juan Aurich of Chiclayo made its debut in the first division in this season.
The defending champion Universitario retained their title. Deportivo Municipal and Alfonso Ugarte were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20551651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551651" title="Héctor Ramírez (baseball)">
Héctor Ramírez (baseball)

Héctor Bienvenido Ramírez is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of two seasons, and , for the Milwaukee Brewers.

</doc>
<doc id="20551653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551653" title="Charles Baker Property">
Charles Baker Property

The Charles Baker Property is a historic house at 119–121 Adams Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551692" title="Lipis">
Lipis

Lipis is a district located in north-west of Pahang, Malaysia. The district covers an area of 5,198 km². Lipis district is bordered by Cameron Highlands and Perak on the west, Jerantut on the east, Kelantan and Raub on the north and south, respectively. Lipis has 10 "mukim" or subdistricts, the largest being Ulu Jelai. The district capital is Kuala Lipis. During the British colonization, Kuala Lipis was made the state's capital city. Kuala Lipis was the administrative capital of Pahang for 57 years from 1898 until 27 August 1955, when Kuantan was picked as the new capital. Lipis was blessed with many types of minerals such as tin and gold, and products from the surrounding forests.
Sungai Relau, near Merapoh, is an alternative entry point (there are about 4 entry points) into Taman Negara, Malaysia’s Premier National park and one of the three embarkation points to Gunung Tahan, the highest mountain in Peninsular Malaysia standing at 2,187 meters above sea level.
Lipis is home to 87,200 people (as of 2006), with the Malay/Bumiputra formed the majority (71,900), the Chinese with 7,600 people, the Indian with 3,500 people, while the Others and Non-citizen with 300 and 5,500, respectively.
Federal Parliament and State Assembly Seats.
<br>
Lipis district representative in the Federal Parliament (Dewan Rakyat) 
<br>
<br>
List of Lipis district representatives in the State Legislative Assembly (Dewan Undangan Negeri) 
<br>
Subdistricts.
Lipis has 10 "mukim" or subdistricts.

</doc>
<doc id="20551697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551697" title="Chris Bradwell">
Chris Bradwell

Christopher D. Bradwell (born December 17, 1983 in Jacksonville, Florida) is a professional defensive tackle who is currently a Free Agent. He was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Troy.
Bradwell has also been a member of the St. Louis Rams.
Early years.
Bradwell attended Chattahoochee High School in Georgia and recorded 95 tackles and 11 sacks as a senior. He Also caught eight passes for 150 yards,and 7 touchdowns while playing tight end, linebacker, defensive end, and defensive tackle. As a junior, he caught 11 passes for 177 yards and one touchdown while logging 173 tackles and six quarterback sacks.
College career.
Bradwell appeared in 12 games with nine starts for Troy in 2007 and was named Sun Belt Conference Newcomer of the Year. He finished the season with 36 total tackles, including eight tackles for loss, as well as four sacks, one forced fumble, two fumble recoveries and one pass defensed. He sat out the 2006 season due to a violation of team rules. He played for Northeast Mississippi Community College in 2005 and was named junior college All-American and Defensive Player of the Year in Mississippi in 2005 after recording Recorded 70 tackles, including 10 for loss. He played in four games as a true freshman at Florida State in 2004 and recorded one tackle. He redshirted in 2003.
Professional career.
Tampa bay Buccaneers.
Bradwell entered the league as an undrafted free agent with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on May 6, 2008. He was released by Tampa Bay on August 30 and signed to the practice squad on December 3. He was released by Tampa Bay on December 17. He was re-signed by the Buccaneers on January 8, 2009.
St. Louis Rams.
Bradwell was signed to the St. Louis Rams' practice squad in 2009. On January 20, 2010 Bradwell signed a reserve future contract.
Georgia Force.
Bradwell signed with the Georgia Force of the Arena Football League on February 26, 2011. He was released by the team on March 7, 2011.
Columbus Lions.
On March 12, 2011, Bradwell signed with the Columbus Lions of the Southern Indoor Football League.
Toronto Argonauts.
On May 27, 2011, Bradwell signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was released by the Argonauts on August 12, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20551703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551703" title="Charles Byam House">
Charles Byam House

The Charles Byam House is a historic house at 337 Crescent Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It is an example of Queen Anne architecture in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20551711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551711" title="Dapuka Group">
Dapuka Group

The Dapuka Group is a geological formation in Asia. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20551726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551726" title="Charles Street Workers' Housing Historic District">
Charles Street Workers' Housing Historic District

Charles Street Workers' Housing Historic District is a historic district at 128–144 Charles Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The district was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20551733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551733" title="1966 Torneo Descentralizado">
1966 Torneo Descentralizado

The 1966 Torneo Descentralizado was the 50th season of the highest division of Peruvian football. This season marked the first time the Primera División was christened the "Descentralizado" because teams outside of Lima and Callao were invited for the first time making it the first national championship in Peru. The four teams invited to play in the inaugural national championship were FBC Melgar of Arequipa, Octavio Espinoza of Ica, Atlético Grau of Piura, and Alfonso Ugarte of Trujillo.
The first match of the season was played on 13 August 1966 between Universitario and Mariscal Sucre in the Estadio Nacional. Shortly after this match, the first match to feature a team outside the Lima and Callao region was between Sporting Cristal and Alfonso Ugarte in the same stadium on the same day.
The champion was Universitario. Four teams were relegated at the end of the season. Carlos Concha was relegated to the 1967 Segunda División as the last placed team. In addition, Octavio Espinoza, Alfonso Ugarte, and FBC Melgar were relegated as they needed to place seventh or higher to remain in the first division. They needed to play the 1967 Copa Perú to attain promotion to the first division.

</doc>
<doc id="20551735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551735" title="Essenbæk Abbey">
Essenbæk Abbey

Essenbæk Abbey ("Essenbæk Kloster") was a Benedictine abbey located north of Assentoft, Denmark.
History.
The abbey.
The abbey was established by Stig Hvide in 1141, and a modification in 1180 was possibly that the monks moved to the parish of Essenbæk Church - specifically the site of an annual pilgrimage on Saint John’s Eve, a front dedicated to Saint Lawrence, then about one km west of Assentoft. If so the abbey was until then perhaps identical to Our Lady Abbey ("Vor Frue Kloster"), a Benedictine nunnery attested from ca. 1170 about six km further northwest at what is today Rådhustorvet in Randers and which was hence a double house.
Enabled by generous donations Essenbæk Abbey - except the cemetery and mortuary - was eventually moved about one km further north within the parish to an island in the River Guden. There it stood as an about 19 m long main building, probably with an open colonnade about 1.6 m wide, and from each end a side building stretching about 19 m south. In the middle of the yard between these buildings was a well, and at the southern end of the yard a stone-lined well with steps. A church stretched about 19 m east at the southern end of the eastern side building, and north of these buildings was a watermill.
In 1328 a chronicle was written at Essenbæk Abbey, in which were descriptions of events ranging from 1020 to 1323 such as the conquest of Jerusalem, the establishment of monastic orders and monasteries, church councils, deaths of prominent ecclesiastics, and political and meteorological events in Denmark.
Possibly in the 13th century the peasants of the parish became tenants of Essenbæk Abbey to enjoy its protection, and at least from 1475 the "birk" of Essenbæk was a separate jurisdiction - subject to the "thing" of Essenbæk Abbey which convened at Syvveje about 12 km further southeast - until it was incorporated into the birk of Gammel Estrup in 1687. In 1516 the abbey redeemed itself from its obligation to accommodate courtiers, but in 1529 deposed its feeble abbot in favour of a secular manager - Hans Emiksen - whom the king made sheriff of Essenbæk Abbey on 5 September that year.
The estate.
The monks had probably all left the abbey when by 1546 its estate had been mortgaged to Axel Juul, the sheriff of Aalborghus. Two years later the mortgage was redeemed and the shire of Essenbæk Abbey incorporated into the shire of Dronningborg. The abbey's modest archives - barely 100 letters - were registered at the castle of Silkeborg in 1558, and the following year Essenbæk Abbey was given as alimony to dowager queen Dorothea until reverting to the king when she died in 1571.
Two granite pillars brought to the manor of Stenalt in 1589 were allegedly from the abbey, indicating that the destruction of the latter began or had begun at that time. They were originally quarried in Egypt, probably in the fourth century, and equipped with capitals at Essenbæk Abbey. In 1872 they were moved to Tøjhushaven in Randers where they stand to this day.
Essenbæk Abbey was eventually bought by Sheriff Eske Brok of Dronningborg who in 1608 also bought the estate of Hevringholm. When he died on 15 December 1625 his son-in-law Frands Lykke inherited Hevringholm, and when "he" died in 1655 it was inherited by his son Kai Lykke. On 2 September 1661 the Supreme Court ruled that he should be deprived of life, honour and possessions for the crime of lèse-majesté, and his maternal aunt's son-in-law Oluf Daa then inherited Hevringholm. However, in 1667 the Supreme Court ruled that it was the maternal inheritance of his sons, and the following year one of the sons Claus Daa sold Hevringholm on their behalf to Hans Friis. The sale was confirmed on 16 August 1669 by the royally appointed legal guardian of the two other sons Brok Daa - whose whereabouts were unknown - and Henrik Daa - who was yet a minor child.
On 18 March 1695 Hevringholm and Essenbæk Abbey became the entailed estate of Hevringholm, so they were probably jointly owned at least since the time of Sheriff Brok. When the childless Hans Friis died on 14 December 1697 his brother's son Christen Friis inherited Hevringholm, and when "he" died childless on 2 July 1727 his sister's son Christian Rantzau inherited it. On 15 May 1731 he too died childless, and eventually the Supreme Court named Lieutenant Colonel Joachim Beck - the son of Hans Friis' sister's son - the heir to Hevringholm. The Becks were a Scanian family, and so since 1660 subjects of Sweden.
Lieutenant Colonel Beck changed his surname to Beck-Friis in 1733, and when he died without a son in 1741 Hevringholm and the surname Beck-Friis were inherited by his brother Major Corfitz Ludvig Beck. When "he" died in 1781 his son Count Joachim Beck-Friis inherited Hevringholm, and on 30 October 1782 was permitted to dissolve and sell it by the king of Denmark. Essenbæk Abbey was sold in 1785 to Auditor General Christian Kallager, who in 1787 sold it to Mayor Johan Frederik Carøe of Randers and Counselor Peter Severin Fønns. They then sold it in parcels - some of it to its tenants, such as Essenbækgaard in 1789 and Assentoft in 1790, and the rest to Niels Christensen Kutsch who sold that in parcels too.
In 1899 the abbey was surveyed by the National Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20551742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551742" title="Sebkha">
Sebkha

Sebkha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20551788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551788" title="Chuanjie Formation">
Chuanjie Formation

The Chuanjie Formation () is a geological formation in Yunnan, China. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20551835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551835" title="Indian general election in Tamil Nadu, 2004">
Indian general election in Tamil Nadu, 2004

The Indian general election, 2004 polls in Tamil Nadu were held for 39 seats in the state. The result was a victory for the Democratic Progressive Alliance, which included the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) and its allies the Left Front which won all 39 seats in the state. DMK and its allies were also able to hold on to Pondicherry, which has 1 seat, which allowed the UPA to win all 40 seats in Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry. The 2 larger partners Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) (16) and Indian National Congress (INC) (10) won the majority of seats, with the junior partners Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) (5) and Marumaralarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) (4) winning the rest. The remaining 4 seats were won by the Left Front parties. Due to the support of the Left Front for the government at the center, all 39 seats in Tamil Nadu, supported the formation of the UPA-led government.
The DPA was formed, because DMK, PMK and MDMK, left the NDA mostly on the Ayodhya issue and created an alliance that supported the UPA. The NDA paid a price for it, when their BJP-AIADMK alliance couldn't even win a seat in this state.
List of Elected MPs.
Source: NES Election 2004 Analysis
Post-election Union Council of Ministers from Tamil Nadu.
Source: The Hindu
After the UPA victory in this election, Tamil Nadu was rewarded with 12 berths in Union Council of Ministers, with 6 cabinet berths, which is the most this state has ever received after an election. 7 of the Minsters were from DMK, 2 from PMK, while the rest were from Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20551841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551841" title="Sleep the Season">
Sleep the Season

Sleep the Season are a Canadian alternative pop music group formed in Welland in 2005. Their specialty is playing acoustic instruments only and using a cello.
History.
Their first album "Under Stars" was released September, 5th 2005 and contained 5 songs. The Second album "don't make a move" was released September 4, 2006 and can be considered at the first long play album containing 13 songs.
"Four Songs" was released February 11, 2008 and was their first independent release.
The original band members are Ben Audet, Dave Fontaine, Greg Goertzen and Justin Fortier. According to the MySpace site of "Sleep the Season" the band has now five band members. Trevor Speechly is the new bass player and Mike Harris is their new drummer.
Sleep the Season announced that the band was ending (October 2009) and their final show would be December 27 at the Merchant Ale House in St. Catharines, Ontario. The show would also be the release of their final EP "Anyone but You".
Band members.
Current members.
Past members

</doc>
<doc id="20551859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551859" title="List of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni titles">
List of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni titles

The "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni" visual novel series is originally produced by the Japanese dōjin soft maker 07th Expansion, but features games produced in collaboration with Alchemist and Twilight Frontier. The games take place in the fictional Japanese town of Hinamizawa, and the stories revolve around a group of young friends and the strange events that occur in the village. The games have been released for Microsoft Windows PCs, the PlayStation 2, and the Nintendo DS handheld console. "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni" is a series of murder mystery visual novels that requires relatively little player interaction as most of the gameplay is composed of reading text which signifies either dialogue between characters or the inner thoughts of the protagonist who the player assumes. The games utilize intermissions where the player can obtain several TIPS which allow the player to read various supplementary information that may or may not be useful in solving the mystery.
The series debuted in Japan on August 10, 2002 with "Onikakushi-hen", the first in a series of eight original games divided into the "question arcs" consisting of the first four games, and the "answer arcs" consisting of the latter four. The answer arcs shared the common title "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kai". An additional fandisc known as "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei" followed, and was the final game in the series produced by 07th Expansion. The eight original PC games were released in English by MangaGamer with the first four games released in December 2009. The last four games, however, were released individually starting with "Meakashi-hen" in February 2010. Alchemist has released six more games based on the original series, two for the PlayStation 2 and four for the Nintendo DS. Twilight Frontier produced a dōjin game 3D versus third-person shooter game entitled "Higurashi Daybreak" which was later ported to the PlayStation Portable by Cavia and Alchemist.

</doc>
<doc id="20551885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551885" title="Longde County">
Longde County

Longde County () is a county under the administration of Guyuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.
Longde County is located in the southern part of Ningxia. It gets its name from the town of Long and the Deshun army. Historically, the county was under the control of Pingliang city in Gansu province. It borders the rest of Ningxia, as well as Shaanxi and Gansu provinces. It also connects the important northwestern cities of Xi'an and Lanzhou. To the north of the county is Guyuan, to the east is Pingliang, to the south is Jingyuan County, and to the west is Jingning County.
Although Longde County is in the southern part of Ningxia, air temperature is usually lower than the surrounding areas, because Longde is, on average, 2000 meters above sea level. In addition, because the county is located in the northern foothills of the Liupan mountain range, there is relatively little water. The water that is added is commonly lost to earth flows, so agriculture in the county is poorly developed. These factors, coupled with the gangs of bandits who historically roamed the region, made Longde a county famous for its impoverishment.
There are many mountains in Longde County. The highest peak in the Liupan range rises 2900 meters above sea level. The range became famous when Chinese Communist Party leader Mao Zedong wrote a poem with the phrase, "On the summit of Liupan, the red flag waves freely in the western wind". This mountain has some stretches of verdant forest, unlike the treeless hills of the surrounding Loess Plateau. During the 1960s, the mountain was still the haunt of panthers, wolves, and other predators. On the hilltop, there is a memorial pavilion for the Long March of the Red Army, a television relay tower, a meteorology station, and other things. The Liupan Public Highway stretches for more than 5000 meters, tunneling through the hillside. Before the tunnel was open to traffic, the Liupan range was a natural moat dividing the highway between Xi'an and Lanzhou. The road twists and winds, an exceptional and imposing sight. During the heavy snow of winter, cars often flip over because of the road's difficult conditions.
Because the Liupan range, which is over 200 kilometers long in total, is in the southeast part of Longde, and the county is generally high above sea level in the east and lower in the west, river water is said to flow backwards here. There are not many rivers in the county, but major ones include the Yu River and the Hulu River. There are also a number of sizable reservoirs and natural ponds (known locally as "Flooded Dams").
Since the county is on the periphery of the Loess Plateau, there are many mountains and ravines. Flat land is called "Chuan". It is generally quite fertile and yields a plentiful variety of products. The mountains have many terrace fields.
Large numbers of Han Chinese and Hui people live in the county. The local dialect of Chinese is similar to that spoken in Shaanxi, but slightly different. It is rather different from that spoken in the northern part of Ningxia. Farmers grow wheat, potatoes, corn, soy beans, and peas, among other things. They also raise cattle like cows, sheep, and pigs. Products produced in the county include apples, pears, apricots, watermelons, and traditional Chinese medicine. Local folk traditions are similar to those in surrounding Gansu and Shaanxi. Important holidays often include popular celebration activities. For example, the Spring Festival includes a "Juggling Group Fire" activity. There are also some customs not often seen in other places in China. For example, "singed rickets" during the first month of the lunar new year, sauteed peas on the second day of February, hanging picked sallow outside one's door on the fifth of May, giving winter clothes to one's ancestors on October 1, and others.
Because there is little space and many people in some mountainous areas, the environment has been seriously destroyed, and the areas are no longer suitable for living. In recent years, the local government has successively organized residents to move to the plains areas in northern Ningxia. Resettlement is known locally as "Hanging condolences on the village farm". There are also many rural young people who leave the county to find work opportunities in China's coastal regions.
Administrative divisions.
Longde County administers three towns and ten townships.
Towns: Chengguan, Shatang, and Liancai.
Townships: Guanzhuang, Shanhe, Fengling, Yanghe, Haoshui, Chenjin, Shenlin, Zhangcheng, Dian'an, and Wenbao.
Related literary works.
In Zhang Henshui's short story "Returning For Yan", the female main character Yang Yanqiu is from Jingning County, in Gansu, but grew up in Longde and sees it as her home. The book depicts the drought of 1928-1929 in Gansu and Shaanxi, when people in the region lived in dire poverty. They were forced to survive on grass and tree bark, without any way to eat boiled food. One of Yang Yanqiu's family members has already gone east to escape the poverty, and she sells herself to save her parents. Another family member has disappeared. Later, Yang Yanqiu follows her parents to Nanjing, but returns to Longde after her father's death to find her family members. She also must do some work for northwestern development. Thus she is "Returning for Yan".

</doc>
<doc id="20551900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551900" title="Wireless user group">
Wireless user group

A Wireless User Group (WUG) is a Wireless community network run by enthusiasts. Most run off the shelf Wi-Fi hardware communicating in the license free ISM bands 2.4 GHz/5.8 GHz. Some do not provide Internet access, but are mainly used to participate in Internet games while avoiding data charges from the landline internet providers. Others do provide Internet access, as with the SoCalFreeNet, a group of 802.11 enthusiasts that provides low income communities in California with free wireless access.
The term Wireless User Group may also be used to describe an organization that helps exchange information about wireless networking. Important in the developed world, the subject is of critical importance in countries where there is no landline infrastructure.
Sample Enthusiast Groups.
There are many more enthusiast groups around the world exploring the technology and its applications (See List of wireless community networks by region).

</doc>
<doc id="20551915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551915" title="Wucaiwan Formation">
Wucaiwan Formation

The Wucaiwan Formation is a geological formation in Asia. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.
Vertebrate fauna.
Indeterminate ankylosaur remains geographically located in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. Indeterminate stegosaur remains geographically located in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. Indeterminate ornithopod remains geographically located in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20551934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551934" title="Manitoba Scotties Tournament of Hearts">
Manitoba Scotties Tournament of Hearts

The Manitoba Scotties Tournament of Hearts is the Manitoba provincial women's curling tournament. The winning team represents Manitoba at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
Past winners.
(National champions in bold) 

</doc>
<doc id="20551949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551949" title="Ballon d'Or 2008">
Ballon d'Or 2008

The 2008 Ballon d'Or is given to the best football player in the world as judged by an international panel of sports journalists. on 2 December 2008.
Rankings.
Additionally, five players were nominated but received no votes: Karim Benzema (Lyon), Pepe (Real Madrid), Luca Toni (Bayern Munich), Rafael van der Vaart (Real Madrid), and Yuri Zhirkov (CSKA Moscow).

</doc>
<doc id="20551952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551952" title="Francesco Sizzi">
Francesco Sizzi

Francesco Sizzi, an Italian astronomer who lived during the 17th century, is credited with being the first to notice the annual movement of sunspots.

</doc>
<doc id="20551953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551953" title="Italian colonists in the Dodecanese">
Italian colonists in the Dodecanese

Italian colonists were settled in the Dodecanese Islands of the Aegean Sea in the 1930s by the Fascist Italian government of Benito Mussolini, Italy having been in occupation of the Islands since the Italian-Turkish War of 1911.
By 1940 the number of Italians settled in the Dodecanese was almost 8,000, concentrated mainly in Rhodes. In 1947, after the Second World War, the islands came into the possession of Greece: as a consequence most of the Italians were forced to emigrate and all of the Italian schools were closed. However, their architectural legacy is still evident, especially in Rhodes and Leros.
History.
The Kingdom of Italy occupied the Dodecanese Islands in the Aegean sea during the Italian-Turkish war of 1911. In the 1919 Venizelos-Tittoni Agreement, Italy promised to cede the overwhelmingly Greek-inhabited islands, except Rhodes, to Greece, but this treaty was never implemented due to the Greek catastrophe in Asia Minor. With the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, the Dodecanese was formally annexed by Italy, as the "Possedimenti Italiani dell'Egeo".
In the 1930s, Mussolini embarked on a program of Italianization, hoping to make the island of Rhodes a modern transportation hub that would serve as a focal point for the spread of Italian culture in Greece and the Levant. The Fascist program did have some positive effects in its attempts to modernize the islands, resulting in the eradication of malaria, the construction of hospitals, aqueducts, a power plant to provide Rhodes' capital with electric lighting and the establishment of the Dodecanese Cadastre.
The main castle of the Knights of St. John was also rebuilt. The concrete-dominated architectural style blended in with the islands' picturesque scenery (and also reminded the inhabitants of Italian rule), but has consequently been largely demolished or remodeled, apart from the famous example of the Leros town of Lakki (founded by the Italians as "Portolago"), which remains a prime example of Italian Rationalism.
From 1923 to 1936 governor Mario Lago was able to integrate the Greek, Turkish and Ladino Jewish communities of the island of Rhodes with the Italian colonists. Lago's term of office constituted what might in retrospective be called the "Golden Period" of the Italian Dodecanese, with the economy booming and a relatively harmonious society.
In the 1936 Italian census of the Dodecanese islands, the total population was 129,135, of which 7,015 were Italians. Nearly 80% of the Italian colonists lived in the island of Rhodes. Approximately 40,000 Italian soldiers and sailors were on military duty in the Dodecanese islands in 1940.
The appointment of Fascist quadrumvir Cesare Maria De Vecchi as governor of the Italian Aegean Islands in 1936 marked a turning point. De Vecchi promoted a more vigorous and forceful program of Italianization, which was only interrupted by Italy's entry in World War II in 1940.
Indeed, he promoted the possible unification of the islands to Italy as part of the fascist ideal of an Imperial Italy.
During World War II, Italy joined the Axis Powers, and used the Dodecanese as a naval staging area for its invasion of Crete in 1940. After the surrender of Italy in September 1943, the islands briefly became a battleground between the Germans, British and the Italians (the Dodecanese Campaign). The Germans prevailed, and although they were driven out of mainland Greece in 1944, the Dodecanese remained occupied until the end of the war in 1945, during which time nearly the entire Jewish population of 6,000 was deported and killed. Only 1200 of these Ladino-speaking Jews survived, thanks to their lucky escape to the nearby coast of Turkey with some help from the Italian colonists of Rhodes. In the Treaty of Paris in 1947, the islands were ceded to Greece.
Disappearance of the Italian community.
For the nearly 8,000 Italian colonists, after the Italian defeat in World War II, started a process of return to Italy and successive disappearance. The Dodecanese officially passed from Italy to Greece in 1947, and in that year all the Italian schools were closed. Some of the Italian colonists remained in Rhodes and were quickly assimilated. Actually only a few dozen old colonists remain, but the influence of their legacy is evident in the relative diffusion of the Italian language mainly in Rhodes and Leros.
Architectural legacy.
The citadel of Rhodes city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site thanks in great part to the large-scale restoration work carried out by the Italian authorities. The Palace of the Grand Master of the Knights of Rhodes formed the centerpiece of this project, after being largely destroyed by an ammunition explosion in 1856.
In the 1920s, the Italians even demolished the houses that were built on and around the city walls during the Ottoman period. They also turned the Jewish and Ottoman cemeteries into a green zone surrounding the Medieval Town. The Italians preserved what was left from the Knights' period, and destroyed all Ottoman buildings of minor importance. Furthermore, in those years an "Institute for the study of the History and Culture of the Dodecanese region" was established, and major infrastructure work was done to modernize Rhodes, like the Aquarium and other buildings in art deco style.
Indeed in all the Dodecanese islands remains a huge architectural legacy from the Italian colonists. Here are some examples:

</doc>
<doc id="20551958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551958" title="WCLC (AM)">
WCLC (AM)

WCLC is a Gospel music formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Jamestown, Tennessee, serving Jamestown and the vicinity. WCLC is owned and operated by Bible Believers Network, Inc. and it simulcasts their programming from sister station WCLC-FM "New Life 105". This station operates only during the daytime hours.

</doc>
<doc id="20551968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551968" title="East Houston, Houston">
East Houston, Houston

East Houston is a community in Houston, Texas, United States.
Government and infrastructure.
The City of Houston Super Neighborhood #49 East Houston opened on August 24, 2000.
The United States Postal Service operates the East houston Post Office at 9604 Mesa Drive. In July 2011 the USPS announced that the post office may close.
Education.
The Houston Independent School District serves East Houston. North Forest High School is the sole zoned high school.
Until July 1, 2013, North Forest Independent School District served East Houston; that district was formerly named the East and Mount Houston Independent School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20551972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551972" title="Riverboat Gambler">
Riverboat Gambler

Riverboat Gambler is a gambling themed pinball machine produced by Williams. Pinball machine designer Mark Ritchie reportedly sings the song that plays during the game, whose gravel-voiced, New Orleans-style male voice sounds similar to Louis Armstrong.
In the center of the head of the machine, a vertical roulette wheel operates more like the Wheel of Fortune than an actual roulette wheel and does not have a ball. 7 of 16 sections are black, 7 are red, which alternate, with two green spaces that have stars on opposite sides. Located directly above the roulette wheel, a four digit display keeps track of virtual chips. The player uses chips earned on the playfield to bet on the roulette wheel.
There is an easter egg in the game. With game on, and ball at plunger, press and hold the Red and Black buttons, then press PASS 3 times, Black 3 times, Red 3 times, and Green 3 times. The display will shimmer, then press Black and Red together. The display will display "HELLO WORLD".

</doc>
<doc id="20551981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551981" title="Andō Kiyosue">
Andō Kiyosue

Kiyosue mediated the Ainu dispute with the Japanese who followed for about 100 years, and had their trade agreements concluded.

</doc>
<doc id="20551989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551989" title="Yupiit School District">
Yupiit School District

The Yupiit School District serves students in the Akiachak, Akiak, and Tuluksak communities in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Local Control.
The district was established in 1984 for the purpose of bringing local control to the schools. Initial goals of the district included: knowledge of Yup'ik culture, skills, and values, preparation for advanced education and work, and the ability to communicate in the native language and in English. Later, the district implemented a curriculum based on the Yup'ik culture.
The school is governed by an elected board with seven members serving three year terms.
Yup'ik culture.
The school district offers dual-immersion classes in the Yup'ik culture at the elementary level and Yup'ik studies and Yup'ik language classes at the secondary level.
Students learn skills such as traditional fishing, caribou hunting, and dog-mushing. Students at the Tuluksak school dog-mush in competition.
Demographics.
Of the 234 students enrolled in grades 3 through 10 during the week of standardized testing in 2007, 227 were "Alaskan Native or American Indian," 3 were Caucasian, and 4 were Multi-Ethnic.
No Child Left Behind.
Of the 245 students tested in grades 3 through 10, 30.0% were proficient or better in reading, 23.6% in writing, and 26.7% in mathematics. The graduation rate was 43%. The Yupiit School District failed to make adequate yearly progress for the 4th consecutive year under No Child Left Behind.
Of the 231 students in grades 3 through 10, 18% were proficient in language-arts and 22% were proficient in mathematics. The district failed to make adequate yearly progress.
School funding lawsuit.
In 2004, the Yupiit School District, the NEA-Alaska labor union, and several other school districts sued the state ("Moore v. Alaska"), asking for additional funding and educational programs. In 2007, the court ruled for the state. In his ruling, the judge cited the Yupiit School District when it said "the state must be more aggressive in overseeing troubled school districts" and ruled that the state exams were unfair.

</doc>
<doc id="20551991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551991" title="Knowledge Channel">
Knowledge Channel

The name Knowledge Channel may represent:

</doc>
<doc id="20551992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20551992" title="High anion gap metabolic acidosis">
High anion gap metabolic acidosis

High anion gap metabolic acidosis is a form of metabolic acidosis characterized by a high anion gap
The list of agents that cause high anion gap metabolic acidosis is similar to but broader than the list of agents that cause a serum osmolal gap.
High Anion Gap Metabolic acidosis is caused generally by the body producing too much acid or not producing enough carbonate. This is often an increase in lactic acid or ketoacids, or a sign of renal failure, and more rarely may be caused by ingesting methanol or overdosing on aspirin. 
Causes.
Causes include:
"Mudpiles".
The mnemonic MUDPILES is commonly used to remember the causes of increased anion gap metabolic acidosis.
Another frequently used mnemonic is KARMEL. 
Another frequently used mnemonic is KUPIN.
Perhaps the easiest mnemonic is KULT: ketones, uremia, lactate these are the most common causes of a HAGMA and toxins [ so we don't forget ]. The mnemonic for the in comparison toxins is ACE GIFTs: Aspirin, Cyanide, Ethanolic ketosis, Glycols [ ethylene and propylene ], Isoniazid, Ferrous iron, Toulene.

</doc>
<doc id="20552011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552011" title="FJG">
FJG

FJG RAM, short for "Floating Junction Gate Random Access Memory", is a type of computer memory invented by Oriental Semiconductor Co., Ltd. The FJG RAM has an ultra-compact cell area of 4F2 (F refers to feature size) and a capacitorless cell configuration. It is made without exotic process steps, materials or new process tools, and the process for making the device is available from all existing DRAM fabs. Due to the absence of a capacitor, the FJG cell process is more compatible with logic process, allowing its use not only in standalone DRAM applications but also in embedded-DRAM applications. Other properties include non-destructive-read and the possibility for DRAM designers to use shared sense-amplifiers to reduce the complexity of periphery circuits.
Device configuration and operation.
Device Structure
Fig.1 and Fig.2 show simulated structure picture and the equivalent circuit schematic of the FJG device, respectively. An FJG device consists of following parts as shown in Fig.1:
Basic Operation
As shown in Fig.2, the FJG device generally consists of one floating gate NMOS and one MOS gated diode. The floating gate NMOS has different threshold voltages at different logic states. By charging or discharging the floating gate via the current path through the gated diode, the threshold voltage of the floating gate NMOS is changed. Since the floating gate is connected to a p-n junction, this cell is called a "floating junction gate (FJG)" cell. When reading the cell, with the same voltage conditions on the control gate, the NMOS has different sense current at different logic states. The sense current can then be amplified by a sense amplifier. Thus, the state of the cell can be determined.
Electrical Characteristic
"Program and Read Operations"
Writing logic "1" and "0" is done by charging and discharging the floating gate in an FJG cell. It is done through current flowing through the pn diode under different voltage stress conditions at different contact nodes. When charging the floating gate, the pn diode is reverse biased, causing large band bending at the floating gate/channel junction. Band-to-Band tunneling will occur under such condition causing electrons tunnel from the floating gate to the channel"(Fig.3(a))". Discharging the floating gate is realized by forward biasing the pn diode and draining the charges out of the floating gate"(Fig.3(b))". Both processes can be done within a few nano seconds, which enables ultra high speed operation.
Fig. 4 illustrates the transient characterization of the read and write operations of an FJG device, wherein the write logic "1" and "0" operations take 5 ns including 1ns rising/falling edge of the signal pulse. It can be seen that the read logic "1" current is as high as 20μA after the write logic "1" operation while the read logic "0" current is less than 1μA after the write "0" operation. The write "1" operation can be even faster with an increased VD-S.
Non-destructive read: Fig.5 shows the dependence of a delta-shaped Vfg on the read time; the delta Vfg represents the difference in Vfg between identical memory cells in “1” versus “0” states. It can be seen that the read-operation of the FJG cell is quasi non-destructive. The non-destructive read operation endurance can be longer than 1 ms at Vcg=1.6 V.

</doc>
<doc id="20552043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552043" title="Heiruspecs (album)">
Heiruspecs (album)

Heiruspecs is a self-titled album by Saint Paul, Minnesota hip hop group Heiruspecs. It was recorded at The Hideaway Studio in Minneapolis, with producer Joe Mabbott. The album was released on December 13, 2008 at First Avenue.
There are several collaborations on the album. The track "Sunshower" features Dan Wilson of Semisonic, and "Change Is Coming" features Dessa of Doomtree. The album's first single is "Get Up," which discusses national divisions over an intense guitar riff.

</doc>
<doc id="20552051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552051" title="Tajik–Afghan bridge at Tem-Demogan">
Tajik–Afghan bridge at Tem-Demogan

The Tajik–Afghan bridge at Tem-Demogan was opened on 3 November 2002.
It spans the Panj River.
It was the first of four bridges planned to be built with the assistance of the Aga Khan Foundation.
Tem is a microdistrict of Khorugh, in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province, Tajikistan, which is very sparsely settled. Many of the inhabitants there are Ismaili muslims—followers of the Aga Khan.
Demogan is a location in Afghanistan.
The bridge cost $400,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20552064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552064" title="Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction">
Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction

The Superintendent of Public Instruction is an elected office in the state government of Indiana. The official is an elected member of the executive branch of government and work with the state Board of Education as head of the Indiana Department of Education to oversee certain areas of public schools in Indiana. The position was created in 1851 with the adoption of the Constitution of Indiana, and filled in the first general election following its creation.
The annual salary of the Superintendent of Public Instruction of Indiana is $79,400.

</doc>
<doc id="20552126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552126" title="HMS Albany">
HMS Albany

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Albany":

</doc>
<doc id="20552145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552145" title="Rico Malvar">
Rico Malvar

__NOTOC__
Henrique "Rico" S. Malvar (born 1957 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Distinguished Engineer and a senior signal processing researcher at Microsoft Research's largest laboratory in Redmond, Washington, USA. He was the Managing Director of the lab following the departure of long-time Managing Director Dan Ling in 2007, and oversaw about 350 researchers.
History and contributions.
Malvar earned his bachelor's degree at the University of Brasília and his master's degree at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. He received his Ph.D. in electrical engineering and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1986, where his thesis was on "Optimal pre- and post-filtering in noisy sampled-data systems," and served as a visiting professor at MIT for the next year. From 1979 to 1993, Malvar was a faculty member at the University of Brasília, where he founded and headed the Digital Signal Processing Research Group (in Portuguese, "Grupo de Processamento Digital de Sinais" or GPDS).
In industry, Malvar served as vice president of Research and Advanced Technology at PictureTel from 1985 to 1987 (which has since been acquired by Polycom). In Fall 1997, he joined Microsoft Research where he co-founded and managed the Signal Processing research group, now the Communication and Collaboration Systems and Knowledge Tools groups. He was a Redmond lab director from 2004 to 2007 before stepping up to become Managing Director.
At Microsoft, Malvar contributed to the development of audio coding and digital rights management for the Windows Media Audio, Windows Media Video, and HD Photo formats, as well as to a variety of tools for signal analysis and synthesis.
As of December 2008, he has published over 150 technical articles and has been issued over 80 patents.
Editorial and committee positions.
Malvar has served as an editor or committee member for the following journals, conferences, and organizations:
Titles and awards.
Malvar holds the following prestigious titles and awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20552208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552208" title="Joy Ryder">
Joy Ryder

Joy Ryder is the eighteenth album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Columbia in 1988.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2 stars stating "Wayne Shorter's occasional Columbia records of the 1980's are all disappointments. His compositions (there are seven on this out-of-print set) lacked the originality and quirkiness of his 1960's work and, although his sound was still very much intact, Shorter's improvisations tend to wander a bit aimlessly. On this album, Shorter (doubling on soprano and tenor) is joined by a basic trio (keyboardist Patrice Rushen, bassist Nathan East and drummer Terri Lyne Carrington) and such guest musicians as keyboardists Herbie Hancock and Geri Allen, bassist Darryl Jones and (on "Someplace Called Where") vocalist Dianne Reeves.".

</doc>
<doc id="20552233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552233" title="Arlin M. Adams">
Arlin M. Adams

Arlin Marvin Adams (born April 16, 1921) is a retired federal judge formerly of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. As of 2013 he is of counsel to Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP, and was listed as a NAFTA adjudicator.
Early life and education.
Born in Philadelphia, Adams earned a bachelor's degree in 1941 from Temple University, a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1947, and a master's degree from Temple in 1950. While at Penn, he served as editor-in-chief of the law review.
Early career.
Adams worked in private legal practice in Philadelphia from 1947 until 1969. He also was a member of the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania from 1952 until 1956. He was a secretary of public welfare for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania from 1963 to 1966.
Federal judicial service.
On September 22, 1969, President Richard Nixon nominated Adams to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit that had been vacated by the decision by Judge Harry Ellis Kalodner to take senior status. The United States Senate confirmed Adams on October 1, 1969.
In 1975, Adams was considered by President Gerald Ford as a nominee to the Supreme Court of the United States. Adams was one of two finalists; Ford ultimately wound up successfully nominating the other finalist, John Paul Stevens.
Retirement from the bench and later career.
Adams retired outright from the bench (rather than taking senior status) on January 2, 1987. He returned to private practice, joining the firm Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP. Adams is well known for his post-judiciary roles in significant legal cases. In 1994, he conducted an investigation of the Pennsylvania attorney general for alleged criminal activity, and investigated allegations of improper medical research at Fox Chase Cancer Center. Soon after in 1995, he was appointed to serve as a trustee in the New Era bankruptcy case, at that time the largest nonprofit bankruptcy in history. He also served as the Chapter 11 Trustee in the successful reorganization of the Coram Healthcare Corporation in the Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1996. From 1998 to 2002, Adams served as independent counsel in an investigation of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development that uncovered widespread corruption.
Board positions, appointments and honors.
Adams is a member of the Board of the Pennsylvania, and has previously served as a member of the board and Chairman of Albert Einstein Healthcare Network, trustee for the William Penn Foundation, the National Constitution Center, and Bryn Mawr College. He is a former chancellor of the Philadelphia Bar Association and past president of both the American Judicature Society and American Philosophical Society. He also is the former chair of the U.S. Supreme Court Judicial Fellows Commission. 
In 2001, Susquehanna University created the Arlin M. Adams Center for Law and Society, and in 2005, with the support of the Annenberg Foundation, the University of Pennsylvania Law School established the Arlin M. Adams Professorship in Constitutional Law. The Earle Mack School of Law at Drexel University established the Arlin M. Adams Professor of Legal Writing position in 2007 to recognize Adams' long career as a lawyer and judge.
Books Authored.
"Nation Dedicated to Religious Liberty: The Constitutional Heritage of the Religion Clauses", Arlin M. Adams, Charles J. Emmerich, Warren E. Burger (University of Pennsylvania Press, August 1990)
"Religion and the Public Good: A Bicentennial Forum ", William Lee Miller, Martin E. Marty, Arlin M. Adams (Mercer University Press, March 1989)

</doc>
<doc id="20552237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552237" title="Charles Willing Byrd">
Charles Willing Byrd

Charles Willing Byrd (July 26, 1770 – August 25, 1828) was an early Ohio political leader and jurist. He served as Secretary of Northwest Territory and as acting Territorial Governor.
Early life.
Charles Willing Byrd was born on July 26, 1770, in Westover, Charles City County, Virginia to the wealthy and powerful Byrd family of Virginia, founded by William Byrd I, Charles William Byrd's great-grandfather. William Byrd I received a grant on October 27, 1673 on an area of the James River that would later become the site of Richmond, Virginia. Charles' mother made sure that her son received a good education after his father, William Byrd III, committed suicide in January 1777, when Charles was only seven years old. 
Charles was sent to live in Philadelphia with his uncle, Thomas Powell, who was a member of the Society of Friends and a professor at The College of William & Mary. He read law under Gouverneur Morris while living in Philadelphia. He was accepted into the bar in 1794 after completing his schooling in Philadelphia.
Legal and political career.
After being accepted to the bar, Byrd became land agent for Philadelphia financier Robert Morris in Lexington, Kentucky. Morris is most famous for financing the revolution. Byrd served as land agent for Morris from 1794 to 1797, and was responsible for maintaining, selling, and acquiring real estate for Morris. 
While in Kentucky, Byrd married Sarah Waters Meade, the daughter of his father's friend Colonel David Meade, on April 6, 1797. Byrd returned to Philadelphia to open a law practice in 1797. In 1799, Charles moved to the Northwest Territory and quickly became involved in government affairs.
Secretary of Northwest Territory.
Byrd was appointed Secretary of Northwest Territory by President John Adams on October 3, 1799, after Captain William Henry Harrison resigned to serve as a non-voting delegate in the House of Representatives. Byrd took his oath of office before Governor St. Clair on February 26, 1800. While serving as Secretary of the Northwest Territory, Byrd also served as a Hamilton county delegate to the 1802 Ohio Constitutional Convention.
Territorial Governor.
When President Thomas Jefferson removed Governor Arthur St. Clair from the office of Territorial Governor, Byrd became acting Governor as well as Secretary of the Territory on November 22, 1802. 
Byrd served as Secretary of the Northwest Territory until Ohio became a state on March 1, 1803. Byrd served as Territorial Governor until Edward Tiffin was duly elected governor of the state of Ohio on March 3, 1803.
Federal Judge.
In 1803, Byrd served as a delegate to Ohio's constitutional convention. On March 1, 1803, President Thomas Jefferson nominated Byrd to be the first Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Ohio, a new seat created by . Byrd was confirmed by the United States Senate, and received his commission on March 3, 1803. The first Court sat in the statehouse at Chillicothe, Ohio on June 6, 1803. 
In its first session, the court participated in the trial of Aaron Burr. The indictment charged Burr and Harman Blennerhassett, with commencing an expedition to wage war against Spain via Mexico, but the charges were eventually dropped in 1819. Another notable case for the curt was "Osborn v. Bank of the United States", which arose out of the attempt of the Ohio Legislature to tax out of existence the bank's branches in Cincinnati and Chillicothe by imposing an annual $50,000 tax on each branch. The case reached the United States Supreme Court and the tax was held invalid following the case of "McCulloch v. Maryland". 
Byrd remained on the court until his death on August 25, 1828.
Personal life.
Byrd was the son of Colonel William Byrd III and Mary Willing Byrd. He was also the grandson of William Byrd II, who is considered the founder of Richmond, Virginia.
On June 8, 1807, Byrd and his wife purchased a tract of in Monroe Township, Adams County, Ohio, known as Buckeye Station and Hurricane Hill, from their brother-in-law, General Nathaniel Massie. The Byrds' home sat on a ridge overlooking Kentucky and the Ohio River. After his wife's death on February 21, 1815, Byrd moved to Chillicothe where he lived and worked for a year before moving to West Union, Ohio.
While residing in West Union, Byrd met and married Hannah Miles (died August 14, 1839) on March 8, 1818. From his diary, Byrd showed an extreme consciousness on matters of physical health and religion. Byrd purchased an area called "Sinking Spring" in Highland County because he believed the waters there possessed medicinal properties conducive to health and longevity. He guarded the diets of his family and himself. By his place at the dining table, Byrd kept a small silver scale, upon which he weighed every article of food allowing a certain quantity of fat, sugar and phosphates with each portion given to himself and his family. Byrd, along with at least one of his sons, had a deep interest in the Shakers movement and made significant donations to the movement.
The children from Byrd's first marriage were Mary Powell Byrd, Kidder Meade Byrd, William Silonwee Byrd, and Evalyn Harrison Byrd. The children from his second marriage were Jane Byrd and Samuel Otway Byrd.
Death.
Judge Byrd died on August 25, 1828 at the age of fifty-eight and was interred at the old rural cemetery, Sinking Spring, Highland County, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20552243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552243" title="Accredited Social Worker">
Accredited Social Worker

Accredited Social Workers are Australian graduate social workers who are committed to continuing professional education in a manner recognised by the Australian Association of Social Workers. Achieving accreditation is promoted as beneficial to the ability and effectiveness of the individual worker as well as to the wider society through the pursuit of social justice, the enhancement of the quality of life and the development of the full potential of each individual, group and community in society.
To be accredited, social workers must undertake up to 75 hours of professional development and/or education in a yearly cycle. Activities that count towards these hours include supervision social work students, taking part in training or receiving supervision in the workplace.

</doc>
<doc id="20552247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552247" title="Rokurokubi (folktale)">
Rokurokubi (folktale)

Rokurokubi (ろくろ首) is a tale from Lafcadio Hearn’s "Kwaidan". It features a monster by the same name (actually a classification error took place; in reality it features a nukekubi, not a rokurokubi). It takes place, “nearly five hundred years ago”. Considering "Kwaidan" was first published in 1904, over one hundred years ago, we can assume the story is most likely from the Muromachi Period in Japanese history (c.1336-1573). It features a manly protagonist who exemplifies the values of the time and age. He is said in the tale to have served well in the Eikyō War, which took place in 1438, during the Muromachi period. His name is Isogai Heidazaemon Taketsura and was a vassal in the service of the feudal lord Kikuji. At that time in Japan, regional warfare was rampant and feudal lords were constantly being uprooted, defeated, and having their houses thrown into disarray. When such a fate befell Isogai’s master, instead of finding another master to serve, he became an itinerant priest and assumed the name Kwairyō. 
Aside from telling a tale of supernatural adventure, this tale reflects the values of its time well. During the Muromachi period, manliness took a new form. As the courtier culture faded into the past, samurai machismo and military strength became more prevalently valued. Indeed, it was a harsh time when warrior skills and the ability to endure difficulties was paramount. It is even possible that the scary role played by the supernatural beasts may have been an expression of superstition, which Japanese mythology is rife with.
"For that was an age of violence and disorder"…
Synopsis.
Kwairyō finds himself traveling through the hills in a province called Kai when he realizes that he is far from any hamlet or village. Having resigned himself to sleeping outside (something which does not bother our stalwart hero in the least), he is warned of “Hairy Things” and offered a place to pass the night by a woodcutter. Kwairyō accepts the offer and follows the woodcutter to his warmly lit cottage. Kwairyō meets the other four members of the household and has a brief conversation with the woodcutter who admits that he used to be a warrior of rank but through his selfishness, he brought about the ruin of his house. Kwairyō offers to recite some Buddhist sutras for him then retires to his room. Sleep eludes him and he is getting a drink when he finds five bodies on the floor, without heads. He assumes they are rokurokubi, but they are more likely nukekubi (Hearn’s mistake or Kwairyō’s, we don’t know for sure). A rokurokubi’s head does not detach from the body but merely travels far from it on the end of an infinitely extendable neck. These were most likely nukekubi since their heads were completely detached from their bodies. Also, in Japanese, nuku (抜く), while having several meanings, means to detach or unplug while the word rokuro refers to a pulley as well as a potter’s wheel. We can infer that these were indeed nukekubi. Whatever the case, Kwairyō moves the body of the woodcutter from its original position in order to prevent the head from finding its body ever again (an inherent weakness of the nukekubi) then finds the heads bobbing around outside discussing how best to go about eating him. Kwairyō, with a small element of surprise, manages to beat away four of them who later flee while the last one, the head of the woodcutter, bites onto the sleeve of his koromo (a garment worn by Buddhist priests) and remains clamped there even after death, impossible to remove. Kwairyō travels to a near village called Suwa and after being questioned by authorities about the decapitated head attached to his clothing, he explains about the night’s events. A wise magistrate recognizes the character on the back of the neck, which signifies that it was indeed a nukekubi and not a murder victim. He is released and encounters a thief on the highway who after some discussion acquires the koromo from Kwairyō to play himself off as a hardened thug. He learns of the actual events of the night and brings the head back to the woodcutter’s cabin and buries it.
References.
1. Varley, Paul. Japanese Culture. Fourth Edition. University of Hawai’i Press, 2000
2. Hearn, Lafcadio. Kwaidan. Tuttle Publishing, 1971

</doc>
<doc id="20552257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552257" title="HMS Alcmene">
HMS Alcmene

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Alcmene". In Greek mythology, Alcmene or Alcmena (Greek: Aλκμήνη) was the mother of Heracles:

</doc>
<doc id="20552260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552260" title="Mehmet Aziz">
Mehmet Aziz

Mehmet Aziz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20552280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552280" title="Beckwith Island">
Beckwith Island

Beckwith Island is the eastern of three islands in southeastern Georgian Bay in Ontario, Canada. Its' highest elevation is 226 meters (741 feet) above sea level. Like its populated neighbour Christian Island to the west, and Hope Island to the northwest, the uninhabited island is part of an Ojibwa reserve. On the mainland, Cedar Point lies directly south of the island and the popular Thunder Beach is located to the southeast of Beckwith Island. The island is a pristine, and ecologically sensitive island of over 800 acres, featuring lovely sandy beaches and dunes, juniper bushes, as well as the rare and protected three-pronged awn grass, plus forests of oak, maple, birch and conifer trees and no development of any kind except for simple outhouses to serve boaters, campers and picnickers. Camping is permitted but you must obtain permission in advance from the local band council on Christian Island. The eastern side of Beckwith island is often a favorite place for boats to moor. Beckwith Island and the attached "Little Beckwith" are part of the Beausoleil First Nation. 
There is currently no development on the island at present. There are two boat anchorage points. One on the north and another on the south side of the islands where the narrows of the two islands meet. Sandy beaches are at both anchorage points. 

</doc>
<doc id="20552282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552282" title="Castle Crags Wilderness">
Castle Crags Wilderness

The Castle Crags Wilderness is a wilderness area located 40 miles north of Redding, California within the Shasta-Trinity National Forest. The US Congress passsd the California Wilderness Act in 1984 which set aside the wilderness. Elevations range from 2,500 feet to 7,300 feet due to the wilderness area's location in the Trinity Mountains which are part of the Klamath Mountains in the Klamath geological province of northwestern California. 
The prominent spires in the southeast that make up the Castle Crags are the main attraction and are similar to the granitic rock landscape in parts of Yosemite National Park. In the northern portion of the wilderness, the landscape is more like the Klamath Mountains with glacial erosion, several cirques, and abundant rainfall with a high, east-trending divide. The area is bounded on the east by the Sacramento River, in the north by the South Fork Sacramento River and in the south by the canyon of Castle Creek and the boundary of Castle Crags State Park.
One roadless area of borders on the northwest and contains the largest glacial cirque, Castle Lake, which is near where the Modoc War's 1855 Battle of Castle Crags took place. Now a historical landmark (California Historical Landmark No.16), the battle was fought on a ridge saddle between the lake and what is known as Battle Rock.
The Wintu Indians who inhabited the area called the crags the Abode of the Devil and the Spanish explorers called it Castle del Diablo (Castle of the Devil.)
There are mineral springs at the base of the crags which were used by the early fur traders, and after the Southern Pacific Railroad was completed into the area, health resorts sprang up as well. The railroad touted the beauty of the West to increase ridership, improve the West's image, and hopefully, sell some of its land holdings. "Sunset" was a publication started in 1898 by the passenger department of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company that described various places in the West and was named after its Sunset Limited railroad line which went from New Orleans to San Francisco. The magazine's description of Castle Crags is the typical, flowery writing style of that era: 
These are peaks of a spur of the Trinity range, that rise abruptly in towers and pinnacles, splintered and riven in all manner of fantastic shapes. With every slight change in the position of the beholder they seem to march and countermarch, advance and recede, until one is ready to believe them moving.
The advent of logging and mining brought even more people to the area with some mining continuing until the 1950s. <br>
In 1933, concerned citizens successfully worked to protect the area and were able to acquire much of the land that became the state park. President Reagan signed into law the California Wilderness Act in 1984 that protected another and was added to the National Wilderness Preservation System.
Flora and fauna.
The wilderness contains more than 300 species of wildflowers, including the Castle Crags harebell and the Castle Crags ivesia, both endemic, as well as tiger lily, monkey flower, and Indian rhubarb. Drier locations have yarrow, aster and buckwheat. Forested areas have incense cedar, white fir, Ponderosa pine, several types of oaks with Pacific dogwood and maple in riparian zones. Meadows and brushlands have various kinds of manzanita along with huckleberry oak, chaparral and mountain whitethorn. Poison oak is common, as are rattlesnakes—dictating caution when hiking the trails. 
Black bears, coyotes, bobcats and mountain lions are some of the larger predators in this diverse habitat of bare granite, steep slopes, meadows and mountain streams.
Recreation.
The state park extends inside the wilderness and has five of the nine trailheads. The Pacific Crest Trail (PCT) traverses the wilderness for 19 miles with several spur trails connecting from the park to the PCT.
The Castle Dome Trail is a strenuous hiking trail into the crags proper and passes near Indian Springs, a natural hillside spring with views of the crags. The trail ends after 2.7 miles at a notch just west of Castle Dome (4,829 ft), the southernmost of the crags, providing an unobstructed view of Mount Shasta and the spires, buttresses, sheer cliffs and domes of the Castle Crags. 
Rock climbing opportunities range from Class 5 to Class 5.13a in difficulty, and although the granite rocks are massive, some areas are unstable because of exfoliation (flaking layers of loose rock).
The Forest Service encourages the use of Leave No Trace principles of outdoor travel to minimize impact to the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20552346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552346" title="Mormyrops">
Mormyrops

Mormyrops is a genus of weakly electric fish in the family Mormyridae. They are characterized by an elongate head measuring twice as long as high, and no teeth on the palate or the tongue.

</doc>
<doc id="20552363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552363" title="Adriane Garcia">
Adriane Garcia

Adriane Garcia (September 19, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian TV show presenter, actress and former pop singer-songwriter. She has lived in Lisbon, Portugal since 2005.
Career.
Since she was a child, Adriane Garcia has always been passionate about music. At 14 she began a career as a model, but it was only years later that her life changed. After she had some interests in soap operas and mini-TV-series, Adriane was reporter at SporTV in Brazil. In 2002 she joined SBT reality show "Casa dos Artistas 3". Adriane was chosen to live in the house, where she stayed for 45 days. Her obvious interest in pursuing a career in music, Adriane was probed by Building Records to record some demo songs. As a result the label approved her work and the same year Adriane began recording her first album.
Later Garcia took part in the third session of the Brazilian reality show "Casa dos Artistas". She then released her debut album, "Vem Ficar Comigo", in early 2004. In 2007 she was chosen as the presenter for the Record Internacional's TV show "Sucesso", in Portugal.
As the first Brazilian at all she is working now as TV Presenter for Rádio e Televisão de Portugal. In April 2012 she posed for fashion magazine Maxim in Portugal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20552372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552372" title="Yokozuna Monogatari">
Yokozuna Monogatari

Gameplay.
Player are given the responsibility of starting their own sumo wrestling stable and employ wrestlers for traditional Sumo contests. Since sumo wrestlers are considered to be professionals, they must be paid plenty of money to join the player's ranks. All sumo wrestlers need training and discipline in order to be in shape for the larger sumo wrestling matches. Additional sumo wrestlers can be hired after the player's stable receives additional money. This additional money is earned from fights that are won by the stable's hired sumo wrestlers in scheduled matches. Having a wrestler under the player's supervision become the next Yokozuna can offer great benefits to the player's sumo school overall.

</doc>
<doc id="20552378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552378" title="Barry Tabobondung">
Barry Tabobondung

Barry Tabobondung (April 3, 1961 – July 11, 2000) was an Ojibwa Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and left winger. He was drafted in the third round, 47th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1981 NHL Entry Draft. In his professional career he played in the American Hockey League (AHL), the International Hockey League (IHL), the Atlantic Coast Hockey League (ACHL), and its successor, the ECHL.
Early life and amateur career.
Tabobondung was born in Parry Sound, Ontario, and grew up on the Wasauksing First Nation Indian reserve near Parry Sound. His grandmother was a tribal chief and member of the Order of Canada. His father also played amateur hockey. As a child he earned the nickname "Hawk" from his grandfather. Tabobondung played for the Newmarket Flyers of the Ontario Provincial Junior A Hockey League before playing for the Oshawa Generals of the Ontario Hockey League. Tabobondung was eligible for the 1980 Draft but was not selected, and played another junior season, changing his position to left wing. During his second season with Oshawa he recorded 77 points and 320 penalty minutes in 61 games.
Tabobondung attended the 1981 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, in only the second year that junior players other than first round prospects attended the draft. He was selected with the 47th pick in the third round by the Philadelphia Flyers. Tabobondung, who was sitting in the high sections of the Montreal Forum, was so excited to meet the Flyers representatives at the draft that he began climbing over the seats rather than using the steps. At one point his leg became caught in a seat, where he was stuck for two hours until arena maintenance was able to remove the entire row of seats to free him. NHL executive vice-president Brian O'Neill joked that the Flyers could be sure Tabobondung would be available for all of their games in Montreal.
Professional career.
Tabobondung began his professional career following the draft in 1981 with the Flyers' American Hockey League affiliate, the Maine Mariners, playing in 132 games in two seasons. He also appeared with the Peoria Prancers in 1981–82 in 16 games. Beginning in 1983, Tabobondung played three seasons with the Erie Golden Blades of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League. In his first season, he was named to the Second All-Star Team, and the Golden Blades won the league championship. During the 1984–85 season, Tabobondung was selected to the First All-Star Team, and was named the league's Most Valuable Player after recording 12 goals and 67 assists, as well as 2 goals and 8 assists in the playoffs. Tabobondung's career with the Golden Blades came to a sudden end on February 26, 1987 when he was fined and suspended for showing up late for practice and then refusing to play. The following day the Golden Blades announced that he was released from the team.
Tabobondung returned to Erie in 1990 to finish his career with the Erie Panthers of the ECHL. He retired after the 1990–91 ECHL season, returning to his native reserve near Parry Sound.
Life after retirement.
Upon returning to his hometown, Tabobondung contributed as a coach for the junior Parry Sound Shamrocks and Couchiching Terriers. He was killed in a vehicular accident on July 11, 2000. Tabobondung's son Tommy fell from a road grader that they were riding in, and Tabobondung was caught under the machinery in the process of saving his son's life.

</doc>
<doc id="20552380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552380" title="Roman Catholicism in Vanuatu">
Roman Catholicism in Vanuatu

The Roman Catholic Church in Vanuatu is part of the worldwide Roman Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope and curia in Rome. Catholics constitute 13% of the population of Vanuatu. The church is organized into one diocese based in the capital of Port Vila. The diocese is a member of the Pacific Bishops Conference.
History.
The first ever mass in Oceania was performed on May 14, 1606, when Spanish explorer Pedro de Quiros landed on the island with four priests and eight brothers, some of which were Franciscans and St John of God, and celebrated Pentecost. In 1875 mostly Catholic Tannese settlers wrote to the French government asking that the islands be claimed by France. The islands first native named bishop, Michel Visi, was named at April 12, 1997 and served till his death in 2007. An ambassador to the Holy See, Michel Rittie was chosen for the first time in 2003. Vanuatu sent a delegation of young people for the first time to World Youth Day 2008 when it was held in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20552385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552385" title="Belles Heures of Jean de France, Duc de Berry">
Belles Heures of Jean de France, Duc de Berry

The Belles Heures of Jean de France, Duc de Berry, or "Belles Heures of Jean de Berry" (The Beautiful Hours) is an early 15th-century illuminated manuscript book of hours (containing prayers to be said by the faithful at each canonical hour of the day) commissioned by Jean of France, Duke of Berry around 1409, and made for his use in private prayer and especially devotions to the Virgin Mary. The "Belles Heures" is one of the most celebrated manuscripts of the Middle Ages and very few books of hours are as richly decorated as it. Although including all the elements that other books of hours contain, each section of the "Belle Heures" is customized to the personal wishes of its patron. Furthermore, the "Belles Heures" contains a series of story-like cycles that read like picture books. Along with the "Très Riches Heures", which was also made for Jean, the "Belles Heures" ranks among the great masterpieces of the Middle Ages. The manuscript is now in The Cloisters in New York.
History.
During the time that the Duc of Berry lived, France was an unsettled country, ravaged by the Hundred Years War and the Black Death, and further disrupted by revolts and rebellions. France was divided by a rivalry between the Burgundians and the Arnagnacs and also had a lunatic king, Charles VI, which left the crown in contention and France unstable. 
Despite the unstable situation in France, Jean, the Duke of Berry and the uncle of Charles VI, built many castles and commissioned many works of art. Jean de Berry was renowned for his acquisition and commission of manuscripts and held one of the largest and most varied collections of his age. The Duke was a generous patron and a collector of books. He employed the young brothers Herman, Paul, and Jean Limbourg as illuminators in 1404 following the death of their former patron, his brother Philip the Bold, Duke of Burgundy.
The Duke commissioned several lavish Books of Hours, including the most famous, the "Très Riches Heures", parts of the Turin-Milan Hours, the Petites Heures of Jean de France, Duc de Berry and the "Belles Heures". The "Belles Heures" is larger than the Très Riches Heures. It is known to have been created for Jean de Berry because it has an inscription by Jean Flamel, the duke’s scribe, stating the commissioner as "Prince John, ..., Duke of Berry...". Furthermore, numerous times throughout the "Belles Heures", the Duke of Berry’s heraldry, emblem, and motto appear on some of the pages and illustrations. Also, because of the private nature of the book, the artists included many depictions of the Duke of Berry within the manuscript itself. 
Confirmation of the artists who created the manuscript cannot be found in existing documents. However, the work is attributed to Paul, Herman, and Jean de Limbourg as well as probably a number of assistants. Scholars believe that the close relationship in style and illustrations between the "Belles Heures" and the "Très Riches Heures" is an indication of who created the work. Further support comes as documentation of a payment received by Paul from the Duke. This coincides with the understanding that Paul de Limbourg was employed by the Duke de Berry around the year 1409.
The manuscript remained in the possession of Berry until his death in 1416. Afterwards it was purchased by Yolande of Aragon, the Queen of Sicily and Duchess of Anjou. In 1954 it was purchased by J.D. Rockefeller Jr. from the Baron Maurice Rothschild with the intention that it be given to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. The Belles Heures remains the only complete book from the hand of the Limbourgs, as the Très Riches Heures is unfinished.
Technical Analysis.
The original red velvet covers with golden clasps have long disappeared, however the book remains in remarkable condition. It contains 224 folios, 94 full-page and 54 column illustrations, as well as calendar vignettes and border illuminations. The illustrations appear as fresh as the artists “left them when they finished their task and cleaned their brushes five hundred and forty-odd years ago”. Berry only wanted the best, thus only the best vellum would have been used. Because of the private nature of the "Belles Heures", little to no restoration is evident. The book is in excellent condition as it was kept as a prized possession in the libraries of successive owners.
In 2008 the book was unbound for photography for a facsimile edition, and investigation and conservation, which allowed for a period afterwards the exhibition together of numbers of pages. A selection of 80 pages were exhibited at the Getty Museum in California in 2008-2009.
Illumination.
The miniatures painted in the "Belles Heures" are normally rectangular in shape, and higher than they are wide. In some cases, the illuminators experimented with breaking across the borders to accommodate projections extending beyond the frame. An unusual aspect of this particular book of hours is that unlike others, each of the cycles consists of a series of miniatures which are uninterrupted by text. “The shortest (the Legend of the Cross) contains three miniatures, the longest (the life of St. Jerome), twelve.” The art in this book of hours although conforming to the time period, also holds a great deal of experimentation.
Other works that are similar are the "Très Riches Heures" and the Grandes Heures du Duc de Berry both of which had been illuminated by the Limbourg brothers. They are similar in style and in the International Gothic style of which the brothers were pioneers in France. The bright colours and stylistic interpretations of form and depth are all quite similar through these works. However, the "Belles Heures" has been considered the best work of the three. 
The use of depth and movement in the art is a defining quality exhibited by the "Belle Heures". Attempts at creating forms in movement and in different positions often do not depict reality and though garments sometimes suggest the shape of bodies beneath them, they are often moving in an unrealistic manner. Despite this the illustrations do convey the message of movement and the human form.
Considerable effort has been placed in creating realistic backgrounds to the illustrations. Attempts at creating a sense of atmospheric depth are evident in many of the miniatures. Parts of buildings are drawn where the rest of the structure continues off the frame. In this manner the painting was only a snapshot of what was occurring and the background continued outside of the frame. Alternatively, there are many instances where the backgrounds remain unrealistic - those with gold fleur-de-lis and patterning that is reminiscent of a heavenly depiction. Differences in the choice of backgrounds plays a role in the setting of the events depicted, but also shows an effort to move to a more lifelike realm in paintings. Furthermore, a great deal of effort was put into the foreshortening the elements of the picture. What this illustrates is the artists are more interested in creating perspective. The significance of this for the time is monumental as many of the attempts at creating depth in the background and landscape were new discoveries. The artists of the "Belle Heures" seem to struggle between existing artistic norms and the transition to creating greater realism in shape, form, and perspective. 
Besides their experimentation in depth, bright colours, and dramatic movements, the illuminators of the "Belle Heures" were excellent story-tellers. The depictions of Christian scenes are impactful and emotional. Faces and positioning of characters exemplify significance of the events to the observer. There is little debate about the emotions and feelings depicted within the illustrations. Surveyors of the artwork are not just looking at it but are drawn into the work.
In contrast to the vibrant and detailed illustrations, the artists did not focus on bordering as much as most other manuscript illuminators. The borders throughout the manuscript serve only as “broad sparkling frames” to accompany the fanciful and powerful miniatures. Fine filigree used in the border is stunningly simple and equally underwhelming. Ivy in the upper border is simply drawn and patterned. On occasion the ivy in the upper border becomes more elaborate, colourful, and active with the inclusion of dragon-like creatures sitting atop the borders. Often lacking such active elements, the borders do not distract the eyes away from the illuminations. Although an effective way to focus the viewer’s eye on to the illuminations, the simplicity in the borders can be possibly explained by a lack of formal training. The Limbourg brothers were not primarily trained in manuscript illumination; two of them were apprenticed to goldsmiths, while the other was a panel painter. Thus, what became most important in their manuscripts were the miniatures. However, certain exceptions to the bordering exist. The first folios of most of the principal divisions and that of the three Suffrages have much more elaborate borders than those found on other folios.
Iconographic Analysis.
The figures in the "Belles Heures" include Saint Catherine, the Four Evangelists, St Jerome, John the Baptist, St Paul the Hermit and many others including, Jean de France, the Duke of Berry himself. These figures appear often and prominently as they are central figures in medieval Christianity. Miniatures coinciding with the prayers give ample suggestion as to who or what is occurring within the frame of the illustration. Some of the more important works were Jean de Berry, David, and those in the cycle of St. Catherine. 
As this was a work for Jean de Berry, it was quite common for the commissioners of such private endeavours to appear within them. Jean de Berry is depicted in prayer, kneeling at a private oratory. His blue robes and colourful dress give him the look of royalty. Also, the illumination is given a political aspect and confirms Jean's status by including a mace, a coronet, as well as the arm of an attendant pulling back the drapes. 
One depiction is particularly important; that of David in the Penitential Psalms. Nearly all book of hours contained this section but they were rarely illuminated. So in this case, the illustrators had very little to work from. The depiction of David against the sky made of fleur-de-lis is representative of royal and heavenly status. This miniature is representative of the style of Herman, because of the restless patterns and the combination of colours.
The cycle of St. Catherine in the "Belles Heures" is the first and one of the longest sets of scenes to be depicted. Her aristocratic beauty is depicted by the contemporary long hair, slender neck, sloped shoulders, and pale complexion. In this image, Catherine is depicted as a scholarly and educated individual. She is seated, reading, while there remain a great number of books resting on a stand nearby. The stand is significant because Moses is perched upon the top. Moses, the representation of the written word, fits well in the scene of St. Catherine studying for the reason that he received the ten commandments upon Mt. Sinai where, eventually, St. Catherine was to be buried. Furthermore, a chapel was dedicated to Moses in the church of St. Catherine built upon the side of Mt. Sinai.
The text and images are rich with iconographical substance. The "Belles Heures" contains many iconographical events and subjects right alongside liturgical texts that relate to and nearly describe the events occurring in the miniature. Such is the case of illumination. The miniatures are used to supplement the textual references to Christian faith. In order to comprehend the immensity and number of subjects depicted and illuminated in the "Belle Heures", one must look at the manuscript (or a facsimile thereof) itself. 
The creation of the "Belle Heures" occurred before the Renaissance of the late 15th and early 16th century when it moved from Italy to other European states. Millard Meiss describes the "Belles Heures", and the "Très Riches Heures" that followed it, are the most impressive group of paintings produced in Europe in the early part of the 15th century. The bright colours predate the similar style to emerge from Italy closer to the middle of the 15th century. Luminous colours used in the "Belle Heures" entered the mainstream of 15th-century paintings. Not long after its creation, colour began to fade in importance and dark hues and shadowing began to emerge in the late 1400s. Thus, the "Belle Heures" was one of the last few manuscripts to be coloured in this manner.

</doc>
<doc id="20552395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552395" title="Furio Niclot Doglio">
Furio Niclot Doglio

Furio Niclot Doglio, MOVM (24 April 1908 – 27 July 1942) was an Italian test pilot and World War II fighter pilot in the "Regia Aeronautica". Doglio set nine world aviation records in the 1930s during his time as a test pilot. During the war, he claimed seven kills (six of them Spitfires), flying FIAT G. 50s and Macchi C. 202s, establishing himself as one of Italy's aces. Doglio was killed in combat on 27 July 1942 during the Siege of Malta by George Beurling, who became Canada's top ace of the war. He was awarded a "Medaglia d'oro al Valor Militare alla memoria" (Memorial Golden medal for military valour).
Early life.
Furio Niclot Doglio was born in Turin, Piedmont. During the early to mid-1930s, he worked as a test pilot for Italian aircraft manufacturers "Compagnia Nazionale Aeronautica" (CNA) and Breda.
Records.
Doglio set nine official aviation world records (as recognized by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale or FAI, the aviation world record adjudicating body).
World War II.
When Italy entered World War II on 10 June 1940, Doglio enlisted in the "Regia Aeronautica." His first posting was the 355a Squadriglia of 21° Gruppo. On 17 June, Niclot flew his first mission: a patrol over Rome, flying the Fiat G.50.
Corpo Aereo Italiano.
In autumn 1940, Doglio was in Belgium with the "Corpo Aereo Italiano", the Italian air expedition against England. Niclot carried out his first mission on 27 October, by escorting a Fiat BR.20, on a mission to attack Ramsgate. During the whole campaign, Niclot, like the other Italian G.50 pilots, did not encounter enemy fighters, nor fire his guns.
North Africa.
Doglio's first "kill" was a Hawker Hurricane, in North Africa, while he was flying a Fiat G.50. On 30 June 1941, Captain Furio Niclot Doglio, while escorting Ju 87 Stukas that were bombing an English convoy off Ras Azzas, attacked three Hurricanes that were bouncing the dive-bombers and shot down one, damaging the others. For this action, Niclot received a Medaglia di bronzo al Valore Militare (Bronze Medal for Military Valour).
Malta.
Doglio's other air victories were all claimed at Malta in July 1942, while flying the Macchi C. 202, as "Capitano" of 151a "Squadriglia". His first Spitfire was shot down on 2 July 1942. That day, while escorting three Savoia-Marchetti SM.84, leading 10 MC.202s of 151a "Squadriglia", Doglio fought with Spitfires from 249 and 185 Squadron. During a head-on attack, he hit the Spitfire BR377 of "Flight Sergeant" C.S.G. De Nancrede from "Squadron" 249, that had to crash-land on Ta 'Qali airfield, near Mdina.
On the 6th, Doglio encountered again the Spitfires of 249 Squadron, while escorting three Cant.Z.1007 bis, and he claimed another Supermarine fighter, confirmed by his wingman Tarantola to crash north of Valletta, but the 249 that day had no losses, even if the Squadron had two aircraft shot up, one of them was flown by Sgt. Beurling, who three weeks later would kill Doglio in combat over Gozo. The following day, Niclot and seven other Macchi pilots were escorting for the first time the Ju 88A-4 of "Kampfgeschwader" 77. In the sky over Luqa, they clashed with seven Spitfires. Niclot and his wingman shot down the Spitfire of Flt. Sgt. D. Ferraby from Squadron 249 (AB500). Niclot's last air victory was a double "kill": two Spitfires downed on 13 July 1942. 
On 27 July 1942, Doglio was leading three others Macchi, on the coast of Gozo. Six Spitfires of 126 Sq. attacked them head-on, while eight other Spitfires of the 249 Sq. attacked from left ("10 hour direction"). Niclot was preparing to counter-attack the Spitfires or 126 Sq. when his wingman, "Sergente" Ennio Tarantola, tried to warn his commander, waggling his wings, as Italian radios worked badly, of the Spitfires diving on them from the left, but Niclot understood that Tarantola was warning him of the Spitfires he had already spotted. 
Fl. Sgt. George "Screwball" Beurling, from 249 Sq., first scored hits on "Sergente" Faliero Gelli's aircraft, who later crash landed on Gozo, and soon after shot down Doglio's C.202 (MM 9042), who was waggling his wings to warn his fellow pilots of Spitfires closing "head-on". "The poor devil simply blew to pieces in the air", Beurling recalled the following year, writing the book "Malta Spitfire", together with journalist Leslie Roberts.
When he was killed, Doglio held the rank of "Capitano" and was the commanding officer of 151a "Squadriglia", 20° "Gruppo", 51° "Stormo", and was flying a Macchi C.202, aircraft number 151-1. In less than a month, July 1942, Niclot had flown 21 missions of war, over Malta, was involved in 18 air combats, claimed six aircraft shot down plus four more probable and two shared with his wingman, Ennio Tarantola.
Doglio left a wife and two sons, Stefano and Gian Francesco, doctors, who are still alive and live in Northern Italy. In "via Ravenna 7A", near "piazza Bologna", Rome, the house where Niclot lived with his family on the first floor, is still standing.
Honors and tributes.
In Rome, in the entrance of the building built by himself and his father, in via Bolzano 14, a plaque in the hall displays the citation from Doglio's Gold Medal. The citation of the Gold Medal is also on a plaque on the Bonaria cimitery of Cagliari, Sardinia, where the local section of "Arma Aeronautica" is dedicated to Furio Niclot Doglio. In Fiumicino, near Rome, a street in the area of Isola Sacra is named: "Niclot".
Awards.
In 1936, Doglio became one of the first recipients of the FAI's Louis Blériot medal. Doglio was awarded the "Medaglia d'oro al Valore Militare" (MOVM) (Gold Medal for Military Valor),a Silver medal of aeronautical valour, a Silver Medal of Military Valor "on the field", two Bronze Medals and the Iron Cross, Second Class (EK II. Klasse).

</doc>
<doc id="20552407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552407" title="African carp">
African carp

African carp is a common name that may refer to several different species of fishes:

</doc>
<doc id="20552447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552447" title="Samuel McDowell">
Samuel McDowell

Samuel McDowell (October 29, 1735 – September 25, 1817) was a soldier and early political leader in Kentucky. He was the father of Dr. Ephraim McDowell. 
McDowell participated in three major wars. He served under George Washington in the French and Indian War, served as an aide-de-camp to Isaac Shelby in Lord Dunmore's War, and was part of Nathanael Greene's campaign in the Revolutionary War. Following the Revolutionary War, he relocated to Kentucky and became a surveyor. Later, he was appointed one of the first district court judges in what would become the state of Kentucky. He became a leader of the movement to separate Kentucky from Virginia, presiding over nine of the state's ten constitutional conventions.
Early life.
Samuel McDowell was born in Pennsylvania on October 29, 1735. He was the son of Captain John McDowell and grandson of Ephraim McDowell, a Scots-Irish patriot in the English Revolution of 1688. Captain McDowell relocated his family to Virginia in 1737. Samuel McDowell was well-educated in his youth, at one time studying under Archibald Alexander. In 1743, his father died and he inherited the entire estate, according to the tradition of primogeniture, but chose to divide the estate with his brother and sister.
McDowell married Mary McClung on January 17, 1754. They had seven sons and four daughters. Sons Joseph, Samuel, Jr. both served in the Revolutionary War. Joseph also served in the War of 1812, as did the eldest son, John. Samuel, Jr. was also the first United States Marshal in Kentucky. The most famous of McDowell's sons was Dr. Ephraim McDowell, who performed the first ovariotomy. Ephraim McDowell later married the daughter of Isaac Shelby, his father's former commanding officer.
Military career.
At age twenty, McDowell participated in the French and Indian War. He was captain of a company, serving under George Washington at Braddock's Defeat at the Battle of the Monongahela. Later, he served in Lord Dunmore's War, participating in the Battle of Point Pleasant with future Kentucky governor Isaac Shelby. Shelby later appointed McDowell as his aide-de-camp. For his service in the war, he was awarded a large tract of land in Fayette County, Kentucky in 1775.
In 1773, McDowell represented Augusta County, Virginia in the Virginia House of Burgesses. He was a delegate to a March 20, 1775 conference in Richmond, Virginia to make preparation for the Revolutionary War. At this conference, he and Thomas Lewis were chosen to carry a letter to several delegates to the upcoming Second Continental Congress, thanking them for their actions. McDowell and Lewis both served in the Virginia Conventions in 1775 and 1776. McDowell also attended a second conference in Williamsburg, Virginia in 1776 where he declared the rights of man and instructed the Continental Congress to declare the colonies' independence.
At the outbreak of the Revolutionary War, McDowell was commissioned a colonel over a regiment from Augusta County. He participated in the Battle of Guilford Courthouse while serving under General Nathanael Greene. His son John also participated in this battle. The elder McDowell was present at Charles Cornwallis' surrender at Yorktown.
Formation of Kentucky.
Following the war, McDowell presided over a 1782 convention that framed a constitution for the independent territory of Kentucky. From 1782 to 1784, he served on the board of trustees for Washington and Lee University. He was appointed surveyor of Fayette County, where he relocated in 1783. Together with John Floyd and George Muter, McDowell was appointed to the district court in Harrodsburg, the first such court in Kentucky. Following his appointment, he moved to Mercer County, Kentucky. In 1786, he presided over the first county court in Kentucky District. 
On the night of December 27, 1786, a group consisting of Harry Innes, Thomas Todd, John Brown, Christopher Greenup, John Belli, and Robert Craddock assembled at McDowell's residence and formed a debating society known as the Danville Political Club. McDowell continued to host meetings of the Club at his residence from time-to-time, and participated in its activities for its entire four-year existence. When the town of Danville was organized on December 4, 1787, McDowell was named one of its first trustees.
McDowell presided over nine of the ten conventions that drafted the first Kentucky Constitution. He was chosen as one of Mercer County's electors to choose the first governor and senators from the state.
McDowell died near Danville on September 25, 1817 at the home of his son Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="20552458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552458" title="Morrisson v Robertson">
Morrisson v Robertson

Morrison v Robertson (1908 SC 332) is a case establishing the common law principles that govern unilateral error in Scots law.
Facts.
A man claiming to be the son of Wilson of Bonnyrigg approached Morrisson and offered to buy two cows from him. Although Morrison did not know the man, he knew of Wilson, who was a neighbouring farmer of good financial standing. Accordingly, he let the man have the two cows on credit. In fact, the man was not the son of Wilson but a rogue called Telford. Telford sold the two cows to Robertson. When Morrison found this out he sought to recover the cows from Robertson.
Judgment.
The action was successful. It was held that there had been no contract between Morrison and Telford. The purported transaction was a complete nullity. Accordingly, Telford had no rights which he could pass on to Robertson, so Morrison was entitled to recover his cows.

</doc>
<doc id="20552465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552465" title="Balkavi">
Balkavi

Tryambak Bapuji Thombre (1890–1918) was an Indian Marathi poet, whose pen name was "Balkavi", also spelled as "Baalkavi" or "Baal-kavi". Poems of Thombre deal with his love of nature and are marked by exuberant language. 
Notable work.
Some of his poems are very "dark" while most of them depict nature in a beautiful poetic manner. Some notable poems written by Thombre are:

</doc>
<doc id="20552480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552480" title="Footprints Live!">
Footprints Live!

Footprints Live! is a live album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Verve Records in 2002. It was Shorter's first official live album released under his own name and the first album to feature the 'Footprints Quartet' of Shorter, Danilo Perez, John Patitucci and Brian Blade.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Robert L. Doerschuk awarded the album 3 stars stating "They're even playful; try to catch that "Rock-A-Bye Baby" quote from Shorter in the title track.".

</doc>
<doc id="20552488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552488" title="Faridkot State">
Faridkot State

Faridkot State, with its capital at Faridkot, was a Princely state in Punjab region, it was one of the Cis-Sutlej states and was under the suzerainty of the Scindhia dynasty of the Maratha Empire, following the Second Anglo-Maratha War of 1803–1805, Marathas lost the territory to the British. --> For the support the British in overcoming the mutiny of 1857, the ruler of Faridkot was accorded a 11-gun salute as per the rules of precedence in the Imperial Durbar.
List of Faridkot rulers.
Raja.
23 December 1918 - 15 August 1947 Har Indar Singh (born 1915 - died 1989)
Faridkot had issued postage stamps independently from 1879 to 1887 when it signed a postal convention with the British.
Demography.
Faridkot had an area of 643 square miles. According to the 1901 census the state had a population of 124,912 and contained 2 towns and 167 villages. Predominantly agricultural, it had two small towns, Faridkot and Kotkapura.

</doc>
<doc id="20552489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552489" title="Tsubasa Yokotake">
Tsubasa Yokotake

Career statistics.
Last update: "December 17, 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="20552490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552490" title="Li Xianting">
Li Xianting

Li Xianting is an independent art critic and curator of contemporary Chinese art.
In the late seventies and eighties, Li Xianting was involved in advocating and introducing the avant-garde art form in China. He organized the “Stars exhibition” in 1979, and coined the terms “Cynical Realism”and “Political Pop”. He also lectured and curated international shows, including the China Pavilion at the 45th Venice Biennale (1995). He is now the director of Songzhuang Art Museum [http://www.artnewsonline.com/issues/article.asp?art_id=2456 and Li Xianting's Film Fund [http://www.lixianting.org].
References.
1.Cornell University website [http://wason.library.cornell.edu/Wen/li_xianting.php]
2.The Prince Claus Fund website [http://www.prinsclausfonds.nl/nl/what_we_do/awards/princeclausawardLiXianting.shtml]
3."Memories of 1989", www.artzinechina.com [http://www.artzinechina.com/display_vol_aid252_en.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20552501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552501" title="Rutherglen railway station, Victoria">
Rutherglen railway station, Victoria

Rutherglen is a closed station located in the town of Rutherglen, on the Wahgunyah railway line in Victoria, Australia. 
The Wahgunyah railway line was opened as a whole from Springhurst to Wahgunyah in 1879. The passenger service was withdrawn on 13 April 1962, the last branch line mixed train to operate in Victoria.
Services were suspended in 1995, with the line practically closed. The 'Green TRail Associates Group' operated a trolley service over the line between Wahgunyah and Rutherglen for a number of years, known as the 'Stringybark Express - Lil Red Postal Motor'. In 2002 the line was handed back to the Victorian Government by lease holder Freight Australia, and in 2006 it was announced that the Murray to the Mountains Rail Trail would be built along the closed line, with 9 kilometres of trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20552504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552504" title="Wahgunyah railway station">
Wahgunyah railway station

Wahgunyah is a closed station located in the town of Wahgunyah, on the Wahgunyah railway line in Victoria, Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20552506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552506" title="Katsumi Yusa">
Katsumi Yusa

Career.
Sanfrecce Horishima.
Yusa debuted for Sanfrecce Horishima in a 2-2 home draw against Gamba Osaka in the 2007 J. League Division 1 on 1 December. Yusa also made two appearances in the 2007 J. League Cup. Sanfrecce Horishima finished third last of the 2007 J. League Division 1 table and were subsequently relegated to J. League Division 2 upon a 2-1 aggregate loss against Kyoto Sanga during the 2007 J. League Promotion/Relegation Series. Sanfrecce then claimed the 2008 J. League Division 2 having claimed 100 points in 24 matches, and were promoted to the 2009 J. League Division 1. Yusa, however, was loaned out to Zweigen Kanazawa where he participated in the 2009 Japanese Regional Leagues.
ONGC.
In January 2011, Yusa was transferred from Paraguayan División Intermedia side San Lorenzo to Indian I-League side ONGC FC. He scored his first goal in the 2010–11 I-League season in a 4-0 home win against Hindustan Aero on 9 April 2011. ONGC finished in 13th position of the 2010–11 I-League table and were relegated to the I-League 2nd Division for the 2012 season.
McDowell's Mohun Bagan A.C.
On 1 May 2013, Yusa agreed to join I-League side Mohun Bagan for the 2013-14 I-League season. He joined the team in July.

</doc>
<doc id="20552524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552524" title="Micro-pulling-down">
Micro-pulling-down

The micro-pulling-down (µ-PD) method is a crystal growth technique based on continuous transport of the melted substance through micro-channel(s) made in a crucible bottom. Continuous solidification of the melt is progressed on a liquid/solid interface positioned under the crucible. In a steady state, both the melt and the crystal are pulled-down with a constant (but generally different) velocity. 
Many different types of crystal are grown by this technique, including Y3Al5O12, Si, Si-Ge, LiNbO3, 
α-Al2O3, Y2O3, Sc2O3, 
LiF, CaF2, BaF2, etc. 
Crystal growth routine.
Standard routine procedure used in the growth of most of µ-PD crystals is well developed. The general stages of the growths include:

</doc>
<doc id="20552532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552532" title="Ghator">
Ghator

Ghator is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°12'0N 73°11'0E with an altitude of 175 metres (577 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Rurki and Manak.

</doc>
<doc id="20552533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552533" title="Ryota Moriwaki">
Ryota Moriwaki

Career.
He was selected in the national squad for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup finals as a late replacement for injured Gotoku Sakai.
Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Japanese Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20552547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552547" title="Wahgunyah railway line">
Wahgunyah railway line

The Wahgunyah railway is a closed railway line in the north-east of Victoria, Australia. Branching off the main North East railway at Springhurst, it ran north to Wahgunyah. The terminus was near the New South Wales Culcairn - Corowa railway, but no bridge was ever provided over the Murray River. As the two lines were of differing gauges and the stations 2.5 kilometres (1.25 miles) apart there was probably no particular benefit for the expense of building a bridge to connect the two differing systems. 
History.
The line was opened as a whole from Springhurst to Wahgunyah in 1879. The passenger service was withdrawn on 13 April 1962, being the last mixed train service to operate in Victoria.
Services were suspended in 1995, and the line effectively closed. However the 'Green TRail Associates Group' operated a trolley service over the line between Wahgunyah and Rutherglen for a number of years, known as the 'Stringybark Express - Lil Red Postal Motor'. In 2002 the line was handed back to the Victorian Government by lease holder Freight Australia, and in 2006 it was announced that the Murray to the Mountains Rail Trail would be built along the closed line, with 9 kilometres of trail. This was completed in 2009.
Stations.
Wahgunyah Railway Station 
Lilliput Railway Station
Rutherglen Railway Station 
Springhurst Railway Station 

</doc>
<doc id="20552550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552550" title="Rurki">
Rurki

Rurki is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°11'0N 73°11'0E with an altitude of 175 metres (577 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Ghator and Kot Rajput.

</doc>
<doc id="20552556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552556" title="Issei Takayanagi">
Issei Takayanagi

Career statistics.
Last update: 5 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20552563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552563" title="Kot Rajput">
Kot Rajput

Kot Rajput is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°9'0N 73°13'0E with an altitude of 173 metres (570 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Kutruwal and Bhagthal.

</doc>
<doc id="20552579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552579" title="East Fork River">
East Fork River

The East Fork River is a roughly tributary of the New Fork River in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It flows southwest from the Wind River Range to a confluence with the New Fork south of Boulder.

</doc>
<doc id="20552603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552603" title="Carl Bennett">
Carl Bennett

Carl Bennett (December 7, 1915 – May 16, 2013) was an American basketball general manager and head coach. He was born in Rockford, Indiana in 1915 and began his sports career by playing softball. He was recruited by Fred Zollner in 1938 and would remain on his staff, coaching the Fort Wayne Pistons briefly in the 1948–49 BAA season and later becoming general manager. Bennett would also launch a 15-year campaign to get Zollner inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame, which occurred in 1999. Bennett died at the age of 97 on May 16, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20552617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552617" title="Tomoyasu Hirose">
Tomoyasu Hirose

Career statistics.
Last update: 20 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20552620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552620" title="Henrique Salas Feo">
Henrique Salas Feo

Henrique Fernando Salas Feo (born December 14, 1960) is a Venezuelan politician, President of the centre-right party Project Venezuela, and the former governor of Carabobo State. He is the son of the former Carabobo Governor and 1998 presidential candidate Henrique Salas Römer. He has run for Governor of Carabobo in five elections (1995–2008), winning four times.
Studies and jobs.
He holds degrees in economy and industrial relations and post-graduate degrees from the Institute of High Studies of Administration (Venezuela) and the Chase Manhattan Bank. He has worked for IBM International in the section of Market and Sellings Management.
Political career.
In the Venezuelan parliamentary election, 1993 he ran successfully for the Venezuelan Congress, becoming deputy for his home state.
In the Venezuelan regional elections, 1995 he was elected governor of Carabobo and re-elected in 1998. In the 2000 elections, after the approval of the new Constitution of Venezuela, he won a new term. In the 2004 election he lost his re-election bid to chavista candidate Luis Felipe Acosta Carlez.
In the 2008 election he ran again backed by the National Unity, a broad coalition of opposition parties including Project Venezuela. This time against chavista Mario Silva, a former host of the TV channel Venezolana de Televisión. On November 23 he won the election with 49% of the votes and was sworn on December 4.
Between 2002 and 2004 he was Vice-President of the Union of Latin American Parties (UPLA), a regional division of the International Democratic Union (IDU) that groups conservative political parties from Latin America.
In May 2009 Salas Feo was noted for calling for a "piggy bank" of cash saved up during the oil "bonanza era" to be used to make up shortfalls in block grants to regional governments.

</doc>
<doc id="20552624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552624" title="Chris Holden">
Chris Holden

Christopher Holden (born July 19, 1960) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly since 2012. He is a Democrat representing the 41st district, in its new location encompassing the northern San Gabriel Valley and the San Gabriel Mountains in Southern California. He was elected the Democratic Majority whip of the Assembly. He is a member of the California Legislative Black Caucus. Holden is the son of Los Angeles politician Nate Holden.
History.
Prior to being elected to the state assembly, Holden was a Pasadena city council member, and a former mayor of the city, serving from 1997 to 1999. He is the second longest-serving city councilmember in the city's history, having served since 1989.
Holden is an alumnus of Pasadena High School and San Diego State University. He first ran for seat 3 of the Pasadena City Council in 1985, but lost narrowly to incumbent Loretta Thompson-Glickman. He was elected four years later, and was appointed Mayor in 1997. During his term, the City charter was revised to allow for open election of the mayor. However, in the first citywide mayoral election, Holden was defeated by former Councilmember and current Pasadena Mayor Bill Bogaard.

</doc>
<doc id="20552641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552641" title="Alegría (Wayne Shorter album)">
Alegría (Wayne Shorter album)

Alegría is an album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Verve Records in 2003. It the second album to feature the 'Footprints Quartet' of Shorter, Danilo Perez, John Patitucci and Brian Blade.
The piece "Orbits" is a complete and quasi-orchestral reimagining of the song of the same name, originally recorded by the Second Miles Davis Quintet and released on the album "Miles Smiles" in 1967, while "Angola" originates on Shorter's own 1965 album, "The Soothsayer".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "As he approached his 70th birthday, this disc seemed to confirm a long-awaited creative Indian summer for Wayne Shorter." "Alegría" won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Album in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20552642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552642" title="Bowser railway station">
Bowser railway station

Bowser is a railway station located just north of the city of Wangaratta on the North East railway line in Victoria, Australia. It served as the junction for the Peechelba East and Bright branch lines. The name remains in use today for a block point at the 243.852 kilometre post.
History.
The railway through the station north to Wodonga opened in November 1873, but the station did not come into being until September 1875, when work begun on the branch line to Beechworth. The station opened to traffic as "Beechworth Junction" on 7 July 1875. It was renamed "Bowser" in 1922 after John Bowser, a local politician and Premier of Victoria.
The station buildings dated to 1890, but interchange of goods traffic between the branch and main line was handled at Wangaratta station, six kilometres to the south. In 1927 the station became a three-way junction when the line to Peechelba East was opened. Freight facilities included bulk grain storage, livestock loading ramps, and a fertiliser store. Passenger facilities were not provided until 2 February 1891, and was closed to passenger traffic on 1 October 1972. Bowser closed entirely on 13 April 1987 when the line from Everton (the last part of the Beechworth line) closed. The Peechelba East line had closed in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20552643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552643" title="Tetsuro Ota">
Tetsuro Ota

Career statistics.
Last update: 20 February 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20552644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552644" title="Research centers and laboratories at the University of California, Berkeley">
Research centers and laboratories at the University of California, Berkeley

The University of California, Berkeley, contains many research centers and laboratories.
Renewable and Appropriate Energy Laboratory.
The Renewable and Appropriate Energy Laboratory (RAEL) is a research laboratory based at the University of California, Berkeley. It focuses on designing, testing, and disseminating renewable and appropriate energy systems.
Berkeley APEC Study Center.
The Berkeley APEC Study Center (BASC) is an APEC Study Center. It was established in 1996 in response to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders Education Initiative introduced by President Bill Clinton and endorsed by the leaders of the other APEC member nations at their historic meetings on Blake Island, Seattle in November 1993. BASC conducts multidisciplinary research activities that analyze political, economic and business trends in the Asia-Pacific with a special emphasis on the APEC forum. The institute also provides academic supports for the dissemination of APEC's mission and conducts "international conferences, colloquia, and outreach to the business and policy community". BASC is currently engaged in researching domestic determinants of East Asian regionalism and the effects of the rise of Russia, India and China on the U.S.-EU transatlantic alliance. Previous areas of research include Northeast Asian and Asian institutional architecture, bilateral trade agreements in the Asia-Pacific, EU transregionalism strategies, and strategies for international trade and politics in Latin America.
The Berkeley Roundtable on the International Economy (BRIE).
BRIE conducts a variety of research in the area of political economy, with a particular focus on high-tech trade. BRIE projects have shown, for example, that national comparative advantage is created not revealed, that high-tech trade patterns are massively influenced by domestic policies, and that what a nation produces and trades—the composition of domestic production—matters for its growth and security. BRIE is co-directed by Professors John Zysman and Steven S. Cohen, though a number of other faculty members, visiting scholars, and graduate students are also affiliated with the institute.
Institute of International Studies.
The Institute of International Studies was established in 1955, and its current research focuses on peace and global security in the 21st century; environment, demography, and sustainability; globalization, development, and human rights; and technological change and the transformation of the global economy. IIS hosts several major research programs, provides support to Berkeley faculty, awards fellowships to Berkeley graduate students, and offers research training to undergraduates.
Regional and Area Studies Centers.
UC Berkeley hosts a number of research units that are focused on specific areas of the world. These centers host visiting scholars, organize events, provide support to Berkeley faculty and students, and perform a wide array of other functions. A number of the institutions focus on Asia; the Institute of East Asian Studies often collaborates with the Center for Japanese Studies, the Center for Chinese Studies, the Center for Korean Studies, Center for Southeast Asia Studies, and the Center for Buddhist Studies. Other research centers include the Canadian Studies Program, the Center for African Studies, the Center for Latin American Studies, the Center for Middle Eastern Studies, the Center for South Asia Studies, the Institute of European Studies, and the Institute of Slavic, East European, and Eurasian Studies.
Institute of Transportation Studies.
Institute of Transportation Studies has been recognized as one of the world's leading centers for transportation research. They also conduct industry specific education programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20552656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552656" title="National Cultural Ecosystem Conservation Areas of China">
National Cultural Ecosystem Conservation Areas of China

National Cultural Ecosystem Conservation Area (NCECA) is a specific area designated by the Ministry of Culture of the People's Republic of China. Aimed at holistically protecting cultural patterns that are historically and culturally rich, in good state of existence and have important values and distinctive features, its core function is to conserve the intangible cultural heritage in China.
As of 2013, there are 14 NCECAs in the PRC. Currently all of these protected areas are techninically called "experiment areas". A formal designation as "National Cultural Ecosystem Conservation Area" will only be granted upon completion of the project (subject to inspection and acceptance by the Ministry of Culture). 

</doc>
<doc id="20552672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552672" title="Gerald Ford Supreme Court candidates">
Gerald Ford Supreme Court candidates

During his time in office, President Gerald Ford made one appointment to the Supreme Court of the United States. Ford nominated John Paul Stevens to replace Associate Justice William O. Douglas, whom Ford had unsuccessfully attempted to impeach while Ford was a congressman.
In December 1974, the 76-year-old Douglas suffered a stroke while vacationing in Nassau, Bahamas that paralyzed his left arm and leg. Douglas was discharged from Walter Reed Army Medical Center in March 1975, and was in and out of the hospital for the remainder of the 1974-1975 term. Although Chief Justice Warren E. Burger urged Douglas to retire, Douglas showed no intention of doing so. However, Douglas' condition continued to deteriorate, and on October 28, 1975, his doctors told him his condition would never improve and that he would be paralyzed and in near-constant pain for the rest of his life. On November 12, 1975, Douglas announced that he would immediately retire and assume senior status. On November 28, 1975, Ford nominated John Paul Stevens to replace Douglas. Stevens was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 17, 1975.
Politics.
Throughout much of the history of the United States, the Supreme Court of the United States was considered the least powerful branch of the government, and nominations to that body, although important, were not the source of great political controversy as they are today. Over the course of the 1950s, 60s and 70s, the Supreme Court had become a significant source of social change through decisions such as "Brown v. Board of Education" and "Roe v. Wade".
Ford, who had been appointed to the Vice Presidency after Nixon's second term began, and who assumed the Presidency without having sought the office, did not articulate a philosophy for the kind of justices he would like to appoint to the Supreme Court, the way subsequent presidents did. It is significant that Ford involved himself less in the earlier stages of the process of identifying candidates for the court than some later presidents did; when the Douglas vacancy arose, he essentially left the decision up to his attorney general, Edward H. Levi. At the same time, one of Ford's reasons for attempting as a congressman to impeach Douglas in 1970 involved what Ford called Douglas' "liberal opinions."
John Paul Stevens nomination.
After Douglas announced his retirement on November 12, 1975, Ford asked attorney general Edward Levi to draw up a list of potential candidates. Ford was under pressure from Democrats in Congress to replace Douglas with another liberal, but at the same time, he was under similar pressure from Republicans to name a conservative. Ford handed Levi the task of narrowing down the list of candidates to a manageable number, and Levi then gave Ford a list of eighteen candidates, grouped into four categories based on Levi's impressions of them. Ford annotated the list and ranked the contenders, narrowing the list to "five or six names," Ford later wrote. The list included United States Solicitor General Robert Bork, United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit judge John Paul Stevens, United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit judge Cornelia Groefsema Kennedy, United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Carla Anderson Hills, and United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit judge Arlin M. Adams.
Bork wound up being disqualified because of his close ties to Nixon, while Adams was considered to be a solid conservative (but without Bork's associations) and also flashy and overly self-confident. Levi pushed for Stevens, a fellow Chicago native. Ford debated between his final two contenders, Stevens and Adams. "Both had received excellent ratings from the American Bar Association; both had had distinguished careers," Ford later wrote. "I pored over their legal opinions myself. Stevens' opinions were concise, persuasive and legally sound. It was a close call, but after talking to Levi and (White House Counsel Philip) Buchen, I selected Stevens in December."
Despite Ford's statement in his autobiography that he had selected Stevens in December, Ford actually formally nominated Stevens to the Supreme Court on November 28, 1975. The Senate confirmed Stevens in a 98-0 vote on December 17, 1975. Senators James Allen (D-AL) and Birch Bayh (D-IN) did not vote.
Names frequently mentioned.
Following is a list of individuals who were mentioned in various news accounts and books as having been considered by Ford for a Supreme Court appointment:

</doc>
<doc id="20552705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552705" title="Józef Englicht">
Józef Englicht

Józef Englicht (1891–1954) was a Polish Army lieutenant colonel and intelligence officer.
Career.
During World War I, Englicht fought in the Polish Legions.
After the first world war, he served on the Polish General Staff's Section II (the intelligence section), eventually becoming its deputy chief. In this position, like the successive Section II chiefs, Tadeusz Schaetzel and Tadeusz Pełczyński, he was very supportive of Marshal Józef Piłsudski's Promethean project, aimed at liberating the non-Russian peoples of the Soviet Union. 
From 1937 to March 1939 Englicht commanded the 79th Infantry Regiment, before resuming his post as deputy chief of Section II, in which position he went through the 1939 September Campaign.
Englicht made his way to Great Britain, where in 1942 he was appointed commandant of the Infantry Training Center ("Centrum Szkolenia Piechoty") and in 1944 commandant of the Center for Advanced Military Studies ("Centrum Wyższych Studiów Wojskowych"). From March 1945 he was commandant of the War College ("Wyższa Szkoła Wojenna").
After the war, in London, he wrote for and edited the Polish military journal, "Bellona".

</doc>
<doc id="20552714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552714" title="Behind the Iron Curtain">
Behind the Iron Curtain

Behind the Iron Curtain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20552740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552740" title="Kutruwal">
Kutruwal

Kutruwal is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°8'30N 73°11'30E with an altitude of 172 metres (567 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Kot Rajput and Risalapur.

</doc>
<doc id="20552751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552751" title="Risalapur">
Risalapur

Risalapur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°9'0N 73°11'0E with an altitude of 171 metres (564 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Chhajwali and Rurki.

</doc>
<doc id="20552752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552752" title="Kink.com">
Kink.com

Kink.com is a San Francisco-based internet pornography company that runs a group of websites devoted to catfighting, BDSM and related fetishes.
Hogtied.
Kink.com was started by UK-native Peter Acworth in 1997 while he was a PhD student in finance at Columbia University. After reading a story in a British tabloid about a fireman who made £250,000 in a short period by starting an internet pornography site, Acworth decided to start a porn site of his own. Since Acworth had what he described as a lifelong interest in bondage, he oriented the site toward BDSM porn. The site was called Hogtied.com and initially featured content that was licensed from other primary producers. The site was successful, and the site was soon grossing several thousand dollars per day. Acworth soon left his graduate studies to work on the site full-time.
Acquisition of the San Francisco Armory.
In 1998, Acworth moved the company from New York City to San Francisco. Finding that sales were leveling off because other sites were using the same content, Acworth began producing his own material, initially featuring himself with various models who he found through Craigslist or through his photographer friends. He opened the company's second site, Fucking Machines, in 2000, and has since opened twenty six additional subscription websites. Fucking Machines was also reviewed by RabbitsReviews in 2004, and now has a score of 88/100.
Several websites under the Kink.com umbrella feature directors that relocated following the demise of Insex as a result of US government pressure in 2005, but offer more of a focus on consensuality than Insex was known for.
In late 2006, Kink.com purchased the San Francisco Armory for $14.5 million, for use as a production studio. A group known as the Mission Armory Community Collective formed to oppose Kink.com's use of the building and in early February 2007 held a public protest in front of the building.
At one point, there were plans to demolish part of the building to make way for a condominium development. Ironically, this brought in supporters who welcomed Kink.com's preservation of the historic building as part of an overall attempt to revitalize and bring back business to the area, without altering the appearance of the historic building.
San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom also expressed concern over the Kink.com purchase, and scheduled a special meeting of the San Francisco Planning Commission in March 2007 to review the company's use of the building. The meeting was well-attended by both supporters and opponents of the Kink.com purchase. The Planning Commission for its part ruled that Kink.com was not in violation of any law or zoning requirement.
Although Kink.com has stated that its activities would be invisible to the surrounding neighborhood, La Casa de las Madres, a neighboring women's shelter, announced that they would be leaving the location because of the media scrutiny of Kink.com's presence. In addition to utilizing the Armory for its own productions, Kink.com also rents space in the historic building to local independent filmmakers to use as locations in non-pornographic narrative films and videos.
Criticism.
Some residents of the Mission District were disturbed by Kink.com's purchase of the San Francisco Armory, feeling that a pornography studio should not be located in the middle of a residential neighborhood near schools or that the site should have been used for low-income housing or other community-oriented uses. At one point, there were plans to destroy part of the structure to accommodate condominium development.
Anti-pornography campaigner Melissa Farley has compared the images produced by Kink.com to images of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib, and testified against Kink.com's purchase of The Armory in a March 2007 meeting of the San Francisco Planning Commission.
Kink.com has also been the subject of criticism from other gay-BDSM centric websites. Websites such as Bondagezine.com have criticized Kink.com of having no real ties towards the gay community and for having more straight-centric websites than they do gay ones.
Specialty websites.
In 2007, the company's website Fucking Machines was involved in a trademark dispute when the United States Patent and Trademark Office refused to grant a trademark for the name of the site, asserting that it was obscene. Also in 2007, the company began streaming regular live shows, in part as a defense against copyright infringement. One Kink.com bondage site, Device Bondage, now streams monthly live shows, and erotic wrestling site Ultimate Surrender began streaming its competitive matches live in 2008.
In 2008, the company added on-demand technology to its websites, selling updates to their websites on a per-episode basis rather than strictly by subscription. This system recently began adding third-party content, including that from Germany's "Marquis".
The company recently launched a site called BoundGods.com, a gay bondage site directed by Van Darkholme (also the director of Naked Kombat). Bound Gods was launched under a new gay-focused division, KinkMen.com.
In November 2008, Kink.com was nominated for a 2009 AVN Award in a new category, Best Adult Website.
Documentary.
In 2013 "Kink", a documentary, was made about the company.

</doc>
<doc id="20552755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552755" title="Shogo Sakai">
Shogo Sakai


</doc>
<doc id="20552757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552757" title="Raising Hell">
Raising Hell

Raising Hell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20552765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552765" title="CSRWire">
CSRWire

CSRWire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20552768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552768" title="Chhajwali">
Chhajwali

Chhajwali is a town of the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°9'0N 73°8'50E with an altitude of 171 metres (564 feet). Neighbouring settlements include Barsarabad Sharqi and Guru Ka.

</doc>
<doc id="20552789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552789" title="Hidenori Ishii">
Hidenori Ishii

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20552791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552791" title="James Sargent Russell">
James Sargent Russell

James Sargent Russell (March 22, 1903 - April 14, 1996) was an admiral in the United States Navy.
Biography.
Russell was born in Tacoma, Washington, the son of noted architect Ambrose J. Russell and Loella Janet (Sargent) Russell. He attended DeKoven Hall School and graduated from Stadium High School in 1918. He joined the Merchant Marine as an ordinary seaman, before entering the United States Naval Academy in 1922. He graduated, and was commissioned as ensign, on 3 June 1926.
Russel served aboard the battleship . He entered the flight training program at Naval Air Station Pensacola, and was designated a Naval Aviator in 1929.
In the next decade he was assigned to tours of aviation duty both aboard ship and ashore, and also obtained a Master of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology.
In July 1941 Russell joined Patrol Squadron 42 (VP-42), a PBY squadron based in the Aleutians, and on August 16 of that same year, assumed command. When the United States entered World War II he led VP-42 into action against Japanese forces in the Aleutian Islands Campaign, receiving the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal for his actions in leading his squadron against the enemy in "extremely hazardous weather conditions". Later that same year he was awarded the Legion of Merit for his "exceptionally meritorious" services in establishing advanced bases in the area and operating his squadron from them. His squadron was itself also awarded a Navy Unit Commendation. While in command of VP-42, Russell played a key role in the capture of the Akutan Zero. 
Russell returned to Washington for duty in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations and the Bureau of Aeronautics. He then returned to the Pacific as Chief of Staff to the Commander of Carrier Division 2, part of the Fast Carrier Task Force. For his planning and coordination of the Striking Group in action against the Japanese he was awarded a Gold Star in lieu of a second Legion of Merit.
After the war, he commanded the escort carrier . He then reported to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission for duty as commander of the Commission's task group during the "Operation Sandstone" atomic bomb tests of 1948. For his contribution to the successful completion of these tests, he was awarded a second Gold Star in lieu of a third Legion of Merit.
From 1951 until March 1952 Russell commanded the aircraft carrier as a unit of the Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean. Following this duty he again served in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, as Head of the Military Requirements and New Development Branch, Air Warfare Division, until July 1953, when he assumed duty as Director of the Air Warfare Division. He was promoted to the rank of Rear Admiral in 1953. On 16 May 1954 he became Commander of Carrier Division 17, and in October of that year transferred to command of Carrier Division 5.
On 4 March 1955, he assumed the duties of Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics. In that position he was awarded the 1956 Collier Trophy, along with Mr. C. J. McCarthy of Chance Vought Aircraft, for their work in the development of the Vought F-8 Crusader supersonic fighter - the outstanding contribution to aviation in that year.
From June 1957 Russell served as Deputy Commander in Chief of the Atlantic Fleet with the rank of Vice Admiral before being appointed Vice Chief of Naval Operations on 21 July 1958 with the four-star rank of Admiral. He served in that post until 1962, and then as Commander-in-Chief of NATO's Allied Forces Southern Europe (CinCAFSOUTH) before retiring in 1965.
Decorations.
Apart from his US military medals Russell was awarded French Legion of Honor; Greece's Order of George I; Italy's Order of Merit of the Italian Republic; Peru's Great Cross of Naval Merit; and Brazil's Order of Naval Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20552802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552802" title="Roman Catholicism in Guam">
Roman Catholicism in Guam

The Roman Catholic Church in the United States unincorporated territory of Guam is part of the worldwide Roman Catholic Church under the spiritual leadership of the Pope and curia in Vatican City and locally administered by the Archdiocese of Agaña. 
Catholicism was a product of Spanish colonial control as the island was part of the Spanish East Indies until 1898, when the United States acquired it after the Spanish-American War. The patron saint of Guam and the Marianas Islands is Our Lady of Camarin (Chamorro: "Sånta Marian Kåmalen"), a miraculous image found in the waters off the island's southwest coast sometime between the 17th and 18th centuries. 
On October 14, 1965, the vicariate apostolic was raised to a diocese. The first supreme pontiff to visit the island was Pope John Paul II in 1981. Guam has been sending delegations of young people to World Youth Day since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20552809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552809" title="Takuya Sonoda">
Takuya Sonoda

Career statistics.
Last update: 20 February 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20552812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552812" title="Hamilton, Ontario municipal election, 2000">
Hamilton, Ontario municipal election, 2000

The Hamilton municipal election of 2000 was held on November 13, 2000 to select, for the first time, a mayor, fifteen members of the Hamilton City Council and members of both English and French public and Catholic school boards for the newly amalgamated City of Hamilton.
City Council Election.
The 2000 election sent seven out of eight incumbents back to City Hall from the original city. The new suburban seats were all filled by individuals who were active in their respective town councils. The major upset was in the mayoral race, which was won by former Ancaster Mayor Robert Wade over incumbent Hamilton Mayor Robert Morrow.
Ward Four (East Hamilton-Barton).
'Ward 4 - North-East Hamilton'
Ward Five (Red Hill-Redhill).
'Ward 5 - East Hamilton-Redhill'
Ward Six (East Mountain).
'Ward 6 - East Mountain'
Ward Seven (Central Mountain).
Councillor - Ward 7
Ward Eight (West Mountain).
'Ward 8 - West Mountain'
Ward Ten (Lower Stoney Creek).
'Ward 10 - Lower Stoney Creek'
Ward Eleven (Glanbrook-Winona).
'Ward 11 - Glanbrook-Winona'
Ward Thirteen (Dundas).
'Ward 13 - Dundas' 
Ward Fifteen (Flamborough).
'Ward 15 - Flambrough'

</doc>
<doc id="20552838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552838" title="Mama Mia (In-Grid song)">
Mama Mia (In-Grid song)

"Mama Mia" was a single of an Italian artist In-Grid. It was released in 2005.
A Spanish-English version of the song was also released.
Song information.
This song is about a love life of In-grid. Her love is to small for a moment that In-grid became his girl. He had said to her, tell or he'll go and has what time she re-examine him and all the time it was Mrs. thing the same stories without thinking.
Lyrics.
The lyrics were written by In-Grid and Marco Soncini, who co-produced the song with Alfredo Larry Pignagnoli. The English version was also co-written by Daniela Galli (also known as Dhany) and Paul Sears.

</doc>
<doc id="20552863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552863" title="Shruthi">
Shruthi

Shruthi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20552867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552867" title="Geoff Cox">
Geoff Cox

Geoff Cox (born 13 March 1951 in St Kilda, Victoria) is an Australian musician and media personality. He is often referred to as Coxy.
He is most notable for having played drums with the Brian Cadd and with bands Cycle, The Bootleg Band and also Avalanche. He also filled in as drummer with the Little River Band while Derek Pellici recovered from burns following a BBQ accident. More recently he became a light entertainment presenter on the Seven Network. Currently he hosts "Coxy's Big Break".
Cox has been an Australia Day Ambassador. He has supported other charitable causes, including Cabrini Institute and Zoos Victoria.
In 2008 Cox survived bowel cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20552883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552883" title="Kenta Kifuji">
Kenta Kifuji

Career statistics.
Last update: 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20552910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552910" title="Kentaro Sato (footballer)">
Kentaro Sato (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="20552961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552961" title="Saffron terror">
Saffron terror

Saffron terror are acts of violence that have been described as being motivated by Hindu Nationalism. However, in some cases the motivation for the acts has not been clearly determined, and in others it has been determined to be unrelated to Hindu nationalism. The term comes from the association of the colour saffron with Hindu nationalism in India. The phrase "saffron terror" entered public debate in India following the 29 September 2008 western India bombings. It is a controversial phrase.
The Home Minister of India, P. Chidambaram urged Indians to beware of "Saffron terror" on 25 August 2010 at a meeting of state police chiefs in New Delhi. This was the first time the word was formally used by the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, though it is used also by other ministers of the UPA Government. The term is used to refer to right wing religious fundamentalists in India, as per its usage by P. Chidambaram.
Investigations and allegations.
Hindu extremist organisations have been accused of involvement in terrorist attacks including 2006 Malegaon blasts, Mecca Masjid bombing (Hyderabad), Samjhauta Express bombings and the Ajmer sharif dargah blast.
Samjhauta Express bombing.
Twin blasts shook two coaches of the Samjhauta Express around midnight on 18 February 2007. Sixty-eight people were killed in the ensuing fire and dozens more were injured. There have been a number of breaks in the investigation of the bombings. It has been linked to Abhinav Bharat, a shadowy Hindu fundamentalist group. In November 2008, it was reported that the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) suspected the attacks were linked to Prasad Shrikant Purohit, an Indian army officer and member of Hindu nationalist group Abhinav Bharat, albeit Purohit himself claimed that he had "infiltrated" the Abhinav Bharat and he was only doing his job. On 8 January 2011, Swami Aseemanand confessed that Saffron terror outfits were behind the bombing of Samjhauta express, a statement later found to be obtained under duress. Aseemanand claimed that he was tortured to give a false statement. During an army's Court of Inquiry as many as 59 witnesses stated to the court along with Officers who testified that Purohit was doing his job (of gathering intelligence inputs) by infiltrating extremist organisations.
Nevertheless, other allegations also concurred on Lashkar-e-Taiba. United States even declared Arif Qasmani, a Pakistani national and allegedly 'LeT financier', to be the chief coordinator of the 2006 train bombing in Mumbai as well as the 2007 Samjhauta Express bombings and labelled him an international terrorist after approaching the United Nations about it. As of 2013, nobody has been convicted for the crime in India.
2008 Malegaon blasts.
In the 29 September 2008, three bombs exploded in the States of Gujarat and Maharashtra of India killing 8 persons and injuring 80. During investigation in Maharashtra, alleged the involvement of a Hindu group in the blasts. The three arrested were identified as Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, Shiv Narayan Gopal Singh Kalsanghra and Shyam Bhawarlal Sahu. All three were produced before the Nashik Chief Judicial Magistrate’s court, which had remanded them to police custody till 3 November. On 28 October, the Shiv Sena, in Saamna, came out in support of the accused saying the arrests were merely political in nature. Lending credence to this, party chief, Uddhav Thackeray, pointed out a potential conflict of interest in political rivalry as the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) controlled the relevant ministry. His editorial also condemned an attack by NCP party workers on a VHP office in Nashik following the arrest of the sadhvi. Allegations were also made that Pragya was framed for political reasons.
Prasad Shrikant Purohit was accused of being involved in the blast. He was taken in Police custody in connection with alleged forgery in procuring a gun from the military, but not yet because of the investigation of terror charges. His counsel alleged that Purohit was being falsely framed for political reasons and that he could even be eliminated by the ATS because he has intelligence data of a sensitive nature pertaining to Students Islamic Movement of India and Inter-Services Intelligence operations, which could embarrass some quarters.
Lt Col Shrikant Purohit of the India army and Pragya Singh Thakur, have been described as representing Saffron terror. NIA, National Investigative Agency, has found no evidence against Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur and it is recommending the court to drop all charges against her.
Mecca Masjid bombing.
The Mecca Masjid bombing occurred on 18 May 2007 inside the Mecca Masjid, a mosque in Hyderabad.
There are conflicting reports as to the perpetrators of the attack. Fourteen people were reported dead in the immediate aftermath.
On one side, The National Investigation Agency, Central Bureau of Investigation and Anti Terrorist Squad (India) claim former members of the RSS were behind the Makkah Masjid bombing implicating a nationalistic reason behind the attack.
On 19 November 2010, the Central Bureau of Investigation produced the preacher Swami Aseemanand before the court in connection with the Makkah Masjid blast in Hyderabad in May 2007. Other cases that he has been linked with include 2007 Samjhauta Express bombings, 2008 Malegoan & Modasa bombing and Ajmer Sharif Dargah blast. But later he has redacted the 'confession' on basis of the claim that he was mentally and physically "pressured" to state that he was behind the blast. Aseemanand stated that the NIA is on the prowl to target nationalists like him in the name of Saffron Terror. Punjab and Haryana high courts to issue a notice to the National Investigation Agency to investigate the allegations of torture. In December 2012 NIA claimed Hindu Right Wing extremist Rajender Chaudhary was the one who planted the bomb and was a key accused. He was remanded in custody for 12 days.
The South Asia Terrorism Portal, the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, the National Counterterrorism Center the United States, and the United Nations reported that Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami was actually behind the attacks while excluding involvement by any Hindu group. Noting this, security analyst Bahukutumbi Raman has questioned "the two different versions that have emerged from Indian and American investigators." The South Asia Terrorism Portal cited Vikar Ahmed as a main suspect in the blast, and also noted that on 3 December 2008 Vikar Ahmed and an accomplice, Amjad were accused of firing at police officers attempting to arrest them in Hyderabad. Mohammed Abdul Shahid Bilal, former chief of HuJI’s Indian operations, is also regarded as a key suspect in the Mecca Masjid bombing, later he was shot by unknown gunmen in Karachi on 30 August 2007.
Other allegations.
Members of Abhinav Bharat have been alleged to have been involved in a plot to kill Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh President Mohan Bhagwat. allegedly with the help of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence. Headlines Today released a recorded video tested by the Central Forensic Science Laboratory which indicated the uncovering of an alleged plot to assassinate the Vice-President of India Hamid Ansari. Tehelka also released alleged audio tapes transcripts of main conspirators of Abhinav Bharat which indicated involvement of Military intelligence officers with the Abhinav Bharat group in their January 2011 edition.
The Indian Home Secretary Raj Kumar Singh released the names of 10 people, who were involved in the blasts, also alleged to have been involved with the RSS at some point or the other.
According to some released documents by WikiLeaks, Congress(I) party's general secretary Rahul Gandhi remarked to US Ambassador Timothy Roemer, at a luncheon hosted by Prime Minister of India at his residence in July 2009, that R.S.S. was a "bigger threat" to India than the Lashkar-e-Tayiba. RSS spokesman Panchjanya responded that the statement showed that Gandhi "is totally unaware of the history of Hindutva as well as the concept of nationalism."
At The Annual Conference of Director General of Police held in New Delhi on 16 September 2011, a special director of the Intelligence Bureau (IB) reportedly informed the state police chiefs that the Hindutva activists have either been suspected or are under investigation in 16 incidents of bomb blasts in the country.
Organisations and people accused.
The following organisations are subject to accusations of involvement in acts of saffron terrorism:
Usage.
The first known use of the term "Saffron Terror" is from an 2002 article in Frontline in reference to 2002 Gujarat Riots.
However it was in the aftermath of the 29 September 2008 bomb blast in the predominantly Muslim town of Malegaon in Maharashtra that these terms came to be used widely.
In late 2008, Indian police arrested members of a Hindu radical cell allegedly involved in an attack Malegaon which killed 7 Muslims. For incidents like these, Saffron terror has been used synonymously with "Anti-Muslim terrorism" or "Anti-Muslim reprisals" and also as Hindu terrorism.
Former Home Minister of India P. Chidambaram urged Indians to beware of "Saffron terror" on 25 August 2010 at a meeting of state police chiefs in New Delhi. This was the first time the word was "officially" used by the Government of India. Since making the remark, a Hindu Swami in the Patan district has filed a defamation lawsuit against Chidambaram, on the grounds that the saffron colour is a conventional Hindu symbol and worn regularly by Hindu religious clergy, and that Chidambaram has hurt the sentiments of Hindus by linking the symbol with terrorism. Chidambaram responded by stating "I cannot claim patent on the phrase." On 6 September 2010 a Gujarat court ordered a probe into the use of the term by Chidambaram. Chidambaram was also criticised by members of his own party (the Indian National Congress) for the use of the term, with Congress spokesman Janardhan Dwivedi claiming "terrorism does not have any colour other than black".
It has been debated that term saffron terrorism is a misnomer considering the historical descriptions of saffron colour compared to the definitions of terrorism. Saffron is the colour of the upper band of the Indian National Flag as specified by the Government of India. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, who was India's first Vice-President and second President, described the saffron colour as follows. The saffron colour appears in the party flags of various national parties of India like Indian National Congress and Bharatiya Janatha Party. Saffron coloured flag is commonly seen in most temples in India. Buddhist monks typically wear saffron robes as a symbol of wisdom. The United States Department of Defense defines terrorism as "the calculated use of unlawful violence or threat of unlawful violence to inculcate fear; intended to coerce or to intimidate governments or societies in the pursuit of goals that are generally political, religious, or ideological." According to United Nations General Assembly the descriptions of terrorism is found as follows: "Criminal acts intended or calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public, a group of persons or particular persons for political purposes are in any circumstance unjustifiable, whatever the considerations of a political, philosophical, ideological, racial, ethnic, religious or any other nature that may be invoked to justify them."
Criticism.
The term has been called as a "myth" by the journalist Balbir Punj who claims that the term is an invention of the Indian National Congress party to demonise their political opposition as "terrorists". Similar views have been expressed by other journalists in India Bahukutumbi Raman, former head of the Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW), criticised the term as a tool for political posturing toward the Muslim minority. Kanchan Gupta and Swapan Dasgupta, have accused investigators of leaking statements about saffron terror to the media to promote the agenda of the Congress. Raman accused the media of measuring Muslim and Hindu suspects by different yardsticks.
The Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) president, Rajnath Singh, denounced claims of Hindu terrorists as "vilification of Hindu saints and army officers in the name of Hindu terrorism".
In 2010, the internet whistleblower organisation WikiLeaks released documents attesting to some leaders of the Indian National Congress alleging involvement of Hindu right-wing groups in the death of ATS chief Hemant Karkare during the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks. The cable concluded that such allegations were being used for electoral gains. The term "Saffron Terror" was prominently used by some Congress party members in this campaign, most prominently by Digvijay Singh. The BJP criticised these statements and filed a complaint with the Election Commission of India citing it as a violation of the Model Code of Conduct for guidance of political parties. The Election Commission issued a show-cause notice to Digvijay Singh on this complaint. Hindu spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has also criticised the usage of the term, saying that it is a myth and insult to Hindu religion, which he said is the most tolerant religion.
The main opposition party BJP accused the government of targeting Hindus.

</doc>
<doc id="20552997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20552997" title="List of awards and nominations received by Taylor Swift">
List of awards and nominations received by Taylor Swift

Taylor Swift is an American singer-songwriter. She is signed with Big Machine Records and as of October 2013, has released 4 studio albums, "Taylor Swift", "Fearless", "Speak Now", and "Red". "Fearless", the best selling country album of both 2008 and 2009, became the most awarded album in country music history. Swift has been nominated a total of 282 times, and has won 221 awards. 
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Award are presented annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the music industry. The awards were established in 1958. At the 52nd Grammy Awards, at the age of 20, Swift became the youngest artist ever to win the coveted Grammy for Album of the Year.
She has been nominated a total of nineteen times and has won seven awards.
Academy of Country Music Awards.
The Academy of Country Music Awards is an annual country music awards show, established in 1964. Taylor Swift has been nominated for a total of twenty six competitive awards, winning four. Additionally, the Academy of Country Music awarded Swift with the Crystal Milestone Award in 2009 and the Jim Reeves International Award in 2011, bringing Swift's total ACM Awards wins to six. The 2009 win of "Fearless" in the "Album Of The Year" category made Swift the youngest artist in ACM history to win the award. She also became the second female artist after Carrie Underwood to win back-to-back Academy of Country Music (ACM) Awards for Entertainer of the Year (2011/12).
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual major American music award show by the American Broadcasting Company. It was established in 1973. Taylor Swift has received fifteen awards out of eighteen nominations
BRIT Awards.
The Brit Awards (stylized as the BRIT Awards; often simply called the Brits) are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards and the British equivalent of the American Grammy Awards
Country Music Association Awards.
The Country Music Association Awards is an annual country music awards show, established in 1967. Taylor Swift has been nominated for a total of 21 competitive awards, winning eight of those awards. At age 19 Swift is the youngest artist to ever be nominated for, and win, the award for Entertainer of the Year. Additionally, Swift was also awarded by the CMA with the "International Artist Achievement Award" in 2009 and 2013, which recognizes outstanding U.S.-based artists who contribute the awareness and development of country music throughout the world. Swift became the first female country singer to be nominated for 5 or more awards since Reba McEntire was nominated for 7 awards back in 1994. In 2013 Swift became the second person (and first woman) to receive the Country Music Association's Pinnacle Award.
Songwriters Hall of Fame.
The Hal David Starlight Award is an award given yearly to gifted songwriters. Swift is one of the ten winners. In 2014, Swift won Johnny Mercer Award and became the youngest artist to be honored this award.
American Country Awards.
The American Country Awards is a country music awards show, entirely voted on by fans. Created by the Fox Network, the awards honor country music artists in music, video, and touring categories.
Billboard Music Awards.
Billboard Music Awards were previously discontinued, since 2007, but winners in many categories have been announced by Billboard both in the press and as part of their year-end issue. Since 2011, the awards shows were shown again. Taylor Swift has received forty nominations and thirty of which she has won. She has been nominated for 12 awards in 2013, 8 awards which she has won out of 12 nominations.
Billboard Touring Awards.
Billboard honours the industry’s top artists, venues and professionals of the year at the annual Billboard Touring Awards reception. These awards are based primarily on the Billboard Boxscore chart, recognizing true box office success and industry achievement 
Billboard Mid-year Music Awards.
Billboard.com's Mid-Year Music Awards poll, which allowed fans to weigh in on their favorite artists, songs, albums and performance of the first six months of the year.
BMI Awards.
The Broadcast Music, Incorporated (BMI) Awards is an annual award show hosted for the purpose of giving awards to songwriters. Songwriters are selected each year from the entire BMI catalog, based on the amount of performances during the award period.
At the 56th annual BMI awards, "Teardrops on My Guitar", a song co-written by Taylor Swift and Liz Rose, took home the honor, "Country Song of the Year". Beside Teardrops on My Guitar, Tim McGraw and Our Song both earned the honors of "BMI Award Winning Song" in 2007 and 2008 respectively.
At the BMI's 57th Annual Pop Awards in 2009, Taylor Swift's crossover hit Teardrops on My Guitar earned a BMI Pop Award. In addition to that, Swift also received the BMI President’s Award, which honors an exceptional individual in the entertainment industry deserving of special recognition. The BMI President’s Award is presented only on unique occasions when an individual has distinctly and profoundly influenced the industry.
At the BMI's Annual Country Awards in 2009, Swift won the prestigious "Song of the Year" award for her single "Love Story." She also received awards for "Picture to Burn" and "Should've Said No."
At 2010, her hit single "You Belong With Me" won the "Song of the Year" award and she became the youngest person who has won the "Country Songwriter of the Year".
CMT Awards.
CMT Artists of the Year Awards.
The CMT Artist of the Year Awards are given, since 2010, by the Country Music Television to honor the top country acts of each year. Swift was awarded four times, in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
CMT Music Awards.
The CMT Music Awards is an annual country music awards show, established in 2002 by Country Music Television. Taylor Swift has received eighteen nominations, six of which she has won.
CMT Teddy Awards.
The CMT Teddy Awards is a special music video award show dedicated to celebrate Valentine's Day. It's held, since 2012, by the Country Music Television. There are eight categories, such as "Best Kiss in a Video" and "Sweetest Video". Swift has been nominated four times.
CMT Online Awards.
CMT Online Awards is an annual online award show, established in 2006 by Country Music Television. This is a "fan-voted" award show, based on the fans going to CMT.com streaming the videos and viewing the artists' pages. The winner in each category received the highest numbers of streams and views on CMT.com.
CMC Music Awards.
The CMC Music Awards is an Australian Country Music awards show, which also recognizes international artists.
Country Music Award Of Australia.
The Country Music Awards of Australia is an annual awards night held in January during the Tamworth Country Music Festival, in Tamworth, New South Wales, Australia celebrating recording excellence in the Australian country music industry.
Golden Globe Awards.
The Golden Globe Awards were established in 1944 by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association to celebrate the best in film and television. Swift has received two nominations.
MTV Awards.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards (EMA) were established in 1994 by MTV Networks Europe to celebrate the most popular music videos in Europe. Swift has received three awards out of six nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Taylor Swift has received six nominations and won the award twice in the Best Female Video, making her the first country singer to ever win a VMA. 
MTV Movie Awards.
The MTV Movie Awards is a film awards show presented annually on MTV. Swift received one nomination.
MTV Video Music Brazil.
The MTV Video Music Brazil (VMB) was established by MTV Brasil in 1995. Taylor Swift has received one nomination.
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica.
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica is the Latin American version of the MTV Video Music Awards.Swift has received three nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards Japan.
The MTV Video Music Awards Japan are the Japanese version of the MTV Video Music Awards. Taylor Swift has received five nominations.
Radio Disney Music Awards.
Radio Disney Music Awards is a Fan Voted. On March 15, 2013, Swift received 3 nominations.
Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Australians Kids' Choice Awards is an annual awards show which commends entertainers, voted by children aged 12–19. The show is usually held during September and a party is held at Dreamworld's Nick Central where spectators attend to watch the Kids' Choice Awards. Swift has received three nominations.
Nashville Songwriters Association International (NSAI) Award.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International honored Taylor Swift, who tied with Alan Jackson, for the award of "Songwriter/Artists of the Year" in 2007. Swift is the youngest person ever to be honored with the title. The NSAI Award is voted by the professional songwriter members of the NSAI. Swift won the award again in 2010
Virgin Media Music Awards.
The Virgin Media Music Awards are the annual music awards. The winners are declared on their official site "Virgin Media".
People's Choice Awards.
The People's Choice Awards are a venue for the American public to honor their favorite actors and actresses, musical performers, television shows, and motion pictures. It is fans who voted.
She has received 5 awards out of 12 nominations.
Premios 40 Principales.
Los Premios 40 Principales, is an award show by the musical radio station Los 40 Principales. Created in 2006 to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the founding of the worldwide station. Swift received one nomination.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards is an annual fan voted awards show established in 1999 by the Fox Broadcasting Company. Taylor Swift has received 31 nominations, which she has won 20 awards.
Young Hollywood Awards.
The Young Hollywood Awards is an annual award event that took place since 1999, honoring promising and up-and-coming stars in Hollywood. At the 10th annual Young Hollywood Awards, Taylor Swift was honored with "Superstar of Tomorrow", even though she is not a Hollywood star. Swift is the first musician to be recognized with the honor.
Canadian Country Music Association.
The Canadian Country Music Association (CCMA) was founded in 1976 as the Academy of Country Music Entertainment to organize, promote and develop a Canadian country music industry. In 2012, she was awarded the inaugural Generation Award.
Nashville Music Awards.
Nashville’s best musical talent came together to honor the best independent musicians of the year (Country Artist).
The SiriusXM Indies Awards.
The SiriusXM Indies acknowledge, promote and honour the achievements of Canadian and international artists in the independent music sector.
Channel Thailand Music Video Awards.
The were established in 2002 by .
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards (also known as (the) MMVA or MMVAs) are annual awards presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic to honour the year's best music videos.
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards are based on kids’ favorite television shows, movies, singers, and books. It is fan voted.
Juno Award.
The Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music. New members of the Canadian Music Hall of Fame are also inducted as part of the awards ceremonies. Taylor has received 3 nominations.
ARIA Award.
The Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (commonly known as ARIA Music Awards or ARIA Awards) is an annual series of awards nights celebrating the Australian music industry, put on by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
MYX Music Awards (Philippines).
The MYX Music Awards honor the biggest hitmakers in the Philippines. The "Favorite International Music Video" is the only category of the MYX Music Awards that give honors to international sensations. 
Annual Independent Music Awards.
This Grammys-of-the-Indie scene, the closing party of Canadian Music Week, has quickly become a media flashpoint and major trolling ground for music fans and tastemakers searching for the next wave of music superstars. Celebrating the successes of indie artists - both from home and abroad - The Indies have become an annual must-attend event.
J-14 Teen Icon Awards.
The Icon Awards is an annual fan voted awards. Taylor Swift has received 6 awards out of 23 nominations.
Taste of Country Awards.
Taste of Country Awards is an annual awards in Country Music.Taylor Swift received 21 nominations 13 of these she won.
YouTube Music Awards.
The first YouTube Music Awards, directed by Spike Jonez and webcast live on Sunday November 3, 2013 had viewers vote on nominations grouped into six categories, including Video of the Year, Artist of the Year, Response of the Year, YouTube Phenomenon, YouTube Breakthrough and Innovation of the Year. The nominees were selected based on views over the past 12 months. With over 16 Million votes cast. 
The OK! Awards.
OK! Awards is a Fan Voted Reader's Poll.
Taiwan HITO Radio Music Awards.
The HITO Radio Music Awards () are given annually by HITO Radio, the parent company of Taiwanese radio station Hit FM.

</doc>
<doc id="20553002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553002" title="Every Time Two Fools Collide – The Best of Kenny Rogers and Dottie West">
Every Time Two Fools Collide – The Best of Kenny Rogers and Dottie West

Every Time Two Fools Collide – The Best of Kenny Rogers and Dottie West is a 1993 compilation album by country superstar Kenny Rogers compiling his songs with Dottie West.
Overview.
The album collects a selection of songs recorded by Rogers and West in the 1970s and '80s. It features selections from the two studio albums the duo made, as well as the 1981 hit single "What Are We Doin' in Love?" one of their three US #1 chart singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20553013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553013" title="List of automobiles manufactured in Argentina">
List of automobiles manufactured in Argentina

This is a list of automobile models which are / or have been manufactured in Argentina.
Sources:
Discontinued models.
Note: "Some manufacturers who made models under license are not identified."

</doc>
<doc id="20553060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553060" title="Jacob Reust">
Jacob Reust

Jacob Reust is an Australian minor league baseball player for the Gulf Coast Indians. He was signed as a pitcher to the Cleveland Indians organisation in February 2007 and was released April 2009.
During the time Reust was in the USA, he only pitched one inning due to injury and technique being worked on during the season. The game he pitched was on 26 August 2008 in the eighth inning of the final game of the Gulf Coast League season against the Gulf Coast Blue Jays. Reust pitched just the one defensive inning, facing three batters and forcing out all three.
Reust plays for the Redcliffe Padres where he has the honour of hitting the first home run at Talobilla Park but has been made unavailable to pitch in the Greater Brisbane League as well as the 2009 Claxton Shield due to his contract.
Jacob was released from the Indians in April 2009 where he returned to Australia to play for the Queensland U23 team.

</doc>
<doc id="20553062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553062" title="Winton railway station">
Winton railway station

Winton is a closed station located in the township of Winton, on the North East railway in Victoria, Australia. The station opened on 9 December 1887 as a firewood siding, the railway having opened in 1873. The passenger platform was on the eastern side of the line, but was closed to passenger traffic in 1959. The platform was then removed to allow the goods siding to be relocated there, to permit the construction of the parallel standard gauge line. The siding as since been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20553068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553068" title="Tetzilacatl">
Tetzilacatl

The tetzilacatl was an Aztec percussion instrument. This vibrator or resonator, was a tray of copper suspended by a cord, which was struck with sticks or with the hand. It appears to have been principally confined to the sacred music in the temples. 

</doc>
<doc id="20553086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553086" title="Facet joint injection">
Facet joint injection

Facet joint injections are used to alleviate symptoms of facet joint syndrome.
The procedure typically takes 15–20 minutes, and usually uses local anesthetic. Using modern X-ray technology, multiple x-ray snapshots are taken during the procedure to ensure that the needle and injected agents are being directed into the correct location. After the procedure, it can take up to two weeks to achieve permanent relief from the symptoms.

</doc>
<doc id="20553100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553100" title="First Congregational Church and Parsonage">
First Congregational Church and Parsonage

First Congregational Church and Parsonage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553119" title="Yusuf IV, Sultan of Granada">
Yusuf IV, Sultan of Granada

Yusuf IV (died 1432) was the sixteenth Nasrid ruler of Granada in Al-Andalus on the Iberian Peninsula in 1432. He was known as Yusuf Ibn al-Mawl, or in Spanish, Abenalmao. A maternal grandson of Muhammed VI, Yusuf IV was placed on the throne of Granada on 1 January 1432 with the support of the Catholic King John II of Castille, in return for tribute and vassal status. Yusuf IV was captivated and executed in April 1432. He may be identical to Abenamar in the Romance of Abenamar, a medieval "frontier romance" describing the meeting with John II.
In 1431, there were several claimants to the throne of Granada. King Muhammed IX had entered Iberia from Tunisia in 1428 or 1429, with the promise of Castilian support in overthrowing Muhammed VIII. However, the Castilian Catholic King John II did not decisively support either, instead playing them against each other to obtain greater tribute and the concession of Granada as a vassal of Castile. Muhammed VIII surrendered in 1429 and was killed in March 1431, leaving Muhammed IX on the throne, but without having reached an agreement with Castile. John II continued to demand greater concessions, and would not offer a permanent peace. Instead, he supported another candidate, Yusuf IV. Yusuf agreed to tribute and to be John's vassal.
His son Aben Celim was the father of "Cidi" Hiaya Alnayar, later renamed Pedro de Granada, who married Cetimerien Venegas, later renamed María de Venegas, and had issue, including the Lords of Campotéjar (including Alessandro Grimaldi, Doge of Genoa) and the Marquesses of Casablanca and the Lords of the Majorat of la Torre Marquesses of Torre Alta.

</doc>
<doc id="20553136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553136" title="United South of England Eleven">
United South of England Eleven

The United South of England Eleven (USEE) was an itinerant cricket team founded in November 1864 by Edgar Willsher, as secretary, and John Lillywhite, as treasurer. The USEE had no home venue as its prime purpose, like all similarly named teams of the time, was to operate as a travelling show and bring top-class cricket to places in Great Britain and Ireland which rarely received it. Fourteen USEE matches have been recognised by "CricketArchive" as first-class, mostly against the rival United North of England Eleven (UNEE). The USEE is estimated to have played 217 "odds" matches as a visiting team against local club sides which generally used 22 players.
The USEE was founded at a time of protracted antagonism between northern and southern professionals when the public's demand for exhibition matches was in decline. This was due to an excess of supply, as there had been several predecessors, and the growing interest in county cricket that was developing in the 1860s. But the USEE did succeed in prolonging its existence when it signed contracts with W. G. Grace and his brother Fred in 1870.
For the next ten years, until Fred Grace's early death, the Grace brothers ran the USEE as its match organisers, for which they received payment, but they played for expenses only. Although the Graces were an expensive acquisition, they were cricket's main attraction and were guaranteed to draw large crowds wherever the USEE played. As a result, the USEE continued to prosper while the trend among its rival elevens was to fade from the scene. The USEE was the last of the major travelling elevens to fold, having seen a decline in public interest through its last three or four seasons. The travelling elevens lost out in the cricket market to county cricket which burgeoned during the 1870s, ironically because of the Graces' county Gloucestershire. In addition, the public quickly warmed to international cricket which emerged at the end of the 1870s. The travelling elevens, which played largely meaningless matches against weak and unbalanced opposition, could not compete with the quality of top-class matches played by the county clubs against each other or a touring Australian team.
Foundation.
The USEE was created by Edgar Willsher, as secretary, and John Lillywhite, as treasurer in November 1864. It was part of the fall-out from a north-south schism within professional cricket which centred on bad relations between Nottinghamshire and Surrey. The two counties played each other in July 1864 but then the northern professionals boycotted an England v Surrey match and a North v South match later in the season. The southern professionals played in the North v South and won with embarrassing ease against makeshift opposition. Soon afterwards, they issued a statement that they would not honour the return match and this ended the fixture for some years. It was temporarily replaced by a match involving mostly southern players which was called North of the Thames v South of the Thames. In "Scores and Biographies", it was noted that "the United South was formed at first entirely from secessionists from the All England and United All-England Elevens, principally the latter body". W. G. Grace commented that "after 1864 the All-England and United England Elevens were seen very little in the south".
The most significant event in the USEE's history was a match in August 1866 at John Walker's Ground against a Southgate XV formed by V. E. Walker and his family. Southgate won the game by 3 wickets but, for the first time, the USEE team included W. G. Grace, who scored 0 and 2. Also involved was E. M. Grace but he only ever played for the USEE a couple of times whereas W. G. and Fred Grace would in time become the team's mainstays.
After their father died in December 1871, W. G. and Fred Grace increased their involvement with the USEE to finance both their home (they still lived with their mother) and their medical studies. They received payment from USEE funds for organising matches and claimed expenses for travel and accommodation whenever they played. For example, when the team went to Scotland in 1872, the USEE was paid £100 by their hosts to cover the costs and £5 each went to the nine professionals in the team, leaving £55 (which in 2013 would be about £3,300) of which the lion's share would go to the Graces with perhaps £30 to W. G. and £15 to Fred (i.e., about £900 and £450 respectively per match in 2013 terms). Since W. G. averaged ten USEE appearances per season through the 1870s, he was potentially receiving £10,000 per season in 2013 terms. This was not the end of it because he claimed appearance fees whenever he guested for another team, rightly adjudging himself to be the main attraction who was bringing in the crowds; and he claimed what he termed his "expenses" whenever he took part in a first-class match. By the standards of the time, cricket was a lucrative business for the Graces, especially considering that they held amateur status.
The peak of the Graces' involvement was 1873 when W. G. made 16 appearances, which was considerable in terms of the travelling involved and given his commitments to Gloucestershire, MCC and elsewhere. James Lillywhite was the team secretary at this time, in succession to Willsher, but W. G. and Fred effectively took over. Fred did most of the spadework, hardly ever missing a match and effectively running the team which he captained in W. G.'s absence. Indeed, it was on occasion billed as "G. F. Grace's United South of England XI".
USEE matches against the UNEE.
When the United North of England Eleven (UNEE) was founded in 1869, it soon established a regional rivalry with the USEE and the two teams met three times in 1870, the UNEE's first season. The UNEE got off to a flying start when they easily beat the USEE, including the Graces, at Lord's in July 1870 by an innings and 70 runs. In the next match at Bramall Lane, Sheffield, the UNEE won by an innings and 5 runs. The Graces did not play in this game. The teams met again at The Oval in August and this match was drawn, the USEE needing 33 more to win with eight wickets standing and W. G. Grace still in with 51 not out.
The teams did not meet in 1871 and their rivalry was renewed in 1872 when four matches were arranged although the last one at Leeds in September was cancelled. The first match at Bishop's Stortford in June was drawn. In August, the UNEE won by 8 wickets at Hunslet. In September at Northampton, the tide turned and the USEE recorded its first win over the UNEE by 8 wickets.
The elevens did not meet in 1873 and there were two matches in 1874 at Todmorden and Wellingborough. At Todmorden in July, the USEE won convincingly by an innings and 30 runs, largely due to a century by Henry Charlwood and ten wickets taken by W. G. Grace. The USEE won by 9 wickets at Wellingborough in September after the UNEE followed on.
There were no matches in 1875 and then the UNEE reasserted itself in 1876 with a win and a draw from two matches. The first at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield was won by 7 wickets after Andrew Greenwood scored 111. In the second match at the Town Cricket Club Ground in Hull, the UNEE was saved by an innings of 108 not out by Ephraim Lockwood but the highlight of the match was W. G. Grace's innings of 126 in a USEE total of only 159.
Other first-class matches.
The 1876 match in Hull was the last time the UNEE played the USEE although there was a curious footnote to the series when the USEE played against the official North of England cricket team on 6 & 7 September 1880. The North's team in this match at Rotherham bore little resemblance to the UNEE but, nevertheless, the official North hammered another nail into the coffin of the unofficial USEE with a 53 run victory.
The USEE had earlier played in two other first-class matches. These were in June 1874, when they played Yorkshire in Bradford; and May 1876 when they played the All-England Eleven (AEE) at Lord's. The USEE lost both these matches. Yorkshire beat them by 26 runs. They lost to the AEE by an innings and 84 runs.
Odds matches.
According to "CricketArchive"'s database, the USEE played in 217 matches in which they were the travelling team operating on an itinerant basis by taking on local sides that invariably had odds, typically using 22 players against the USEE's eleven. The first of these games took place at Dublin in May 1865 and the USEE fielded a strong team of Surrey and Sussex professionals, but the Ireland XXII managed a draw. The last-ever match was at Stroud on 9, 10 & 11 September 1880, just after the match in Hull against the official North. The match against the Stoud XXII was drawn. Poignantly, it was also the last cricket match ever played by USEE stalwart Fred Grace, who died eleven days later. According to Simon Rae, the United South died with him.

</doc>
<doc id="20553138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553138" title="Mon Mane Na">
Mon Mane Na

Mon Mane Na may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553142" title="Kuala Terengganu by-election, 2009">
Kuala Terengganu by-election, 2009

The Kuala Terengganu by-election of 2009 was held on 7 January 2009 after the death of the incumbent Member of Parliament, Razali Ismail. In the 2008 election, Datuk Razali won by a slim 628 vote majority, defeating Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party heavyweight Mohamad Sabu and 89-year-old independent candidate, Maimun Yusuf. Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi and Barisan Nasional was confident that Barisan Nasional will retain the Kuala Terengganu parliamentary seat. The Prime Minister has rejected the assumption that there would be a big swing by the voters to the Opposition. Opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim stated that Parti Keadilan Rakyat and DAP would support any candidate PAS picked. He was optimistic that Pakatan would make it in Kuala Terengganu if all its coalition parties worked hard to face the might of the Barisan Nasional election machinery. In the 2008 election Razali, a government minister of the UMNO party, defeated a Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) opposition candidate by 628 votes.For the by-election PAS nominated state assemblyman Mohd Abdul Wahid Endut, while Barisan Nasional monimated Wan Ahmad Farid Wan Salleh. Mohd Abdul won the by-election by 2,631 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20553195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553195" title="Balmattum railway station">
Balmattum railway station

Balmattum is a closed station located in the township of Balmattum, on the North East railway in Victoria, Australia. It had a single platform on the eastern side of the broad gauge line, with the standard gauge running behind.
The station opened in 1889 for firewood traffic, with numerous sawmills located in the immediate area, with passenger facilities were first provided in 1890. In 1916 the yard was rebuilt with a new platform and signal box, three road yard, and a goods siding. The station was closed to all traffic except wagon loads in 1965, and today there is little left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20553211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553211" title="Werner Reinhart">
Werner Reinhart

Werner Reinhart (19 March 188429 August 1951) was a Swiss merchant, philanthropist, amateur clarinetist, and patron of composers and writers, particularly Igor Stravinsky and Rainer Maria Rilke. Reinhart knew and corresponded with many of the great names of the early-mid 20th century in the European artistic and musical world, and his Villa Rychenberg in Winterthur became an international meeting point for musicians and writers.
He was sometimes referred to as "the Winterthur Maecenas". Alice Bailly named Werner Reinhart "L'homme aux mains d'or" – the man with the golden hands, and her 1920 portrait of him is called "The Man with the Golden Heart".
Oskar Kokoschka also painted his portrait in 1947.
Werner Reinhart inherited his wealth from the Volkart family business, based in Winterthur, but he was never much involved in running the company. Reinhart and Hermann Scherchen played a leading role in shaping the musical life of Winterthur between 1922 and 1950, the emphasis being on contemporary music, and they were instrumental in numerous premieres being performed there. Scherchen was one of many people whom Reinhart patronised, not least in Scherchen's case because he had to pay alimony to no less than five ex-wives.
People Reinhart supported and assisted.
Othmar Schoeck.
Othmar Schoeck was left destitute when World War I broke out. His appointment as conductor of the St. Gallen Symphony Orchestra (with special permission to remain resident in Zürich), combined with the annuity Werner Reinhart gave him from 1916 onwards, allowed Schoeck to give up his jobs as chorus director and to compose more or less undisturbed. Schoeck was not given to overt signs of gratitude, but he dedicated to Werner Reinhart the following works:
Igor Stravinsky.
Igor Stravinsky approached Reinhart for financial assistance when he was writing "Histoire du soldat" (The Soldier's Tale). The first performance was conducted by Ernest Ansermet on 28 September 1918, at the Théâtre Municipal de Lausanne. Werner Reinhart sponsored this performance, and to a large degree underwrote it. In gratitude, Stravinsky dedicated the work to Reinhart, and even gave him the original manuscript.
Reinhart continued his support of Stravinsky's work in 1919 by funding a series of concerts of his recent chamber music. These included a suite of five numbers from "The Soldier's Tale", arranged for clarinet, violin, and piano, which was a nod to Reinhart, who was an excellent amateur clarinetist. The suite was first performed on 8 November 1919, in Lausanne, long before the better-known suite for the seven original instruments became widely known. Stravinsky dedicated his "Three Pieces for Clarinet" (composed October–November 1918) to Reinhart, in gratitude for his ongoing support.
Reinhart founded a music library of Stravinskiana at his home in Winterthur.
Rainer Maria Rilke.
In 1919, Rainer Maria Rilke travelled to Switzerland from Munich. The outward motive was an invitation to lecture in Zürich, but the real reason was the wish to escape the post-war chaos and take up once again his work on the "Duino Elegies". The search for a suitable and affordable residence proved to be very difficult and Rilke lived in various places. Only in the summer of 1921 was he able to find a permanent abode in the Chateau de Muzot in the commune of Veyras, close to Sierre in Valais. It was at Muzot, in February 1922, that Rilke, in a storm of inspiration, wrote most of the fifty-five "Sonnets to Orpheus" and several smaller collections of poems. In May 1922, after deciding he could afford the cost of considerable necessary renovation, Werner Reinhart bought Muzot so that Rilke could live there rent-free, and became Rilke's patron. Here Rilke completed his greatest work, the "Duino Elegies".
During this time, Reinhart introduced Rilke to his protégée, the Australian violinist Alma Moodie. Rilke was so impressed with her playing that he wrote in a letter: "What a sound, what richness, what determination. That and the "Sonnets to Orpheus", those were two strings of the same voice. And she plays mostly Bach! Muzot has received its musical christening..."
Paul Hindemith.
Paul Hindemith's Clarinet Quintet, first performed at the ISCM Festival in Salzburg on 7 August 1923, was dedicated to Werner Reinhart, as was his Canon in Three Voices "Sine musica nulla disciplina" (1944).
Reinhart told Gertrud Hindemith "there was something Mozartian" about her husband's writing "Trauermusik" in less than a day in London after the death of King George V, and premiering it the same evening. "I know no one else today who could do that", he said.
Ernst Krenek.
Ernst Krenek and his then wife Anna Mahler (daughter of Gustav Mahler) lived in Zurich 1924-25, at Reinhart’s invitation. Their marriage collapsed, however, and Krenek had a brief affair with Alma Moodie. While this relationship did not last, Krenek was so grateful for Moodie’s introduction to Reinhart's assistance that he dedicated his Violin Concerto No. 1, Op. 29, to her. His "Kleine Suite", Op. 28 (1924) was written for Reinhart himself.
Arthur Honegger.
Werner Reinhart was the primary financial supporter of the Théâtre du Jorat, where Arthur Honegger’s oratorio "Le Roi David" premiered, and corresponded with its owner René Morax.
Honegger’s Sonatine for Clarinet and Piano (1921–22) was written for Reinhart.
Honegger's "Pastorale d’été" was played in Berlin on 9 November 1922, conducted by Bernhard Seidmann. This was financially supported by Werner Reinhart, who also urged Honegger to program "Horace victorieux", a work he believed to be far more important.
Anton Webern.
It was thanks to Werner Reinhart that Anton Webern, who was living in political isolation in Austria, was able to attend the premiere of his "Variations for Orchestra", Op. 30 in Winterthur in 1943. Reinhart invested all the financial and diplomatic means at his disposal to enable Webern to travel to Switzerland. In return for this support, Webern dedicated the work to him.

</doc>
<doc id="20553214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553214" title="Mon Mane Na (2008 film)">
Mon Mane Na (2008 film)

Mon Mane Na ( "") is a Bengali romance Movie was released in 2008,directed by Sujit Guha, the movie featured Dev, Koel Mallick. This movie is adopted from the 1995 American romantic comedy movie French Kiss.
Plot.
Rahul (Dev) & Ria (Koel Mallick) met as they are independently travelling to Siliguri. Ria is running away to meet her boyfriend while Rahul’s reason is sell his steal. The destination however for both are the hills of Darjeeling.
Rahul and Ria are bound by fate here onwards. They knowingly steps into each other's life as well as behind each other’s back as they travel, as Rahul hides his steal in Ria’s bag. It gets into the hands of a thief…… For Rahul the steal is the only hope, and that is something Ria realizes on visiting Rahul’s family.Things take a turn around when Ria is heart broken, as her relationship with her boyfriend falls apart.
She offers to aid Rahul one hand and makes a deal with her father on the other. As things falls into place for one. The world shatters for the other.
Couples are made in heaven…… Love becomes inevitable when two people cross each other’s path and passes through the good and the bad times.
Rahul and Ria meet again but in an altogether different circumstances. This time neither is it in an alien land nor are they alone.But in the last,they both confess their love,and get married.

</doc>
<doc id="20553228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553228" title="Creighton railway station">
Creighton railway station

Creighton is a closed station located in the township of Creighton, on the North East railway in Victoria, Australia. The station had a single platform on the east side of the broad gauge line, with the standard gauge line running behind. The station opened in 1887 as "Synon's Siding", to serve a sawmill of the same name. In 1888 it was renamed "Creighton's Creek" which was then shortened to "Creighton".
By 1901 the station was only open for firewood traffic, but reopened in 1908 with additional sidings. In 1911 the main line was slewed away from the platform along number 2 road, leaving it on a loop siding. This remained until 1916 when the station was again rebuilt, a new goods shed and sidings provided, in addition to a new station building and 30 lever signalling frame. The station was closed to all traffic except for truck loads of goods on July 25, 1965 and then removed in 1967. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20553284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553284" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Brunswick County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brunswick County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Brunswick County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20553308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553308" title="Amaninamide">
Amaninamide

Amaninamide is a cyclic nonribosomal peptide. It is one of the amatoxins, all of which are found in several members of the "Amanita" genus of mushrooms.
Toxicology.
Like other amatoxins, amaninamide is an inhibitor of RNA polymerase II. Upon ingestion, it binds to the RNA polymerase II enzyme which completely prevents mRNA synthesis, effectively causing cytolysis of hepatocytes (liver cells) and kidney cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20553310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553310" title="Sever Voinescu">
Sever Voinescu

Sever Voinescu (, full last name Voinescu-Cotoi; born June 19, 1969) is a Romanian journalist, political analyst, diplomat and right-wing politician. A Foreign Affairs Ministry figure during the mid-1990s, he was later a Consul General of Romania in Chicago, United States. Voinescu became known as a columnist for "Dilema Veche" weekly and "Cotidianul" daily, and worked for the Institute for Public Policies, a political think tank. As pundit, Voinescu supports conservative ideas, and criticizes left-wing and welfare state solutions as applied to his country.
Often described as a member of the intellectual faction close to President Traian Băsescu, Voinescu was characterized by political opponents as a person lacking in independence, a verdict which, in 2007, cost him advancement in the diplomatic service. He subsequently joined the Democratic Liberal Party (PDL), running in the 2008 legislative election and earning a deputy seat for Ploieşti. From April 2009 to February 2011, he was Secretary of the Deputies' Chamber.
During his time in office, Sever Voinescu became known as a supporter of inner-party reform and pressed for the PDL's transformation into a conservative group, although he is still noted for taking sides against stronger critics of the party line. He also regularly spoke out against media opponents of Băsescu and the PDL, accusing part of the press of being politically controlled by the opposition parties. Voinescu was subsequently involved in several political controversies, including claims that he has used his Chamber position to push for electoral fraud.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Born in Ploieşti, Sever Voinescu stated having grown up in a public housing area, and being a "child of the tower block". Baptized Romanian Orthodox, and identifying himself with liberal Orthodoxy, he grew up into a supporter of the social and political involvement of religious individuals, and recommends tolerance between believers and non-believers. Voinescu graduated from the Pedagogic High School's primary school, the Alexandru Ioan Cuza High School's gymnasium, and the Mihai Viteazul National College, while training in parallel with an amateur basketball team.
A graduate of the University of Bucharest Faculty of Law in 1992, he was a practicing lawyer until 1996. Initially, Voinescu was a trainee lawyer in his native city, but later joined a female colleague in opening a law firm, based in Bucharest. In parallel, he became noted for his cultural and political column in "Dilema Veche" (known then as just "Dilema"). His debut, Voinescu recalls, occurred in 1994, and resulted in his "addiction" to writing. According to a presentation for "Înapoi la argument", the Romanian Television talk show of philosopher Horia-Roman Patapievici: "Sever Voinescu is one of the distinct voices in Romanian cultural journalism. His writing is in fact a moral attitude from a well-defined perspective, with no conjectural ambiguities." In the political climate following the 1989 Revolution, Voinescu also became active on the public scene, originally as a member of the civil society platform known as Group for Social Dialogue (a membership which, in 2008, he listed as one of the "tidbits in my biography that I take pride in").
Voinescu joined the Bucharest bar association in 1994. In 1995-1997, he was Assistant Professor for the Academy of Economic Studies (ASE) Law Faculty. He had previously given seminar-level classes at the ASE and several private universities. For a while in 1997, some months after the 1996 legislative election, which were won by the right-wing Romanian Democratic Convention (CDR), he was Counselor to the General Secretariat of the Victor Ciorbea government, answering to Remus Opriş. He referred to this point in his career as "an interesting turn", and recounts that the CDR victory had made him "enthusiastic". From 1998 to 2000, during the CDR premierships of Radu Vasile and Mugur Isărescu, Voinescu served as General Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, under Ministers Andrei Pleşu and Petre Roman. Voinescu recounts that he accepted the request because it had been voiced by "Dilema Veche" editor Pleşu, a man whom he calls his "mentor".
Between 2000 and 2003, he was assigned the diplomatic office in Chicago, returning to lead the Institute for Public Policies' Foreign Policies and International Relations Program. He had been relieved from diplomatic office by the new Social Democratic executive of Adrian Năstase, and reflects back on the period: "I left the diplomatic career without a scandal and without regrets." During the following period, Sever Voinescu began contributing a political column to "Cotidianul". He also became noted a supporter of America's War on Terror, including the Second Iraq War. These sentiments were echoed in his columns for "Dilema", and criticized from a Francophile position by academic Roxana Ologeanu. Voinescu's articles covered a wide range of subjects, among which reviewers highlight his interventions on the topic of Romanian economy, his posthumous homage to American literary theorist Susan Sontag, and his defense of Chalcedonian Christianity against neo-Gnosticism.
Support for President Băsescu and related controversy.
Voinescu established himself on the political scene after the 2004 legislative and presidential elections, when the Social Democrats were defeated by the Justice and Truth coalition (DA), which also successfully endorsed Băsescu as President. As DA split into the Democratic Party (later PDL) and the National Liberals, the latter of which unsuccessfully endorsed the anti-Băsescu impeachment referendum of 2007, Voinescu expressed his support for the president. At that time, he joined 49 other intellectuals in signing an open letter addressed to the National Liberal Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu government, questioning its policies and supporting those of the president. Among the other signatories were Patapievici, Adriana Babeţi, Hannelore Baier, Mircea Cărtărescu, Magda Cârneci, Ruxandra Cesereanu, Livius Ciocârlie, Andrei Cornea, Sabina Fati, Florin Gabrea, Sorin Ilieşiu, Gabriel Liiceanu, Mircea Mihăieş, Dan C. Mihăilescu, Virgil Nemoianu, Andrei Oişteanu, Dan Perjovschi, Andrei Pippidi, Şerban Rădulescu-Zoner, Victor Rebengiuc, Dan Tapalagă, Vladimir Tismăneanu, Florin Ţurcanu, Traian Ungureanu and Alexandru Zub. 
Just days before the referendum was carried by the pro-Băsescu option, the president endorsed Sever Voinescu for the office of Romanian Ambassador to the United States. This was coupled with his proposal to have journalist Traian Ungureanu appointed for the similar office in the United Kingdom. The proposals were presented to the Senate's Foreign Policy Committee, where Voinescu was rejected with 16 votes to 7. On the occasion, Social Democratic senator and Committee President Mircea Geoană, himself a former Ambassador to Washington, claimed that Voinescu's support for Băsescu made him a partisan option, and therefore unsuited for the office. In a November 2008 interview with "Evenimentul Zilei", Voinescu provided his own take on the event, commenting that the reason presented by the Committee was "purely political", and arguing that: "In that context they would have outvoted God himself, had he been supported by Băsescu. I had come forth with a serious program, one I intended to discuss over with the Committee. I was suggesting a number of alternatives as a framework for our future relationship with the USA, but the Committee members were rather more interested in evaluating my activities as a journalist. They couldn't care less about my diplomatic program, but they were heartbroken over what I had published as a political commentator." According to "România Liberă" newspaper, Voinescu was specifically rejected for the "colums favorable to President Băsescu that he had published in the press."
While the Constitution gave Băsescu the power of decision in the matter, his temporary loss of office and replacement with Nicolae Văcăroiu meant that Voinescu's name was no longer an option. In summer 2007, the new Minister, Adrian Cioroianu, was engaged in a lengthy debate with reconfirmed President Băsescu, during which time no new ambassadors were appointed in several world capitals.
Political candidature.
On July 23, 2008, Voinescu published his final "Cotidianul" column, announcing that he had agreed to run as a PDL candidate for the Chamber of Deputies in his native Prahova County. This was in view of the 2008 legislative election, the first such suffrage in Romania to be based on mixed member proportional representation and electoral colleges. In that article, Voinescu stated: "I have decided to run [...] in my native city of Ploieşti. The college comprises the neighborhood where I was born, grew up, lived through the first ages of youth and here my parents still live." Commenting on his motivation, Voinescu also wrote: "our politicians are trapped in moral and intellectual darkness which reaches the level of national catastrophe. I enter the arena because I want to bring clarity within the nebula."
In a 2008 interview with "Evenimentul Zilei", he elaborated: "There are moments in life when one wants to see if one is capable of doing what he requires others to do." At the same time, he clarified that his choice to rally with the PDL was motivated by the party representing "the authentic Right", and by the National Liberals experiencing "a temporary drift", arguing that he found a post-electoral alliance with the Social Democrats "impossible stinking", whereas the National Liberal Party had the "moral obligation" of joining the PDL in a new coalition. He also pointed out that, although a member of a faction politically allied with Băsescu, he did not intend to placate the latter in his public statements, and criticized his party for resorting to "suspicious borrowings [and bizarre additions" in order to meet the necessary number of candidates. Believed by "Evenimentul Zilei" to be the natural choice for a PDL Foreign Minister, he spoke in favor of continuing a close cooperation with the United States, and justified Romania's traditional qualms toward Russia. After joining the party, Voinescu became an Administrative Board member for its think tank, the Institute for People Studies.
The candidature sparked negative comments from "Jurnalul Naţional" columnist Victor Ciutacu, who paralleled it with news that journalists Ungureanu and Cătălin Avramescu were also planning to run in elections as PDL affiliates. Although describing Voinescu as "a coherent journalist", Ciutacu alleged that all three were basing their actions on their support for Băsescu, and that they were thus comparable to "lăutari" singers, "who, depending on how good their showmanship is, are rewarded by the man sitting at the head of the table." In contrast, journalists at "Gândul" concluded that both Voinescu and Avramescu were electoral assets coveted by PDL leader Emil Boc, who, like other public figures from non-politicized areas, could bring help the party earn extra votes in the post-party-list era.
Voinescu won the seat in the 10th Electoral College for Prahova County. "România Liberă" also noted that his constituency was already favorable to the PDL. All other seats in Ploieşti were claimed by PDL members—Andrei Sava and Roberta Alma Anastase as the other two deputies, Gabriel Sandu as senator. In a January 2009 interview with "Academia Caţavencu"s Eugen Istodor, Voinescu stated his dissatisfaction with the post-election Emil Boc cabinet, founded around a PDL-PSD alliance at the end of failed negotiations between the PDL and the National Liberals. He argued: "I am not part of any decision structure within the PDL, so there was no reason for me to be asked I though about the PSD alliance. [...] Within the PDL, there is a majority sentiment that it was the best of rationally possible solutions. The party is now in a moment. But there also exists a lucid minority which continues to believe that it was not at all the best best of rationally possible solutions." He added: "For my case, of what was said during the campaign, as well as from things before, nothing has changed. I have no reason to believe that the PSD is better now than when it was impeaching the president. [...] The new PSD elite is different from the old one only in the sense that it is more flexible, more versatile, more chameleonic."
Chamber Secretary and Băsescu's spokesman.
Voinescu was confirmed Chamber Secretary in April 2009, after a prolonged dispute within the coalition: although his candidature had been approved on principle by both coalition partners, several PSD and PDL parliamentarians refused to vote in favor during consecutive sessions. The vote was ultimately carried by 154 to 106. In October of the same year, Voinescu also became spokesman for Traian Băsescu's second-term presidential campaign. He was cited in the press stating: "I accepted this position for at least two reasons, the first being that I am a supporter of Traian Băsescu as a political project and that as both a politician and a citizen I wish to apply all my forces so that Traian Băsescu will win in these elections". In late November, during the two rounds of voting, Voinescu presented the official PDL viewpoint on the publicized video sample which seemed to show Băsescu punching a child. Voinescu's suggested that the images had been faked by the PDL's political rivals and, in reference to the press' reaction, argued: "the electoral campaign has fully entered its most despicable stage. Instead of debates between the candidates and letting the citizens decide, in the absence of any other influences, who should be the one to lead the country for the next five years, we have come to discuss a dubious, murky film, promoted on the screens of mogul television stations with an obvious electioneering purpose." Following Băsescu's eventual reelection, Voinescu also subjected to public ridicule the claims of various PSD members that their candidate, Mircea Geoană, had been a victim of negative parapsychological techniques, such as "energy attacks" and "violet flame" power.
In January, Voinescu had supported the initiative of fellow junior PDL-ists Cristian Preda and Monica Macovei to reform the PDL from within by imposing new recruitment and internal promotion policies, and also gave backing to Sorin Frunzăverde's suggestion of reconstituting the PDL into a "People's Party". Their collective criticism of the Boc leadership was responded to by the Premier, who stated that both Preda and Voinescu needed to attend more party conferences and, through "clarification", come to terms with the party line. The verdict was reviewed negatively by political scientist Aurelian Giugăl, a critic of the Boc cabinet, who contrasted Boc's statement with the PDL having just welcomed into its ranks the "pathetic" nonconformist Honorius Prigoană, and concluded that "the presidential party" was only mimicking institutional reform.
In early 2010, Voinescu was involved in a publicized polemic with his PDL colleague Cristian Preda, regarding the party's doctrines and the measure of involvement on the part of President Băsescu. The debate was sparked in February by Voinescu's own comments, according to which the PDL needed to emphasize its support for Băsescu's political agenda and, as a consequence, adopt "a larger measure of "Băsescianism"". Preda reacted against the statement on his blog, where the wording used by Voinescu was referred to as "an unfortunate choice". Preda noted that he partly shared Voinescu's apprehension of "some PDL practices". He argued instead that there existed an inner-party struggle between old and new PDL members, in which the former category, "claiming lineage precisely from Traian Băsescu", could block the newer members out of power. Voinescu, who stated his dissatisfaction at being attacked on Preda's blog, noted: "I don't know why Cristian Preda wishes at all costs for us to quarrel in public. I have been following his quest for media glory for a while now and I'm bemused. If he has something to tell me, he knows where to find me." Discussing the core of Preda's objection, he added: "I understand that he is annoyed by the political adjectivization of the president's name "Băsescianism". That's his business. From what I found out, he says that there's now a need for answers to social issues and not invented words. I cannot believe that a phrase this trite, a phrase so much like a putrid slogan, could have been written down by Cristian Preda." 
In reply, Preda noted "regretting" that Voinescu "has joined the team PDL members who are intimated by public dialogue within the new media" (a group he identified with PDL activist Ioan Oltean). However, in an October interview with Istodor, Preda suggested that he still identified his own political partisanship with "the triad" of Voinescu, Macovei and Teodor Baconschi within a "collective identity" of PDL reformists, noting that he rejected the opposition parties as merely "preservers of the welfare state." 
By then, Voinescu had also joined those PDL politicians who publicly asked for the new Boc executive (formed by the PDL and the Hungarian Democratic Union, with the PSD in opposition) to resign and be replaced with a "more flexible" variant, in line with the core electorate's wishes. During summer 2010, when Boc survived a motion of no confidence initiated by the PSD, Voinescu expressed a reserved position on the political consequences. Speaking at the time for B1 TV, he called the referred to the PSD's motion as "a poorly written lampoon", but warned that a cabinet reshuffle was in order. In September of that year, Voinescu and Elena Udrea were among those PDL parliamentarians who voted in favor of deposing the Boc cabinet, while others considered a reshuffling option. Voinescu's rationale was that the government policies had managed to erode grassroots support for the PDL, and the defeat of his option was reported by observers as a failure of the PDL's reform-minded wing.
Anastase scandal and conflict with Vântu.
In September 2010, Sever Voinescu became involved in a political controversy, centered on Chamber President Roberta Alma Anastase. The scandal formed part of a national debate on the government-proposed measures to counter the post-2007 economic slump and public spending with right-wing policies, against the opposition-backed social security system. According to media and opposition reports, during the prolonged Chamber vote on the revised Law on Pensions, after opposition representatives had chosen to leave the hall in protest and the voting machine went out of order, Anastase over-counted the number of parliamentarians present in the hall, and PDL legislation was passed against consensus. As a result, the Social Democrats filed a legal complaint, citing malfeasance in office, electoral fraud and forgery. 
Speaking for his party, PSD deputy Radu Moldovan alleged that the two Chamber leaders had implicitly "admitted" the deed they stood accused of, further accusing them of having displayed "illegal and criminal behavior against 6 million age pensioners", and calling for the maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. In reply, PDL politicians expressed support for both figures, and argued that there was no proof of illegality in their actions. Early on, PDL Chamber group leader Mircea Toader stated that the chaotic procedures and the presence of unruly deputies around the rostrum meant that CCTV footage of the procedure was inconclusive. Cristian Preda spoke of the voting inaccuracies as "an error" on the part of Anastase and Voinescu, claiming that the illegal but allegedly commonplace absentee ballot had rendered unreliable all Chamber attendance reports. In a November interview with Radio France Internationale, Preda elaborated that the party as a whole needed to apologize for the "embarrassing" incident, and, while noting that Anastase's removal was not an option, asked Voinescu to present a formal explanation. The scandal reverberated at "Dilema Veche", when poet Şerban Foarţă announced that he ceased contributing, not wishing for his name to feature alongside that of Voinescu, "an unfrequentable character". 
During October 2010, Voinescu resumed his political conflict with the anti-Băsescu media outlets: Dan Voiculescu's Intact Media Group and Sorin Ovidiu Vântu's Realitatea-Caţavencu. In a public statement, the deputy accused both "moguls" of intending to "rob the public treasury" with backing from the PSD, and of staging an intense "defamation campaign" against President Băsescu, who would not assist them in deferring formal investigations into their businesses. As a result, Sorin Ovidiu Vântu announced that he was going to file a civil suit against Voinescu, Premier Boc and Elena Udrea, noting that he was not going to tolerate any further accusations that he himself was organizing a putsch (as once stated by Udrea). Vântu reportedly considered requesting 250,000 euro in damages from Voinescu, who had qualified Vântu's 1990s Gelsor-Fondul Naţional de Investiţii investment scheme as a "mega-confidence trick" and had alleged that Vântu made a profit withdrawing his assets before the scheme crashed. 
At the time, Voinescu made controversial live appearances on another private network, Oglinda Television (OTV), which critics, including Voinescu himself, regard as a low-brow enterprise in the realm of tabloid media. In a "Dilema Veche" piece, Voinescu himself described the station as usually exploring "the shady and humid underground" of human expectations; he implied that everyone watches OTV, but that only some will admit it. Reacting to this characterization, "Observator Cultural" editor Carmen Muşat accused Voinescu of using a questionable media resource to increase Băsescu's exposure, against his own beliefs. TV critic and "Dilema" colleague Cezar Paul-Bădescu, who describes OTV as "a station specializing in cadavers and characters on the fringe of humanity", declared himself puzzled by Voinescu's rationale, but noted: "maybe reasons are the same ones that prompted president Băsescu to conclude, back in the day, that said channel was frequentable". Other cultural magazines also reacted negatively to Voinescu's explanation of OTV's secret fan base: "România Literară" called his analysis "useless and dangerous", while "Luceafărul" took offense from the implication "that we are all headless beings with morbid inclinations".
In February 2011, Voinescu withdrew from the post of Chamber Secretary, as it was due to fall to a deputy of the Romanian ethnic minorities parties in the ensuing legislative session. In July, the High Court of Cassation and Justice ruled that prosecution in the Voinescu-Anastase case was unwarranted, since the contestants had not contested the vote through parliamentary procedure, as described by Chamber's internal regulations.
Conservative pundit.
By 2008, Voinescu's "Dilema Veche" column was giving significant coverage to American politics, and were noted as a countercritique of Marxist takes on the world crisis, with suggestions that the memory of communism as a "criminal utopia" needed to be preserved in unadulterated fashion, for the benefit of future generations. In 2009, he contributed to a Humanitas homage volume for Andrei Pleşu, titled "O filozofie a intervalului" ("A Philosophy of the Interval"). Invited by Vladimir Tismăneanu, he was also a contributor to "Verso" review. His political essay was later included in the anthology "Anatomia resentimentului" ("The Anatomy of Resentment", Editura Curtea Veche, 2010). 
The renewed contributions in these fields received criticism from various cultural and political reviewers. His severity in reacting to news that Barack Obama was considering a détente with the Taliban was covered, with irony, by "Luceafărul" magazine. It noted: "our specialists in the headbutting industry [...] have for a main mental preoccupation the handing of unneeded advice and moral slaps to the world's greatest leaders." In commentary he posted on the "Voxpublica" platform, Voinescu illustrated his defense of capitalism with suggestions that multinational corporations were still hiring, recommending Romanians to seek retraining; these views were criticized as specious and uncompassionate by essayist Liviu Ornea, who suggested that Voinescu's radicalism was even harming the PDL. Voinescu's activity as panelist was touched by another kind of controversy: in August 2010, Voinescu was described in the press as a "plagiarist", for a "Dilema" article on the Yemeni crackdown, which, it was argued, closely resembled a "New York Times" editorial; Voinescu defended his piece as a metanarrative. One of Voinescu's parables on the crisis issue was ridiculed by "Luceafărul", who noted that it made the same point as an earlier contribution by Vintilă Mihăilescu, and concluded that Voinescu was no longer in the habit of actually reading "Dilema Veche". Voinescu's other pursuits were in classical culture: an opera fan, he published a 2011 book of interviews with soprano Virginia Zeani, which received positive reviews from music critics.
In summer 2011, with fellow pundits Valeriu Stoica and Cătălin Avramescu, Sever Voinescu attended the conference tour on "Issues of the Romanian Right", jointly organized by the PDL's Institute for People's Studies and the Hanns Seidel Foundation. During one such event in Focşani, he and Stoica debated policy: Stoica expressed the belief that PDL, a "cocktail" of liberalism, conservatism and Christian democracy, needed to stand united behind Boc's economic measures; contrarily, Voinescu assessed that cabinet ministers less committed to "laissez-faire" needed to be discarded. Voinescu also had a debate with senator and senior PDL member Radu F. Alexandru. A critic of Băsescu's continued involvement with the PDL, Alexandru spoke out against the reformists' alleged practice of venting out complaints through mass media, but not at party conferences.
Shortly after, responding to criticism of Boc's governing practice, Băsescu publicized a reaction to inner PDL conflicts which nominated Voinescu and Preda as factors of disturbance: "Had I been the involved, the PDL would have been more adroit in its political action. There would have been no PDL politician not to follow the golden rule. We would be discussing these issues on the inside and, once something were set, we would all be abiding by it. No matter if they're named Preda, Sever Voinescu Radu F. Alexandru, they would not be in the party had I been the one running it. Such things display the cowardice of these people. It's easy to issue a statement on TV and then grow in importance". Băsescu added that, instead of focusing on Boc, Voinescu should have spoken out against the "BVB triad" of PDL-ists who resist a change of platform: Radu Berceanu, Adriean Videanu and Vasile Blaga. In reply, Voinescu noted that the statement had troubled him, and that he even gave thought to resigning from the PDL. 
Writing in a guest editorial for "Revista 22" in September of that year, Voinescu referred to the need for a conservative pole to emerge in modern Romanian politics. His text argues: "In today's Romania, it is not at all hard to be a liberal or a socialist. What's hard is being a conservative. On another level, in today's Romania it is not at all hard to be an egotist, nor to cement yourself, forevermore, into the condition of a socially-assisted person. What's hard is to be a man of common sense, capable of balancing his own interest against that of others, after taking charge of his own destiny." According to Voinescu, there is an untapped electorate that consistently votes against left-wing policies, but is increasingly disenchanted with the effects of right-wing governance, and tacitly supporting any conservative, conviction politics, "Thatcherite" solution to Romania's woes. He suggested that its recovery by the PDL would be that party's "great chance". Voinescu also argued that old-school Romanian conservatism had been hijacked in the 1990s by Dan Voiculescu's eponymous party: "Can one imagine a more scandalous usurpation?"
2011 vote on PDL ideology.
Beginning in spring 2011, Voinescu was again involved with the PDL's inner reform project, alongside Macovei and Preda, supporting the motion presented to the PDL's May Congress with the aim of regaining electoral support and public trust before the 2012 election. He sketched out and advanced a proposal for a PDL "Code of Conduct", which is supposed to regulate the party's response to criminal charges brought up against its politicians (past cases include Monica Iacob Ridzi or Dan Păsat), in what he described as an effort to increase transparency. On the occasion, Voinescu expressed discontent that the document, although nominally backed by Boc and by Macovei, had failed to gather majority support at earlier party reunions. He supported Băsescu's message to the PDL, which counseled the party to find itself a candidate (and successor to Băsescu) on par with Ronald Reagan or Margaret Thatcher, and reiterated the call for politicians "of conviction". The reformist group obtained the revision of charters which prevented junior members from running in party elections, but their main motion on party policies was defeated by the PDL's Berceanu-Blaga "old guard".
Additionally, Voinescu expressed disapproval for some Boc cabinet policies which he sees as deviating from the PDL's right-wing credentials, including the "pensioners' basket" welfare program, and publicly called for a radical change of the Romanian Constitution, deeming it "profoundly flawed" for what he interprets as a chronic failure to uphold the separation of powers. His endorsement of a project to award the Romanian Orthodox Church a say in the allocation of welfare programs generated criticism among secularist analysts, who commented that it bastardized the concept of social justice and effectively reduced the separation of church and state, or that it offered the Church an inflated role in politics and civil society.
A parallel dispute ensued, between Voinescu and Preda: Voinescu is a noted critic of party-list proportional representation and endorses first-past-the-post voting; in contrast, Preda dismisses his colleague's project as "populist mythology", arguing that further election reform would do little to address the realities of political corruption. The two figures were opposed by their attitudes on Boc, when Preda, unlike Macovei and Voinescu, chose not to endorse Boc's candidature for a new term as PDL leader. There was also a disagreement between Voinescu and President Băsescu in matters of world politics, after the latter went on record with a claim that Romania's future development depended on a hypothetical United States of Europe federation. Tracing the mixed results of Federal Europe concepts through history, Voinescu replied: "My personal opinion is that this goal is as beautiful as it is unreachable." Voinescu took a middle ground in the disputes between Băsescu and "Dilema"s Andrei Pleşu, arguing that the President's criticism of his mentor contained "uninspired metaphors"—in reaction, anti-Băsescu writer Bedros Horasangian asked: "How is it that Sever Voinescu [...] can still face up to Andrei Pleşu?"
People's Movement projects and 2012 riots.
Speaking in September 2011, Voinescu dismissed criticism of the PDL coming from outgoing Labor Minister Sebastian Lăzăroiu, an independent politician. When asked to reply about Lăzăroiu's alternative proposals that the PDL transform itself into a "People's Movement" or perish, Voinescu stated his amusement, and noted: "I never did preoccupy myself with Mr. Lăzăroiu's prophecies." Confronted with speculation that the People's Movement project would attract into its ranks rogue members of the PNL who opposed the PSD alliance, Voinescu replied (in English): "Too soon to tell!" 
Voinescu later returned with more explicit remarks, clarifying that the Movement was a sound project, which could help coagulate the Romanian right. He was also directing criticism toward the PDL's partner in government, the nominally left-wing National Union for the Progress of Romania, arguing that it could not expect to be included in the emerging party: "rest assured, nobody asked you in." In public statements, Voinescu ridiculed the political aspirations of OTV owner Dan Diaconescu and his own People's Party, viewing them as demagogic; he rejected suggestions of an alliance between Diaconescu and the PDL. When Lăzăroiu and Mihail Neamţu launched their own platform, "Noua Republică", Voinescu admitted that it could win over a sizable portion of the PDL electorate. 
In October 2011, Voinescu was head of the Romanian delegation at the NATO Parliamentary Assembly meeting, held in Bucharest. In this capacity, he signed the protocol which gave Romanian support for Georgia's Euro-Atlantic integration, and expressed the official viewpoint that Russia had no reason to fear the national missile defense developed in Eastern Europe.
As PDL spokesman, Voinescu tackled the spontaneous anti-government protests of January 2012. He suggested that there was "much to learn" for his party from the street reaction to the ongoing austerity measures, while also accusing the coalesced opposition, or Social Liberal Union (USL), of trying to capitalize on these events: "I'm not sure if those gathering in the square would want USL to win the elections." He and the party initially rallied behind Premier Boc: Voinescu expressed the viewpoint that popular indignation was not solely aimed at the PDL administration, but at the entire ruling class, and argued that the street demands for early elections were impractical. On February 6, however, he acknowledged Boc's resignation, calling it proof of political responsibility; he also favored continuity in matters of economic policy. During the demonstrations, anti-Voinescu slogans were specifically chanted by the 100 demonstrators gathering in his constituency of Ploieşti.

</doc>
<doc id="20553329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553329" title="Banihal Tunnel">
Banihal Tunnel

Banihal Tunnel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553334" title="Jawahar Tunnel">
Jawahar Tunnel

Jawahar Tunnel or Banihal Tunnel, named after the first Prime Minister of India, was constructed for round-the-year surface transport by Alfred Kunz and C. Barsel (both were German) between 1954 and 1960. The Jawahar tunnel has been operational since 22 December 1956. The length of tunnel is , its elevation is and it has one lane road in either direction. It is situated between Banihāl and Qazigund on NH 1A that has been renumbered NH 44. The tunnel facilitates round-the-year road connectivity from Srinagar to Jammu.
Later the tunnel was renovated by the Border Roads Organization under the project BEACON in 1960. It was designed for 150 vehicles per day in each direction but the number of vehicles is now 7,000 in both directions. After renovations, the tunnel now has a two-way ventilation system, pollution & temperature sensors, lighting system and with emergency phones for any assistance from Border Roads Organization.
It is guarded by military round the clock, photography or videography inside or nearby the tunnel is strictly prohibited. Once the vehicle enters the tunnel, it has to maintain the same speed throughout the tunnel. CCTVs are installed in the tunnel for continuous monitoring.
The tunnel used to be closed for civilian traffic between midnight and 8 a.m. until 2009. Now it is open all 24 hours of the day.
See also.
Banihal
References.
[http://mod.nic.in/Samachar/mar5/html/army.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20553377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553377" title="Okkur">
Okkur

Okkur is a village in Sivagangai District, Tamilnadu, India. The village has a history of over 2000 years. The poet Okkur Maasathiyar wrote of this village during the Sangam period in PuraNanooru. Maasthiyar's memorial tower is located in the village.
Demographics.
As per Ministry of Home Affairs, Directorate of Census Operations - Tamil Nadu, Census - 2001, Okkur had a population of 2270. Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%. Okkur has an average literacy rate of 73.05%, which is higher than the national average of 59.5%. In Okkur, 13.5% of the population is under 6 years of age. The nearest villages of Karungapatti, Melamangalam, O.Pudur, Kulakkattapatti have hundreds of skilled workers working for middle east, far east countries.
History.
The history of Okkur extends back more than 2000 years. This Village was a battle field in Sangam period.
Okkur Maasathiyar, a female poet, lived here and she mentioned this village in Puranaanuru.
Her poem (poem Number 279 [http://tamilnation.org/literature/ettuthokai/pm0057.pdf]) describes a brave, courageous mother.
This village is the head quarters of the AAroor vattagai Nadu (now called as AAru kootai nadu). Theivathiru Alagarsamy Ambalam ruled this AAru kootai nadu, a part of Sivagangai zamin, in 19th century.
2011
Okkur village panchayat president Thiru K. Arunachalam alias Raja and ward members(Annapoorani,Meenal,Ammasi,Adaikalam,Murugan,Vasudevan)
Poem.
In the chapters on the puRam ( புறம்)[http://tamilnation.org/literature/krishnamurti/02sangam.htm] topics, the heroism of people in general, and women in particular, occupied a key place. The following is the description of the valour of a woman who lost her brother on the first day and her husband on the second. She dresses up her only son, gives him the spear and sends him to the battle on the third day after hearing the sounds of the bugle:
யானை எறிந்து களத்து ஒழிந்தனனே
பொருநரை விலங்கி ஆண்டுப்பட்டனனே 
வேல்கைக் கொடுத்து வெளிது விரித்து உடிஇப் 
ஒருமகன் அல்லது இல்லோள் 
George L. Hart translated purananuru in English. 
Book Name:"Four Hundred Songs of War and Wisdom: An Anthology of Poems from Classical Tamil, the Purananuru"
Economy.
The economy of the village is primarily agricultural. Some villagers work abroad in places such as Dubai (U.A.E), Saudi Arabia, Singapore and Malaysia. But most of them are skilled labors. Some people (<1%) are in good position in these countries. Only a few locals have emigrated to the United States and Europe.
Agriculture.
The area's main crops are sugarcane, groundnut and coconut.

</doc>
<doc id="20553380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553380" title="Soteska, Kamnik">
Soteska, Kamnik

Soteska (literally, 'gorge') is a village in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies in a side valley at the point where the Nevljica River exits the Tuhinj Valley through a gorge, from which it also gets its name. The main road from Kamnik into the Tuhinj Valley runs through the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20553402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553402" title="Pare, Kediri">
Pare, Kediri

Pare (or Mojokuto) is a town in the Kediri regency ("kebupaten") within the province of East Java, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553412" title="Dimche Sarvanov">
Dimche Sarvanov

Dimche Sarvanov, also Dimče Mogilčeto (Bulgarian, ; "born: 1879, Mogila, Ottoman Empire (present day Republic of Macedonia), died: Noshpal, Ottoman Empire (present day Republic of Macedonia), January 4, 1908"), was a revolutionary and a member of the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (created as Bulgarian Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Committees). 
Sarvanov was born in Mogila (now in the Republic of Macedonia) in 1879. He joined Georgi Sugarev's group within IMRO, and fought against Ottoman rule in the Bitola and Mariovo districts. During the Ilinden–Preobrazhenie Uprising, Sarvanov fought in the Pelister and Prespa districts. After the death of Sugarev, Sarvanov continued fighting "Greek propaganda".
On January 4, 1908 Sarvanov fell into an Ottoman ambush in the village of Noshpal (close to Bitola in present-day Republic of Macedonia), and rather than allowing himself to fall into Turkish hands, committed suicide.
Sarvanov was also known as Dimche Mogilcheto (Димче Могилчето) or Dimche Sarvanov Mogilcheto (Димче Сарванов Могилчето). His first name is also sometimes given as Dimko (Димко).

</doc>
<doc id="20553413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553413" title="Silk waste">
Silk waste

Silk waste includes all kinds of raw silk which may be unwindable, and therefore unsuited to the throwing process. Before the introduction of machinery applicable to the spinning of silk waste, the refuse from cocoon reeling, and also from silk winding, which is now used in producing spun silk fabrics, was nearly all destroyed as being useless, with the exception of that which could be hand-combed and spun by means of the distaff and spinning wheel, a method which is still practised by some of the peasantry in India and other countries in Asia.
Sources.
The supply of waste silk is drawn from the following sources:
Processing.
A silk "throwster" receives the silk in skein form, the thread of which consists of a number of silk fibres wound together to make a certain diameter or size, the separate fibre having actually been spun by the worm. The silk-waste spinner receives the silk in quite a different form: merely the raw material, packed in bales of various sizes and weights, the contents being a much-tangled mass of all lengths of fibre mixed with much foreign matter, such as ends of straws, twigs, leaves, worms and chrysalis. It is the spinner's business to straighten out these fibres, with the aid of machinery, and then to so join them that they become a thread, which is known as spun silk.
All silk produced by the worm is composed of two substances: fibroin, the true thread, and sericin, which is a hard, gummy coating of the fibroin. Before the silk can be manipulated by machinery to any advantage, the gum coating must be removed, really dissolved and washed away. Where the method used in achieving this operation is through fermentation, the product is called schappe. The former, schapping, is the French, Italian and Swiss method, from which the silk when finished is neither so bright nor so good in colour as the discharged silk; but it is very clean and level, and for some purposes essential, as, for instance, in velvet manufacture.

</doc>
<doc id="20553425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553425" title="Philippa Campbell">
Philippa Campbell

Philippa Campbell is a New Zealand film and television producer, dramaturge, and Literary Manager at the Auckland Theatre Company. Her production company is Escapade Pictures.
Theatre.
Philippa Campbell began her career in the theatre as an actor and director in the 1980s. In 1981 she was involved in establishing Taki Rua / The Depot in Wellington, the first professional theatre dedicated to New Zealand theatre and a key venue for indigenous and bicultural performances and theatrical development in the 1980s and 1990s. She was a member of Downstage Threatre Company. Campbell dirtected and helped to establish the Frontline theatre company. 
Campbell has a long association with the New Zealand International Arts Festival, having worked on many productions commissioned by the festival, and has worked with well-known New Zealand playwrights including Hone Kouka, Briar Grace Smith, Victor Rodger, and Theatre at Large. 
Campbell has dramaturged two chamber operas and the aerial pageant show "Maui." 
Since November 2008, Campbell has been the Auckland Theatre Company's Literary Manager. 
Among other side-projects, Campbell has a long history of working with Wellington-based percussion group Strike, including directing their 2013 show "Between Zero and One,"" "composed by John Psathas. 
Film and Television.
For several years Campbell ran Television New Zealand's (TVNZ) in-house Drama Department Script Unit, editing over 100 hours of television drama. Some of Campbell's script editing credits include New Zealand television shows and feature films such as "Marlin Bay (1992-94)," "Mirror, Mirror" (1995), "Bread and Roses" (1993), "Erua (1988)", Maurice Gee's "The Fire Raiser" (1986), and the award-winning "Erebus"": the Aftermath", written by Greg McGee. In 1988 she departed TVNZ to forge an independent career in television and film as a writer, script consultant, and development executive.
Campbell made a break into screen producing with the Banff Television Festival nominee for best drama, "Swimming Lessons" in 1995, written by Simon Wilson and directed by Steve LaHood.
Campbell's first feature film as producer was "Via Satellite" in 1998 (winner of two New Zealand Screen Awards), written and directed by Anthony McCarten. 
She followed up "Via Satellite "by producing Christine Jeffs' acclaimed "Rain", which premiered in Director’s Fortnight in Cannes in 2002 and was nominated for Best Film at the 2001 New Zealand Film Awards.
In 2006 Campbell co-produced "No. 2" (released in North America under the title "Naming Number Two"), written and directed by Toa Fraser. Starring Academy Award nominee Ruby Dee, the film won the Audience Award in the 2006 Sundance Film Festival’s World Cinema Dramatic section, the Audience Award at the Brisbane International Film Festival, four awards at the New Zealand Film Awards, and featured in gala screenings at the London Film Festival. 
In 2007 Campbell produced Jonathan King's comic-horror film "Black Sheep", an audience favourite at the Toronto International Film Festival. "Black Sheep "is the second-highest grossing New Zealand film in the UK, and the highest grossing New Zealand horror film in New Zealand. 
Following "Black Sheep", Campbell was included in Variety magazine’s “10 Producers to Watch” list for 2007. 
In 2008, Campbell produced Florian Habicht’s documentary "Rubbings From a Live Man", performed by Warwick Broadhead, which was nominated for Best Picture (budget under $1 million) at the 2008 Qantas Film and Television Awards. After "Rubbings from a Live Man, "Campbell produced a short film directed by Dan Salmon, "Licked".
Campbell was the producer for Jane Campion's Emmy Award-winning 2013 television miniseries "Top of the Lake, "which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival"."
Philippa Campbell continues to pursue a number of creative projects including "Shiver, "written and directed by Christina Andreef and set in Antarctica, and a NZ/UK co-production, "The Beach of Falesa", adapted by Alan Sharp from the novella by Robert Louis Stevenson, to be directed by Toa Fraser. She is the Executive Producer for Paolo Rotundo's film "Orphans and Kingdoms."
Biographical information.
Philippa Campbell was born in 1955 in Auckland, New Zealand and grew up in Lower Hutt and Wellington, New Zealand. Campbell attended Hutt Valley High School and has a B.A. in English Literature, Philosophy, and Drama from Victoria University of Wellington. She is an acting graduate of Toi Whakaari: The New Zealand Drama School, where she trained under George Webby.
Campbell is married to Simon Wilson, editor of Metro (magazine), and lives in Auckland, New Zealand. She has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20553428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553428" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20553429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553429" title="Sovinja Peč">
Sovinja Peč

Sovinja Peč is small dispersed settlement in the hills immediately south of the Črnivec Pass in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553436" title="George Wadsworth">
George Wadsworth

George Wadsworth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553449" title="Samantha Moore">
Samantha Moore

Samantha Jo Moore (born December 28, 1988) is a Canadian singer and songwriter whose songs have been recorded and re-cut by Miley Cyrus (“East Northumberland High” from "Meet Miley Cyrus"), as well as up and coming artists, including Diana DeGarmo (“Then I Woke Up”, “The Difference In Me”, “‘Till You Want Me”, “Boy Like You”, from "Blue Skies"), and The Clique Girlz (“Then I Woke Up”, “The Difference In Me”, from "Incredible" and the EP "Clique Girlz") and co-wrote “Falling Down Your Stare” from Hope 7's self-titled debut album. Additionally, Spanish Pop band, Nikki Clan did a cover of “A Boy Like You” and “The Difference In Me” for their debut album, “No Sera Igual”.
Background.
Moore grew up in Colborne, Ontario, Canada. She attended East Northumberland Secondary School.
She began performing in summer singing competitions around Ontario. and was 'discovered' in 2002 at age thirteen while competing in the Kingston, Ontario Fall Fair Talent Contest. Six months later she was signed to a standard one record deal with Geffen Records and moved to Los Angeles to write and record music.
Samantha collaborated with well known industry songwriters such as Curt Frasca, Sabelle Breer, Kara DioGuardi, Robbie Nevil, Matthew Wilder and The Matrix team of Lauren Christy, Graham Edwards and Scott Spock. By the age of sixteen, Samantha had written and collaborated on more than fifty songs. Many of these songs were recorded, but the release of her debut album was delayed.
Moore’s songs “I Thought the World Was Round", and “Replace You" produced by Avril Lavigne's producers Curt Frasca and Sabelle Breer were featured on MTV’s television series, “The Hills”, the latter being included in the series soundtrack release. Her song “Pretty” was featured on MTV’s Laguna Beach.
Her first album, “Both Sides of Me” was released in September, 2007 and contained 25 songs, including the original demo that secured her initial record contract, a cover of the Avril Lavigne song "Breakaway", which also proved to be a huge hit for Kelly Clarkson in 2004. The album showcased Moore’s talents as a singer and her abilities with lyrical songwriting, and was a mix of songs dominated by a pop/rock style, along with a few country styled tracks.
Her second album, “Finally” was released in August 2008 and contains a number of the more popular tracks from her first album, along with the previously unreleased song “They’re There”.
She has signed a million dollar music publishing deal with BMG Music Publishing and has formed her own publishing company, "Sammy Jo Productions Inc."

</doc>
<doc id="20553454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553454" title="AXL Guitars">
AXL Guitars

AXL Guitars is a US-based guitar company with production centers in Hayward, CA and China. The company has become known for the rather unusual finishes employed in its Badwater series of guitars and also the award-winning AXL USA Series. The company has a guitar design team in the United States.
At the NAMM show in 2011 AXL announced its first American assembled guitars. The AXL USA Series guitars are assembled in the AXL USA workshop in Hayward, CA and include the 1216 Artist and Classic models (the Artist with Seymour Duncan Seth Lover pickups), the SRO Artist and Classic models (the Artist with custom-wound Lindy Fralin single coil pickups) and the AXL USA Bulldog, with a single Lindy Fralin P-90.
The USA Series has received a number of awards, including NAMM's Best in Show, Guitar World Magazine's Gold Award and Premier Guitar Magazine's Premier Gear award.
Products.
Electric guitars
Current Models:
Bass guitars
Models:
Badwater Bass Series,
Marquee Bass Series
Amplifiers

</doc>
<doc id="20553457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553457" title="Spodnje Palovče">
Spodnje Palovče

Spodnje Palovče (in older sources also "Spodnje Paloviče", ) is a settlement in the hills east of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553462" title="Verse (band)">
Verse (band)

Verse is a hardcore band from Providence, Rhode Island. They released three full-length albums and an EP on Rivalry and Bridge 9 Records and conducted a number of full U.S. tours.
The band broke up in 2009, but reformed in December 2011. 
Bassist Chris Berg played in Mountain Man, which features former members Patrick Murphy (Drums) and Jesse Menard (Guitar) of Last Lights and I Rise.
History.
"Rebuild" and "From Anger And Rage" (2004 - 2007).
Upon solidifying their lineup, Verse signed to Rivalry Records for their first full length "Rebuild", which was recorded in May 2004. After the release of "Rebuild", Verse went onto a heavy touring schedule. During August 2004, when the band was touring through South Carolina, they encountered some van troubles. While the van was getting fixed, approximately $10,000 worth of musical equipment and a sentimental childhood lava lamp belonging to Murphy were stolen from Verse’s trailer. After finishing their tour of the United States and a tour of Europe with Another Breath, Verse went into the studio to record their follow-up to "Rebuild", "From Anger and Rage".
"From Anger and Rage" was recorded by Dean Baltulonis at Atomic Fireball Studios in Brooklyn New York. Upon completing the second album, Verse continued on their rigorous touring schedule, going on multiple US and European tours with bands like Guns Up!, Crime in Stereo, Down to Nothing, Shipwreck, and Have Heart. After a solid year and a half of touring in support of "From Anger and Rage", Verse signed with Bridge 9 Records to release their third full length, "Aggression". This album was also released in Germany through Prügelprinz Records
"Aggression" and breakup (2008 - 2010).
"Aggression" was recorded at Godcity Studios, and The Getaway Group Studios by engineer Jay Maas, and was released on June 10, 2008. Allmusic reviewer Greg Prato described it as "straight-ahead, hard-hitting hardcore"., while Chris Hidden of "Rock Sound" said, "these boys bring a progressive and conceptual approach to their brain-caving brutality that provides a refreshing spin on the norm." After the release of "Aggression", Verse set back out on their heavy touring schedule, having already done one US tour with Have Heart, and two European tours with Have Heart, Shipwreck, and I Rise.
According to an article on KillYourStereo.com, in late 2008, Berg "broke edge" - meaning he decided to stop adhering to straight edge principles. The article quoted a posting from Berg on a Bridge 9 message board that read, in part, "about two weeks ago I decided that I no longer wanted to be straight edge so I made some changes in my life. This means that Verse is no longer a straight edge band and I'm not going to pretend like Verse was never a straight edge band because that would just be lame". 
In his message, Berg said Verse would continue as a band, but on February 8, 2009, the band issued a statement on their MySpace page announcing their breakup; and on February 9, 2009, Punknews.org reported the band's breakup.
Following the break up front man Sean Murphy took up making pizza at the uber-hip Nice Slice pizza parlor on Providence's esteemed Thayer St. and formed the band Mouth of Flowers.
Reformation and new album (2011 - 2013).
On December 9, 2011, Bridge 9 Records announced Verse has reformed and will be touring and recording a new album in 2012, titled "Bitter Clarity, Uncommon Grace", to be released on July 17 on Bridge 9. 
On January 27, 2012 the band were confirmed to be playing at Hevy Music Festival.
On May 17, they premiered their new song "The Selfless Of The Earth" on AbsolutePunk.net.

</doc>
<doc id="20553480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553480" title="Hiram Leavitt">
Hiram Leavitt

Hiram Leavitt (1824–1901) was an early settler, innkeeper, and judge in Mono County, California, in the eastern Sierra Nevada. Leavitt left his mark in the area and is the namesake of features such as Leavitt Peak, Leavitt Meadow, Leavitt Creek and Leavitt Lake.
History.
Hiram Lewis Leavitt was born in Grantham, New Hampshire on 2 April 1824. When he was in his late 20s, Leavitt responded to the news of the California Gold Rush and headed west to San Francisco. His wife Eliza and their infant daughter remained behind in Boston until November 1856, when he returned for them, collected their belongings, and made the sea voyage back to California. Following the end of the gold rush, the family travelled to the rugged Sierra Nevada of northeastern California. There, he built a home in what then was known as Indian Valley but today is called Bridgeport, a town not far from the Nevada border.
Many well-known explorers and pioneers passed through Bridgeport Valley and Mono County, including Jedediah Strong Smith, John C. Frémont, Kit Carson and others. Mono County was created by the California Legislature in 1861. Bridgeport is the seat of Mono County; its dominant architectural feature is the Victorian Bridgeport Courthouse, built in 1881, and it belies the New England origins of many of the county's early citizens, including Granite State native Leavitt.
Mono County's Bridgeport was a growing town and Leavitt operated a stage stop business at what is called Leavitt Station, and later an inn. He also served as a judge. When it was determined in 1863 that Aurora, the county seat of Mono County, actually was located in Nevada rather than California, Bridgeport became the designated county seat of Mono County. In that same year, Leavitt built his hostelry at the east end of Sonora Pass to serve the growing traffic, primarily miners, traveling between Sonora and today's Aurora, Nevada.
By 1867 Leavitt was living in Sonora, California, and later moved to the road linking Sonora with Mono County.
At the end of the nineteenth century, Leavitt Peak, Leavitt Meadow, Leavitt Creek and Leavitt Lake appear on California maps. Hiram and his wife Eliza Leavitt continued to live in the family home – which he had hired builder Sam Hopkins to construct – until Hiram died in 1901 at age 77. (Builder Hopkins later married Leavitt's daughter Ida.) The old Leavitt House is today known as the Bridgeport Inn.

</doc>
<doc id="20553483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553483" title="Spodnje Stranje">
Spodnje Stranje

Spodnje Stranje () is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553487" title="Oak Valley Township">
Oak Valley Township

Oak Valley Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20553498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553498" title="KXII-DT2">
KXII-DT2

KXII-DT2, VHF channel 12.2, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station television station located in Sherman, Texas, United States which also serves Ada and Ardmore, Oklahoma, and Denison, Texas. It operates as a third digital subchannel of CBS affiliate KXII (channel 12), which is owned by Gray Television. Its parent station maintains studios located on Texoma Parkway in Sherman, and its transmitter is located southwest of Madill, Oklahoma. This subchannel can also be seen on Cable One channel 2 in Ardmore, channel 6 in Sherman, and channel 20 in Ada.
KXII-DT2 broadcasts in the 480i resolution format and aspect ratio; it has broadcast certain programs in widescreen standard definition, but it does not have the capability to broadcast in high definition due to video and aspect capabilities of individual signals with multiplexed broadcasts.
History.
The subchannel signed on the air in July 2006 as an affiliate of UPN, and was branded on-air as "UPN Texoma". Prior to KXII-DT2's launch, the UPN affiliation in the Sherman-Ada market was available only through now-defunct low-power station KOKT-LP (channel 20); that station switched its affiliation to Univision in 2004 when it became one of four repeaters of KUOK in Woodward, which affiliated with the Spanish language network that year. The market did not have a UPN affiliate for the succeeding year-and-a-half as the market consists of only two commercial stations (besides KXII, NBC affiliate KTEN (channel 10) was the only other commercial station on the air at the time of UPN's 1995 debut). UPN programming had primarily only been available through cable via either KOCB (from the network's January 1995 launch until January 1998) and later KAUT-TV (from June 1998 onward) in Oklahoma City or Dallas-Fort Worth's KTXA (both now independent stations). In addition to network and syndicated programming, the station had ran programming from The Sportsman Channel during the overnight hours from the subchannel's launch until 2009.
By the time the subchannel launched, UPN's then-parent CBS Corporation and the Warner Bros. unit of Time Warner – then-co-parent of The WB – had announced six months earlier on January 24 that the two companies would shut down The WB and UPN and combine the networks' respective programming to create a new "fifth" network called The CW. On February 22, News Corporation (which spun off the service and Fox to 21st Century Fox in June 2013) announced it would start up another new network called MyNetworkTV, to be operated by Fox Television Stations and its syndication division Twentieth Television. In September 2006, KTEN launched a second digital subchannel affiliated with The CW via The CW Plus (a similarly operated small-market master feed to The WB 100+ Station Group). KXII digital subchannel 12.2 remained with UPN until it shut down on September 12, 2006; the subchannel became the area's MyNetworkTV affiliate three days later on September 15, 2006, under the branding "My Texoma".
Programming.
Syndicated programming on KXII-DT2 includes "Steve Harvey", "Castle", "The Middle", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Friends", "How I Met Your Mother", "", "30 Rock" and "The Office"; in addition, it airs NBA games from the Dallas Mavericks (sourced by KTXA in Dallas) and college basketball games from the Big 12 Conference (through ESPN Plus's Big 12 Network syndication package).
The subchannel also serves as a backup CBS affiliate, carrying programming from that network normally seen on the main channel, when KXII 10.1 broadcasts breaking news or severe weather coverage; the subchannel also simulcasts severe weather coverage from the main channel when wall-to-wall coverage is warranted. CBS programming moved to KXII-DT2 from the main channel is broadcast only in standard definition due to the subchannel's aspect ratio and video resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20553516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553516" title="Underwriters Salvage Corps (St. Louis)">
Underwriters Salvage Corps (St. Louis)

The Underwriters Salvation Corps of St Louis was created in May 1874 to reduce the lost of property in fires. It was one of several Salvage Corps that formed in the 19th century to deal with fire in growing cities. Members would be part of Fire Patrols that, in the event of a fire, would enter burning structures and remove valuables before the fire could destroy them. This organization helped innovated early fire equipment. The organization "came to a close at the stroke of midnight on December 31, 1955"

</doc>
<doc id="20553531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553531" title="American Corners in Kazakhstan">
American Corners in Kazakhstan

American Corners in Kazakhstan (""Американские Уголки в Казахстане" in Russian") are small, American-style libraries located within a local partner organization, usually a library. American Corners are true partnerships with the local organization because host institution personnel staff the Corners. Access to American Corners and their collections is free and open to all interested citizens of Kazakhstan.
Each American Corner features an English language collection of American fiction and reference books on U.S. government, history, culture. Corners also provide access to information about the United States through supervised Internet access, audio and video recordings of American films and documentaries.
American Corners support local English instruction with an extensive collection of English teaching materials that are frequently used by local students, teachers and U.S. Peace Corps volunteers.
American Corners also offer U.S. speakers on a variety of topics and host a range of classes, clubs, and activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20553536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553536" title="Srednja Vas pri Kamniku">
Srednja Vas pri Kamniku

Srednja Vas pri Kamniku (, ) is settlement on the right bank of the Nevljica River at the Kamnik end of the Tuhinj Valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Srednja vas" to "Srednja vas pri Kamniku" in 1955. In the 19th century the German name was "Mitterdorf".

</doc>
<doc id="20553539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553539" title="Hunan University of Traditional Chinese Medicine">
Hunan University of Traditional Chinese Medicine

Hunan University of Traditional Chinese Medicine () is a public university located in Changsha, Hunan province, China. The university offers courses in Traditional Chinese Medicine.
History.
The university traces its history from Hunan Chinese Medical Specialization School established in 1934 and Hunan TCM Vocational School established in 1953. The current Hunan University of Traditional Chinese Medicine was officially created in 1960. Now it is primarily a teaching-oriented collage in the areas of scientific research, medical service and school-leading industry.
Location and Campus.
The university is based in Changsha, the capital of Hunan province. The campus covers an area of 4701 acre or approximately 1,902,6000 square meters.
The university consists of 3 campuses : the old campus (north campus), the new campus (Hanpu campus), and seven affiliated clinical hospitals.
The university consists of 5 nursing schools.
Administration.
Colleges and Departments.
The university administers the following 20 colleges or institutes: 

</doc>
<doc id="20553558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553558" title="Craig Barron">
Craig Barron

Craig Barron (born April 6, 1961) is an American visual-effects supervisor who specializes in seamless matte painting effects. He is also a filmmaker, entrepreneur, and film historian. Barron is a member of the Academy Board of Governors, representing the visual effects branch.
Biography.
Craig Barron has worked on notable VFX shots in feature films, including the secret government warehouse at the end of "Raiders of the Lost Ark", the Gotham City skyline of "Batman Returns", the approach to Dracula's castle in "Bram Stoker's Dracula", the 1970s-era Las Vegas strip in "Casino", the Carpathia rescue ship at the end of "Titanic", and 1970s-era San Francisco in "Zodiac". In 2009, Barron won Academy and BAFTA Awards for achievement in visual effects for his work on The Curious Case of Benjamin Button".
Early career.
Barron was born in Berkeley, California in 1961. He started working at Industrial Light & Magic (ILM) at age 18, then the youngest person at ILM, to work on the matte-effects photography for George Lucas' "". At ILM Barron would continue to composite matte-painting scenes on such landmark productions as "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". From 1984 to 1988 he was supervisor of photography at ILM’s matte department.
Matte World Digital.
In 1988, Barron co-founded Matte World with matte painter Michael Pangrazio and executive producer Krystyna Demkowicz. The company provided realistic matte-painting effects to clients in the entertainment industry. Barron renamed the company Matte World Digital in 1992 to reflect the new technological tools available to matte painters. MWD created digital-matte environments for feature films, television, electronic games, and IMAX large-format productions.
Matte World Digital served the visions of such filmmakers as Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, James Cameron, and David Fincher. In 1990, Barron and members of the MWD crew won an Emmy for Outstanding Visual Effects for the HBO production "By Dawn’s Early Light". Its feature-film work ranged from the traditional painted-on-glass matte work of "Batman Returns," to the digital effects of "Hugo", "", "Zodiac", and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", which won the Academy Award for achievement in visual effects in 2009.
In 2012, MWD closed after 24 years of service. The last shots worked on at MWD were for Martin Scorsese's "Hugo".
Independent film work.
Barron independently directed the science-fiction short, "The Utilizer" and a companion "making of" documentary, both of which were broadcast on the Sci-Fi Channel in 1996. "The Utilizer" won a number of film-festival awards, including best special effects at the Chicago International Film Festival. 
Barron is a founding member of the Visual Effects Society (VES), formed in 1997 to represent VFX producers in film, television and video games. In 2013, he received the VES Founders Award, and will serve on the 2014/15 VES Board.
Authorship.
Early in his career at ILM, Barron's interest in traditional matte-painting techniques led him to interview retired matte painters and technicians, who revealed the secrets of their visual-effects shots in classic films for the first time. Barron's interviews focused on the art and craft of this until-then hidden technology in such classic films as "Citizen Kane", "Gone With the Wind", and "The Wizard of Oz". His oral history of movie-making, combined with a growing collection of VFX film clips, movie stills, and behind-the-scenes photographs, led Barron to co-write with Mark Cotta Vaz the first comprehensive film history book of matte painting, "The Invisible Art: The Legends of Movie Matte Painting", published by Chronicle Books in 2002. Christopher Benfey's review in the "New York Times" called the book eye-opening, saying it "increases our wonder at this heretofore 'invisible art.'"
Lectures and presentations.
Barron is an ongoing lecturer for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Theater Programs. Since 2006, he has presented public screenings, often partnering with sound designer Ben Burtt, demonstrating the art of matte painting and VFX techniques of classic films such as "Modern Times", "The Rains Came", "The Adventures of Robin Hood", and "Gunga Din". 
In the 2010 Academy screening of "Me Tarzan, You Technology," Barron demonstrated how the MGM visual effects crews of the 1930s Tarzan films used rear-projection and matte paintings to create what film critic Leonard Maltin describes as a vivid atmosphere with majestic settings.
Barron and Burtt teamed up again in 2011 to demonstrate the groundbreaking visual effects and sound design for "Forbidden Planet", the classic 1956 science-fiction film. For this Academy screening, "Mysteries of the Krell," presented in Los Angeles, Barron and Burtt rediscovered and presented rare miniatures, production designs, props and analog source tapes from the electronic soundtrack of the film. The screening was in conjunction with an Academy gallery show featuring artifacts from the movie, including the original Robby the Robot prop.
VFX Documentaries.
Barron provides interviews and 3D effects demonstrations in a number of Criterion's Blu-ray documentary supplements for classic silent comedies. In "A Bucket of Water and a Glass Matte", on the 2010 release of Charlie Chaplin's "Modern Times", he and Ben Burtt demonstrate Chaplin's use of miniatures and sound effects in the film's factory and roller-skating scenes. The 2013 release of Chaplin's "City Lights" features an interview with Barron, who talks about Chaplin's studio and the large sets he created to give the illusion of outdoor locations. In "Locations and Effects" on the 2013 release of Harold Lloyd's "Safety Last!", Barron and film writer John Bengtson examine the illusion of height in Lloyd's famous "building climb" scene. They visit the location of the original film-shoot and Barron demonstrates the effect with computer-animation.
The 2014 Criterion Blu-ray release of Alfred Hitchcock's "Foreign Correspondent", features Barron in a supplemental film illustrating the techniques used for the Oscar-nominated visual effects by Paul Eagler and Thomas T. Moulton. Several scenes are explored including the climactic airplane-over-the-sea sequence.
Current VFX work.
In 2013, Barron worked at Tippett Studio, developing digital matte painting environments for film and commercial productions, alongside his former co-worker on earlier "Star Wars" films, Phil Tippett. 
Barron is creative director at Magnopus, a visual research and development company based in downtown Los Angeles. The company name is a consolidation of "Magnum Opus" ("Great Work" in Latin).
Innovations.
Matte World Digital was the first in the industry to apply radiosity rendering to film in Martin Scorsese’s "Casino". Barron's VFX crew collaborated with software company, LightScape, to simulate the indirect bounce-light effect of millions of neon lights of the 1970s-era Las Vegas strip. Significantly, radiosity rendering provided a true simulation of bounce-light in a computer-generated environment. 
Barron's cinematographic work was honored in 2002 when he was named associate member of the American Society of Cinematographers.
To recreate 1970s-era San Francisco in David Fincher's "Zodiac", MWD shot digital images of existing city-building textures, then added painted period details for establishing shots. One such shot includes the Embarcadero Freeway alongside the Ferry Building and San Francisco Bay. The freeway had been demolished after the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake but was digitally "rebuilt" to visually set the time-frame for the film. To show time passing within the era, CG lighting techniques were applied for an animated sequence showing the Transamerica Pyramid being built. The shot was based on research Barron had done using historical photographs and architectural drawings.
Barron worked with Fincher again, creating several digital matte-painting environments at MWD for the 2008 film, "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button". The interior of the film's New Orleans train station would change and deteriorate throughout 29 shots representing different eras. MWD built one 3D station model and aged it using Next Limit's Maxwell rendering software. The software is generally an architectural visualization and product-design tool. The software was revamped by MWD to mimic real-world lighting as seen from multiple angles and light sources.
Awards and honors.
Film and television awards
Publications
Honors

</doc>
<doc id="20553564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553564" title="Mando Corporation">
Mando Corporation

The Mando Corporation ()(KRX:060980), main headquarter located in Seoul, Korea, is the largest global Tier 1 Korean Original equipment manufacturer and supplier to General Motors, Cadillac, Ford, Chrysler, Chevrolet, Nissan, Kia Motor Company, Fiat, Volkswagen, BMW, Suzuki, Hyundai Motor Company, and many other global automobile distributors with the annual profit topping over 6 billion USD every year. It is currently owned and run by the original founding parent company, Halla Group. It was handed over to Halla by Sunsage B.V, a daughter company of JP Morgan. 
Mando has three main areas of business: steering parts, brake parts, and suspension parts.
Mando has recently opened a joint-venture company with Hella, to produce ABS sensor software algorithm.
Additionally, Mando is part of a Halla Group which is composed of automobile, logistics, investment banking, ground transportation, education, construction, and sports and entertainment companies with over 20,000 employees around the world. These companies are all part of the same ownership under one CEO. 
History.
Mando was created under the original founder of Halla Business Group, Mr. Jeong, In Yeong. A younger brother of Jeong, Ju Yeong (Hyundai Motor Company founder) on 1 October 1962. Initially, the company was named Hyundai International Inc. and changed its name to Mando Machinery Corporation in February 1980. In 1988, Mando opened the Brake System Plant in Pyeongtaek and two years later, opened the Munmak Steering System Plant (currently renamed Wonju operations). By 1995, Mando Machinery had a suspension system plant in Iksan as well as a dedicated R&D center. Mando America Corporation (MAC) was founded in 1996.In 1999, during the financial crisis, Mando was sold to Sunsage and was promptly renamed as Mando Corporation. Halla Group repurchased Mando Corporation subsequently. 
As of 2013, Mando Corporation has six (6) major locations in the United States within Michigan, Alabama, and Georgia. Its main headquarter is located in Seoul, South Korea, but however, it has a 2000 employee presence in the North and South America. It is projected Mando will employee roughly around 2400 employees in the United States alone by 2017. In the overall scope, Mando Corporation has corporate offices, research & development facilities, assembly lines, casting plants, and other various functions worldwide such as China, Turkey, Brazil, India, Japan, Sweden, Germany, Poland, Australia, and Malaysia. Mando Corporation expects its U.S. operations to generate over $950 million in revenue in 2012. Worldwide, the manufacturer employs over 9,900 workers, and has more than an annual revenue of $6 billion. Mando Corporation provides highly advanced and quality brakes, suspension, and steering parts to General Motors, Volkswagen, Chrysler, Ford, Nissan, Hyundai, Kia, Suzuki, Chevrolet, and many other automobile manufacturers world wide.
Lastly, Mando is projected to accrue close to 7 billion dollars in revenue for the 2014 fiscal year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20553569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553569" title="Clagiraba, Queensland">
Clagiraba, Queensland

Clagiraba is a suburb of Gold Coast City, Queensland, Australia approximately 25 km west of Surfers Paradise in the Gold Coast's hinterland. It is nestled between Mount Nathan and Witheren and also encompasses the southern end of Mount Tamborine. Though zoned rural, it is a comparatively short (10-15 minute) drive to more populous suburbs such as Nerang, Oxenford and Pacific Pines. It is approximately a 30 minute drive to many of the Gold Coast region's beach destinations such as Surfers Paradise, Main Beach and the Spit.
Clagiraba is named from Clagiraba Creek, a tributary of the Coomera River. The name Clagiraba is derived from the indigenous name 'Kalagareebah' meaning young or single men's ground. This was a region where young indigenous men were taken during their initiation ceremony.
Clagiraba is also home to Miss Universe Australia 2010,Jesinta Campbell, who placed second runner up.

</doc>
<doc id="20553594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553594" title="Lakshmi Vanthachu">
Lakshmi Vanthachu

Lakshmi Vanthachu is the Tamil remake of the famous Hindi film Khoobsurat starring Rekha and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. This part comedy and part sentimental movie with a large cast including Shivaji Ganesan, Revathi and Padmini was an average grosser. This was Revathi's last film before her marriage to cinematographer Suresh Menon. Actress Meena acted as a child in this movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20553595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553595" title="Cadomin Cave">
Cadomin Cave

Cadomin Cave is a natural limestone cave in the Canadian Rockies near the town of Cadomin, Alberta. 
Physical description and setting.
Cadomin Cave is located within Leyland Mountain at an elevation of 1890m, and was formed within the thickly-bedded limestones of the Palliser Formation. The cave consists of an upper series of spacious phreatic and keyhole-type passages underlain by somewhat smaller passages connected by tight crawlways. There is only one known entrance. Cadomin Cave is named after the town of Cadomin, an acronym for the Canada Dominion Mining company.
Exploration.
Cadomin Cave has been known since the early 1900s when prospectors opened up the Coal Branch district, but it was almost certainly known to native peoples before then. The first cave survey was conducted in 1959 prior to the formation of Canada's caving clubs, and produced an accurate map of the passages of the upper series as far as the Mess Hall, the cave's principal chamber. In 1977 and 1978 a long-rumored lower series of passages was discovered and surveyed by members of the Alberta Speleological Society, significantly increasing the cave's measured length to 1704m and its depth to 171m. Subsequent explorations including the discovery of the decorated Crystal Crawls in 1982 and unsuccessful dives of the sump have resulted in a measured length of 2791m and a depth of 220m.
Environmental issues.
The spacious, easy cave passages of Cadomin Cave's upper series have been popular with local and visiting outdoor enthusiasts for over a hundred years, and are amongst the most vandalized in the Canadian Rockies. In 1997 the Alberta Speleological Society became official stewards of Cadomin Cave under a program managed by Alberta Environment, and periodically conduct garbage cleanups and graffiti removal and assist with bat counts. In 1999 the cave was included within the newly formed Whitehorse Wildlands Provincial Park. Cadomin Cave is a hibernaculum for Little Brown Bats, and access is currently prohibited between the first weekend in September and the first day of May. White nose syndrome is expected to arrive in the next few winters, so the cave has been closed via Ministerial order, effective May 14, 2010. A locked gate will be installed designed to prevent human access while facilitating bat movements.
References.
"The Canadian Caver" Vol 10 No 1 and Vol 14 No 1
Cave Closure - http://www.caving.ab.ca/cadomin

</doc>
<doc id="20553600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553600" title="Stahovica">
Stahovica

Stahovica is a settlement that stretches along the road leading into the upper Kamnik Bistrica Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553606" title="Jon Poll">
Jon Poll

Jon Poll (born 1958) is an American film director, editor and producer, best known for his directorial debut with the 2007 film "Charlie Bartlett".
Career.
Poll is the one of three sons born to the late film producer, Martin Poll. He graduated from the University of Southern California's film school in 1981 before becoming a film editor. Between 1982 and 2004, he worked in the editing rooms of eighteen films, including "Weeds" (1987), "Fire Birds" (1990), "Cabin Boy" (1994), "" (1999), "Meet the Parents" (2000), "Austin Powers in Goldmember" (2002), "Scary Movie 3" (2003) and "Meet the Fockers" (2004). He was also a co-producer on the television series "TV 101", "Eerie, Indiana" and the film "Meet the Fockers", and was an executive producer on 2005's "The 40-Year-Old Virgin".
Poll made his directorial debut in 2007 with the teen comedy film "Charlie Bartlett". He read screenwriter Gustin Nash's film adaptation of C. D. Payne's 1993 novel "Youth in Revolt" and asked director Jay Roach—with whom he had previously worked on five films—if he had heard of Nash. Roach explained that he had been slated to direct another of Nash's screenplays, "Charlie Bartlett", but was forced to back out of the job on the same day. Roach recommended that Poll take the role as director; Poll then pitched himself to the film's producers and was hired. Poll co-produced Sacha Baron Cohen's 2009 mockumentary film "Brüno".
Personal life.
His father is film producer Martin Poll.

</doc>
<doc id="20553613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553613" title="Mohan Chopra">
Mohan Chopra

Mohan Chopra (10 September 1921 – 11 December 1969) was a Hindi intellectual and author.
Life.
Mohan Chopra was born at Gurdaspur, Punjab, India. He received his education at Dalhousie, Gurdaspur, and Lahore. He earned an M.A. in English and taught in colleges at Lahore, Ludhiana, Ferozepur, and Hissar.
Works.
Short stories.
Chopra's first short story was published in 1953 in a Calcuttan magazine called "Ranee". He wrote about a hundred short stories in his life. Most of them were published in a magazine from Allahabad called "Kahani". These stories are included in several collections of short stories titled "Aadha Kata Hua Surya", "Peele Patte", "Sham Aur Akela Aadmi", "Band Darwaza", "Intezaar Aur Terah Anya Kahaniyan" and "Mohan Chopra ki Shresth Kahaniyan". A number of these short stories have been translated in other Indian languages.
Novels.
Mohan Chopra's novel, "Bahein", was published in 1956. Thereafter, five other novels were published: "Needh Se Aage", "Ek Chhaya Aur Main", "Subah Se Pahle", "Ye Naye Log", and "Tuta Hua Aadmi". "Ek Chhaya Aur Main" was translated into the Kannada language and published under the name "Bhranti Samar".
Drama.
In the field of drama, three of Mohan Chopra's works were published: "Samay Ke Swar", a collection of one-act plays; "Chattan Ka Phool", a collection of radio plays; and "Aandhi Aur Ghar", a full-length play. "Aandhi Aur Ghar" was written along the lines of a Greek drama, keeping in view the unity of time, place, and action.
Travelogue.
"Vaadiyon Ke Raaste", a travelogue, was published in 1968.
Poetry.
Chopra published two books of poetry: "Nai Subah Ke Charan" in 1968 and "Coffee House Mein Mynah" in 2000.
Subject of Ph.D research.
His works were the subject of extensive research by Kurukshetra University. In 2000, a Ph.D degree was awarded to Promila Anand for research work entitled "Mohan Chopra Ka Vyaktitava Aur Krititava". In 2009, another Ph.D degree was awarded to Seema Devi for her research work entitled "Mohan Chopra Ke Sahitya Mein Vyakt Jeewan Darshan". His works were also the subject of many M. Phil degrees awarded by Kurukshetra and Guru Nanak Dev Universities.
Awards.
His novels "Tuta Hua Aadmi" and "Ye Naye Log", the full-length play "Aandhi Aur Ghar", and collection of short stories "Aadha Kata Hua Surya" were declared the best works of the year for 1971, 1972, and 1973 respectively by the Haryana Government. His novel "Ye Naye Log" was declared the best work for the year 1972 by the Punjab Government.

</doc>
<doc id="20553615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553615" title="Ballechin House">
Ballechin House

Ballechin House was a Georgian estate home near Grandtully, Perthshire, Scotland. It was built in 1806, on the site of an old manor house which had been owned by the Steuart family since the 15th century.
In 1834 Major Robert Steuart (1806-1876) inherited the house and rented it to tenants whilst he served in the Indian Army. During his time in India, Steuart came to believe in reincarnation and transmigration. He returned to the house in 1850 and lived there with numerous dogs: he is reported to have stated that he would return in the form of a dog. Major Steuart was unmarried, but local gossip linked his name with that of his much younger housekeeper who died there in 1873. After the Major's death, the house was inherited by his nephew John Skinner who assumed the name Steuart. Fearing that his uncle would reincarnate in the form of one of his dogs, the new owner reportedly shot them all. From this story came the legend that Robert Steuart was forced to haunt the house as a disembodied spirit. The first reported haunting at the house took place in 1876; the witness was a maid in the house.
In 1896 the house was investigated by John Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute with the assistance of paranormal researchers from the Society for Psychical Research. Ballechin House was known as "The Most Haunted House in Scotland", with several similarities to the Borley Rectory haunting, including the apparition of a ghostly nun. The team of investigators from the Society for Psychical Research included the notorious Ada Goodrich Freer. In 1899, "The Alleged Haunting of B---- House" by Crichton-Stuart and Freer was published, and serialised in The Times, containing a journal of the phenomena kept by Freer. Crichton-Stuart stayed at Ballechin during these investigations, and is quoted as saying that he "could not understand how such a handsome house could have so wicked of a reputation".
Ballechin House was uninhabited by 1932, and most of the house was demolished in 1963, after a fire, leaving only the former servants quarters and outbuildings. Also lost was art work and furniture which had been collected by generations of the Steuart family, including many pieces from the far east, reflecting successive lairds' involvement in the British East India Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20553617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553617" title="Hybogasteraceae">
Hybogasteraceae

The Hybogasteraceae are a family of fungi in the order Russulales. The family consists of a single genus, "Hybogaster", only known from southern Chile, and associated with living "Nothofagus" trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20553619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553619" title="SIO (software)">
SIO (software)

SIO is a serial port driver package for OS/2 written by Raymond L. Gwinn. It is designed to not only improve performance over OS/2's default serial drivers, but also improve compatibility. SIO contains a virtualized FOSSIL (VX00) driver that can be loaded to provide FOSSIL support to DOS based communications software. SIO later added the ability to create virtualized COM ports, which, combined with the included program VMODEM, allows incoming telnet connections to be directed toward the virtualized COM port. Older communications software are also able to "call out" to telnet sites. This is possible due to a custom set of "AT" commands that allow users to pass a hostname to the VMODEM software.
SIO (and the included VMODEM software) became very popular among Bulletin Board System operators due to the incoming telnet feature, as well as drastic speed improvements over other telnet solutions of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20553621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553621" title="Lachnocladiaceae">
Lachnocladiaceae

The Lachnocladiaceae are a family of fungi in the Russulales order. The family contains a total of 124 species in 8 genera. Species of this family, which have a widespread distribution in both tropical and temperate zones, are typically found on decaying coniferous or deciduous wood.

</doc>
<doc id="20553623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553623" title="Peniophoraceae">
Peniophoraceae

The Peniophoraceae are a family of fungi in the order Russulales. Species of this family have a cosmopolitan distribution and are mostly saprobic, causing rots of standing and fallen wood. According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 7 genera and 88 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20553631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553631" title="Stephanosporaceae">
Stephanosporaceae

The Stephanosporaceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricales. Species in the family, known from Eurasia and New Zealand, grow on the ground with rotting wood or plant debris. According to the "Dictionary of the Fungi" (8th edition, 2008), the family contains 5 genera and 21 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20553638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553638" title="Stara Sela">
Stara Sela

Stara Sela () is a small village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Selo" to "Stara sela" in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20553639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553639" title="Bianca Riario">
Bianca Riario

Bianca Riario (March 1478 – after 1522) was an Italian noblewoman, and the eldest child and only daughter of Caterina Sforza, Lady of Imola, Countess of Forlì, by the latter's first husband, Girolamo Riario, a nephew of Pope Sixtus IV.
Bianca married twice; her first husband was Astorre III Manfredi, Lord of Faenza, and her second husband, Troilo I de' Rossi, 1st Marquis of San Secondo, 6th Count of San Secondo, by whom she had eight recorded children.
At the time, the de' Rossi was one of the most prestigious noble families in Parma.
Bianca was the half-sister of the celebrated condottiero Giovanni delle Bande Nere, to whom she acted as a substitute mother while their own mother, Caterina was held prisoner by Cesare Borgia.
Early years.
Bianca was born at the Palazzo Corsini in Rome, the eldest child and only daughter of Caterina Sforza and her first husband, Girolamo Riario. Her birth occurred some time in March 1478, although the exact date is unknown. Her paternal grandparents were Paolo Riario and Bianca della Rovere, sister of Pope Sixtus IV; however, it was rumoured that Girolamo's actual father was his uncle, Pope Sixtus. Her maternal grandparents were Galeazzo Maria Sforza, Duke of Milan, and his mistress Lucrezia Landriani.
Bianca had five younger brothers from her mother's marriage to her father, a half-brother, Bernardino from her mother's second marriage to Giacomo Feo, and another half-brother from her mother's third and final marriage to Giovanni de' Medici il Popolano. This brother became known as the "condottiero" Giovanni delle Bande Nere.
Bianca's early years were turbulent, marked by the violence, treachery, family rivalry amongst the city-states, and continuous warfare which were salient features of life in Renaissance Italy. In August 1484, in Rome, following the death of Pope Sixtus IV, the city was sacked by looters and malcontents. After her father's palace was ransacked and almost destroyed, Bianca, along with her mother and her brothers, sought refuge in Castle of Sant'Angelo. Her mother immediately took command of the fortress, and began a siege in order to supervise the election of the new Pope, and coerce the Cardinals to negotiate with her. Caterina surrendered the fortress after Girolamo, who was Captain General of the Church, had taken a counterposition against her. Bianca and her family moved to Forlì and the Cardinals were able to meet in conclave.
Pope Sixtus's successor, Giovanni Battista Cybo, was not the preferred candidate of the Riarios, but instead, a long-standing opponent who took the name Innocent VIII.
On 14 April 1488, in Forlì, shortly after Bianca's tenth birthday, her father was stabbed to death inside the government palace, and his dead body was tossed from the palace into the square below where it was dragged through the streets by the citizens. His assassination was part of a conspiracy organised by members of the Orsi family over a financial dispute. After her father's palace was sacked, Bianca, her mother, and her brothers were immediately captured and taken prisoner. Their lives were constantly in peril, but the Riarios were eventually released after Ludovico Sforza, Duke of Milan, who was Caterina's uncle, came to their assistance. Bianca's stepfather Giacomo Feo also met his death by assassination, which Bianca witnessed with her own eyes. The year was 1495. Bianca had accompanied her mother, two of her brothers, Ottaviano and Cesare, and Giacomo on a hunting expedition. Upon their return, they were ambushed, and Giacomo was murdered by a group of assassins led by Gian Antonio Ghetti.
In 1500, Bianca's mother was taken prisoner, and raped and maltreated by the ferocious Cesare Borgia, the same man who, one year later, deposed Bianca's first husband, Astorre III Manfredi, and arranged his murder in 1502. During her mother's imprisonment, Bianca sought refuge in a convent but soon left in order to care for her young half-brother, Giovanni. It was during this period that Bianca and her brother formed a close bond of love and affection for one another which would never be severed.
Marriages.
Bianca's first marriage to Astorre III Manfredi, Lord of Faenza in 1494 was childless. Eight years later on 9 June 1502, Astorre was murdered by Cesare Borgia leaving her a widow at the age of 24. On an unknown date in 1503 at the Castle of Sant'Angelo, Bianca married secondly Troilo I de' Rossi, 1st Marquis of San Secondo, and 6th Count of San Secondo. He was the son of Giovanni Rossi and Angela Scotti. He was created marquis by King Louis XII of France on 15 August 1502, in gratitude for his military services in the conquest of the Duchy of Milan. Upon her marriage, Bianca was styled as Marchioness of San Secondo and Countess of San Secondo.
Bianca went to live at the castle, Rocca dei Rossi in San Secondo (modern province of Parma).
Upon the death of her husband on 3 June 1521, Bianca acted as regent of the marquisate and county of San Secondo for her son Pier Maria during his minority. Surrounded by hostile neighbours and numerous enemies which included relatives of her late husband Troilo, she summoned the assistance of her half-brother, Giovanni dalle Bande Nere, who helped protect her own interests and those of her children.
Bianca and her family formed a close friendship with author and satirist Pietro Aretino.
She died on an unknown date after 1522, in Florence.
Issue.
Bianca Riario bore at least eight children to Troilo de' Rossi:
In art.
A bronze medallion of Bianca was made by goldsmith Niccolò Fiorentino. It shows Bianca in profile; her hair is worn long, and is held in place by a jewelled headband. The medallion is on display at the Museo Civico Archeologico of Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="20553654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553654" title="CDC Group">
CDC Group

CDC Group plc (formerly the Commonwealth Development Corporation, and previous to that, the Colonial Development Corporation) is a Development Finance Institution owned by the UK Government. The Department for International Development is responsible for CDC, with shareholder duties managed by the Shareholder Executive. It has an investment portfolio valued around £2.8 billion and is focused on the emerging markets of Asia, Africa and Latin America, with particular emphasis on South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa.
History.
Formation.
The original Colonial Development Corporation was established as a statutory corporation in 1948 by Clement Attlee's post-war Labour government, to assist British colonies in the development of agriculture. Following the independence of many colonies, it was renamed the Commonwealth Development Corporation in 1963 and was permitted to invest outside the Commonwealth in 1969.
As part of the Commonwealth Development Corporation Act 1999, CDC was converted from a statutory corporation to a public limited company renamed CDC Group plc, with all shares owned by the UK Government.
Actis Spin-Out.
In July 2004 CDC spun out an emerging markets private equity fund manager, Actis Capital, with a 60% stake sold to the management team. CDC remained an active sponsor of Actis's investment activities, committing the equivalent of 650 million U.S. dollars to the firm's third fund. Following its reorganisation, CDC ceased making direct investments and became purely a fund of funds investment company. During this period it grew in value from £1.2 billion to £2.8 billion, investing in almost 1000 businesses in 70 developing countries. These businesses employed almost a million people and paid over US$3 billion a year in taxes. 
Criticisms of CDC.
CDC was the subject of extensive investigations by the magazine "Private Eye", which devoted seven pages to criticising the organisation in September 2010. Amongst other allegations, it claimed that CDC had moved away from financing beneficial international development towards seeking large profits from schemes that enriched CDC's managers while bringing little or no benefit to the poor; and that when Actis was spun out it was given an "implausibly low valuation". The Actis deal was also the subject of criticism by British politicians.
Review and Reform.
On 12 October 2010, the Secretary of State for International Development, Andrew Mitchell announced to Parliament that the British Government was to reconfigure CDC, saying that whilst he applauded its financial success, it had also "become less directly engaged in serving the needs of development". On 22 October 2010 the International Development Committee announced that it was to conduct an inquiry into CDC to examine issues such as its effectiveness and possible reforms, including its abolition. Their report was published on 3 March 2011 with the government's response delivered on 18 May 2011. In 2011 CDC implemented a new business plan, focusing its investments on the poorer countries of South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa, as well as once again providing direct investments to businesses alongside its fund of funds model.

</doc>
<doc id="20553662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553662" title="Graham Ord">
Graham Ord

Graham Ord born March 22, 1961, is an English musician and songwriter. He has garnered respect internationally as a fine musician and engaging communicator. His live performances are always passionate and compelling leaving audiences wanting more. Graham performed with the Wesley Brothers in the U.K. before embarking on his solo career.
Graham was born in Colchester Essex into a musical family and began song writing as early as 5 years old. He began playing the guitar in his early teens, being taught by his Father and also various music teachers at night school and private lessons. During the late 1970s while still at school in Wales he performed in the Punk band ‘Fire Exit’. In the early eighties he made the move to London where he lived briefly in Chelsea and later in Hatfield, eventually settling in St Albans. He became a regular as a solo act performing in the North London clubs and pubs supporting various bands and other Artists. His Younger brother Doug joined him later and together with Daryl C they formed the New Wave band ‘Prussian Blues’. They recorded together and performed in various clubs and wine bars in the London area.
Graham’s musical direction took a major turn after he found faith in Christ and for a year or so he didn’t perform too much in public. Later he teamed up with bass player Dave Moore and together they began performing as a duo. Later they asked Graham’s brother to join them on drums and formed the band ‘Hearts on Fire’. This band later became known as the Wesley Brothers Graham taking the name Leslie Wesley and Dave being known as Elvis Wesley. Other band members were inducted including Grunt, Hormone, Chipalater, Doc and Andrew Lloyd Wesley! The Wesley’s ended up having 13 drummers in a twelve-year period, the last of which was Geronimo Wesley named after a re usable condom from the 50’s! The Wesley brothers performed regularly on the North London pub circuit and recorded their debut ‘Fill Me Up’ which charted in 1996. Produced by Martin Smith of Delirious ithe title track also featured a duet with Graham and Kevin Prosch. Graham and Dave later also toured with Kevin’s band in the UK. Shortly after the Wesley’s signed with Alliance Media the band broke up and Graham went on to record a solo project entitled ‘Cryin’ Freedom’ again with Martin Smith producing and featuring Marc James on lead guitar and Jimmy the Skin Cooke on drums (now with Vera Cruz). It was a killer rock and roll album which despite promises of major distribution was never widely released. In 1998 Graham’s popular song ‘The Lord is Gracious and Compassionate’ was recorded by Vineyard Music Group in the UK and Ireland, while Graham relocated to Canada and began a solo Career in Vancouver BC. His first Canadian release was an instrumental recording entitled ‘Waiting’ He then went on to record two CD’s with producer and writer Brian Doerksen with the Vineyard Canada Music group.
Graham has since traveled extensively around the world as a musician and has released eight solo albums to date together with several collaborative projects which have attracted accolades from around the world. He has also written and produced music for several other successful artists and has composed scores for short film and narratives.
His production work with Canadian First Nations Artist Cheryl Bear won three major awards in 2007 including 'Single of the year' at the Aboriginal People's Choice Awards in Canada and in the US.
His latest recording Chill, an instrumental collaboration with Andrew Smith and Brian Wiebe, was nominated for a Shai award (Canada’s peoples choice music awards) for instrumental CD of the year.
Graham now works as a full-time musician and recording artist based out of Kelowna, B.C., Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20553665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553665" title="Timeline of the 2008 Mumbai attacks">
Timeline of the 2008 Mumbai attacks

This is a timeline of the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Warnings given to Taj Hotel and the Centre.
In October, US intelligence agencies warned the chairman of the company that owns the hotel, Mr Ratan Tata that there will be a terrorist attack on the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel. Security was increased, but was removed soon after. 
On 18 November, Indian intelligence agencies intercepted a satellite phone call to a leader of Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist organization, which revealed plans for a sea borne attack.
At the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower Hotel.
"Sources": "NDTV", "Evening Standard", and "BBC"

</doc>
<doc id="20553679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553679" title="Kevin Hughes">
Kevin Hughes

Kevin Hughes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553693" title="List of Presidents of the Oregon State Senate">
List of Presidents of the Oregon State Senate

This is a complete list of people who have served as President of the Oregon State Senate through the 2011 session.

</doc>
<doc id="20553720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553720" title="Texture (visual arts)">
Texture (visual arts)

In the visual arts, texture is the perceived surface quality of a work of art. It is an element of two-dimensional and three-dimensional design and is distinguished by its perceived visual and physical properties. Use of "texture", along with other elements of design, can convey a variety of messages and emotions.
Two varieties of texture.
Physical Texture.
"Physical texture", also known as "actual texture" or "tactile texture", are the actual variations upon a surface. This can include, but is not limited to, fur, wood grain, sand, smooth surface of canvas or metal, glass, and leather. It differentiates itself from visual texture by having a physical quality that can be felt by touch. Specific use of a texture can affect the smoothness that an artwork conveys. For instance, use of "rough surfaces" can be visually active, whilst "smooth surfaces" can be visually restful. The use of both can give a sense of personality to a design, or utilized to create emphasis, rhythm, contrast, etc.
Light is an important factor for physical artwork, because it can affect how a surface is viewed. Strong lights on a smooth surface can obscure the readability of a drawing or photograph, whilst they can create strong contrasts in a highly textural surface such as moose or pigs.
Visual Texture.
"Visual texture" is the illusion of having physical texture. Every material and every support surface has its own visual texture and needs to be taken into consideration before creating a composition. As such, materials such as canvas and watercolour paper are considerably rougher than, for example, photo-quality computer paper and may not be best suited to creating a flat, smooth texture. Photography, drawings and paintings use visual texture both to portray their subject matter realistically and with interpretation. Texture in these media are generally created by the repetition of shape and line.
Hypertexture.
Hypertexture can be defined as both the "realistic simulated surface texture produced by adding small distortions across the surface of an object" (as pioneered by Ken Perlin) and a new avenue for describing the fluid morphic nature of texture in the realm of cyber graphics and the tranversally responsive works created in the field of visual arts therein (as described by Lee Klein).

</doc>
<doc id="20553728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553728" title="Echinodontiaceae">
Echinodontiaceae

The Echinodontiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Russulales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution, although they are especially predominant in north temperate zones. They are parasitic or saprobic on wood, and may cause white rots of angiosperms and gymnosperms.
Description.
Species of this family have resupinate to effused-reflexed basidiocarps, smooth to spiny hymenophores, amyloid spores, dimitic hyphae, and cause white rot.
Classification.
The family was circumscribed by Donk in 1961, and monographed by Gross in 1964. He recognized six species in the genus "Echinodontium" ("E. tinctorium", "E. tsugicola", "E. ballouii", "E. japonicum", "E. taxodii" and "E. sulcatum") with hymenia ranging from smooth to spiny. Jülich added another genus "Laurilia" (incorporating "E. taxodii" and "E. sulcatum") when he described the family.
Molecular phylogenetic studies show that the Echinodontiaceae belong in the Russuloid clade. Although some studies have suggested that the "Echinodontium" genus is closely related to the "Amylostereum", a more recent study does not support this conclusion.
Genera.
Species in the genus "Echinodontium" have a hydnaceous (with spinelike protuberances) hymenial surface, dimitic hyphal system, smooth basidiospores, and in 3 of 4 species, a symbiotic association with horntails — "Sirex" and "Urocerus" species. The insects eat the fungus and help disperse the species by inoculating the wood of the host tree with either hyphal fragments or spores when they lay their eggs.
The genus "Laurilia" has species characterized by an even to tuberculate hymenial surface, dimitic hyphal system, and echinulate basidiospores.
In his monograph on the Echinodontiaceae, Gross (1964) suggested that "Echinodontium" and "Laurilia" were congeneric (sharing the same taxonomic genus), sharing features such as clamp connections, thick-walled encrusted cystidia and a brown context. Later molecular data have supported this early hypothesis.
Notable species.
The species "Echinodontium tinctorium" causes a destructive tree disease called "true heart rot", meaning the decay is confined to the heartwood of the tree. The specific epithet "tinctorium" makes reference to the usage of fruit bodies (commonly known as the Indian Paint fungus) by Native Americans to prepare red pigments. One of the pigments in this species, named echinotinctone (2,6-dihydroxy-1,8-dimethyl-3H-xanthen-3-one), is the first simple fluorone pigment from fungi.
Another species, "E. ballouii", known only from two collections on Atlantic white cedar, has not been found since 1909, coinciding with a reduction in the range of this tree due to harvesting.
"Echinodontium ryvardenii" is a species found only on Juniper in Corsica.
The illudane sesquiterpenoids echinolactones A and B have been isolated from the culture broth of "E. japonicum". A number of triterpenoids have also been identified in "E. tsugicola".

</doc>
<doc id="20553743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553743" title="New York City Police Riot">
New York City Police Riot

The New York City Police Riot of 1857, known at the time as the Great Police Riot, was a conflict which occurred between the recently dissolved New York Municipal Police and the newly formed Metropolitan Police on June 16, 1857. Arising over Mayor Fernando Wood's appointment of Charles Devlin over Daniel Conover for the position of city street commissioner, amid rumors that Devlin purchased the office for $50,000 from Wood himself, Municipal police battled Metropolitan officers attempting to arrest Mayor Wood. 
Two arrest warrants had been issued against the Mayor following an altercation between him and Conover when arriving at City Hall to assume his office. The situation was resolved only with the intervention of the New York State Militia under Major-General Charles W. Sandford.
Background.
The massive police corruption under Mayor Fernando Wood's administration prompted the New York state legislature to relieve the city official of control over the police force. Several bills were passed during the spring of 1857, most importantly abolishing the Municipal Police and Police Board formed under the Act of 1853, replacing them with a Metropolitan Police District which would fall under the jurisdiction of Manhattan, Brooklyn, Staten Island and the rest of the boroughs comprising present-day New York City. This new police force was to be controlled by a 5-man board of police commissioners, appointed by the Governor of New York, and at first comprised Simeon Draper, James Bowen, James W. Nye, Jacob Cholwell and James S.T. Stranahan. The head of this commission was Frederick Augustus Tallmadge, noted reformer and Recorder of New York City during the Astor Place Riots of 1849, who accepted the position of Superintendent of Police after several others had declined.
The new police board ordered Mayor Wood to disband the Municipal police and turn over its police property to the Metropolitans. Wood refused to cooperate with them however, even when the State Supreme upheld the police board in May 1857, and called upon his police force to support him. When it was put to a vote among the ranks of the Municipals, 15 police captains and 800 patrolmen under Police Superintendent George Washington Matsell chose to support the Mayor. The remaining members, among them Captain George W. Walling, chose to comply with the state and joined the Metropolitans. While the Metropolitans were setting up their new headquarters on White Street, Mayor Wood was filling the positions left vacant by those who had left the Municipal police.
Events.
In June 1857, the sudden death of city Street Commissioner Joseph S. Taylor caused a dispute which arose between Mayor Wood and Governor John King over a successor. Daniel D. Conover was originally selected to take over as street commissioner but, when he arrived at New York City Hall to officially assume the office on June 16, he was informed that Mayor Wood had appointed Charles Devlin for the position instead. Woods then had Conover forcibly removed from the building by Municipal police officers resulting in Conover immediately obtaining two arrest warrants for the arrest of Mayor Wood, one for inciting a riot and a second for ""violence against Conover's person"". It was widely speculated at the time that Wood had received $50,000 from Devlin to secure the position.
Captain George Walling was assigned to carry out one of the warrants. He arrived at City Hall by himself and was allowed to speak with Mayor Wood in his private office. Explaining the purpose of his visit, Wood refused to accompany Walling who then attempted to take him out of the building by force. With over 300 Municipal officers stationed at City Hall, Walling was stopped before he could take the Mayor out of the his office and was then thrown out into the street. He remained at City Hall, attempting several times to reenter the building, arguing with Captain Abraham Ackerman until the arrival of Captain Jacob Sebring and Coroner Perry with a 50-man Metropolitan detachment to serve the second warrant.
Instantly the Municipals charged out of the building and, for over a half hour, the police fought on the steps and in the corridors of City Hall. The Metropolitans were eventually forced from the building and fled in a disorganized retreat. Both sides had suffered 53 men injured including one officer from the Seventeenth Precinct, a Patrolman Crofut, whose injuries resulting in his becoming an invalid. The wounded Metropolitans were brought to the office of Recorder James M. Smith and treated by physicians while Mayor Wood and his supporters celebrated their victory barricaded in his private office. 
During the battle, Conover and his attorney visited Sheriff Jacob Westervelt to request that he serve the warrants. Westervelt was advised by his own representatives, who agreed that it was his legal responsibility to do so, and left with the two men for City Hall. Upon his arrival, Wood again refused to leave his office. Soon afterwards, members of the Metropolitan Police Board met with Major-General Charles W. Sandford who was about to leave with the Seventh Regiment for Boston. They explained the situation and Sandford agreed to assist. Leading the regiment to City Hall, he had his men surround the building and he himself entered City Hall to confront Mayor Wood. By this time, realizing his situation, Wood agreed to submit and was placed under arrest.
Aftermath.
Within an hour of his arrest, Wood was released on bail. He was apparently never brought to trial, as records seem to indicate, and civil courts later supported that the Governor had no legal right to interfere in the Mayor of New York deciding the appointments of city officials. Several months following the riot, policemen who had been injured at City Hall sued Mayor Wood and received $250 each. Wood ignored the ruling and the officers were later paid, including legal bills, by the city.
Tensions remained high between the Municipal and Metropolitan police, especially during the next several months, and their feud continued throughout the summer. It was a common occurrence for Municipal officers to interfere in arrests by Metropolitan patrolmen. Criminals were often either released by Municipal officers or, when brought to a precinct, let go upon their own recognizance. This rivalry encouraged the criminal underworld to go on a crime spree and was partially responsible for the Dead Rabbits Riot in July 1857. By the fall of 1857, the Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the Supreme Court's decision and Mayor Wood quietly agreed to disband the Municipal police force.

</doc>
<doc id="20553749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553749" title="Jeffery">
Jeffery

Jeffery is a surname and occasionally an alternate spelling of the given name Jeffrey. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553754" title="Slick &amp; Rose">
Slick &amp; Rose

Slick & Rose is an Atlanta-based pop, new wave and R&B duo that formed in 2000. The duo is composed of Nikki "Slick" Ervin, from Mobile, Alabama, and Sabrina "Rose" Harvey, from New York City
History.
They have opened for and/or performed with musicians including Common, Kindred The Family Soul, Phife Dawg, Angie Stone, Sugarland, Vivian Green, Scratch, Donnie, Joi, Slum Village, Nappy Roots, Edwin McCain, Van Hunt, Chingy, DJ Drama, Dead Prez, John Legend and Kanye West.
Films.
Slick & Rose's music has been featured in the award winning films "Premium" and "Yellow".

</doc>
<doc id="20553756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553756" title="Champasak Palace">
Champasak Palace

Champasak Palace, in Pakse, Laos, was a former residence of the Prince of Champasak, Chao Boun Oum. It was built for Prince Boun Oum, as a residence, but he had to abandon it in 1974, before it was finished as the Royal Lao government was overthrown by the communist Pathet Lao. After the revolution, the building was completed and served as a venue for the Communist party congresses and accommodation for visiting dignitaries. The Palace was then converted into a hotel in 1995 after a Thai company succeeded in its negotiations with the Lao government.

</doc>
<doc id="20553763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553763" title="Ruffalo">
Ruffalo

Ruffalo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20553764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553764" title="Java Cryptography Extension">
Java Cryptography Extension

The Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) is an officially released Standard Extension to the Java Platform. JCE provides a framework and implementation for encryption, key generation and key agreement, and Message Authentication Code (MAC) algorithms. JCE supplements the Java platform, which already includes interfaces and implementations of message digests and digital signatures. Installation is specific to the version of the Java Platform you are using, with downloads available for Java 6 and Java 7.

</doc>
<doc id="20553768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553768" title="Bambassi language">
Bambassi language

Bambassi is an Omotic Afroasiatic language spoken in Ethiopia around the towns of Bambasi and Didessa in the area east of Asosa in Benishangul-Gumuz Region. The parent language group is the East Mao group. Alternative names for the language are Bambeshi, Siggoyo, Amam, Fadiro, Northern Mao, Didessa and Kere.
The most current information on the number of Bambassi speakers is not known, as the 2007 census grouped the Mao languages together, despite low lexical similarity. 33,683 mother tongue speakers of Maogna (covering Bambassi, Hozo and Seze) were listed.
__NOTOC__
Similarities.
Bambassi has a 31% lexical similarity with other Omotic languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20553770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553770" title="Stebljevek">
Stebljevek

Stebljevek is a small dispersed settlement next to Šmartno in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553777" title="Convoy SC 48">
Convoy SC 48

SC 48 was a North Atlantic convoy of the SC series which ran during the battle of the Atlantic in World War II.
It was notable for being the occasion of the "Kearny" incident, which brought the United States one step closer to war with Germany.
Prelude.
SC 48 was an east-bound convoy of 52 ships, carrying war materials and sailed from Sydney, Cape Breton on 5 October 1941 bound for Liverpool. It was under the command of Commodore HM Sanders in the MV "Castalia".
It was escorted by a Canadian escort group consisting of the destroyer (Lt Cdr SW Davis as Senior Officer Escort), and seven corvettes; , , , , , and the Free French "Mimosa".
Opposing this force was the patrol line "Mordbrenner", which was to have comprised eight U-boats and was in the process of forming south of Iceland near the Mid-Ocean Meeting Point. This was the point at which North Atlantic convoys were handed over between the Ocean and the Western Approaches escorts at this stage of the Atlantic campaign.
Allied intelligence became aware of the presence of "Mordbrenner", and started to divert the convoys then at sea, but a loss of Ultra intelligence on 12/13 October left SC 48 in the dark; and on the night of 14/15 October it was sighted by "U-553" (K/L Karl Thurmann).
At this point in time SC 48 was in some disarray; 11 of its ships, including "Castalia", were straggling following heavy weather on the night of 9/10 October. "Columbia" and two of the corvettes, "Camrose" and "Rosthern", were detached looking for them. A third corvette, "Shediac" was also separated by the storm and out of radio contact.
On 14 October SC 48’s escort comprised just four corvettes; "Wetaskiwin" (as Acting SOE), "Baddeck", "Gladiolus" and "Mimosa".
Action.
15 October 1941.
In the early hours of 15 October Thurmann of "U-553" reported his contact to U-boat Command (BdU) and was ordered to shadow, whilst other U-boats were gathered for the attack. However Thurmann chose to attack that night, and succeeded in sinking two ships, "Silvercedar", which lost 21 crew, and "Ila", most of whose crew were saved. "U-553" was sighted by "Silverhelm", the next ship in the column, which attempted to ram, but failed; "U-553" was also sighted by "WC Teagle", but she was unable to bring her gun to bear before "U-553" escaped.
On 15 October Enigma was re-acquired and Western Approaches Command realized a major attack was building; a number of escorts from nearby convoys were diverted to reinforce SC 48.
First a force of US destroyers (DesRon 13), detached from ON 24; two Royal Navy destroyers ( and HMS "Broadwater") from TC 14; two Royal Navy corvettes ( and ) from ON 25; and a RCN corvette () from Iceland.
Later on 15 October "Columbia" rejoined, while "U-553" was joined by two more boats; "U-558" (Günther Krech) and "U-568" (Joachim Preuss). As "U-553" continued to shadow, she was sighted by "Columbia", who attacked her, driving her away, but with no damage; "U-553" fired a torpedo at "Columbia", which missed.
During the day "U-558" joined, having encountered the ship "Vancouver Island" sailing independently ; she was sunk with the loss of all 73 crew and 32 passengers. Before nightfall "U-568" also arrived, and the three boats prepared to attack.
As darkness fell on the night of 15/16 October the U-boats attacked again. "U-568" attacked and sank "Empire Heron", "Gladiolus" counter-attacked, and "U-568" was driven off. "Gladiolus" then detached to pick up survivors, but never rejoined the convoy; she was lost with all hands, reportedly by "U-568" on the 17th, but more probably on the 16th by "U-432".
16 October 1941.
After midnight on 15/16th, SC 48 made an emergency turn to port, followed before dawn by a turn to starboard, in an attempt to shake off pursuit; this was initially successful, but the pack regained contact in the afternoon of 16th and again closed in.
Also that afternoon of 16 October the first reinforcements arrived, in the form of DesRon 13; this comprised the destroyers , , and , led by (Capt L Thebaud). These were joined later by Thebaud's fifth destroyer, , accompanied by HMCS "Pictou".
As senior officer present Thebaud assumed command of the escorts; however although he had seniority Thebaud had little experience in escort work, and a number of mistakes were made allowing the U-boats to mount a successful attack that night.
By nightfall on 16th BdU had gathered nine U boats for the attack; the three "Mordbrenner" boats plus seven newcomers, ( "U-101", "U-109", "U-208", "U-374", "U-432", "U-502" and "U-573")
During the night of 16/17th the pack attacked, closing in with little interference from the escorts.
"U-553" sank "Bold Venture" at about 8pm. "U-558" sank "WC Teagle" about an hour later; "Erviken" was attacked and sunk as she stopped to pick up survivors and "Rym" was also sunk as she slowed to do the same. "U-432" sank "Evros" and "Barfonn" just before midnight.
Just after midnight "U-568" hit a destroyer which had stopped to avoid a collision with a corvette; this was USS "Kearny". She was severely damaged, losing 11 killed and 22 wounded, but was saved by effort of the crew. She was detached to Iceland, escorted by "Decatur" and"Greer".
In the early hours of 17 October more warships arrived; HMS "Highlander" and "Broadwater" from TC 14, and HMS "Abelia" and "Veronica" from ON 25. With this reinforcement further attacks were warded off, but the pack remained in contact, awaiting a further opportunity.
17 October 1941.
At dawn on 17 October the convoy was joined by Western Approaches escort; This was EG 3, comprising four destroyers (, , and HMS "Georgetown") and one corvette (), with two trawlers and a rescue ship. The RCN group departed at this point, being low on fuel; also DesRon 13 left to follow "Kearny" to Iceland.
The pack was still in contact, but all further attacks were frustrated by the escort. "Veronica" made a determined attack on a contact and claimed a kill, but no U boat loss was confirmed. A Catalina flying air cover also bombed "U-558" which was damaged, but continued to shadow until the attack was called off.
18 October 1941.
On the night of 17/18 October the pack tried again; all attacks were repelled but U-101 fired on "Broadwater", causing her mortal damage; she remained afloat for another 12 hours, but had to be abandoned and sunk.
On 18 October BdU ordered the attack discontinued. "Mordbrenner", which had never completely formed, was dissolved, the remaining boats being sent west to form a new patrol line off the coast of Canada. The remaining boats were moved east to form a new patrol line, "Reisswolf", south-east of Greenland.
22 October 1941.
SC 48 continued without further loss, the 31 ships arriving at Liverpool on 22 October 1941. The 11 stragglers which had become separated in the storm on 10 October had been gathered up by "Camrose" and "Rosthern". Led by Commodore Sanders in "Castalia" and with just two corvettes as escort this group was able to make the crossing without interference, arriving in Britain 10 days after the main body.
Conclusion.
This was undoubtedly a victory for the U boat arm; SC 48 lost nine ships of 51,093 tons, while the escort lost two ships sunk and onr damaged; no U boats were lost. Some of the losses, in the face of a large and powerful escort force, can be attributed to Captain Thebaud’s inexperience in convoy escort duty. This, and other cases, led to the practice of leaving the escort group commander of the convoy in charge of its defence, regardless of seniority; a major break with tradition. The attack on "Kearny" and the loss of American lives was seen as an affront to the United States, and was another step out of her isolation in World War II.
Tables.
Allied ships sunk
Allied warships hit
U-boats hit

</doc>
<doc id="20553781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553781" title="Lipstick effect">
Lipstick effect

The lipstick effect is the theory that when facing an economic crisis consumers will be more willing to buy less costly luxury goods. Instead of buying expensive fur coats, for example, people will buy expensive lipstick.
It has been rumored that lipstick sales doubled after the 9/11 attacks on the USA, however, other sources say this is an overstatement. In a New York Times article published May 1, 2008, Leonard Lauder is quoted as saying that he noted his company's sales of lipstick rose after the terrorist attacks. He did not claim they doubled.
The underlying assumption is that consumers will buy luxury goods even if there is a crisis. When consumer trust in the economy is dwindling, consumers will buy goods that have less impact on their available funds. Outside the cosmetics market, consumers could be tempted by expensive beer or smaller, less costly gadgets.
Juliet Shor in her book "The Over Spent American" talks to consumer's purchase of higher-priced, more prestigious lipsticks, specifically Chanel, that are used in public, vs. lower-priced, less prestigious brands that are used in privacy of the bathroom.
More recently, however, a more nuanced view of the effect has come to light, rooting it in a pre-historic urge to preserve the species. "The Economist" tested the lipstick effect in 2009 with statistical analysis. "Not everyone is convinced," said the newspaper. "Reliable historical figures on lipstick sales are hard to find, and most lipstick believers can only point to isolated, anecdotal examples as evidence of the larger phenomenon. Data collected by Kline & Company, a market-research group, show that lipstick sales sometimes increase during times of economic distress, but have also been known to grow during periods of prosperity. In other words, there is no clear correlation."
In a recent study by four university researchers, the effect is attributed to evolutionary psychology: "This effect is driven by women’s desire to attract mates with resources and depends on the perceived mate attraction function served by these products. In addition to showing how and why economic recessions influence women’s desire for beauty products, this research provides novel insights into women’s mating psychology, consumer behavior, and the relationship between the two. ... Although the lipstick effect has garnered some anecdotal lore, the present research suggests that women’s spending on beauty products may be the third indicator of economic recessions—an indicator that may be rooted in our ancestral psychology."

</doc>
<doc id="20553786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553786" title="Johnston River">
Johnston River

Johnston River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
The Johnston River rises on Ruby Plains Station, flows in a northerly direction for 46 km and discharges into the Elvire River in Elvire Gorge to the east of Halls Creek. 
The first European to see the Johnston River was the surveyor, Harry Johnston, who surveyed the river in 1884. The river was named after him by another surveyor Charles William Nyulasy, in 1887.
The two tributaries of the Johnston River are Fox River and Duerdin Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20553788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553788" title="Stolnik, Kamnik">
Stolnik, Kamnik

Stolnik () is a small village in the hills above Tunjice in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20553804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553804" title="Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role">
Japan Academy Prize for Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role

The of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the "Nippon Academy-sho association" (Japan Academy Prize Association).

</doc>
<doc id="20553820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553820" title="Minister of Health (Iraq)">
Minister of Health (Iraq)

The Minister of Health is an official within the Government of Iraq responsible for protecting and promoting public health and providing welfare through direct supervision of Ministry of Health
The current minister is Majeed Hamad Ameen.

</doc>
<doc id="20553839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553839" title="Anca Parghel">
Anca Parghel

Anca Parghel (born September 16, 1957, Câmpulung Moldovenesc — died December 5, 2008, Timişoara), Romanian jazz artist, was a singer (jazz, be-bop, samba, bel canto) who excelled in scat, improvisation and vocal percussion. She claimed to be a polyglot, speaking seven different languages, including English, German, Portuguese and her native Romanian.
Biography.
Born to a poor family she began singing at the age of three and was up onstage quickly as a prodigy child. She also sang in her church choir. 
She left home at age 14 to study at the Music High School in Iaşi, later attending the Iaşi Conservatory which she graduated in 1981 (primary instrument piano, secondary: bel canto). However, since jazz was not exactly popular nor officially encouraged in this part of the world living behind the Iron Curtain, Anca studied jazz on her own. At the age of 18 she married painter Virgiliu Parghel (divorced 2001), with whom she had two sons, Ciprian and Tudor.
Anca Parghel taught music for a living in Suceava (Bucovina) at the local Arts high-school before turning to a professional singing career (circa 1989). She was a Professor of vocal jazz at the Brussels Royal Conservatory and the Lemmens Conservatory in Leuven (1997–2002). She lived in Brussels for 8 years before making a triumphant return to her home country around 2004–2005. Academically, she wrote a dissertation about the improvisation of Charlie Parker. As a music instructor and choir conductor she taught many generations of aspiring singers and professional musicians, and led many workshops across Europe in Bucharest, Chisinau, Brussels/Namur, in Germany and England. She toured extensively in Europe, mostly playing in local clubs in Germany, Holland, Belgium, France, Italy, Spain, Austria and Switzerland. 
She performed in Canada (most notably at the Rimouski Jazz Festival 2003 where she preceded and eclipsed famed French diva Anne Ducros (cf. Rimouski local press, in early September 2003 reporting on "Rimouski Festi Jazz") and in the United States (2003–2006). She performed on-stage and recorded with well-known jazz performers such as Larry Coryell, Jon Hendricks, Billy Hart, Archie Shepp, Claudio Roditi, John Engels, Jean-Louis Rassinfosse, Philippe Catherine, Eric Legnini, Peter Herbolzheimer, Peter Hertmans, Aldo Romano, Marc Levine, Gustavo Bergalli, Pierre van Dormael, John Ruocco, John Dankwooth, Paolo Radoni, Bruno Castellucci, Thomas Stanco, Hein van der Geyn, Ron van Rossum, Ricardo Del Fra, Felix Simtaine, Norma Winstone, Stephane Galland, Theo de Jong, Pierre Vaiana, Charles Loos, Ivan Paduart, Decebal Badila, Mark Griffith, Mircea Tiberian, Klaus Ignatzek, Rob Radna, the Romanian Radio Big-Band, bassist Christopher Dean Sullivan and percussionist Michael T.A. Thompson. Anca Parghel made occasional, unannounced late-night jam appearances in jazz clubs in New York City where she played with the local bands led by Pat Higgins at the "Lennox Lounge", "St. Nick's Pub" or by Manny Duran at Cleopatra's Needle. Her concert in Danville, Virginia at the North Theater on November 10, 2006 was played to an enchanted full house and created a local sensation (cf. Danville, VA press).
Anca Parghel also recorded an electro-pop album in 2007 and submitted the tune "Brasil" to National Selection Contest 2008 for Eurovision. The song was not selected, but "Brasil" gained high commercial success in Romania and in Europe.
Parghel died from complications of breast cancer. She appeared on stage just one month prior to her death.

</doc>
<doc id="20553843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553843" title="Evoma">
Evoma

Evoma is an Indian corporation based in Bangalore, IN providing serviced office & business hotel accommodation. 
History.
In 2002 while travelling, British entrepreneur, Ashok Vohra, noted the difficulty in establishing a company in India and the lack of flexible space available to travelling business people. Finding partners to work with and navigating the Indian business terrain was difficult even for someone with experience in the region. He identified a need for Business Incubation space that was maintained, staffed, and available for companies to use on a flexible basis and went on to found his first Business Incubation Center in Bangalore.
In 2002 Evoma built its first center in Bangalore.
In 2005 Evoma acquired an additional premises in KR Puram and expanded its capabilities in Bangalore. The new facility included a Business Hotel .
Operations.
Evoma provides serviced offices, virtual offices, hotel rooms and meeting rooms to clients on a contract basis. Evoma caters to small businesses, large companies with few representatives in a given location, and frequent travellers. The company has a strong focus on helping small businesses & entrepreneurs establish & grow their companies. The Company operates in India, with 2 business centers and 1 business hotel in Bangalore. Evoma employs 150 people in Bangalore, India

</doc>
<doc id="20553845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553845" title="Studenca">
Studenca

Studenca (in older sources also "Studenec", ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Spodnja Studenca (), Zgornja Studenca (), and Zabreznik.

</doc>
<doc id="20553860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553860" title="Jeffreys">
Jeffreys

Jeffreys is a surname, which may refer to:
People: (See also the common variants Jeffries and Jefferies)
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20553888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553888" title="Andy Davidson (Torchwood)">
Andy Davidson (Torchwood)

Andy Davidson is a fictional character in the BBC television programme "Torchwood", portrayed by Tom Price. Andy, an officer with the South Wales Police, is a supporting character who first appears in "Torchwood"s premiere episode "Everything Changes" and recurs regularly from thereon. Though initially only credited as 'PC Andy', the character's surname 'Davidson' was given in novels and online media and eventually confirmed by dialogue in (2009). Like Gwen's partner, Rhys (Kai Owen), Andy is used by the production team as an everyman character who grounds the series in a recognisable real-world setting. The character had originally been slated to be killed off in the first series, though the production team had a change of heart, believing him to work well as a supporting character. Both cast and crew, as well as professional reviewers have spoken of the character's role in providing comic relief and an outsiders perspective on the Torchwood Institute.
Within the series' narrative, Andy is introduced as a constable for the South Wales Police in Cardiff, as the beat partner of leading female character Gwen. Whilst Andy's role in the first series is peripheral, he has a larger role in the second series where he assists Gwen more directly in her ongoing cases. Whilst jealous of Gwen's exciting life with Torchwood, he remains loyal to her, choosing her side rather than follow government procedure in "Children of Earth". By the time of the fourth series, "" (2011), set two years after the previous serial, Andy has been promoted to the rank of sergeant and acts as a UK-based ally to the now-transatlantic Torchwood team. External commentary on the series has referred to him as a "fan favourite".
Appearances.
Television.
Andy first appears in the series première "Everything Changes" (2006) and is present when his police partner Gwen Cooper sustains a head injury, causing him to remain sceptical when she begins tracking Captain Jack Harkness (John Barrowman) and Torchwood. After Gwen joins Torchwood, she meets Davidson again outside a nightclub where a man has been killed by a "sex monster"-possessed woman. Like Gwen's boyfriend Rhys (Kai Owen), Andy initially believes that she has been promoted to "special ops". He later appears to begrudgingly assist Gwen in series one finale "End of Days" (2007), and the second series opener "Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang" (2008). In "Adrift", Davidson calls Gwen to investigate sudden disappearances in Cardiff, and admonishes her for her hardened perspective. During the episode he reveals his affection for her and resentment toward Rhys, which Gwen learns is his excuse for not attending her wedding. During "Exit Wounds", Andy helps Gwen in coordinating the police force's response to the bombs planted by Gray (Lachlan Nieober) and Captain John Hart (James Marsters), subsequently working alongside Rhys to keep the attacking alien Weevils out of the police station.
In "" (2009), he is present after the Torchwood Hub is blown up. He is ordered by Agent Johnson (Liz May Brice) to lead a team of government hit men to Gwen and Rhys' house. However, Davidson does not believe that Gwen is really a terrorist and subsequently delays Johnson, giving Gwen time to escape. Two days later he assists Gwen in securing the paperwork to bail Clem McDonald (Paul Copley) from police custody. After the death of Ianto (Gareth David Lloyd), Gwen's Torchwood colleague, Andy drives Gwen and Rhys to the council estate where Ianto's sister Rhiannon (Katy Wix) lives with her family. He struggles with his duty as he watches the police and the army forcefully seizing children in order to appease the 456 and ultimately discards his uniform to fight alongside rioting civilians against the authorities. In "The New World" (2011) Andy, now a police sergeant, gets in touch with Gwen and Rhys who are in hiding, and informs them that Gwen's father Geraint (William Thomas) is in hospital following two heart attacks and should have died, but has not. Andy explains that this is due to Miracle Day, a phenomenon whereby death ceases to occur across the world and the gravely-wounded continue to remain alive. Along with other South Wales police officers he assists with CIA agent Rex Matheson's (Mekhi Phifer) extradition of Jack and Gwen to the United States. After the Torchwood team have relocated to Washington Jack learns that Andy has had Rhys and daughter Anwen moved to a safe house. In "The Categories of Life", he attempts to use his sergeant status to extract Gwen's father from an "overflow camp", later regarded as a form of concentration camp, but is unsuccessful. Andy is later called upon by Esther Drummond (Alexa Havins) to rescue Gwen's family from a hostage situation, shooting one of the captors in the process. He is visibly shaken at his actions, stating that he'd never shot anyone before. As Miracle Day ends, Andy accompanies Rhys to the overflow camp to sit with his dying father-in-law and himself comforts a dying teenage girl with no known family as she passes away.
Spin-off media.
In addition to the televised series, Andy makes appearances in "Torchwood" novels and audio dramas. He encounters Gwen again in the novel "Another Life" (set during series one) at the scene of Guy Wildman's death, and shows frustration at her evasive replies to his inquiries. In the novel "Slow Decay", Rhys phones Andy after the attempted abduction of colleague Lucy Sobel and detects from Andy's handling of the situation that Andy does not seem to like him, foreshadowing his later characterisation in the second series. The novel "Trace Memory" depicts a flashback of Gwen Cooper's first day partnered alongside him in the police force. Non-fiction tie-in "The Torchwood Archives" claims that Andy and Gwen were partners in the force for four years, prior to the events of "Everything Changes" and that during that time Andy never made a single criticism of her. Andy also appears in the "Torchwood" audiobook "In the Shadows", where he alerts Gwen to a mysterious case. Price provides voice acting for the "Torchwood" radio play "Asylum" in which Andy takes a personal interest in Freda, an Asylum seeker from the future. Andy has a central role in the 2012 audiobook "Fallout", read by Tom Price and set after the conclusion of "Miracle Day", where he must investigate alien technology in the absence of Gwen and Torchwood. A reviewer for the "Ely Standard" notes that the character's role has "gradually expanded to the point whereby he can comfortably hold his own as lead character". Andy subsequently plays a large role in the audiobook "Mr Invincible", also narrated by Price, where he joins forces with Captain Jack to investigate a number of time-related discrepancies in the Cardiff area.
Characterisation.
Though the casting call had specified Welsh actors only, the role of Andy was cast to Tom Price, who does not originate from Wales. Price characterises Andy as the sort of police officer who doesn't see much action, typically being more occupied with paperwork. Andy is shown to be sceptical towards the increasing role of forensics in policing, and his style is seen to favour a traditional investigative approach. An earnest individual, Andy's concern remains human and his appearance in "Adrift" is used to highlight Gwen's development into a harder woman since joining Torchwood.
In an interview with "Doctor Who Magazine", actor Tom Price states that one of the original producers had originally wanted to kill Andy off in the first series as he was such a peripheral character. Executive producer Julie Gardner felt that it suited to have Andy return later in the series as it maintains a sense of continuity. She believes that there's a palpable relationship between Gwen and Andy. Director Brian Kelly opines that it makes perfect sense for Andy to return in episode thirteen as "he is the person who would phone Gwen" in a crisis situation. Eve Myles, who portrays Gwen, believes that Price conveys the humorous aspects of Andy's character "fantastically", which enables her as an actress to understand the friendship between the characters. Myles also feels that Andy plays a crucial part in reminding viewers of Gwen's development; when he reappears "it takes you right back to the beginning, it reminds you where she came from, how Jack found Gwen". Price enumerates that by the second series Andy is used by the production team as a "pressure valve" to relieve tension.
2008 episode "Adrift" reveals that Andy has harboured feelings for Gwen over the course of several years, a revelation which Stephen James Walker feels helps add extra depth to the character. Price, speaking about his character's history, speculates that Andy may once have made a clumsy pass at Gwen when the two of them were first partnered up. Though he does not fully understand the purpose of their work, Andy generally trusts Torchwood because of Gwen's involvement. In "Children of Earth", Andy even goes against government orders and at one point takes off his police uniform to aid Gwen. Eve Myles feels that Andy "gets his recognition" through his actions in the five part serial. Price was phoned by Gardner with details of his character's proposed in universe promotion to sergeant a year before it was confirmed that a fourth series would go ahead.
Reception.
"The Guardian"'s "Organ Grinder" reviewer attributes some of the most memorable lines of the premiere episode to those spoken by Andy, whilst Ben Rawson-Jones praises the external perspective which Andy brings to the Torchwood Institute's operations. Writer Stephen James Walker opines that Andy maintains the shows link to reality equally as well as Gwen's partner Rhys, describing Price as "a thoroughly likeable and engaging performer with a great lightness of touch, and someone that the viewer is very happy to see more of". For Walker, Andy's "naive hope" of a position in Torchwood makes him particularly endearing. After the broadcast of the episode "Exit Wounds", both Airlock Alpha's Alan Stanley Blair and AfterElton's Steven Frank commented favourably on the humorous Rhys/Andy dynamic, each stating that the two could carry their own spin-off. In a review of "Children of Earth", Blair subsequently describes Andy as "a light hearted joy in such dark times". whilst Comic Book Resources reviewer Remy Minnick singles Price out as the surprise performance from the cast, describing his scenes in the final episode as ones "that will bring tears to some eyes".
Andy's appearances in the series have led to him being described as a "fan favourite" by TV Squad's Catherine Lawson. This description of the character was picked up in Heather Hogan's parody recaps of the fourth series in which she has the characters of Andy, Gwen and Rhys draw attention to Andy's fan favourite status in regards to his ongoing characterisation. Morgan Jeffrey, in his recaps for Digital Spy, expressed delight at the reappearance of Andy, whom he later terms the "loveable sergeant". Jeffrey felt the character to be "heroic" in "Immortal Sins" and states that his leading the armed response rescue of Gwen's family was the best thing about the episodes denouement. Blair Marnell, reviewing for CraveOnline felt that Andy's betrayal of Gwen in the premier episode did not have the impact it should have had due to the character's minimal role. However, Marnell felt that Andy's comforting of the young dying girl in the episode's conclusion provided "the most human moment" of the finalé and that this served as "a huge indictment against the rest of the characters".

</doc>
<doc id="20553891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553891" title="Punta Mariato">
Punta Mariato

Punta Mariato or Mariato Point (Spanish "Punta Mariato") is a cape in western Panama and is the southernmost point on the mainland of North America and is one of the Extreme points of Earth.
Geography.
Punta Mariato is situated in the southern part of the Veraguas Province in central Panama. The coordinates are .
The cape is located on the southwestern tip of the Azuero Peninsula directly on the Pacific Ocean about 15 km south of Arenas and about 70 km west of Tonosi and roughly 350 km southwest of Panama City.
Punta Mariato is uninhabited and covered by mangrove and rainforest and is part of the 33 400 hectare (8255 acres) large nature reserve "Parque nacional Cerro Hoya" (Cerro Hoya national park). The reserve which extends into neighbouring Los Santos Province is classified as a biosphere reserve by UNESCO.
The area is hard to reach as there are few roads but the waters around the cape are popular for surfing and recreational fishing.
Punta Mariato is part of "Distrito de Mariato" (Mariato District).
History.
Parque nacional Cerro Hoya was established on October 2, 1984 and is home of most of the remaining jungle habitat in the Azuero region and is also habitat for a number of endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="20553894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553894" title="Wind Across the Everglades">
Wind Across the Everglades

Wind Across the Everglades is a 1958 film directed by Nicholas Ray. Ray was fired from the film before production was finished, and several scenes were completed by screenwriter Budd Schulberg, who also supervised the editing.
The film features Christopher Plummer in his first lead role (and his second film role overall) and, in a minor role, Peter Falk in his film debut. Former stripper Gypsy Rose Lee and circus clown Emmett Kelly also are among those in an unusual cast.
It was filmed on location in Everglades National Park in Technicolor.
Plot synopsis.
Set in the early 20th century, the film follows a game warden (Christopher Plummer) who arrives in Florida in the hopes of enforcing conservation laws. He soon finds himself pitted against Cottonmouth (Burl Ives), the leader of a fierce group of bird poachers. The film was loosely based upon the life and death of Guy Bradley, an early game warden who in 1905 was shot and killed by plume hunters in the Everglades.
Critical reputation.
Due to Ray's having been fired from the production before the film was completed, "Wind Across the Everglades" holds a contentious place in film scholarship. In a short review of the film, critic Jonathan Rosenbaum described it as "a kind of litmus test for auteurists". After citing the film's editorial history, Rosenbaum goes on to say that "Ray's masterful use of color and mystical sense of equality between the antagonists (also evident in "Rebel Without a Cause" and "Bitter Victory") are made all the more piquant here by his feeling for folklore and outlaw ethics as well as his cadenced "mise en scene"."

</doc>
<doc id="20553905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553905" title="Šmarca">
Šmarca

Šmarca () is a settlement just south of Kamnik, on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The settlement was first mentioned in documents dating to 1359. The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Maurice.

</doc>
<doc id="20553907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553907" title="Settle the Score">
Settle the Score

"Settle The Score" is an EP released by San Diego-based pop-punk band Fight Fair. The EP was released on November 18, 2008. It was available for pre-order on both SmartPunk and InterPunk.

</doc>
<doc id="20553913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553913" title="Kortepohja">
Kortepohja

Kortepohja is a district and a student village in Jyväskylä, Finland. It is located at around from the city centre on the Western side of Lake Tuomiojärvi.
Laajavuori Ski Resort and a small neighbourhood of Haukkala are both located on the district. Majority of 6700 people living in the district are inhabitants of the Kortepohja student village. A Child Psychiatric Institute is located in Haukkala.
Kortepohja student village.
The construction of the student village began in the 1960s to solve the issue of finding apartments for students of the Jyväskylä Educational College, the predecessor of the University of Jyväskylä. It is owned by the Student Union of the University of Jyväskylä. Approximately 1900 students live in the village. All rooms in Kortepohja are rented unfurnished but basic furniture is available in the storage rooms. Laundry facilities, saunas and meeting rooms are available in the buildings.
Laajavuori Ski Resort.
Laajavuori Ski Resort has 12 slopes and 6 lifts for alpine skiing. The longest slope is 915 meters with 106 meters top vertical. The resort hosts FIS ski slopestyle world cup competitions. Laajavuori forests host 62 kilometres cross country skiing tracks with four lean-tos.

</doc>
<doc id="20553945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553945" title="Hugues Ngouelondélé">
Hugues Ngouelondélé

Hugues Ngouelondélé is a Congolese politician. He has been a Deputy in the National Assembly of Congo-Brazzaville since 2002 and has concurrently served as Mayor of Brazzaville since 2003.
Political career.
Ngouelondélé is a son of General Emmanuel Ngouelondélé, who was a leading figure in the regime of President Denis Sassou Nguesso prior to 1992. Hugues Ngouelondélé graduated from the Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville with a degree in law in 1983 and subsequently studied in Algeria, France, and Belgium. He worked in the customs administration and represented Congo-Brazzaville at the World Customs Organization in March 1999.
In the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate in the second constituency of Moungali, located in Brazzaville; he won the seat in a second round of voting. In June 2002, he was elected as a municipal councillor in Brazzaville at the head of an independent candidate list in Moungali. He then became Mayor of Brazzaville in February 2003, succeeding Benoît Moundélé-Ngollo.
In the June 2007 parliamentary election, Ngouelondélé was again elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate in Moungali II constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 50.20% of the vote. Following the 29 June 2008 local elections, Ngouelondélé was re-elected as Mayor of Brazzaville by the city council on 30 July 2008. Nicéphore de Saint Eudes Fylla unsuccessfully challenged him for the position.
Although his father became a determined opponent of Sassou Nguesso during the multi-party era, Ngouelondélé has remained loyal to Sassou Nguesso. He married Ninelle Nguesso, a daughter of Sassou Nguesso, while his sister Michèle married Sassou Nguesso's nephew Edgar.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Ngouelondélé was a candidate in Gamboma—a constituency located in Plateaux Department, rather than Brazzaville—where he faced an opposition leader, Mathias Dzon. Standing as the candidate of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in Gamboma I constituency, Ngouelondélé was elected in the first round with 54.88% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20553949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553949" title="Uncial 0282">
Uncial 0282

Uncial 0282 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Philippians 2:24-27; 3:6-8, on 1 parchment leaf (). The text is written in two columns per page, 27 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The leaf survived in a fragmentary condition. It is a palimpsest.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery, Sinai in May 1975, during restoration work. Currently the codex is housed at the monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 29a). 

</doc>
<doc id="20553957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20553957" title="Mike Turian">
Mike Turian

Michael Turian is a successful professional player of . He won New York with "Team Potato Nation". Turian also won two . In 2008 Mike Turian was voted in the . He was inducted during the in Memphis.
Career.
Mike Turian qualified for (PT) Chicago 1997 at a PTQ in Akron, Ohio. He finished 27th at PT Chicago, winning money and automatically qualifying for the next PT in Mainz. An 11th place at Mainz was followed by several Pro Tour "money finishes" (Top 64 at the time). Eventually he won Pro Tour New York 2000 with teammates Gary Wise and Scott Johns. A 5th place at the in Toronto in the season followed.
The next season started off well with a win Grand Prix Montreal 2001, but other than that some less successful seasons followed for Turian. Eventually the 2003–04 season became his most successful with final day appearance at PT Boston, Amsterdam, and San Diego. He also managed to win another Grand Prix at Columbus.
He left the Pro Tour in 2004, to take a job as developer at Wizards of the Coast.
Accomplishments.
Other accomplishments:

</doc>
<doc id="20554004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554004" title="Per Kværne">
Per Kværne

Per Kværne (born 1 April 1945) is a prominent Norwegian tibetologist and historian of religion.
Per Kværne was born in Oslo. In 1970 he received the mag.art. degree in Sanskrit at the University of Oslo. From 1970 to 1975 he worked as a lecturer in the history of religion at the University of Bergen. In 1973 he received the dr.philos. degree from the University of Oslo with his thesis "An Anthology of Buddhist Tantric Songs". From 1975 to 2007 he was professor of the history of religion at the University of Oslo, and he is now a professor emeritus.
In 1976 he became an elected member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. From 1992 he served as chairmain of the board of the Institute for Comparative Research in Human Culture, Oslo. He published a series of books on religious history, mainly on Bön and Buddhism. He is widely acknowledged as one of the world's experts on the Tibetan Bön religion alongside with Samten G. Karmay and Dan Martin. 
In recent years he also published on art history, including the "Singing Songs of the Scottish Heart. William McTaggart 1835-1910".
Kværne became a Catholic on June 15, 1998. From 2006 to 2008 he was a member of the
Academic Study Group of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oslo. From April 2007 to May 2008 he served as dean of Study at the St. Eystein Priest Seminar. Starting in the autumn of 2008 he is a student priest of the Catholic Diocese of Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20554022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554022" title="Rob Piercy">
Rob Piercy

Rob Piercy is an artist and painter (born 1946). Born in Porthmadog, he was also an art teacher at Ysgol Eifionydd, Porthmadog for 15 years, before leaving to concentrate on painting in 1989. He has his own gallery in Porthmadog, which he established in 1986. His main subjects for his works are landscapes and beaches in his local area, especially the landscape of Snowdonia. An experienced mountaineer, he is a member of the Alpine Club of Great Britain.
He is a member of the Royal Cambrian Academy of Art and the Watercolour Society of Wales. 
He was shortlisted for the "Garrick/Milne Prize" in 2000. Piercy won the "Welsh Artist of the Year" award in 2002 with a non-landscape painting called "Y Dawnswyr (The Dancers)", inspired by his son Robin's school drama group.
In 2006 Piercy was featured in an episode of the Welsh language television series, "Byd o Liw".

</doc>
<doc id="20554033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554033" title="Lambley, Northumberland">
Lambley, Northumberland

Lambley, formerly known as Harper Town,
is a village in Northumberland, England about southwest of Haltwhistle.The village lies adjacent to the River South Tyne. The place name Lambley refers to the "pasture of lambs".
Lambley used to be the site of a small convent of Benedictine Nuns, founded by Adam de Tindale and Heloise, his wife, in the 12th century. The Scots led by William Wallace devastated it in 1296 name=Rowland/> gives 1297. However it was restored and at the time of the suppression of religious houses by Henry VIII contained six inmates. Nothing now remains but the bell from the nunnery which hangs in the church.
The village lies in the Midgeholme Coalfield and there are reserves of good quality coal remaining. 
Governance.
Lambley is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham. Lambley is part of the Coanwood Parish Council area.
Geography.
Coal mining. The area has previously been noted for coal mining based at Lambley Colliery. Coal reserves still exist in the area as part of the Midgeholme Coalfield. In 1990 an application was submitted to the County Council to open cast work 33 hectares of land (81.5 acres) by R and A Young Mining Ltd., Leadgate, Consett.The application noted the high quality coal to be mined (low ash and low sulphur content and high calorific value). Although this plan did not go ahead, a recent plan to open cast mine at Halton Lea Gate, a village one mile to the west of Lambley, has opened up the possibility of mining returning to the village. The Halton Lea Gate plan was approved by the government planning inspector in 2012. An amended plan was approved by Northumberland County Council in January 2014. 
On 8th January 2005 the River South Tyne flooded.
Landmarks.
Lambley viaduct.
Lambley viaduct crosses the River South Tyne as a series of elegant stone arches. More than 260m long, it once carried the Haltwhistle to Alston railway. The railway opened in 1852 to haul coal and lead from the Alston mines, was closed in 1976, and the viaduct allowed to decay. In 1991 the British Rail Property Board agreed to repair the viaduct and hand it over to the North Pennine Heritage Trust who would maintain it in the future.
The viaduct may have been designed by George Barclay Bruce, an eminent Victorian engineer who was involved in the Alston line before leaving for India to pioneer railway construction there. It is a particularly elegant example of Victorian engineering: the river is crossed by nine wide arches which support a deck above the river but, as it carried a single rail track, only wide. The piers to the arches are built of massive rough-faced stones each weighing up to , with similar-sized stones in ashlar to the main arch voussoirs. The spandrels and piers to the wide approach arches are built of coursed rubble masonry. One end of the viaduct has been fenced off to stop people straying into Lambley railway station which is now a private house.
War Memorial.
The War Memorial, which is a cross about in height, is located in the churchyard of the parish church of St. Mary and St. Patrick. The village of Hartleyburn joined with Lambley in erecting the memorial which was unveiled by Colonel Sir Thomas Oliver on Saturday 21 February 1920. The inscriptions and names on the War Memorial have been transcribed and published by the North East War Memorials Project.
Those who gave their lives in The Great War were:
"Wilson Glenwright, William E. Marshall, William Riddell," and "Philip E. Bell. "
Transport.
Lambley was served by Lambley railway station on the Alston Line from Haltwhistle to Alston. The line opened in 1852 and closed in 1976.
Since 1983 a narrow gauge railway has opened on part of the original track bed. The railway, known as the South Tynedale Railway, is a 2-foot (0.61 m) gauge line and runs 3.5 miles (4.0 km) from Alston to Lintley and includes a viaduct or 2 over the River South Tyne. Efforts are being made to extend the line into Slaggyford. Subject to funding coming into place in September 2013 work should start on the one and a quarter mile extension from Lintley towards the end of the year. The South Tynedale Railway Preservation Society plans to reopen the entire branch line from Haltwhistle to Alston.
Lambley was also served by a line west to Brampton which closed in the 1950s. This line, sometimes referred to as Lord Carlisle's line, served Lambley colliery and other coal mining areas.
Religious sites.
The parish church of Lambley is in the area called Harper's Town, which suffered badly at the hands of the Scots. Hodgson found the church a very humble edifice, measuring . The pews and furniture were very rough carpentry, but it was used and had a Sunday School. It was rebuilt in 1885 to the designs of W. S. Hicks, and dedicated to St. Mary and St. Patrick. It has a chancel with fine stone vaulting, and three lancets in the east window with stained glass showing the Magi, the Crucifixion and the Resurrection. Painted panels by the altar show St. Kentigern, St. Cuthbert, St. Aidan and St. Ninian, all travelling saints. The bell in the bell cote came from the ruined nunnery. The church bell, cast in America, is one of the only two foreign bells in the diocese of Newcastle: the other is at Eglingham.
The Lambley and Hartleyburn War Memorial is located in the churchyard. Lambley Parish Church falls within the Team Parish of Alston within the Diocese of Newcastle.

</doc>
<doc id="20554060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554060" title="Rachael Maza Long">
Rachael Maza Long

Rachael Maza Long (also known as Rachael Maza) is an Australian actress, narrator and director. She is a Torres Strait Islander.
Maza Long has acted in film Radiance, on stage in The Sapphires and worked as a TV presenter on ABC's Message Stick and SBS's ICAM. She is currently working as part of The Black Arm Band and as the director of Lou Bennett's play Show Us Your Tiddas!.
She is the daughter of Bob Maza, also an actor. Both father and daughter had roles in the Australian TV series "Heartland".
Maza has a son, Ariel, with partner and actor Tom Long.

</doc>
<doc id="20554065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554065" title="Strategic Choice Theory">
Strategic Choice Theory

In organizational theory, a topic in sociology, Strategic Choice Theory describes the role that leaders or leading groups play in influencing an organization through making choices in a dynamic political process. Previous to this theory, a common view was that organizations were thought to be designed along operational requirements based on the external environment. Strategic choice theory provided an alternative that emphasized the agency of individuals and groups within organizations to make choices, sometimes serving their own ends, that dynamically influenced the development of those organizations. These strategic choices formed part of an organizational learning process that adapted to the external environment as well as the internal political situation.

</doc>
<doc id="20554090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554090" title="Show Us Your Tiddas!">
Show Us Your Tiddas!

Show Us Your Tiddas! is a play written and performed by Lou Bennett and directed by Rachael Maza.
"Show Us Your Tiddas!" shares its name with the last album by Bennett's band Tiddas. It is an autobiographical work that follows Bennetts life, telling stories such as her coming out to her family, her first live performance, moving to the city and her time with Tiddas.
Bennett's performance is backed by members of her current band Sweet Cheeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20554092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554092" title="Gentile da Foligno">
Gentile da Foligno

Gentile Gentili da Foligno (died 18 June 1348) was an Italian professor and doctor of medicine, trained at Padua and the University of Bologna, and teaching probably first at Bologna, then at the University of Perugia, Siena (1322-24), where his annual stipend was 60 gold florins; he was called to Padua (1325-35) by Ubertino I da Carrara, Lord of Padua, then returned to Perugia for the remainder of his career. He was the first European physician to perform a dissection on a human being (1341), a practice long outlawed by the Christian Church as it compromised the completeness of the body awaiting Resurrection. Gentile wrote several widely copied and read texts and commentaries, notably his massive commentary covering all five books of the "Canon of Medicine" by the 11th-century Persian polymath Avicenna, the comprehensive encyclopedia that, in Latin translation, was fundamental to medieval medicine. Long after his death, Gentile da Foligno was remembered in the Nuremberg Chronicle (1493) as "Subtilissimus rimator verborum Avicenne", "that most subtle investigator of Avicenna's teachings"
Other works by Gentile were "De complexione, proportione et dosi medicinarum;" "Consilium de temporibus partus;" "De statu hominum"; "De lepra"; "De febribus"; "De balneis"; "De divisione librorum Galeni"; "Tractatus de reductione medicinarum"; "Regimen preservativum"; Among these the "Consilium", a compilation of therapeutic advice for many diseases. He made commentaries on two works, "Carmina de urinarum iudiciis" ("Songs of urinary judgements") part of a metrical work, the "Carmina medica", that had been composed by Egidius Corbaliensis, and Egidius' "De pulsibus" ("About pulses").
A mark of the respect in which Gentile's work continued to be held, more than a century after his death, was the rapidity with which they appeared in print, from the Italian presses, beginning in the 1470s. 
Gentile's commentary "de urinarum iudiciis" makes a first attempt to comprehend the physiology of urine formation; aided by his dissection of cadavers, Gentile asserted that urine associated with the blood passes "per poros euritides" ("through the porous tubules") of the kidney and is then delivered to the bladder. Commenting on "De pulsibus", he connected the relationship between fast pulse rate and urine output and correlated the color of urine with the condition of the heart. For the originality of his thought Mario Timio suggested that Gentile could be indicated as the 'first' cardionephrologist in the history of medicine.
He prepared a widely read treatise on the Black Death, recommending theriac among other prophylaxis, but died of the plague himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20554101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554101" title="Marina Orlova (Internet celebrity)">
Marina Orlova (Internet celebrity)

Marina Vladimirovna Orlova () (born December 10, 1980) is a Russian Internet celebrity who describes herself as a philologist. She is the host of a popular channel on YouTube, "HotForWords" and a corresponding website. In the early 2000s, she was a bi-weekly guest on Maxim Radio on Sirius Satellite Radio. In 2012 she started an online series of videos for a personal finance website Bankrate.com where she explains the meaning of commonly used financial and economic terms.
Early life and education.
Orlova was born in Arzamas (Nizhny Novgorod Oblast) Russian SFSR, Soviet Union in 1980. She worked at a shop for a year before applying to an international recruitment program. She wanted to do something creative, or improve her English skills and to prepare for her Ph.D; she was then sent to a small town near San Francisco and worked as a nanny for a working family with two children. A year later she moved to Hollywood, where she attempted to start a career in modelling. After going to two photoshoots, she was told that at , she was too short.
She has two degrees in philology and taught English and world literature to high school students in Moscow before moving to the United States to pursue further education.
Orlova rents an apartment in Beverly Hills. She has said that her work takes up all of her time, and that she sometimes sits at the computer 12 to 14 hours at a time and has little time left for socializing.
"Hot for Words" website.
The Hot for Words trademark was registered in February 2007 by Charles T. Como, a creator of internet sites for music bands. The first video posted was "Intro to Philology ;-)" on March 7 2007.
The theme of Orlova's website and YouTube videos, which begin with the tagline "Intelligence is Sexy," is tracing the origins of English words. Some of her entries focus on everyday words such as "irony" and "OK," while others address lengthy and rarely used words such as "floccinaucinihilipilification" and "antidisestablishmentarianism." Some entries also address idioms, including "let the cat out of the bag," "dressed to the nines," and "three sheets to the wind," or new words like the verb "to google."
The channel became active in February 2007, at a time when, Orlova said, "everybody was uploading cleavage." Orlova has since been voted "World's #1 Sexiest Geek" in "Wired" Magazine's "Sexy Geek of the Year Contest". G4 TV has listed Orlova among its "Hot Women of the Net" on several occasions, and "Cosmopolitan Magazine" has identified her as the "most subscribed to YouTube guru." Orlova appeared on the cover of the November 2009 issue of the wine, beer and spirits publication "Mutineer Magazine", applying her trademark word explanations to common beverage words. Orlova has appeared on a number of Fox shows including on The O'Reilly Factor, and was profiled on "The Medium," an Internet feature of "The New York Times Magazine". In June 2008, Orlova and radio personality Danny Bonaduce signed endorsement contracts with coComment.
The "Moscow Times" said "Marina exploits her blonde-bombshell looks to the maximum: She appears in her two-minute clips scantily clad, pouting and making doe eyes. This is surely the main factor in her success. However, while the number of scantily clad girls on the Internet is limitless, not all of them put so much intellectual effort into their success."
In an interview, Orlova explained how she got viewers interested in words: "How else could I attract them to words?" "Everyone knows that sex sells."
In spring of 2010 Marina started doing video lessons of Russian for RT (TV network) and in the fall of the same year, she was hired to be the spokeswoman for AnastasiaDate, an online dating website.

</doc>
<doc id="20554105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554105" title="Sonu (actress)">
Sonu (actress)

Sonu (Kannada:ಸೋನು) or Sruthi Ramakrishnan is an Indian film actress. She made her debut in the Kannada film "Inthi Ninna Preethiya" and appeared in films including "Paramesha Panwala" and "Gulama". She has also starred in a few Tamil films.
Personal life.
Sonu was born to Ramakrishnan, a make-up artist who has worked in the Kannada film industry. She has a sister Neha Gowda, who is a television actress known for her roles in the series "Swathi Chinukulu" and "Lakshmi Baramma". Sonu studied at the Carmel High School, Basaveshwaranagar, Bangalore.
She married her boyfriend Manojkumar, who was a friend of her co-star Srinagar Kitty of her first film "Inthi Ninna Preethiya", on 1 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20554116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554116" title="O Heraldo">
O Heraldo

O Heraldo is a daily newspaper in the Indian state of Goa.
History.
"O Heraldo" was established as the first Portuguese newspaper on 22 January 1900 by Prof. Messias Gomes and Luís de Menezes Bragança in Goa. It was later transformed into an English daily in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20554120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554120" title="Lou Bennett (musician)">
Lou Bennett (musician)

Lou Bennett is an Indigenous Australian musician and actor.
Early life.
Bennett is a Yorta Yorta/Dja Dja Wurrung woman from Echuca, Victoria, Australia.
Career.
Bennett started her musical career with her uncle's band "The Shades", before later joining Richard Frankland's band "Djaambi", where she met Sally Dastey and Amy Saunders—Bennett, Dastey and Saunders later formed the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Award-winning band "Tiddas".
After Tiddas disbanded in 2000, Bennett performed with a new band called "Sweet Cheeks" and has worked as a stage actor—the latter has included an autobiographical show "Show Us Your Tiddas!". "Show Us Your Tiddas!" follows Bennett's life as she recounts a series of stories that include the occasion when she revealed her sexuality to her family, her first live performance, moving into an urban environment and her time with Tiddas.
Bennett is a member of The Black Arm Band, a project that she is an artistic director, composer, vocal supervisor and performer for. Bennett also contributed vocals to the 2012 Australian film "The Sapphires", following her involvement with the 2004 Melbourne stage production.

</doc>
<doc id="20554131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554131" title="Gardens of the Night">
Gardens of the Night

Gardens of the Night is a 2008 drama film, starring Gillian Jacobs, John Malkovich, Ryan Simpkins and Tom Arnold; and directed and written by Damian Harris.
Plot.
At the age of eight, a young girl named Leslie (Ryan Simpkins) is kidnapped by Alex (Tom Arnold) and Frank (Kevin Zegers). Alex tricks her into helping him find his dog Trixie, then takes her to school; during the ride, he pretends that her father is his boss, thus earning her trust. After school, Alex and Frank find her again; they lure her into their car with a story about her dad being in trouble. Then they drug her and take her to their house. Alex tells her that her parents do not want her anymore. As proof, he provides a phone number to her "father's cell phone" which is in reality a pay phone. After several unanswered calls, she eventually accepts his story.
She and another victim, a young boy named Donny (Evan Ross) are forced into prostitution and child pornography. Alex is very protective and fatherly to them, which adds to her confusion. Their clientele include men in positions of authority, such as a court judge, and they are told that they are lucky to be with such good and honorable men. As a coping mechanism, Donny and Leslie pretend they are in an imaginary world based on the stories of Mowgli and the Jungle Book. One day, Leslie goes to a convenience store, where it becomes apparent that her parents are looking for her, because her picture is on milk cartons. Leslie doesn't see the cartons, thus preserving her notion that her parents don't want her. While Alex is paying for ice cream, the store owner's wife recognizes her as missing and calls the police. When the police show up at Alex and Frank's house, the two kidnappers hastily escape with the children.
The story picks up years later, with Leslie (Gillian Jacobs) and Donny (Evan Ross) together, living a hand to mouth existence. Leslie is prostituting herself, and as a way to move away from this, she tries to lure a young teen living in a shelter into a prostitution ring. Donny has fallen in love with her, but Leslie is very confused because while she loves and cares for him, he has always acted as a brother and companion to her, and never as a lover. She goes to the shelter in an attempt to win the girl's trust and turn her out as a prostitute, but at the last minute she has a change of heart and returns the girl to the shelter. The counselor (John Malkovich) discovers her true identity and tells her that her parents have been looking for her all these years, which she finally realizes is true.
Leslie reunites with her parents and attempts to return home. However, she is too scarred from her life on the street and cannot remain in such a normal atmosphere. She leaves in the middle of the night and hitchhikes to Florida, hoping to re-unite with Donny.
Reception.
Commercial.
The film was first screened at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 2008, where it was nominated for, but did not win the Golden Bear Award.
The film was then released in the UK and France in October 2008, and in November 2008 was given limited release in New York City. As of December, it has not yet had a nationwide release in the United States.
Critical.
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 58% as of December 2008. With 12 reviews counted, seven are "Fresh", or positive, and five are "Rotten" or negative.
A review in "The New York Times" states, "Recovery time is recommended after seeing "Gardens of the Night", a harrowing, obliquely told story of kidnapping and forced child prostitution that conjures a world entirely populated by predators and prey."
A review in the "New York Observer" calls the film "another newfangled kind of horror movie", going on to say, "It is hard to watch, but worth every sobering moment because of the things you learn about one of life’s most grueling subjects."
Tom Arnold's performance was praised by many critics including Leslie Felperin of "Variety" who said "Tom Arnold steals the show".
Awards.
"Gardens of the Night" won the International Critics Jury award at the 2008 Deauville Festival of American Film.
He also won the "Coup de Coeur" of the International Competition and the CinéFemme Award in Mons's International Love Film Festival
The film won the 2008 Audience Award at the Lyon Film festival (Lyfe/ Hors-Ecran).
Prism Awards: Nominated: Best Feature Film (Mental Health)

</doc>
<doc id="20554138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554138" title="René van Zuuk">
René van Zuuk

René van Zuuk (3 September 1962, Doesburg) is a Dutch architect.
René van Zuuk studied building production technology at the Technische Universiteit Eindhoven, where he graduated in 1988. Directly after receiving his engineering diploma, he started working at the office of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill in London and Chicago (1988–1989). In 1989 he won the competition “Ongewoon wonen II” (Unusual living II) in Almere, with the design for his own house “Psyche”. After realising the project in 1993, René van Zuuk started his own architectural office in Almere.
In 2002 van Zuuk was shortlisted for the Netherlands Architecture Institute award for the best building by a young Dutch architect.
In the past sixteen years, his office, René van Zuuk Architekten bv, has created a portfolio with a large variety of designs. Underlying in all the designs is the continuous search for methods to create a building as interesting as possible, with minimised costs. René van Zuuk's aim is to unite a maximised degree of ‘particularity’ of the final product with simplicity in manufacturing.
The main principles behind the designs can be place in three categories, structure, production technology and construction.
The Arcam building is a direct result from transforming blob architecture into well thought-out architecture that is based on production methods. De Verbeelding is derived from construction methods used by the first farmers on the new lands of Flevoland. Block 16 is a result of playing with Dutch construction principles.

</doc>
<doc id="20554159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554159" title="Transpac (cable system)">
Transpac (cable system)

TRANSPAC or Trans-pacific cable (TPC) is a series of undersea cables under the Pacific Ocean.
Transpac 1.
TRANSPAC-1 (TPC-1) was opened in 1964. It connected Hawaii, Guam, Japan, The Philippines, Hong Kong and Vietnam. It had a capacity of 142 channels. TRANSPAC-1 was part of the network that supported the Apollo 11 moon landing mission in 1969.
Transpac 2.
In 1975, Transpac-2 (TPC-2) connected Guam, Taiwan, Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore with 845 channels.
Transpac 3.
Transpac 3 (TPC-3), which went into service April 18, 1989, increased capacity to 3780 channels.
TPC-5CN.
The TPC-5CN cable network is a 25,000 km fiberoptic ring, carrying 5 Gbit/s in each channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20554185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554185" title="Trebelno pri Palovčah">
Trebelno pri Palovčah

Trebelno pri Palovčah is a small settlement, little more than a group of three dispersed farmsteads, in the hills east of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Trebelno" to "Trebelno pri Palovčah" in 1952. 

</doc>
<doc id="20554198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554198" title="Puerta de Bisagra">
Puerta de Bisagra

The Puerta de Bisagra (originally Bab al-Saqra, also called 'Puerta de Alfonso VI') is a city gate of Toledo, Spain, built in the 10th century, in the time of the taifa of Toledo. It is also called 'Bisagra Antigua' to distinguish it from the "Puerta de Bisagra Nueva" which was built in 1559. The gate was the main entrance to the city and dates from the Andalusian period. 

</doc>
<doc id="20554201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554201" title="Plumeria (Lao Royal Residence)">
Plumeria (Lao Royal Residence)

Plumeria was a former royal residence of Princess Khampieng and Prince Khamtan, a grandson of the 19th Century, King Zakarine, in the city of Luang Prabang, Laos. It was Khampieng’s mother, Princess Vanthatmaly who built the 33-room boutique property, which is anchored by the 1938-built residence. In this house, the royal couple raised their four children while Khamtan served as prefect of the provinces of Vientiane, Luang Prabang and Sainyabuli. He died in a plane crash; his wife lived in the house until her death.
In 2001, the house was converted into a hotel.

</doc>
