<doc id="20570407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570407" title="Megamind">
Megamind

Megamind is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated superhero action comedy film directed by Tom McGrath. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film premiered on October 28, 2010 in Russia, while it was released in the United States in Digital 3D, IMAX 3D and 2D on November 5, 2010. It features the voices of Will Ferrell, Tina Fey, Jonah Hill, David Cross, and Brad Pitt.
The film tells the story of a super-intelligent alien supervillain, Megamind, who after a long-lasting battle one day actually destroys his nemesis, the much-loved superhero Metro Man. Having the fictional Metro City for himself, Megamind finds out that his villainy has no purpose and thus creates a new superhero for him to fight. As his plan does not work and Metro City is spiraling out of control, Megamind attempts to set things right and discover his newfound purpose as a superhero.
"Megamind" received generally positive reviews from critics, praising its strong visuals, but criticizing its unoriginality. With a budget of $130 million, the film grossed over $321 million worldwide, and despite being a moderate box office success, it became one of the lowest grossing DreamWorks' CG animated films.
A short film, titled "", was released on February 25, 2011, on the "Megamind" DVD and Blu-ray.
Plot.
Megamind (Will Ferrell) is a super-intelligent alien and the supervillain of Metro City. He continually battles - and loses - against his nemesis, Metro Man (Brad Pitt), a rivalry that has extended since the two arrived on Earth as infants.
On the day of dedication of a museum in Metro Man's honor, Megamind escapes from jail, rejoins his sidekick Minion (David Cross), and kidnaps reporter Roxanne Ritchi (Tina Fey) to lure Metro Man into a copper-lined observatory. Inside, Metro Man weakens because copper drains his powers and is killed by a death ray that Megamind fires at the observatory from an orbiting satellite. Megamind revels in his victory, but this is short-lived as without a nemesis, his villainy has no purpose.
While saying good-bye to Metro Man's statue and attempting to destroy the Metro Man museum because it brings back too many painful memories, Megamind uses a holographic disguise of the curator, Bernard (Ben Stiller), after Roxanne hears his voice. She unwittingly gives him the idea of creating a serum containing Metro Man's DNA to inject in a worthy target, thus creating a new superhero for Megamind to fight. Later, as Megamind finishes the serum in his lair and locates a worthy target, Roxanne sneaks into the lair, and in the resulting chaos, Megamind injects the serum into Roxanne's dimwitted camera man, Hal (Jonah Hill). Megamind disguises himself as Hal's "space dad" to groom the new hero into shape to fight Megamind in a few days. Hal takes the superhero alias of "Tighten," a result of mishearing Megamind's suggestion of Titan. During this, Megamind, in the Bernard disguise, continues to see Roxanne and becomes close to her, unaware that Hal also has romantic feelings for her. Minion expresses discontent at Megamind's lack of villainy and they break their friendship when Minion finds out he has fallen for Roxanne.
On the night before the battle, while dining with Roxanne, and gaining their first kiss together, the holographic disguise fails revealing his identity, and Roxanne angrily rejects him in the rain upon finding out Megamind's true feelings towards her, dismissing the idea that they could ever be together. Furthermore, he loses track of his invisible car that has the anti-serum to restore Hal to normal. Heartbroken, he vows to fight Hal the next day, but Hal does not show up at the appointed time. Megamind finds a bitter and equally heart-broken Hal (who witnessed Roxanne and "Bernard" having dinner) having used his powers for ill-gotten gains. Megamind is horrified at this change and attempts to convince Hal to be a "hero" by revealing how he has manipulated Hal by revealing his space dad and Bernard disguises. Hal realizes he has been toyed with and battles Megamind. When defeated, Megamind is shocked to learn that Hal actually wants to kill him and tries to escape. Megamind attempts to capture Hal in a copper-lined trap, but it fails to weaken Hal, which confuses him, and the villain is forced to flee Metro City, while Hal begins to threaten the city with his powers.
Megamind meets with Roxanne who takes him to Metro Man's secret lair, which happens to be the schoolhouse both Megamind and Metro Man attended in their childhood, and the two are surprised to find Metro Man there. The former hero explains that on the fateful day, he had an epiphany and pretended to have a weakness for copper and be killed as to forgo the superhero career and become a musician. He refuses to help stop Hal. Roxanne tries to convince Megamind that he could be the hero, but Megamind has resigned himself to be the villain and turns himself in at prison. When Hal kidnaps Roxanne and threatens her life if Megamind does not fight him, Megamind has a change of heart and requests the warden to let him go, surprised to find the warden is Minion in disguise, having returned to help out.
Megamind rescues Roxanne, but is defeated after Metro Tower's pinnacle thrown by Hal pierces his chest. But Metro Man shows up and chases Hal away. While dying, Megamind reveals he is actually Minion in holographic disguise (and only his armor is destroyed) and Metro Man is actually Megamind. Tighten runs away, but upon realizing "Metro Man" said Metro City in Megamind's trademark way which sounds similar to monstrosity, comes back after Roxanne turned Megamind back to his original form. In the fray, Megamind discovers his misplaced invisible car. He grabs the Antidote and heroically defuses the serum out of Hal with it, reverting the Tighten to a normal man. Hal is taken away to jail while Roxanne convinces Metro City's citizens that Megamind chose to be their hero. Later, Megamind and Roxanne's relationship has become close, and the city welcomes Megamind as their new protector, while a disguised Metro Man, hidden in the crowd with his grown beard, quietly congratulates him.
During the credits, Minion washes Megamind's pants when Bernard (who was dehydrated by Megamind at the Metro Man museum) emerges from the washing machine and is knocked out by Minion.
Production.
The film was written by Alan J. Schoolcraft and Brent Simons. It was first titled "Master Mind", and then "Oobermind". Ben Stiller was originally cast as Megamind, and later Robert Downey, Jr., but Will Ferrell was ultimately given the role, due to "scheduling conflicts" for Downey. Lara Breay and Denise Nolan Cascino were the film's producers, and Ben Stiller and Stuart Cornfeld were the executive producers. Justin Theroux and Guillermo del Toro worked as creative consultants on the film. Del Toro only came onboard three weeks before the end of production, but went on to have a more substantial role in subsequent DreamWorks Animation films. The opening of the film, where Megamind is falling to his apparent death, was del Toro's idea.
Music.
Megamind: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack to the film of the same name, composed by Hans Zimmer and Lorne Balfe, and released on November 2, 2010 by Lakeshore Records.
Release.
"Megamind" premiered on October 28, 2010, in Russia, and was theatrically released in the United States on November 5, 2010. It was supposed to be released in Japan on March 12, 2011, but because of the earthquake and tsunami a day before, the Japanese release was cancelled.
Marketing.
"Megamind" was promoted at the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con International, with Tom McGrath, Tina Fey, Jonah Hill, and Will Ferell, who was dressed as Megamind.
Home media.
"Megamind" was released on both Blu-ray Disc and DVD on February 25, 2011, accompanied with an all new short titled "". "The Button of Doom" also had its television premiere on Nick, which was aired on February 26, 2011. It was the seventh best selling DVD of 2011 with over 3 million units sold and total sales of $43 million. 
The film was released on Blu-ray 3D in March 2011 exclusively as a part of Samsung 3D Starter Kits, and on September 11, 2011, exclusively at Best Buy stores.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Megamind" received positive reviews from most critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives a score 73% based on 172 reviews with an average rating of 6.7. The site's consensus states the film "regurgitates plot points from earlier animated efforts, and isn't quite as funny as it should be, but a top-shelf voice cast and strong visuals help make "Megamind" a pleasant, if unspectacular, diversion." Another review aggregator, Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, calculated an average score of 63 based on 33 reviews.
Audiences polled by Cinemascore gave "Megamind" a grade A-, on a scale from A+ to F-.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" awarded the film three out of four stars, stating "This set-up is bright and amusing, even if it does feel recycled from bits and pieces of such recent animated landmarks as "The Incredibles" with its superpowers and "Despicable Me" with its villain." Stephen Holden, of "The New York Times", positively wrote in his review, "Visually "Megamind" is immaculately sleek and gracefully enhanced by 3-D." "Entertainment Weekly" reviewer Owen Gleiberman graded the film a B+ and wrote, "...too goofy-surreal to pack a lot of emotional punch, but it's antically light on its feet, with 3-D images that have a lustrous, gizmo-mad sci-fi clarity." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" commented, "What this raucous 3D animated fun house lacks in originality (think bastard child of "The Incredibles" and "Despicable Me") it makes up for in visual and vocal wit." In a mixed review, Betsy Sharkey of "The Los Angeles Times" wrote, "Just as Megamind struggles to find his center, at times, so does the film."
The main point of criticism was the unoriginality of the film. Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" wrote: "You have seen all this before", while Justin Chang of Variety said: "Though enlivened by some moderately clever twists on the superhero-movie template, "Megamind" never shakes off a feeling of been-there-spoofed-that." Claudia Puig of USA Today even asked: "Do we really need "Megamind" when "Despicable Me" is around?".
Box office.
"Megamind" opened to $12,530,397 on opening day, and earned $46,016,833 over the three-day weekend, taking the No. 1 spot and averaged $11,668 from around 7,300 screens at 3,944 theaters. The opening was a bit higher than "How to Train Your Dragon", which earned $43.7 million back in March 2010. It was the fifth-highest opening for an animated feature in 2010. In its second weekend, it repeated at No. 1 and dropped 37% to $29,120,461 for a $7,374 average from 3,949 theaters, and bringing its 10-day cumulative total to $88,822,635. On its third weekend, it fell 45% to $16,012,831 and finished second to "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1", averaging $4,237 from 3,779 theaters. Over Thanksgiving weekend, it held well with just a 22% drop to $12,575,778 and slid to third place behind "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" and "Tangled" (it earned $17,304,307 over the five-day Thanksgiving period). Following Thanksgiving, the film fell a sharp 61% in its fifth weekend to $4,936,851 and finished in sixth place.
The film closed in theaters on February 24, 2011 (a day before it was released on DVD and Blu-ray), after grossing $148,415,853 in the U.S. and Canada as well as $321,885,765 worldwide. The final gross was on the low end for a DreamWorks Animation film, but was still a box office success since it beat its $130 million budget. It is the sixth highest-grossing animated film from 2010 worldwide, behind "Toy Story 3" ($1.063 billion), "Shrek Forever After" ($753 million), "Tangled" ($591 million), "Despicable Me" ($543 million), and "How to Train Your Dragon" ($495 million). The film also became the highest-grossing film worldwide in both Ferrell and Fey's careers. It was also the second highest-grossing superhero comedy film, behind "The Incredibles".
Video games.
Several video game tie-ins published by THQ were released on November 2, 2010 to coincide with the film's release. An Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 version is titled "Megamind: Ultimate Showdown", while the Wii version is titled "Megamind: Mega Team Unite" and the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS versions are both titled "Megamind: The Blue Defender". All three versions of the game have been rated E10+ for fantasy violence by the ESRB.
Comic books.
DreamWorks Animation and WildStorm produced a 32-page full color comic book titled "The Reign of Megamind", which was released in July 2010 exclusively at the Comic-Con convention. Full version of the comic is also available on the "Megamind" website.
Ape Entertainment released under Kizoic label five full colour comic books based on the film. A 52-page prequel titled "MEGAMIND: Reign of Megamind" was released in October 2010. It features two stories titled "The Reign of Megamind" and "MINION 2.0". The stories show Megamind and Minion's biggest failures in their attempt to defeat Metro Man. In 2010 and 2011 followed a mini series of four 32-page books. The comic book #1 features story titled "Can I Have This Dance", #2 features "Bad Minion! Bad!", #3 features "Megamutt" and #4 features "A Sidekick's Sidekick".
Sequel.
In April 2011, DreamWorks Animation's CEO, Jeffrey Katzenberg, commented that the studio did not have plans to produce future movie genre parodies like "Shark Tale", "Monsters vs. Aliens", and "Megamind", saying that these films "all shared an approach and tone and idea of parody, and did not travel well internationally. We don't have anything like that coming on our schedule now."

</doc>
<doc id="20570417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570417" title="Léon Hese">
Léon Hese

Léon Hese (born 10 March 1981 in Arnhem) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for SV Spakenburg. He previously played for De Graafschap, Helmond Sport, FC Eindhoven, PSV and SC Cambuur.
As of season 2009–2010 Hese moved to Dutch top first division club Cambuur.
Statistics.
Last update: December 6, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20570421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570421" title="Velocette MAC">
Velocette MAC

The Velocette MAC is a British motorcycle made by Velocette. A reliable single-cylinder, the MAC coped well with the low-grade post war petrol and was a popular commuter and touring motorcycle. Although they started as innovators, Velocette failed to keep pace with developing technology and production ended in 1959.
Before World War II.
The first version of the Velocette MAC was launched in 1933 and was developed from the overhead valve Velocette MOV 250cc, which suffereed from reliability problems. The single-cylinder engine was enlarged 349 cc and could comfortably reach . The early MAC weighed and had "girder" front forks. The Velocette MAC was launched in 1933 and had a 350 cc single-cylinder engine which could reach . 
Wartime models.
MAC (WD).
In October 1939 a Velocette MAC was purchased by the British War Office Army Mechanisation Experimental Establishment (MEE) at Cove in Hampshire for testing its suitability for military use. As well as British observers there were also representatives of the French Army present. The tests were successful but a number of modifications were suggested and in 1940 the Velocette MAC was modified into a military specification. Velocette's first order for the military version was from the French Government but the contract for 1,200 motorcycles was cancelled and only a few were delivered before the French were overrun by the advancing German Army. The British War Department asked for some further modifications and took over the French order in June 1940. The Velocette was designated the MAC (WD), the WD coming from "War Department", although it was often referred to as the MDD as this was the prefix for the serial numbers.
The MAC (WD) had an upgraded clutch and the pressed-steel front brake drum was replaced by cast iron fittings which became standard for the later MAC models, due to the shortage of aluminium which was needed for aircraft manufacture. Other modifications included a protective shield bolted to the frame over the crankcase. A strong carrying rack replaced the rear pillion seat and the headlamp was masked to comply with blackout regulations.
The MDD could cope well with battlefield conditions, but Velocette's limited production facilities meant it was a difficult to keep up production and by September 1942 the MDD order was cancelled and the factory turned over to other War work. As there were a fairly small number in service both the Velocette MAC (WD) and the improved MAF were largely used by British-based forces, including the Fire Service and Civil Defence organisations, as well as the Royal Air Force.
The 'missing' WDs.
A myth persists that a large consignment of Velocette MAC (WD) intended for use in France was lost in the English Channel while being delivered. An order for 200 MAC (WD)'s was placed in July 1940 for delivery to the Central Ordnance Department at Chilwell but the order was never fulfilled, probably due to lack of capacity at the Velocette factory.
When MAC (WD)'s were returned to civilian use after the war they often had the MDD engine and serial numbers ground off and replaced with later numbers, reinforcing the idea that they had been mysteriously lost without trace.
MAF.
The Velocette MAF had the foot gear change mechanism reversed to make it the same as the other military motorcycles in use at the time. An order for 2,000 was placed in June 1941 but problems with Velocette's supplies and the limited production facilities meant that it was a difficult order to fulfil. By September 1942 they had only delivered 947 motorcycles and the order was cancelled.
Post war.
MAC production restarted after the war. In 1948 the MAC's girder forks were replaced with innovative air-sprung Dowty Oleomatic forks. In 1951 these were upgraded to Veloce 'tele forks' which were devleoped for the Velocette LE. These had coil springs with damping. In the same year the engine was upgraded to an alloy barrel and head with wider fins to improve cooling. For the 1953 the MAC was updated with fully adjustable rear suspension, swinging arm and a tube frame. The clutch and gearbox were also greatly improved. From 1954 the MAC was sold as a sidecar machine to try to broaden the appeal but production was halted by 1960. The company had invested £50,000 developing the Velocette Viceroy scooter and, despite continued sales of the singles, Velocette became insolvent.
Media apprearances.
A Velocette MAC motorcycle appeared in the 2006 film The History Boys, ridden (and crashed) by the elderly teacher, Hector, played by Richard Griffiths.

</doc>
<doc id="20570426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570426" title="Shree ranjani">
Shree ranjani

Shree ranjani is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is a hexatonic scale ("shadava" rāgam, which means "of 6"). It is a derived scale ("janya" rāgam), as it does not have all the seven "swaras" (musical notes). It is also written as Shri ranjani or Sriranjani.
Structure and Lakshana.
"Shree ranjani" is a symmetric scale that does not contain "panchamam". It is called a "shadava-shadava" rāgam, in Carnatic music classification (as it has 6 notes in both ascending and descending scales). Its "" structure is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This scale uses the notes "shadjam, chathusruti rishabham, sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kaisiki nishadam". "Shree ranjani" is a "janya" rāgam of "Kharaharapriya", the 22nd "Melakarta" rāgam. It has only the invariant "panchamam" missing from its parent scale, "Kharaharapriya".
Popular compositions.
"Shree ranjani" is a pleasing and popular rāgam. This scale has been used by many composers and there are lots of compositions in classical music. It has been used to score film music too. Here are some popular compositions in "Sriranjani".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="20570432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570432" title="RPG-28">
RPG-28

The RPG-28 Klyukva ("Cranberry") is a Russian handheld anti-tank rocket launcher.
History.
The RPG-28 was unveiled in 2007 at IDEX Abu Dhabi by the State Research and Production Enterprise, Bazalt as a modern anti-tank rocket launcher designed to defeat modern and future tanks with advanced reactive and composite armour as well as fortified infantry. It was offered for export in 2008. Officially adopted by the Russian Government in December 2011.
Description.
The RPG-28 shares a close resemblance with the RPG-27 in that it is a portable, disposable anti-tank rocket launcher with a single shot capacity. The RPG-28 has a larger diameter round than the RPG-27 which enables the RPG-28 to achieve higher armour penetration performance. The PG-28 round is a 125-mm tandem shaped charge with a weight of 12-kg and a range of 300 meters. The round has a stated penetration capability in excess of 900-mm RHA (after ERA) and 3000 mm of brick. Loaded weight is 13.5-kg.
RMG variant.
The RMG is a smaller, multipurpose variant of the RPG-28 that is optimized for defeating light vehicles and infantry in cover. As a result, its penetration performance against tank armor is reduced.
The launcher carries a tandem warhead. The precursor high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) warhead penetrates armour or other obstacles (reinforced concrete, masonry, etc.). The main warhead creates a fine explosive cloud and takes into the interior through the hole, pierced by the precursor charge. Detonation of the main warhead explosive boasts a multiple effects (high-explosive and incendiary).
The RMG rocket launcher ('RMG' stands for “Reaktivnaya Mnogotselevaya Granata” or rocket-propelled multi-purpose grenade) was developed by Bazalt in the early 2000s. As is the case with disposable anti-tank rocket launchers and multi-purpose assault weapons, the designation of the new rocket launcher is the designation of its round. The design project was supervised by leading designer S. Kh. Irtuganov.
Officially adopted by the Russian Government in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20570444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570444" title="Curtain Call (2000 film)">
Curtain Call (2000 film)

Curtain Call is a 2000 American short documentary film directed by Charles Braverman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20570463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570463" title="ADA Amendments Act of 2008">
ADA Amendments Act of 2008

The ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-325, ADAAA) is an Act of Congress, effective January 1, 2009, that amended the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) and other disability nondiscrimination laws at the Federal level of the United States. Passed on September 17, 2008, and signed into law by President George W. Bush on September 25, 2008, the ADAAA was a response to a number of decisions by the Supreme Court that had interpreted the original text of the ADA. Because members of the U.S. Congress viewed those decisions as limiting the rights of persons with disabilities, the ADAAA explicitly reversed those decisions. It also rejected portions of the regulations published by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) that interpret Title I (the employment-related title) of the ADA. The ADAAA makes changes to the definition of the term "disability," clarifying and broadening that definition—and therefore the number and types of persons who are protected under the ADA and other Federal disability nondiscrimination laws. It was designed to strike a balance between employer and employee interests.
The ADAAA requires that courts interpreting the ADA and other Federal disability nondiscrimination laws focus on whether the covered entity has discriminated, rather than whether the individual seeking the law's protection has an impairment that fits within the technical definition of the term "disability." The Act retains the ADA's basic definition of "disability" as an impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities; a record of such an impairment; or being regarded as having such an impairment. However, it changes the way that the statutory terms should be interpreted.
Reasons for enactment.
Congress used the functional definition of disability from Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Due to 17 years of development through case law, Congress believed the requirements of the definition were well understood. Within the framework established under the Rehabilitation Act, courts treated the determination of disability as a threshold issue, but focused primarily on whether unlawful discrimination had occurred. After the passage of the ADA, the focus of court decisions shifted to deciding if people's claims of discrimination were protected by the law.
The ADA Amendments Act of 2008 was intended to overturn two decisions which interpreted the ADA and sparked controversy. The first decision made by the Supreme Court in "Sutton v. United Air Lines, Inc." stated that impairments must be considered in their mitigated state. The second decision in "Toyota Motor Manufacturing, Kentucky, Inc. v. Williams" stated that the standard for determining whether an individual was eligible for protection under the law must be demanding. The follow on effect of this in some lower court findings was that an individual’s impairment did not constitute a disability and in many cases courts never reached the question whether discrimination had occurred.
Through these rulings, the Supreme Court and lower courts created a situation in which individuals with physical or mental impairments that affected them significantly enough to have been considered "substantially limiting a major life activity" under the case law interpreting the Rehabilitation Act were not considered as qualifying for protection under the ADA. These included individuals with impairments such as amputation, intellectual disabilities, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, HIV/AIDS, diabetes, muscular dystrophy, and cancer.
Push for changes.
In 2004, the National Council on Disability, an independent Federal agency charged with making recommendations to the President and Congress, issued a report called “Righting the ADA.” This report detailed the various ways in which the courts had misinterpreted Congressional intent and limited the reach of the ADA, and proposed legislative language to restore this intent. The most important misinterpretation identified in the report was the narrowing of the ADA’s definition of “disability” to exclude many individuals that Congress intended to protect from discrimination.
Over the course of 2006, the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) worked to develop consensus within the disability rights community regarding the strategy and substance of a bill that would fix the definition problem. On September 29, 2006, the last working day of the 109th Congress, Representative Jim Sensenbrenner (R-WI), then Chair of the United States House Committee on the Judiciary, and then-Minority Leader Steny Hoyer introduced H.R. 6258 (“ADA Restoration Act of 2006”) to “restore the intent of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to more fully remove the barriers that confront disabled Americans.” The bill represented an important first step towards reform but was rejected by the committee. 
On July 26, 2007, the 17th anniversary of the ADA’s passage, Majority Leader Hoyer, Representative Sensenbrenner, and Senators Tom Harkin (D-IA) and Arlen Specter (R-PA) introduced companion "ADA restoration" bills (H.R. 3195; S. 1881) that closely tracked a draft bill produced by the CCD and Congressional staff. On the day of the introduction of H.R. 3195, the bill had 143 co-sponsors in the House. Despite the number of House co-sponsors of the legislation, the business community and the Justice Department urged Members of Congress to oppose the ADA Restoration Act. Concerned that a partisan battle would damage the traditionally bi-partisan base of support for disability rights legislation, Congressional champions of the bill, including Majority Leader Hoyer, encouraged the disability community to meet with the business community and negotiate bill language that both communities would agree to defend through the entire legislative process.
Negotiations leading to the ADAAA.
The coalition of advocates from the business and disability communities that spearheaded the efforts to pass the ADAAA first came together on February 19, 2008. That initial group consisted of representatives from the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD), the National Council on Independent Living (NCIL), the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, the National Disabilities Rights Network (NDRN), the Epilepsy Foundation (EF), the United States Chamber of Commerce, the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), and the HR Policy Association (HR Policy). Each group entered the negotiations by signing a document indicating its understanding that any agreement reached would be defended and maintained by all of the groups. Modifications and amendments to the draft bill were permitted only by mutual agreement. 
The negotiating group met almost weekly from February through May 2008. Both the disability and business negotiators consistently checked back with a much broader group of disability and business advocates throughout the process. The key negotiators for the disability group were Andy Imparato (AAPD); Sandy Finucane (EF); Chai Feldblum (Georgetown Law, on behalf of EF); Jennifer Mathis (Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law); John Lancaster (NICL); and Curt Decker (NDRN). Former Representative Tony Coelho and Nancy Zirkin from the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights also provided political counsel throughout the process. The business negotiators were led by Mike Eastman and Randal Johnson (Chamber), assisted by Larry Lorber (Proskauer Rose); Mike Aitken and Mike Layman (SHRM); Mike Peterson (HR Policy); and Jeri Gillepsie (NAM). Tim Bartl (HR Policy) and Camille Olson (Seyfarth Shaw) also provided political and legal counsel to the business negotiators. Cheryl Sensenbrenner, Board Chair of AAPD, was involved throughout the process. 
The negotiating group reached a final agreement on May 13, 2008. That agreement formed the basis for a Congressional agreement and substitute to the earlier version of H.R. 3195. The substitute was renamed the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA). H.R. 3195 subsequently passed by wide margins in the House Education and Labor Committee and the House Judiciary Committee, and passed the House of Representatives on June 25, 2008, by a vote of 402 Ayes, 17 Nays, 15 Present/Not Voting. 
The coalition was tested in July 2008 when Senators Tom Harkin and Orrin Hatch proposed a new definition of “substantially limits.” Representatives from the disability and business communities came back together in an effort to agree on a compromise that would address the concerns expressed by the Senators. A new resolution was reached in which the definition of “substantially limits” was dropped entirely. In its place, additional findings and purposes were added. 
This agreement became the basis of S. 3406, which passed the Senate by unanimous consent on September 11, 2008. The House of Representatives followed suit one week later, and the President signed the ADAAA into the law on September 25, 2008. 
For a full list of the many individuals and groups who worked on the ADAAA, from the disability, civil rights, and business communities, see the Statement by Majority Leader Hoyer on September 17, 2008.
Significant changes.
The ADAAA explicitly overturns the controversial Supreme Court decisions in Sutton and Toyota, rejecting the high standards imposed on claimants by the Court in those cases, and reiterates that Congress intends the scope of the ADA to be broad and inclusive. The ADAAA retains the ADA’s definition of disability as a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more life activities; a record of such impairment; or being regarded as having such impairment. However, it clarifies and expands the definition’s meaning and application in the following ways:
First, the ADAAA deletes two findings in the ADA that led the Supreme Court to restrict the meaning and application of the definition of disability. These findings were that “some 43,000,000 Americans have one or more physical or mental disabilities” and that “individuals with disabilities are a discrete and insular minority.” The Court had treated these findings as limiting how other provisions of the ADA should be construed. 
Second, the law provides that the definition of disability “shall be construed in favor of broad coverage of individuals under this Act, to the maximum extent permitted by the terms of this Act.” It retains the terms “substantially limits” and "major life activities" from the original ADA definition of "disability," but makes clear that Congress intended the terms to impose less- demanding standards than those enunciated by the Supreme Court in the Toyota case. It also states that the EEOC's regulatory definition of "substantially limits" was overly strict.
Third, the law prohibits consideration of mitigating measures such as medication, assistive technology, accommodations, or modifications when determining whether an impairment substantially limits a major life activity. The related text of the ADAAA explicitly rejects the Supreme Court’s holdings in Sutton and its companion cases that mitigating measures must be considered in determining whether an impairment constitutes a disability under the law. The ADAAA also provides that impairments that are episodic or in remission are to be assessed in their active state.
Fourth, the law provides additional direction on the “major life activities” that must be substantially limited in order for an impairment to be a disability: the Act lists specific examples of "major life activities", rather than leaving that phrase open to interpretation, as the ADA of 1990 did. The non-exhaustive list of major life activities in § 4(4)(a) of the amended ADA includes caring for oneself, performing manual tasks, seeing, hearing, eating, sleeping, walking, standing, lifting, bending, speaking, breathing, learning, reading, concentrating, thinking, communicating and working. The ADAAA also lists "major bodily functions", including, but not limited to, functions of the immune system; normal cell growth; and digestive, bowel, bladder, neurological, brain, respiratory, circulatory, endocrine, and reproductive functions.
Fifth, the law removes from the “regarded as” prong of the disability definition (the third prong of the definition) the requirement that an individual demonstrate that the impairment that he or she has, or is perceived to have, limits a major life activity in a way that is "perceived to be substantial". Under the ADAAA, therefore, an individual can establish coverage under the law by showing that he or she has been subjected to an action prohibited under the Act because of an actual or perceived physical or mental impairment that is not transitory and minor. The law also explicitly states that although individuals who fall solely under the “regarded as” prong of the definition of disability are protected from discrimination, entities covered by the ADA are not required to provide accommodations, or to modify policies and procedures, for such persons. 
Sixth, the law clarifies that the authority granted to three specific Federal agencies to issue regulations interpreting the ADA includes the authority to issue regulations implementing the definitions contained in Sections 3 and 4 of that Act. 
Finally, the ADAAA makes conforming amendments Section 7 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and to Title I of the ADA itself. To conform the employment-related provisions of the ADA with parallel provisions of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the latter amendments change the language of Title I to provide that no covered entity shall discriminate against a qualified individual “on the basis of disability.”
"To summarize the ADAAA timeline:" the Act was introduced on July 31, 2008; passed the Senate on September 11, 2008; passed the House on September 17, 2008; was signed by the President on September 25, 2008; and took effect on January 1, 2009.
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held on July 21, 2009, that the ADAAA does not apply retroactively.
See also.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)

</doc>
<doc id="20570466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570466" title="China Customs">
China Customs

China Customs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20570489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570489" title="Curtain call (disambiguation)">
Curtain call (disambiguation)

A curtain call is a return of individuals to the stage to be recognized by the audience for their performance. 
Curtain Call may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20570495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570495" title="List of people from Peterborough, Ontario">
List of people from Peterborough, Ontario

Peterborough and its surrounding area is and has been home to many notable people, especially considering its relatively small size. It has been especially prolific in producing players for the NHL through the Peterborough Petes. It also has produced a number of musicians, actors and authors.

</doc>
<doc id="20570497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570497" title="Network Abstraction Layer">
Network Abstraction Layer

The Network Abstraction Layer (NAL) is a part of the H.264/AVC and HEVC video coding standards. The main goal of the NAL is the provision of a "network-friendly" video representation addressing "conversational" (video telephony) and "non conversational" (storage, broadcast, or streaming) applications. NAL has achieved a significant improvement in application flexibility relative to prior video coding standards.
Introduction.
An increasing number of services and growing popularity of high definition TV are creating greater needs for higher coding efficiency. Moreover, other transmission media such as Cable Modem, xDSL, or UMTS offer much lower data rates than broadcast channels, and enhanced coding efficiency can enable the transmission of more video channels or higher quality video representations within existing digital transmission capacities.
Video coding for telecommunication applications has diversified from ISDN and T1/E1 service to embrace PSTN, mobile wireless networks, and LAN/Internet network delivery. Throughout this evolution, continued efforts have been made to maximize coding efficiency while dealing with the diversification of network types and their characteristic formatting and loss/error robustness requirements.
The H.264/AVC and HEVC standards are designed for technical solutions including areas like broadcasting (over cable, satellite, cable modem, DSL, terrestrial, etc.) interactive or serial storage on optical and magnetic devices, conversational services, video-on-demand or multimedia streaming, multimedia messaging services, etc. Moreover, new applications may be deployed over existing and future networks. This raises the question about how to handle this variety of applications and networks.
To address this need for flexibility and customizability, the design covers a NAL that formats the Video Coding Layer (VCL) representation of the video and provides header information in a manner appropriate for conveyance by a variety of transport layers or storage media.
The NAL is designed in order to provide "network friendliness" to enable simple and effective customization of the use of VCL for a broad variety of systems.
The NAL facilitates the ability to map VCL data to transport layers such as:
The full degree of customization of the video content to fit the needs of each particular application is outside the scope of the video coding standardization effort, but the design of the NAL anticipates a variety of such mappings. Some key concepts of the NAL are NAL units, byte stream, and packet formats uses of NAL units, parameter sets, and access units. A short description of these concepts is given below.
NAL units.
The coded video data is organized into NAL units, each of which is effectively a packet that contains an integer number of bytes. The first byte of each H.264/AVC NAL unit is a header byte that contains an indication of the type of data in the NAL unit. For HEVC the header was extended to two bytes. All the remaining bytes contain payload data of the type indicated by the header.
The NAL unit structure definition specifies a generic format for use in both packet-oriented and bitstream-oriented transport systems, and a series of NAL units generated by an encoder is referred to as a NAL unit stream.
NAL Units in Byte-Stream Format Use.
Some systems require delivery of the entire or partial NAL unit stream as an ordered stream of bytes or bits within which the locations of NAL unit boundaries need to be identifiable from patterns within the coded data itself.
For use in such systems, the H.264/AVC and HEVC specifications define a byte stream format. In the byte stream format, each NAL unit is prefixed by a specific pattern of three bytes called a start code prefix. The boundaries of the NAL unit can then be identified by searching the coded data for the unique start code prefix pattern. The use of emulation prevention bytes guarantees that start code prefixes are unique identifiers of the start of a new NAL unit.
A small amount of additional data (one byte per video picture) is also added to allow decoders that operate in systems that provide streams of bits without alignment to byte boundaries to recover the necessary alignment from the data in the stream.
Additional data can also be inserted in the byte stream format that allows expansion of the amount of data to be sent and can aid in achieving more rapid byte alignment recovery, if desired.
NAL Units in Packet-Transport System Use.
In other systems (e.g., IP/RTP systems), the coded data is carried in packets that are framed by the system transport protocol, and identification of the boundaries of NAL units within the packets can be established without use of start code prefix patterns. In such systems, the inclusion of start code prefixes in the data would be a waste of data carrying capacity, so instead the NAL units can be carried in data packets without start code prefixes.
VCL and Non-VCL NAL Units.
NAL units are classified into VCL and non-VCL NAL units. The VCL NAL units contain the data that represents the values of the samples in the video pictures, and the non-VCL NAL units contain any associated additional information such as parameter sets (important header data that can apply to a large number of VCL NAL units) and supplemental enhancement information (timing information and other supplemental data that may enhance usability of the decoded video signal but are not necessary for decoding the values of the samples in the video pictures).
Parameter Sets.
A parameter set is supposed to contain information that is expected to rarely change and offers the decoding of a large number of VCL NAL units. There are two types of parameter sets:
The sequence and picture parameter-set mechanism decouples the transmission of infrequently changing information from the transmission of coded representations of the values of the samples in the video pictures. Each VCL NAL unit contains an identifier that refers to the content of the relevant picture parameter set and each picture parameter set contains an identifier that refers to the content of the relevant sequence parameter set. In this manner, a small amount of data (the identifier) can be used to refer to a larger amount of information (the parameter set) without repeating that information within each VCL NAL unit.
Sequence and picture parameter sets can be sent well ahead of the VCL NAL units that they apply to, and can be repeated to provide robustness against data loss. In some applications, parameter sets may be sent within the channel that carries the VCL NAL units (termed "in-band" transmission). In other applications, it can be advantageous to convey the parameter sets "out-of-band" using a more reliable transport mechanism than the video channel itself.
Access Units.
A set of NAL units in a specified form is referred to as an access unit. The decoding of each access unit results in one decoded picture.
Each access unit contains a set of VCL NAL units that together compose a "primary coded picture". It may also be prefixed with an "access unit delimiter" to aid in locating the start of the access unit. Some "supplemental enhancement information" containing data such as picture timing information may also precede the primary coded picture.
The primary coded picture consists of a set of VCL NAL units consisting of "slices" or " slice data partitions" that represent the samples of the video picture.
Following the primary coded picture may be some additional VCL NAL units that contain redundant representations of areas of the same video picture. These are referred to as "redundant coded pictures", and are available for use by a decoder in recovering from loss or corruption of the data in the primary coded pictures. Decoders are not required to decode redundant coded pictures if they are present.
Finally, if the coded picture is the last picture of a coded video sequence (a sequence of pictures that is independently decodable and uses only one sequence parameter set), an "end of sequence" NAL unit may be present to indicate the end of the sequence; and if the coded picture is the last coded picture in the entire NAL unit stream, an "end of stream" NAL unit may be present to indicate that the stream is ending.
Coded Video Sequences.
A coded video sequence consists of a series of access units that are sequential in the NAL unit stream and use only one sequence parameter set. Each coded video sequence can be decoded independently of any other coded video sequence, given the necessary parameter set information, which may be conveyed "in-band" or "out-of-band". At the beginning of a coded video sequence is an "instantaneous decoding refresh" (IDR) access unit. An IDR access unit contains an "intra" picture -a coded picture that can be decoded without decoding any previous pictures in the NAL unit stream, and the presence of an IDR access unit indicates that no subsequent picture in the stream will require reference to pictures prior to the intra picture it contains in order to be decoded.
A NAL unit stream may contain one or more coded video sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="20570529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570529" title="Minister for Nordic Cooperation (Iceland)">
Minister for Nordic Cooperation (Iceland)

Iceland's Minister for Nordic Cooperation is a cabinet minister who takes on this role in addition to his or her departmental responsibilities. Since 1 February 2009 the minister has been Kolbrún Halldórsdóttir, who combines the role with her duties as Minister for the Environment.
The Minister for Nordic Cooperation is responsible for coordinating the activities of Iceland within the Nordic Council. The minister is assisted by a Secretariat for Nordic Cooperation, under the ultimate responsibility of the Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="20570543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570543" title="Gamo people">
Gamo people

Gamo is the name of the Ethiopian ethnic group who speak the Gamo language. The name "Gamo" means a lion, which refers to their legacy; along with the Goffa, they gave their names to the former Gamo-Gofa province of Ethiopia. The 2007 Ethiopian national census reported that 1,107,163 people (or 1.5% of the population) identified themselves as Gamos, of whom 141,233 were urban inhabitants. The Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region is home to 94.5% of this people.
The Gamo contribute much of the fruit including banana, mango and papaya, even to the capital city of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.

</doc>
<doc id="20570550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570550" title="Great Horton railway station">
Great Horton railway station

Great Horton railway station was a railway station on the Queensbury-Bradford section of the Queensbury Lines which ran between Bradford, Keighley and Halifax via Queensbury. The station open for passengers in 1878 and closed in 1955 but remained open to goods with full staff until 1965 before it was closed and the tracks ripped up.

</doc>
<doc id="20570555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570555" title="Rakesh Maria">
Rakesh Maria

Rakesh Maria, born on January 19, 1957, is the Mumbai Police Commissioner and also the Chief of Anti Terrorist Squad, Maharashtra, India. 
Career.
He belongs to the 1981 batch of the Indian Police Service. His first posting was as assistant superintendent of police in Akola, and then Buldhana, in the interiors of Maharashtra. He came to Mumbai in 1986. He was the Deputy Commissioner Police (Traffic) in 1993. He was appointed the Commissioner of Mumbai Police on 15 February 2014.
Anti terror work.
As the Deputy Commissioner Police (Traffic) in 1993, he cracked the Bombay serial blasts case, and later moved to DCP (Crime) and then Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime), of the Mumbai Police.
Maria cracked the 2003 Gateway of India and Zaveri Bazaar twin blasts case, arresting six persons, including a couple for planting the explosive devices inside taxis. The investigation was proved successful when the arrestees Ashrat Ansari, Haneef Sayyed and his wife Fahmeeda were convicted and sentenced to death in August, 2009 by a special POTA court in Mumbai. Later, the death sentence was upheld by Bombay High Court in February 2012.
Maria was given the responsibility of investigating the 26/11 Mumbai attacks. He interrogated Ajmal Kasab, the only terrorist captured alive, and successfully investigated the case. Kasab was executed by hanging in 2012.
Personal life.
He is married to Preeti Maria and the couple have two sons, Kunal and Krish. Maria hails from a film family which owns their own production house Kala Niketan.
Opinions.
On third degree interrogation.
In an interview to an Indian magazine Verve, he clarified on misconception about use of third degree interrogation by saying, "Thanks largely to what the film industry portrays, everyone thinks that third degree is the only way interrogations take place. This is absolutely off the mark. Just beating and torture does not get you answers or answers that will stand up. The terrorist today is completely indoctrinated. One needs to understand his or her psychology, break his or her mind to get information from him or her. Apart from this there are lawyers, courts, NGOs and strict laws in place. So, the general perception that a criminal breaks down after a beating, is not true. We use a lot of mental games when we interrogate the accused. I often step in and do it myself. Ajmal Kasab was interrogated by me for the first time on the 27th at around four or five a.m.”
In popular culture.
In the movie "Black Friday", actor Kay Kay Menon plays the role of Rakesh Maria.
The character Ajay Lal in Suketu Mehta's nonfiction work Maximum City is based on him.
Nana Patekar played the role of Rakesh Maria in Ram Gopal Varma film The Attacks of 26/11.

</doc>
<doc id="20570611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570611" title="Horton Park railway station">
Horton Park railway station

Horton Park railway station was a railway station on the Queensbury-Bradford section of the Queensbury Lines which ran between Bradford, Keighley and Halifax via Queensbury. The station was built to serve the nearby football ground. It opened for passengers in 1880 closed for regular passenger trains in 1952 but remained open to special trains on match days until 1955. The station had a large goods yard which kept it open like the City Road Goods Branch until 1972 when it shut and the tracks lifted. The station remained in place along with its concrete sign until only a few years ago when the station was demolished to make way for a the new Suffa-Tul-Islam University Mosque. 

</doc>
<doc id="20570620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570620" title="WSUF">
WSUF

WSUF (89.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Noyack, New York and serves the eastern Long Island and New London, Connecticut area. It is owned by Sacred Heart University.
It broadcasts a classical music and news/talk radio format that includes programming from National Public Radio, Public Radio International, and American Public Media. For most of the time, it acts as a full satellite of WSHU-AM, though on Sunday mornings and afternoons it repeats WSHU-FM's classical programming.
The station was assigned the WSUF call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 1, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20570626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570626" title="El Diario de Nuevo Laredo">
El Diario de Nuevo Laredo

El Diario de Nuevo Laredo ("The Nuevo Laredo Daily") is a Spanish language newspaper published in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The newspaper was founded in 1948 by Ruperto Villareal Montemayor. It is Nuevo Laredo's second oldest newspaper (the oldest nonstop publisher). According to "El Diario", the newspaper is the most circulated in Nuevo Laredo.
In 2008, "El Diario" change its format to a free 16-page tabloid delivered door-to-door. This broader audience gave Nuevo Laredo Companies the result they expected .

</doc>
<doc id="20570631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570631" title="Segre Olympic Park">
Segre Olympic Park

Parc Olímpic del Segre is a canoeing and kayaking facility in La Seu d'Urgell, Catalonia, Spain, built in 1990 for use during the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
The competition whitewater course is 300 m long, with a 6.5 m drop, making a 2.2% slope of 114 ft/mile or 22 m/km. The natural flow of the Segre River is diverted through the course by a diversion dam upstream. In low flow conditions, four 300-kilowattt recirculation pumps can add up to 12 m³/s to the course flow, in order to increase it to the course maximum of 17.5 m³/s. When the course is not being used, or when the natural flow exceeds 17.5 m³/s, the pumps are reversed and run in turbine mode to generate electricity for the town. 
A 130-metre beginners course is a diversion from the main course. Its drop is 1.5 m for a 1.2% slope of 61 ft/mile or 12 m/km. Streamflow for the beginners course is 3 to 10 m³/s.
The park also has a 650-m long feedwater canal which carries water from the river into the whitewater course. This canal is used for flatwater canoe and kayak training and competition. 
The ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships have been held at the venue twice, first in 1999 and then in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20570645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570645" title="Macrophage elastase">
Macrophage elastase

Macrophage elastase (, "metalloelastase", "human macrophage metalloelastase (HME)") is an enzyme. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
This enzyme belongs to the peptidase family M10.

</doc>
<doc id="20570653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570653" title="Robinson Middle School (Wichita, Kansas)">
Robinson Middle School (Wichita, Kansas)

Robinson Middle School is a public, co-educational middle school in Wichita, Kansas. It is part of the USD 259 Wichita School District. As of the 2007-08 school year, there were 741 students enrolled at the school, making it the 3rd largest middle school in the city of Wichita.
Robinson was built in 1932 in the College Hill area in Wichita. It was small at first, but a large gymnasium was built in 1976 for basketball and volleyball games, as well as physical education classes. Robinson is also well known for its top-notch Science Olympiad, Volleyball and NAL teams. 
Robinson long has a tradition of being a pre-IB school that feeds directly into Wichita East High School's prestigious IB program. It has the only Pre-Ib program other than Gordon Parks academy's program.

</doc>
<doc id="20570658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570658" title="Sheitan">
Sheitan

Sheitan ("devil" in Arabic) is a 2006 French horror/erotic comedy film. It was directed by first time director Kim Chapiron, and written by Kim and Christian Chapiron. It stars and was co-produced by Vincent Cassel. His wife Monica Bellucci also makes a cameo appearance in the film.
Plot.
On Christmas Eve, a group of friends are led by a girl (Roxane Mesquida) they met at the Styxx Club, in Paris, to her house in the country. There, they are introduced to the eccentric housekeeper Joseph who has something sinister planned for them.
Ratings and Controversy.
When released, the movie was given an "Interdit aux moins de 16 ans" (16+) rating in France due to its inconsistent yet occasionally shocking scenes involving sex (with full nudity), violence, with some sudden shocking gruesome and disturbing images, particularly during the final 10 minutes. The movie was not rated by the MPAA, but would have most likely have been a strong R, perhaps even an NC-17. It was released as "unrated" instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20570669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570669" title="Ironsides Island">
Ironsides Island

Ironsides Island is a rocky island in the Saint Lawrence River, and part of the Thousand Islands region near Alexandria Bay, New York. It is in both Jefferson and St. Lawrence counties. Most of the island lies in the Town of Alexandria, in Jefferson County, while its northeasternmost corner lies in the Town of Hammond, in St. Lawrence County. It was donated by Readers Digest /William Browning to the Nature Conservancy in the 1960s to serve as a rookery for Great blue herons. Over a thousand herons return to breed every April. It was declared a National Natural Landmark in April 1967.
The island has cliffs along its waterfront and has mostly white pine trees. It is near Kring state park. 
Prior permission from the Nature Conservancy is required to land on the island, but it can easily be viewed from the water.

</doc>
<doc id="20570670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570670" title="Lydia Caruana">
Lydia Caruana

Lydia Caruana is a Maltese operatic soprano who performs in the opera houses and concert halls of Europe and her native Malta. She has sung in two rarely performed operas by Maltese composers, Carmelo Pace's "I martiri" and Nicolo Isouard's "Jeannot et Colin".
Biography.
Lydia Caruana was born in Malta, and initially studied music at the Johann Strauss School of Music in Valletta. She later furthered her studies in singing with the Maltese soprano Antoinette Miggiani and took master classes in Vienna with the Armenian-Austrian soprano, Sona Ghazarian. She made her operatic debut as Musetta in "La bohème" at the Teatru Manoel in Valletta in 1995.
Amongst the roles she has performed in Italy and Malta are the title role in "Suor Angelica", Mimi in "La bohème", Norina in "Don Pasquale", Elvira in "Don Giovanni" and Rosalinde in "Die Fledermaus". She has also sung in rarely performed operas such as Nicolo Isouard’s "Jeannot et Colin" (as Thérèse) and Carmelo Pace's "I martiri" (as Graziella). While she retains her interest in performing and creating roles which are not in the standard operatic repertoire, she continues to perform in Italian opera, as in her concerts with the Berwald Symphony Orchestra of Stockholm conducted by Manfred Honeck and the Malta Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Charles Olivieri Monroe.
Caruana has sung in major concert halls across Europe such as the Musikverein in Vienna, National Concert Hall in Dublin, Laeiszhalle in Hamburg, Theatre of the Estates in Prague and Accademia Filarmonica di Bologna. In 2005, concert tours with the Belarusian State Symphony Orchestra took her to 16 German cities. She also sang in the Das Neue Europa Festival in Ingolstadt accompanied by the Georgian Chamber Orchestra. During 2006 she presented a Mozart programme in the final concert of the Valletta International Sacred Music Festival, a programme which she also performed in St. Giles Cathedral, Edinburgh. In 2007 Caruana partnered, on different occasions, José Carreras and Andrea Bocelli in Malta and Joseph Calleja in Regensburg for the Rathaus concert series. 
Lydia Caruana is also an active recitalist, with a repertoire ranging from Haydn and Liszt to de Falla. In 2006, she gave a series of recitals in Vienna and Malta with pianist Paul Gulda, with whom she also recorded a CD of Mediterranean songs. In 2008, she recorded a programme of Maltese composers, and their European contemporaries for the Austrian broadcasting company ORF in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20570677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570677" title="Croatia–Italy relations">
Croatia–Italy relations

Croatia–Italy relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Italy.
Diplomacy.
Both countries established diplomatic relations on January 17, 1992. Croatia has an embassy in Rome, 2 general consulates (in Milan and Trieste), and 5 honorary consulates (in Bari, Florence, Montemitro, Naples, and Padua). Italy has an embassy in Zagreb, a general consulate in Rijeka, a consulate in Split and 2 honorary consulates (in Buje and Pula).
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Union for the Mediterranean and the European Union.
Population.
There are around 19,500 people of Italian descent living in Croatia. There are also around 6,000 Molise Croats in Italy.
In addition, there are around 21,000 registered immigrant Croatian workers in Italy.
Historically, the Dalmatian Italians constituted a significant population of Dalmatia.
Esuli/Optanti.
Croatia and Italy continue to debate bilateral property and ethnic minority rights issues stemming from border changes after World War II.
There are a number of people who are Italian citizens but who had previously been living in what is now Croatian territory before they opted to Italy, shortly after World War II - known as the "esuli" (exiles) or "optanti" (volunteers). A later contract between SFR Yugoslavia and Italy prevented the restitution of their property since a deal was made that treated this seized property as war reparations.
Nevertheless, there are now at least two groups of people dissatisfied with the situation:
Neither of these was allowed to pursue in Croatia legally. However, after adoption of the new laws in Croatia (that were required for the accession of Croatia to the EU), it is now allowed to citizens of all member states of the EU to buy real-estate in Croatia.
Fishing.
A problem arose with the fishing zones in the Adriatic sea. Italy denied the right of Croatia to proclaim its Ecological and Fisheries Protection Zone before January 1, 2008, because that would have broken an earlier agreement with Italy and Slovenia. At the same time Italy, without breaking the agreement, has proclaimed its own zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20570683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570683" title="Eskişehirspor Magazine">
Eskişehirspor Magazine

Eskişehirspor Magazine () is Turkish football club Eskişehirspor's official monthly magazine. The magazine was first released in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20570684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570684" title="Aviation in the United Kingdom">
Aviation in the United Kingdom

Aviation in the United Kingdom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20570686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570686" title="The Man on Lincoln's Nose">
The Man on Lincoln's Nose

"The Man on Lincoln's Nose" is a 2000 American short documentary film directed by Daniel Raim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20570694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570694" title="St. Martin of Tours Episcopal Church">
St. Martin of Tours Episcopal Church

St. Martin of Tours Episcopal Church is a historic stone Episcopal church building located at 2312 J Street in the South Omaha district of Omaha, Nebraska. Built in 1899 in the Late Gothic Revival style, it was designated an Omaha Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was the first Episcopal church built when the former town of South Omaha was new, and after several subsequent missions failed it is the only one remaining in that area of the city.
History.
The Very Reverend Frank Millspaugh, dean of Trinity Cathedral, founded St. Martin in 1876. Millspaugh and his successor George Worthington founded most of the Episcopal churches in Omaha. The church's architecture represented the purity of worship through a return to the historical Christian church styles of the Middle Ages. The limestone for the church was salvaged after Dr. George L. Miller's Ralston mansion burned down in the late 1880s.

</doc>
<doc id="20570697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570697" title="Lucas Benamo">
Lucas Benamo

Lucas Benamo (born February 19, 1985) is an Argentine racing driver. He is a former winner of the Argentine Formula Renault 1.6 Championship, winning it in 2005 having been runner-up the season before.

</doc>
<doc id="20570706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570706" title="Vyavahāra">
Vyavahāra

Vyavahāra () is an important concept of Hindu law denoting legal procedure. The term is analyzed by Kātyāyana as follows: "Vi means ‘various,’ ava means ‘doubt,’ hara is ‘removal’; legal procedure is called by the term vyavahāra because ‘it removes various doubts.’” Kane defines it as follows: "When the ramifications of right conduct, that are together called dharma and that can be established with efforts (of various kinds such as truthful speech, etc.) have been violated, the dispute (in a court between parties) which springs from what is sought to be proved (such as debt), is said to be vyavahāra." According to Donald Davis, “There are two basic meanings of vyavahāra. The first is a general sense of practice, business, or everyday transactions. The other, specific sense is legal procedure, the processes of litigation including a trial.” Legal procedure according to the dharmaśāstras includes: court, listening to and assessing witnesses and their testimony, deciding and enforcing punishment, and the pursuit of Justice in the face of Injustice. Davis later quotes the Nāradasmṛti in an attempt to answer the question why legal procedure came about in the Hindu tradition. The text states, “When men had dharma as their only focus and were speakers of the truth, there was no legal procedure, no enmity, and no (selfish) conflict. Legal procedure came into being when dharma was lost among men." 
Courts.
According to the of Bṛhaspati there are four different kinds of courts of justice. The is a court established in a fixed place such as a town, the is not fixed in one place, but moving from place to place as on a circuit, the mudritā is the court of a judge appointed by the king, who is authorized to uses the royal seal, and the śāsitā is the court in which the king himself presides. The court assignment of a case was also very influenced by the situation of the litigants. "For those who stay in the forest the session should be held in the forest, for the soldiers in the army, and for the merchants in the caravans." Furthermore, “he court-house should be decorated with flowers, statues, paintings, idols of gods and should be furnished with incense, throne or seat (for the king or judge), seeds, fires and water." There is also differentiation among the different grades of courts. The king’s courts are the highest grade, “but other tribunals were recognized in the smṛtis and digests." It appears there were no court fees in ancient India, except for fines imposed by the king, and texts such as the , NāradaSmṛti, Yājñavalkya Smṛti, and Kauṭilya’s Arthaśāstra prescribe rules for payment after a suit was decided.
The King's Role.
The King or Kṣatriya has the responsibility of overseeing legal procedure and then enforcing their results. According to Nārada, "The king is the assistant of the sacred law when two people are engaged in a lawsuit; he should investigate cases accurately, free from affection or hatred." For the King, vyavahāra is part of his personal caste dharma. In the section on laws for the king, the states, “Arranging in this manner for the discharge of all his obligations, he should protect these subjects with care and vigilance. When bandits abduct from his realm subjects screaming for help, while he and men in his service stand by—he is surely dead, he is not alive. For a , the protection of his subjects is the highest Law; the enjoyment of the specified rewards binds the king to this Law.” The king’s personal dharma is inextricably linked to legal proceedings and his dharma is determined the by the merits and demerits of his subjects, therefore it is crucial he bring about justice. This is why it is stressed in the dharmaśāstras how important it is for the king to be fair and righteous and to appoint learned Brahmins to counsel and help him in legal matters. If the king cannot be present at a legal proceeding, he appoints a brahmin to take his place. In the absence of a brahmin, a kşatriya should be appointed; in the absence of a kşatriya, a vaiśya.
Judges.
Cases were examined by either the king or by the chief judge. The chief judge collaborated with the other judges to devise the questions necessary for investigation, and "n a lawsuit he puts question and counter-question; he speaks first in a friendly way. Therefore he is said to be the prādvivāka (=chief judge)." The of Kātyāyana states that, “ The chief judge and the sabhyas were not to hold conversation in private with any one of the litigants while the suit was pending and if they did so they were liable to be fined.” . If a decision is given that is against the and usage, through friendship, greed or fear, each was liable to be fined twice as much as the fine to be paid by the defeated party. Kane states, “it was believed that when a just decision was given, the king and his sabhyas became free from sin, the sin only reaches him when he is guilty (whether plaintiff or defendant); but where an unjust decision is rendered a quarter of the sin falls on the litigant (plaintiff or defendant) who is guilty of adharma (that which is not in accord with the law), one quarter each on the witnesses, the sabhyas and the kings. Additionally, a judge were to be banished (1) if they utter injustice, (2) if they live on bribery, or (3) if they betray other people’s confidence. “A false judge, a false witness, and the murderer of a brahmana are said to be equally deep in guilt.”
Legal Proceedings.
There are four parts of Hindu legal procedure: 
The Plaint.
A plaint is a probandum, i.e. “of something that deserves to be proved, of a quality-bearer characterized by qualities that deserve to be demonstrated. Thus, it means: a valid plaint is an utterance of (the plaintiff’s) own opinion.” The valid plaint must be 1) free from the defects of the statement, 2) provided with a valid cause, 3) definite, 4) in accordance with common practice, 5) concisely worded, 6) explicit, 7) free from doubts, 8) free from contradictory causes, 9) capable of meeting opposing arguments. Therefore, the king should reject a plaint if it is “1) unknown (not made by anybody), 2) defective, 3) meaningless, 4) purposeless, 5) unprovable, or 6) adverse.” A plaint is unknown if it is not made by anybody, and it is adverse if it is directed against the chief judge, the king, a town, or the kingdom. According to Nārada, “The statement (of the plaint) is considered to be the fundamental part of legal procedures; if the plaintiff falls short of it, he is lost; if he carries it through, he is successful.” Once a plaint is made, the plaintiff cannot change it (i.e. changing the amount of money the plaintiff believes another man owes him). Additionally, the plaint needs to be written down, with all minute details of the situation recorded, or it is considered invalid. Most plaints included one of the eighteen Hindu titles of law, called the Vyavahārapadas.
Vyavahārapadas.
Vyavahārapada means "the topic or subject matter of litigation or dispute." Manu (Hinduism) divided the vyavahārapadas into eighteen titles of law. Manu acknowledged that "the enumeration of the 18 vyavahārapadas was a matter of a convenient arrangement and that the number 18 did not embrace all disputes whatever but only the largest number of disputes and the most important among them." The eighteen titles of law include "(i) the first is the non-payment of debts; (ii) deposits; (iii) sale without ownership; (iv) partnerships; (v) delivery and non-delivery of gifts; (vi) non-payment of wages; (vii) breach of contract; (viii) cancellation of a sale or purchase; (ix) disputes between owners and herdsman; (x) the Law on boundary disputes; (xi) verbal assault; (xii) physical assault; (xiii) theft; (xiv) violence; (xv) sexual crimes against women; (xvi) Law concerning husband and wife; (xvii) partition of inheritance; and (xviii) gambling and betting.”
Wagers.
The plaint is also sometimes accompanied by a legal wager, or paņa. A legal proceeding is attended with a wager if “before writing down the plaint, a wager is placed like this: ‘The one who is defeated here will give so much to the winner by way of punishment.’" If the litigant who places a wager loses the case, he must pay both the wager amount they placed and the punishment for the crime. However, if one litigant places a wager and the opposing party does not, and the waging litigant is successful in the case, the defeated litigant need only pay the fine for the crime, not the wager. In a sense, a wager can be seen as a form of evidence; if a defendant wages his entire estate in his defense, he must be certain of his innocence. Additionally, a wager is only considered legitimate if it is articulated in a written agreement between the litigants. The specific logistics of wager-placing are unclear; “it is uncertain whether the paņa is made by one or both of the parties, whether it is paid to the ‘winner’ of the suit or to the king, and what size the paņa must be.”. The Mitākṣarā of Vijñāneśvara on Yājñavalkya 2.18 explains the wager payment in the following way: “There in that legal proceeding which includes a ‘wager,’ the king should make the loser, the defeated one, pay the aforementioned fine and his wager to the king, and the amount under litigation to the plaintiff.”
The Reply.
After a valid plaint has been made, the king should order the reply to be given. The amount of time given to a defendant to produce his reply is based upon a few things, including when the act in question was committed and the strength of the case. According to Kātyāna, “ reply is not valid when it is not connected with the subject, when it is too concise, when it is too broad, and when it pervades only part of the thesis.” There are four types of reply in Hindu law procedure:
Confession.
A reply by confession is when the defendant agrees with the plaint, i.e. if the plaint is, “You owe me a hundred coins” and the reply is, “Yes I do.” Some argue that a confession makes the plaint invalid; if someone is trying to prove something that the defendant agrees to be true, the plaintiff’s statement suffers from the defect of siddha-sādhana (proving what is proved) Others, such as Vācaspati, disagree, arguing that the point of judicial procedure is the establishment of truth, and a plaint responded to with a confession serves this purpose.
Reply by Way of Denial.
Following with the previous plaint example of “You owe me a hundred coins because you borrowed them from me” a reply by way of denial would respond with, “I do not owe you a hundred coins.” In this circumstance, the defendant is denying that he ever borrowed the coins at all.
Reply by Way of Exception.
A reply by way of exception to the plaint, “You owe me a hundred coins because you borrowed them from me” would be “I do not owe you a hundred coins, since I paid them back,” or “I do not owe you a hundred coins, since I received them as a gift.” In the first instance, the defendant is agreeing with the plaint that he had borrowed a hundred coins, but he raises an exception (“I paid them back”), and therefore does not owe the plaintiff the money. In the second example, the defendant denies that he ever borrowed a hundred coins but received them in another way and thus does not owe them.
Reply by Way of Former Judgment.
If the plaint “You owe me a hundred coins because you borrowed them from me” was responded to with “I do not owe you a hundred coins, since this matter has been decided in the court before,” or “I do not owe you a hundred coins, because I never borrowed them, and that matter has been previously settled in court” that would be an example by reply by way of former judgment. In these cases, the defendant either agrees or disagrees he had previously borrowed the money, but due to the intervening fact that “this matter has been decided in the court before,” he does not owe the money regardless.
The Trial.
If the reply is found to be valid, a trial is granted. Unlike the leniency given for the time to produce a reply, “o delay should be granted in producing witnesses and making them depose.” There are two kinds of trial: human and divine.
The Burden of Proof.
If the reply is by way of exception or by way of former judgment, the burden of proof is upon the defendant. In the case of a denial, it’s upon the plaintiff, and if there was a confession, there is no burden. The burden is on the plaintiff in the case of a denial because asking the defendant to prove this would be asking him to prove a negative, i.e. prove he did NOT borrow the coins. The burden should be upon a party to prove a positive aspect, i.e. proving the defendant DID borrow the coins.
Human Evidence.
Human trials produce evidence including witnesses, documents, and possession, and divine trials involve oaths and ordeals administered to the defendant.
Witnesses.
In a trial, there can be a minimum of three witnesses and a maximum of nine. A competent witness is explained by Manu: “Householders, those who have a son, those born of an indigenous family, whether satriyas, vaisyas, or sudras, are competent witnesses if they are produced by a party.” Yājñavalkya elaborates, explaining “itnesses should be ascetics, liberally disposed, of good family, speaking truth, eminent in the sacred law, honest, having a son, well to do.” A witness can be considered incompetent in a number of ways including: on account of a text (brāhmanas, devotees, ascetics, and aged people should not be summoned as witnesses due to their figuring in authoritative texts), because of viciousness (no truth can be found in witnesses who are thieves, violent people, etc.), because of discord (if witnesses’ statements are contradictory), a deposition suo motu (witness comes and speaks on his own accord without having been appointed), and a witness of intervening death (witness died before trial).
Once a witness is determined to be competent, the chief judge should question them one-by-one, in front of the plaintiff and defendant, beginning with the plaintiff’s witnesses. Manu explains the proceedings as follows: Manu: “In the morning (the judge), after being purified himself, shall ask the twice-born people to deliver true evidence. They too, shall be purified, face eastward of northward, and stand close to gods or brāhamaņas. The chief judge….should address them in the following terms: ‘Declare everything you know about how these people have mutually behaved with regard to this case; for you are a witness to it.’”
The truth-telling of witnesses is considered of extremely high importance. “When a witness speaks the truth in s deposition, he reaches the most magnificent worlds, and here he obtains an unsurpassed fame; such a speech is created by Brahman.” Witnesses who give false statements on the stand, however, reach “the same worlds as the perpetrators of sins and minor sins, incendiaries, and the murderers of women and children.” Additionally, false witnesses should serve a punishment twice as high as the subject-matter of the lawsuit. 
Expert witness testimony should be respected in all cases. According to Rocher, "each and every case must be decided in association with persons who are experts in that field." For example, if a merchant were being charged with a crime, a decision is not possible without the expert testimony of other merchants. Furthermore, the cases of ascetics should not be decided without experts acquainted with the three Vedas.
Documents.
The second mode of human evidence is documents. As helpful as witnesses are in trials, “he ancient authors have been fully aware of the extreme weakness of human memory: if made after a certain lapse of time, the deposition of witnesses loses its validity because they are likely to have forgotten many an important detail.” Therefore, a second form of evidence that may be presented at trial is that of a document, which is considered more reliable evidence than witness testimony. There are two types of documents as prescribed by vyavahāra: public and private documents. The two major forms of public documents (although there are more) are official grants of land or the like, and documents of success (delivered by the king to the victorious party in a lawsuit). These documents, due to their official nature, do not need to meet many criterion to be taken as reliable evidence. Private documents, on the other hand, which include principal civil transactions (partitions, gifts, mortgages, debts, etc.) have to meet far more conditions. There are many possible defects of private documents that would render them illegitimate evidence. For one, the person who created the document can’t be a child or mentally insane, and they can’t have been intoxicated or under fear or misfortune when drawing up the document. Additionally, the content of the document needs to be very descriptive. It needs to clearly indicate the nature of the subject and describe details of all persons involved and bear the exact date and place of the transaction.
Possession.
The third mode of human evidence is possession, and it is considered a much surer means of proof than the other two. In order for possession to serve as adequate evidence, “it must be supported by a title, it must be of longstanding, uninterrupted, not claimed by others, and held in the presence of the other party.” If a title (property) accompanies the ownership, the possession and the title need to be produced simultaneously, and if there is no title, the possession needs to be of longstanding. Although texts disagree about how much time someone has to have possession of something before they have ownership of it, the general consensus seems to be three uninterrupted generations.
Divine Evidence.
The Oath.
Very little is known about the oaths taken in Hindu courts. “Hindu Law only knew the oath imposed by the judge: in the absence of human modes of proof, he invites the party to swear an oath which will constitute sufficient evidence for the case to be decided upon.” The oath can take many different forms based upon a person's caste. “Witnesses should swear by gold, silver, a cow, corn, Sũrya, Agni, an elephant’s shoulder, a horse’s back ,the box of a chariot, or weapons, or by their son or grandson. One should select different (oaths) according to their caste.” For example, a kșastriya would swear by his chariot or gold, a vaiśya by his cows, seeds, or gold, etc.
The Ordeal.
While oaths should be administered in small cases, ordeals should be reserved for heavier crimes. According to Kātyāyana, “When the witnesses are equal, one should purge (one’s cause) by means of an ordeal; and equally so in case of a lawsuit that involves capital punishment, even if witnesses are available.” The number of ordeals is different in various texts, ranging from two listed by Manu to nine listed by Brihaspati. A few examples of ordeals are as follows: In the ordeal of the balance, the defendant is weighed twice within a short interval of time. If he weighs less the second time, he is considered innocent; if he weighs equally or more, he is declared guilty. In the ordeal of fire, the person has to walk a certain distance carrying a red-hot iron ball in his hand. If his hand is not injured at the end of the day, he is innocent. In the ordeal of the grains of rice, the person has to swallow and spit out grains of rice which have undergone a special treatment. He is declared guilty if, when spitting out the grains, his saliva is mixed with blood. The ordeal to be administered is selected “according to the nature of the crime, according to the status of the individual who is to undergo it, and according to the time when the ordeal is to be administered.”
The Decision.
Vyāsa describes the following kinds of decisions: by valid means of proof (document, witnesses, possession), by motives (inferences and logical speculation), by customs (local rules established for a long time), by an oath, by a royal decree, or by reconciliation of the parties. Nārada classifies the decisions in a different way, differentiating between sacred law, positive law, custom, and royal decrees. Sacred law refers to a decision in which “a case has been duly investigated, decided in accordance with circumstance, and examined by means of oaths, it should be known as a decision by the sacred law.” Positive law, on the other hand, is a decision made based upon the prescriptions. A decision is determined by custom if it is made according to local rules and the customs of the people. A royal decree is “hen kings consider a particular custom to be contrary to equity, in the same way this custom should be annulled by a royal decree.” The punishment of the defeated party is related to the reply of the accused. A defendant who lost the case after delivering a reply by way of denial, exception, or former judgment should pay the disputed amount to the plaintiff and an equal amount to the king. If the defendant wins, the plaintiff should pay a fine twice as high as the amount mentioned in the plaint. In the case of a confession, the defendant pays half the fine he would pay if he had denied the plaint and was defeated. Certain guidelines must be followed in determining the fine for the defeated party. For example, Kātyāyana explains the fines to be given in trials of ordeals: “In case of poison, water, fire, the balance, holy water, rice, and the ordeal by the hot piece of gold, he should inflict fine on the defeated according to the following gradation: a thousand, six hundred, five hundred, four, three, two, and one hundred, and less.”
All these aspects of the trial, including the statements of the plaintiff, defendant, witnesses, and decision-maker, should be written down in great detail in a document called a ‘certificate of the decree’ for future judicial reference.
Overlap with Ācāra.
Occasionally, the realms of ācāra and vyavahāra overlap, such as in the case of the administration of temples. The king is involved in some areas of temple administration. It is part of his duty to punish those interfere with or ruin the property of the temples. This even includes the trees that are on or near holy ground, with a fine of 40 units for cutting off a twig. The king would appoint a , an officer who superintends the temples. In an emergency, this superintendent would gather the wealth of the temples and place it at the disposal of the king, who would presumably repay it. It is also ordained that the king should not deprive temples of their properties. Other details pertaining to the administration of temples deal with the institutions in charge of running the temples, and therefore fall more into the realm of ācāra.

</doc>
<doc id="20570726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570726" title="K-On!">
K-On!

A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by Kyoto Animation aired in Japan between April and June 2009. An additional original video animation (OVA) episode was released in January 2010. A 26-episode second season, titled "K-On!!" (with two exclamation marks), aired in Japan between April and September 2010, with an OVA episode released in March 2011. An animated film based on the series was released in Japan on December 3, 2011. Bandai Entertainment released the first season in North America in 2011, while the second season and film were licensed by Sentai Filmworks. The title of the series comes from the Japanese word for light music, , which in the Japanese context is similar to pop music.
Plot.
In "K-On!", four Japanese high school girls join the light music club of Sakuragoaka Girl's High School to try to save it from being disbanded. However, they are the only members of the club. At first, Yui Hirasawa has no experience playing musical instruments or reading sheet music as she is only familiar with playing the castanets, but she eventually becomes an excellent guitar player. From then on, Yui, along with bassist Mio Akiyama, drummer Ritsu Tainaka, and keyboardist Tsumugi Kotobuki spend their school days practicing, performing, and hanging out together. The club is overseen by music teacher Sawako Yamanaka, who eventually becomes their homeroom teacher as well during their final year of high school. In their second year, the club welcomes another guitarist, underclassman Azusa Nakano. After Azusa joins they gain more structure and begin to practice more.
After their third year, Yui, Ritsu, Mio and Tsumugi graduate and enroll into a university. There they join its light music club alongside three other students: Akira Wada, Ayame Yoshida, and Sachi Hayashi. Meanwhile, Azusa continues to run the high school light music club alongside Yui's sister Ui, their classmate Jun Suzuki, and new members Sumire Saitō and Nao Okuda.
Characters.
The five main characters are members of a band, , which performs the theme songs in the anime. The five main characters of "K-On!" have surnames derived from members of the Japanese band P-Model, and two other characters have surnames derived from members of the Japanese band The Pillows.
Media.
Manga.
"K-On!" began as a four-panel comic-strip manga written and illustrated by Kakifly. The manga was originally serialized in Houbunsha's "Manga Time Kirara" manga magazine between the May 2007 and October 2010 issues, ending on September 9, 2010. The manga also appeared as a guest bimonthly serialization in "Manga Time Kirara"s sister magazine "Manga Time Kirara Carat" starting with the October 2008 issue. The manga relaunched from April 2011 to June 2012 in two separate magazines. Chapters published in "Manga Times Kirara", from the May 2011 issue released on April 8, 2011 to the July 2012 issue released on June 9, 2012, focus on the main cast as they attend college. Chapters published in "Manga Time Kirara Carat", from the June 2011 issue released on April 28, 2011 to the August 2012 issue released on June 28, 2012, focus on Azusa, Ui, and Jun as they continue the light music club.
Four "tankōbon" volumes were released between April 26, 2008 and September 27, 2010. The manga was licensed by Yen Press for English release, with the first volume released in North America on November 30, 2010. The college arc of the second manga run, titled , was released on September 27, 2012, and the high school arc, titled , was released on October 27, 2012. Yen Press have also licensed these volumes in North America. In Indonesia, the series is licensed by Elex Media Komputindo. An anthology entitled , which features several guest strips from various artists, was released in September 2009. An official anthology series, , began sale from November 27, 2009, with five volumes released as of October 12, 2011, and two "Story Anthology Comics" were released on November 26, 2011. An illustration book with official art and fan art from well known dōjin artists was released on January 27, 2010.
Anime.
A 13-episode anime adaptation directed by Naoko Yamada, written by Reiko Yoshida, and produced by Kyoto Animation aired between April 3 and June 26, 2009 on TBS in Japan. The episodes began airing on subsequent networks at later dates which include BS-TBS, MBS, and CBC. The TBS airings are in 4:3 ratio, and the series began airing in widescreen on BS-TBS on April 25, 2009. Seven BD/DVD compilation volumes were released by Pony Canyon between July 29, 2009 and January 20, 2010. An additional original video animation (OVA) episode was released with the final BD/DVD volumes on January 20, 2010. The BD/DVD volumes contained extra short anime titled "Ura-On!".
The series later began airing on Japan's Disney Channel from April 2011. Animax has aired the anime in Hong Kong, Thailand, and Taiwan. Both an English-subtitled and English-dubbed version by Red Angel Media began airing on March 16, 2010 on Animax Asia. At their industry panel at Anime Expo 2010, anime distributor Bandai Entertainment announced that they have acquired "K-On!" for a DVD and Blu-ray Disc release, with Bang Zoom! Entertainment producing an English dub for the show. The series was released over four volumes in standard and limited editions for each format starting on April 26, 2011. Bandai released the full first season on DVD under their "Anime Legends" line on February 7, 2012. Manga Entertainment released the series in the UK in individual DVD volumes during 2011, and in a complete DVD of the first season on April 30, 2012. A planned BD box set release in 2012 was cancelled.
It was displayed on screen at the "Let's Go" live concert in Yokohama, Japan on December 30, 2009 that a second season would be produced. The second season, titled "K-On!!" (with two exclamation marks), aired with 26 episodes on TBS in Japan between April 7 and September 28, 2010. An additional OVA episode was released with the final BD/DVD volumes on March 16, 2011. As with the first season, the BD/DVD volumes contained extra short anime titled "Ura-On!!". This season has also aired on Animax Asia starting October 20, 2010. Sentai Filmworks licensed the second season and released the series on DVD and Blu-ray in two boxsets released on June 19, 2012 and August 28, 2012 respectively. The series continues using the English dub cast from the previous season.
Film.
At the end of the second anime series on September 28, 2010, a film adaptation of "K-On!" was announced. It follows the girls as they travel to England to celebrate their graduation. It was announced during the "K-On!! Come With Me!!" live concert and on the official anime website on February 20, 2011 that the film would be released in Japan on December 3, 2011. It is an original story and was produced by Kyoto Animation with Naoko Yamada as the director. The film features the two songs "Ichiban Ippai" and "Unmei wa Endless" by Aki Toyosaki. The ending theme is "Singing" By Yōko Hikasa. According to Box Office Mojo, the film opened at #2 with a gross of ¥317,287,427 ($4,070,919 USD) from 137 theaters, and has earned a total of ¥1,639,685,078 ($21,419,792 USD) as of February 5, 2012. The film features a London cafe inspired by the Troubadour Cafe in Earl's Court, and "K-On!" fans often visit the cafe. The film was released on BD and DVD on July 18, 2012. Sentai Filmworks released the film on BD/DVD in North America on May 21, 2013. Madman Entertainment will release the film in Australia.
Music.
The first season anime's opening theme is "Cagayake! Girls" by Aki Toyosaki with Yōko Hikasa, Satomi Satō and Minako Kotobuki. The ending theme is "Don't Say 'Lazy'" by Hikasa with Toyosaki, Satō and Kotobuki. The opening and ending theme singles were released on April 22, 2009. A single containing the insert song used in episode six was released on May 20, 2009. A series of character song singles have been released containing songs sung by the voice actresses of the five main characters. The singles for Yui (by Toyosaki) and Mio (by Hikasa) were released on June 17, 2009. The singles for Ritsu (by Satō) and Tsumugi (by Kotobuki) were delayed, but later released together with the single for Azusa (by Ayana Taketatsu) on August 26, 2009. The singles for Ui Hirasawa (by Madoka Yonezawa) and Nodoka Manabe (by Chika Fujitō) were released on October 21, 2009. The anime's original soundtrack, largely composed by Hajime Hyakkoku, was released on June 3, 2009. The four songs highlighted in episode eight of the anime were released on the mini album on July 22, 2009. The single "Maddy Candy" by Sawako's band Death Devil was released on August 12, 2009.
The second season anime's first opening theme is "Go! Go! Maniac" and the first ending theme is "Listen!!"; both songs are sung by Toyosaki, Hikasa, Satō, Kotobuki, and Taketatsu. The singles containing the songs were released on April 28, 2010. From episode 14 onwards, the respective opening and ending themes are "Utauyo!! Miracle" and "No, Thank You!", both by Toyosaki, Hikasa, Satō, Kotobuki, and Taketatsu. The singles containing these songs were released on August 4, 2010. The single "Pure Pure Heart" also sung by Toyosaki, Hikasa, Satō, Kotobuki, and Taketatsu was released on June 2, 2010. Another single, "Love", by Sawako's band Death Devil was released by on June 23, 2010. A single sung by Toyosaki, "Gohan wa Okazu/U&I", was released on September 8, 2010. The composer Bice who wrote the song "Gohan wa Okazu" died on July 26, 2010 of a heart attack. A second set of character song singles were released, starting with the singles for Yui and Mio on September 21, 2010. The show's second album, "Ho-kago Tea Time II", was released on both normal double CD and limited edition that came with a cassette tape on October 27, 2010. The second set of singles for Ritsu, Tsumugi, and Azusa were released on November 17, 2010. The set of singles for Jun (by Yoriko Nagata), Ui (by Yonezawa), and Nodoka (by Fujitō) were released on January 19, 2011. The singles and albums were released by Pony Canyon. The first set of character song singles will be released on vinyl at Canime Summer Festival.
Video games.
A rhythm video game titled , developed by Sega for the PlayStation Portable, was released on September 30, 2010. The gameplay involves the player matching button presses in time with music featured in the anime. The game supports local multiplayer for up to five PSPs. The game features 19 songs from the first anime season and first set of character song CDs. The player can customize the clothing, hair style and accessories of the characters, plus customization of the light music room and Yui's bedroom. There is also a custom track maker. A remastered HD port of the game was released for the PlayStation 3 on June 21, 2012.
An arcade game developed by Atlus, , was released in Japanese arcades in spring 2013. The game features rhythm gameplay and also awards trading cards that can be used to read songs into the game.
Reception.
The first manga volume of "K-On!" was the 30th highest-selling manga volume in Japan for the week of April 27 and May 3, 2009, having sold over 26,500 volumes that week. The following week, the first and second manga volumes were the 19th and 20th highest-selling manga volumes in Japan, having sold 23,200 and 22,500 volumes each the week of May 4 and May 10, 2009. As of May 2009, the first two manga volumes each sold about 136,000 copies each. The third volume sold over 120,000 copies the week of December 14–20, 2009, and became the 46th top-selling manga for the first half of 2010 in Japan (ending May 23), selling over 328,000 copies.
The single for the first anime's opening theme, "Cagayake! Girls", debuted at fourth in the ranking on the Oricon weekly singles chart, selling approximately 62,000 copies. The ending theme "Don't Say 'Lazy'" debuted at second in the ranking, selling 67,000 copies. It was also awarded Best Theme Song at the 2009 (14th) Animation Kobe Awards. Additionally, "Cagayake! Girls" and "Don't Say 'Lazy'" were certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for 250,000 full-track ringtone digital music downloads ("Chaku Uta Full"), respectively. The mini album "Ho-kago Tea Time" debuted at No. 1 on the Oricon weekly CD albums charts selling 67,000 copies, making it the first image song album credited to fictional anime characters that reached the highest position. The second anime's opening theme "Go! Go! Maniac" and ending theme "Listen!!" debuted at No. 1 and No. 2 in their first week of release on the Oricon singles chart, selling over 83,000 and 76,000 copies, respectively. "Go! Go! Maniac" became the first anime image song to ever top the singles chart and the band also became the first female vocalists to occupy the top two spots on the singles chart in 26 years since Seiko Matsuda in 1983. The season's second ending and opening themes, "No, Thank You!" and "Utauyo! Miracle" respectively, sold 87,000 and 85,000 in their first week and ranked at No. 2 and No. 3 in the Oricon charts respectively, only being beaten by SMAP's single, "This is Love". "No, Thank You!" and "Utauyo! Miracle" were certified Gold by the RIAJ in August 2010 for 100,000 copies shipped. The single "Gohan wa Okazu"/"U&I" debuted at No. 3 on the Oricon singles chart, selling 53,000 in its first week. The album "Ho-kago Tea Time II" debuted at No. 1 on the Oricon weekly CD albums charts selling 127,000 copies.
The first Japanese DVD volume of the anime series sold around 8,000 copies to debut seventh in the ranking on the Oricon charts for the week of July 29, 2009. The Blu-ray Disc release of the first volume sold about 33,000 copies in the same week, to top the Oricon BD charts. In August 2009, the first volume of "K-On!" was the top-selling anime television Blu-ray Disc in Japan, having surpassed the previous record holder "Macross Frontier", which sold approximately 22,000 copies of its first volume. It was the second best-selling Blu-ray Disc in Japan, trailing only ', with around 49,000 copies. However, in October 2009, the first volume of "Bakemonogatari" surpassed "K-On!s previous record, having sold 37,000 copies at that time. Later, with the release of "K-On!!" volume 3, total BD sales for the series have outsold "Bakemonogatari". "K-On!" received a Best TV Animation Award at the 2010 Tokyo International Anime Fair. "K-On!!" won the Best Television award at the 2010 (15th) Animation Kobe Awards. Both series have sold a combined total of over 520,000 BD copies as of February 20, 2011. The film has been nominated for the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year.
At the beginning of September 2010, the Kyoto prefectural government began using "K-On!!" to promote the census and encourage people to be counted. Sharp and Bandai have stated that they would jointly launch a calculator with designs of the characters from "K-On!".

</doc>
<doc id="20570735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570735" title="Chile–Italy relations">
Chile–Italy relations

Chile–Italy relations are the bilateral relations between Chile and Italy. The two countries established diplomatic relations in 1864 after Chilean President José Joaquín Pérez recognized the new Italian state. Chile broke relations with Italy (as well as Germany and Japan) on January 20, 1943 but they were reestablished following the end of World War II.
Chile currently has an embassy in Rome and a general consulate in Milan. In late 2010 a bomb exploded at the Chilean embassy, wounding the employee who opened the package in which the bomb was hidden. An employee of the Swiss embassy in Rome was wounded by a similar letter bomb on the same day. The Informal Anarchist Federation claimed responsibility for both attacks.
Italy has an embassy in Santiago.
Both countries are full members of the Latin Union. There are tens of thousands of people of Italian descent living in Chile, also known as Italian Chileans, and one recent study estimated their number at 150,000 including 35,000 Italian citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="20570755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570755" title="Charles Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis">
Charles Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis

Charles Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis of Eye (1632 – 13 April 1673) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1662 when he inherited the peerage as Baron Cornwallis..
Early years.
Cornwallis was born in Culford, Suffolk, the son of Sir Frederick Cornwallis, 1st Baron Cornwallis and his wife Elizabeth Ashburnham, daughter of Sir John Ashburnham and Elizabeth Richardson, 1st Lady Cramond, and was baptised on 19 April 1632. His uncle was John Ashburnham. His paternal grandparents were Sir William Cornwallis and Jane Meautys (died 1 July 1627). Cornwallis's parents lived much of the time in London, his father being a Royalist and an Equerry to Charles I, while his mother was a Lady-in-Waiting to the Queen. 
With his parents busy at Court, Cornwallis and his three siblings were raised at Culford Hall by their grandmother, Lady Jane, who was by then married to her second husband, Sir Nathaniel Bacon. Their home, Culford Hall, had been built by Lady Jane's father-in-law, Sir Nicholas Bacon, 1st Baronet. It is through Lady Jane that Culford Hall eventually passed from Bacon to Frederick, becoming home to the Earls of Cornwallis.
Career.
In April 1660, Cornwallis was elected Member of Parliament for Eye in the Convention Parliament. He was created Knight of the Bath on 23 April 1661. In 1661 he was re-elected MP for Eye in the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1662 when on the death of his father he inherited the peerage. He became J.P. in 1662 and as county magistrate, he was one of the appointees at the assize who oversaw a test of an accused women in the Lowestoft Witch Trial.
Cornwallis died aged 41, and was buried at Culford.
Family.
At age 19, Cornwallis married Margaret Playsted (died 1668), daughter of Sir Thomas Playsted of Arlington, East Sussex. They had eleven children but, as their eldest two sons died young, their son Charles succeeded to the title. He is buried under a monument in St. Mary's Church, Culford. St. Mary's Church was built by their daughter-in-law Elizabeth's father, Sir Stephen Fox.
He was the grandfather of Charles Cornwallis, 4th Baron Cornwallis; the great-grandfather of Charles, Edward, and Frederick Cornwallis; the 2nd great-grandfather of Charles, William, and James Cornwallis; the 3rd great-grandfather of Charles Cornwallis; the 4th great-grandfather of James Mann; the 5th great-grandfather of Fiennes Cornwallis; the 6th great-grandfather of Fiennes Cornwallis, 1st Baron Cornwallis; the 7th great-grandfather of Wykeham Cornwallis, 2nd Baron Cornwallis; and the 8th great-grandfather of Fiennes Cornwallis, 3rd Baron Cornwallis.

</doc>
<doc id="20570759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570759" title="Colombia–Italy relations">
Colombia–Italy relations

Colombia–Italy relations are foreign relations between Colombia and Italy. Colombia has an embassy in Rome and a general consulate in Milan. Italy has an embassy in Bogota and 4 honorary consulates (in Barranquilla, Cali, Cartagena and Medellín).
Both countries are full members of the Latin Union.
Colombian embassy in Rome.
The Embassy of Colombia in Rome is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Colombia to the Italian Republic; it is headed by the Ambassador of Colombia to Italy. It is located in the Flaminio neighbourhood of the Municipio II of Rome, just outside the Aurelian Walls near Piazza del Popolo, Pincian Hill, and Santa Maria dei Miracoli and Santa Maria in Montesanto, precisely at Via Giuseppe Pisanelli, 4
The Embassy is also accredited to the Republic of Albania, Republic of Cyprus, the Hellenic Republic, the Republic of Malta, and the Most Serene Republic of San Marino.

</doc>
<doc id="20570762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570762" title="Attorney General v Blake">
Attorney General v Blake

Attorney General v Blake [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/2000/45.html UKHL 45 is a leading English contract law case on damages for breach of contract. It established that in some circumstances, where ordinary remedies are inadequate, restitutionary damages may be awarded.
Facts.
George Blake was a former member of the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) from 1944 to 1961. For his employment contract, he had signed an Official Secrets Act 1911 declaration to disclose no information about his work. It applied after his employment ceased. In 1951, he became a Soviet agent, thus, being a double agent. He was discovered in 1961 and the British government imprisoned him in Wormwood Scrubs (HM Prison). He escaped in 1966 and fled to the Soviet Union. He wrote a book about it and his secret services work called "No Other Choice". He received a publishing contract for its release in 1989, with Jonathan Cape Ltd. The information in the book was no longer confidential. Blake received advanced payments and was entitled to more. The Crown brought an action for all the profits he made on the book including those that he had not yet received. It argued a restitutionary principle should apply.
Judgment.
Lord Nicholls, Lord Goff of Chieveley, Lord Browne-Wilkinson and Lord Steyn held that in exceptional cases, when the normal remedy is inadequate to compensate for breach of contract, the court can order the defendant to account for all profits. This was an exceptional case. Blake had harmed the public interest. Publication was a further breach of his undertaking of confidentiality. Disclosure of non-confidential information was also a criminal offence under the Official Secrets Act 1911. An absolute rule against disclosure was necessary to ensure that the secret service was able to deal in complete confidence. It was in the Crown’s legitimate interest to ensure Blake did not benefit from revealing state information. The normal contractual remedies of damages, specific performance or injunction were not enough, and the publishers should pay any money owing to Blake to the Crown. Lord Hobhouse dissented. He would have held that since the information was no longer confidential, there could be no misuse of confidential information. Lord Nicholls [84 made the famous statement that "estitution for breach of contract must be accepted in some situations. These situations may never be as exceptional as that which we are passing judgment on today, but notwithstanding this there is no other conclusion the court can reach."

</doc>
<doc id="20570763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570763" title="Cucurbitariaceae">
Cucurbitariaceae

The Cucurbitariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa are widespread in temperate regions and are necrotrophic or saprobic on woody plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20570766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570766" title="Delitschiaceae">
Delitschiaceae

The Delitschiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa are widespread, especially in temperate regions, and are saprobic, often found growing in herbivore dung.

</doc>
<doc id="20570769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570769" title="Diademaceae">
Diademaceae

The Diademaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa are widespread, especially in temperate regions, and are parasitic or saprobic in stem and leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="20570770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570770" title="Lophiostomataceae">
Lophiostomataceae

The Lophiostomataceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, especially in temperate regions, and are saprobic or necrotrophic on herbaceous and woody stems.

</doc>
<doc id="20570776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570776" title="Atta ur Rehman Memon">
Atta ur Rehman Memon

Atta-ur-Rehman Memon or A. R. Memon is a Pakistani electrical engineer and eminent educator of Pakistan. He is a professor of electrical engineering at the Mehran University of Engineering and Technology where he also served as the Vice Chancellor. Currently he is serving there as Director of Student Affairs. He served two tenures in the university. Before holding this position, he was a professor at the Electronics department in the university. During his tenure the university made several changes including controlling student politics, introducing the semester-back system, and getting ISO 2001 certification. After his retirement from the university, he served as Dean of the Faculty of Engineering at Hamdard University in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="20570777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570777" title="Sagda">
Sagda

Sagda is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Sagdidae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Sagda" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20570779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570779" title="Massariaceae">
Massariaceae

The Massariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution, but are better known in more temperate zones. Although the family is poorly known, it has been suggested that they are saprobic in wood and bark, with a few species being weak pathogens.

</doc>
<doc id="20570784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570784" title="Australia–Italy relations">
Australia–Italy relations

Australia–Italy relations are foreign relations between Australia and Italy. Australia has an embassy in Rome and a general consulate in Milan. Italy has an embassy in Canberra, 2 general consulates (in Melbourne and Sydney) and 3 consulates (in Adelaide, Brisbane and Perth). Italy and Australia have for long years, sustained a sturdy and positively friendly relationship in the categories of immigration, political strategism, and commercial trade.
As of 2011 there were around 916,000 people of Italian descent living in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20570809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570809" title="Galoter process">
Galoter process

The Galoter process (also known as TSK, UTT, or SHC; its newest modifications are called Enefit and Petroter) is a shale oil extraction technology for a production of shale oil, a type of synthetic crude oil. In this process, the oil shale is decomposed into shale oil, oil shale gas, and spent residue. A decomposition is caused by mixing raw oil shale with a hot oil shale ash, generated by combustion of carbonaceous residue (semi-coke) in the spent residue. The process was developed in 1950s and it is used commercially for the shale oil production in Estonia. There are projects for further development of this technology and for expansion of its usage, e.g. in Jordan and USA.
History.
Research of the solid heat carrier process for pyrolysis of lignite, peat, and oil shale started in 1944 at the G. M. Krzhizhanovsky Power Engineering Institute of Academy of Sciences of the USSR. At the laboratory scale, the Galoter process was invented and developed in 1945–1946. The process was named Galoter after the research team leader I. Galinker whose name was combined with the word "thermal".
The further research continued in Estonia. A pilot unit with capacity of 2.5 tonnes of oil shale per day was built in Tallinn in 1947. The first Galoter-type commercial scale pilot retorts were built at Kiviõli, Estonia, in 1953 and 1963 (closed in 1963 and 1981 respectively) with capacities of 200 and 500 tonnes of oil shale per day respectively. The Narva Oil Plant, annexed to the Eesti Power Plant and operating two Galoter-type 3000 tonnes per day retorts, was commissioned in Estonia in 1980. These retorts were designed by AtomEnergoProject and developed in cooperation with the Krzhizhanovsky Institute. Started as a pilot plant, the process of converting it to commercial scale plant took about 20 years. During this period, the company has modernized more than 70% of the equipment compared to the initial design.
In 1978, a 12.5-tonnes pilot plant was built in Verkhne-Sinevidnoy, Ukraine. It was used for testing of Lviv–Volinsk lignite, and Carpathian, Kashpir (Russia) and Rotem (Israel) oil shales. In 1996–1997, a test unit was assembled in Tver.
In 2008, Estonian energy company Eesti Energia, an operator of Galoter retorts at the Narva Oil Plant, established a joint venture with the Finnish technology company Outotec called Enefit Outotec Technology to develop and commercialize a modified Galoter process–the Enefit process–which combines the current process with circulating fluidized bed technologies.
Technology.
Galoter retort.
The Galoter process is an above-ground oil-shale retorting technology classified as a hot recycled solids technology. The process uses a horizontal cylindrical rotating kiln-type retort, which is slightly declined. It has similarities with the TOSCO II process.
Before retorting, the oil shale is crushed into fine particles with a size of less than in diameter. The crushed oil shale is dried in the fluidized bed drier (aerofountain drier) by contact with hot gases. After drying and pre-heating to , oil shale particles are separated from gases by cyclonic separation. Oil shale is transported to the mixer chamber, where it is mixed with hot ash of , produced by combustion of spent oil shale in a separate furnace. The ratio of oil shale ash to raw oil shale is 2.8–3:1. The mixture is moved then to the hermetic rotating kiln. When the heat transfers from the hot ash to raw oil shale particles, the pyrolysis (chemical decomposition) begins in oxygen deficit conditions. The temperature of pyrolysis is kept at . Produced oil vapors and gases are cleaned of solids by cyclones and moved to condensation system (rectification column) where shale oil condense and oil shale gas is separated in gaseous form. Spent shale (semi-coke) is transported then to the separate furnace for combustion to produce hot ash. A portion of the hot ash is separated from the furnace gas by cyclones and recycled to the rotary kiln for pyrolysis. The remaining ash is removed from the combustion gas by more cyclones and cooled and removed for disposal by using water. The cleaned hot gas returns to the oil shale dryer.
The Galoter process has high thermal and technological efficiency, and high oil recovery ratio. Oil yield reaches 85–90% of Fischer Assay and retort gas yield accounts for 48 cubic meters per tonne. Oil quality is considered good, but the equipment is sophisticated and capacity is relatively low. This process creates less pollution than internal combustion technologies, as it uses less water, but it still generates carbon dioxide as also carbon disulfide and calcium sulfide.
Enefit process.
Enefit process is a modification of the Galoter process being developed by Enefit Outotec Technology. In this process, the Galoter technology is combined with proven circulating fluidized bed (CFB) combustion technology used in coal-fired power plants and mineral processing. Oil shale particles and hot oil shale ash are mixed in a rotary drum as in the classical Galoter process. The primary modification is the replacing of the Galoter semi-coke furnace with a CFB furnace. The Enefit process also incorporates fluid bed ash cooler and waste heat boiler commonly used in coal-fired boilers to convert waste heat to steam for power generation. Compared to the traditional Galoter, the Enefit process allows complete combustion of carbonaceous residue, improved energy efficiency by maximum utilization of waste heat, and less water use for quenching. According to promoters, the Enefit process has a lower retorting time compare to the classical Galoter process and therefore its has a greater throughput. Avoidance of moving parts in the retorting zones increases their durability.
Commercial use.
Two Galoter retorts built in 1980 are used for oil production by the Narva Oil Plant, a subsidiary of the Estonian energy company Eesti Energia. Both retorts process 125 tonnes per hour of oil shale. The annual shale oil production is 135,000 tonnes and oil shale gas production is . The company is building a new plant employing its newer Enefit process with a processing capacity of 2.26 million tonnes of oil shale per year and producing 290,000 tonnes of shale oil and of oil shale gas. It is planned to become operational by 2012. In addition, Eesti Energia plans to begin construction of similar Enefit plants in Jordan by 2015 and in USA by 2017.
VKG Oil, a subsidiary of Viru Keemia Grupp, constructed a new Galoter retort (Petroter) at Kohtla-Järve that is similar to the two retorts operating at Narva. The basic engineering of the retort was done by Atomenergoproject of Saint Petersburg. The basic engineering of the condensation and distillation plant was done by Rintekno of Finland. The plant has a processing capacity of 1.1 million tonnes of oil shale per year and it produces 100,000 tonnes of shale oil, of oil shale gas, and 150 GWh of steam per year. Operation started in December 2009. The company plans to start construction of the second Petroter plant in 2012.
Saudi Arabian International Corporation for Oil Shale Investment plans to utilize Galoter (UTT-3000) process to build a shale oil plant in Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20570810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570810" title="John Gaisford">
John Gaisford

John Scott Gaisford (born 7 October 1934) was the second Bishop of Beverley, appointed by the Archbishop of York to be a provincial episcopal visitor ("flying bishop") when the Church of England began ordaining women as priests.
Gaisford was educated at Durham University, ordained in 1961 and began his ordained ministry with a curacy at St Hilda's Audenshaw. from 1960 to 1962. Following this he was curate at St Michael and All Angels in Bramhall, Cheshire until 1965 when he became vicar of St Andrew’s Crewe and was Rural Dean of Nantwich from 1974 until 1985 and then Archdeacon of Macclesfield until 1994. He retired in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20570815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570815" title="Black Peak, Šar Mountains">
Black Peak, Šar Mountains

Black Peak (, Serbian Cyrillic and ) is a peak of the Šar Mountains located in Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia. Black Peak stands at 2,536m above sea level. The famous Brezovica ski resort is situated close to the peak.
Notes and references.
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20570840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570840" title="FGV Brasília">
FGV Brasília

FGV Brasília is a Brazilian private higher education institution established in 1978 and linked to the Fundação Getúlio Vargas. It is the only institution of FGV located outise the Rio de Janeiro-São Paulo axis. The FGV Center in Brasília develops strict graduate programs in various areas of knowledge. It also designs and develops in-company corporate education programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20570844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570844" title="Henry Frederick Stephenson">
Henry Frederick Stephenson

Admiral Sir Henry Frederick Stephenson GCVO, KCB (7 June 1842 – 16 December 1919) was a Royal Navy officer, courtier, and Arctic explorer.
Early life and career.
Stephenson was the son of Henry Frederick Stephenson MP (20 September 1790 – 30 July 1858) and Lady Mary Keppel.
On 18 December 1855 Stephenson joined the Royal Navy, becoming a Naval Cadet in HMS "St Jean d'Acre", commanded by his uncle Henry Keppel, and serving in the Black Sea during the Crimean War. From September 1856 to April 1857 Stephenson served under Keppel as a cadet in HMS "Raleigh", serving in the East Indies and China during the Second Anglo-Chinese War, until his ship wrecked near Macau when it struck an uncharted rock. All the crew were saved. In June 1857 he served as a Midshipman in HMS "Pearl", serving with "Pearl"'s Naval Brigade during the Indian Mutiny of 1857, during which he was Mentioned in Despatches three times. In June 1861 he was promoted lieutenant in HMS "Emerald", serving in the Channel Squadron. 
On 30 March 1866 Stephenson was the lieutenant-in-command of HMS "Heron", serving in North America and the West Indies, and becoming the commanding officer of a gun-boat on the Canadian lakes during the Fenian raids of 1866. From 18 January 1867 to 26 April 1868 he served as a lieutenant in HMS "Rodney", commanded by Algernon C. F. Heneage, the flagship of Vice-Admiral Henry Keppel, serving in China. Following the death of Commander John T. Swann, Keppel promoted Stephenson to commander on 26 April 1868; the promotion was confirmed by the Admiralty on 7 July 1868. From September 1868 to August 1871 he served in HMS "Rattler" and HMS "Iron Duke", serving in the Far East, and later in HMS "Caledonia" in the Mediterranean During this period he also served in the Royal Yacht "Victoria and Albert". Promoted to captain on 6 January 1875, from 15 April 1875 he commanded HMS "Discovery" for the British Arctic Expedition of 1875–6, led by George Strong Nares in HMS "Alert", as a result he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) (in the Civil Division) on 9 December 1876. He was appointed Equerry-in-waiting to the Prince of Wales (later Edward VII of the United Kingdom) on 5 July 1878 he held this post from time to time until 4 April 1893, when he was appointed an Extra Equerry. On 15 September 1880 he became captain of HMS "Carysfort". He participated in the recapture of Ismaïlia, and was awarded the 3rd Class Order of Osmanieh by the Khedive of Egypt in 1883. He was appointed Aide-de-camp to the Queen on 1 January 1888. He was additionally appointed CB in the military division on 23 May 1889.
Later career.
On 4 August 1890 Stephenson was promoted rear admiral, serving as Commander-in-Chief of the Pacific Station from 4 May 1893 to 19 June 1896. He was promoted vice admiral on 10 October 1896, serving from 7 June 1897 to 20 December 1898 as Commander-in-Chief of the Channel Squadron. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) on 22 June 1897 during the celebrations of Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, he flew his flag from during the Spithead Naval Review marking the Jubilee on 26 June 1897. On the accession of Edward the VII, he became an Extra Naval Equerry, he was promoted admiral on 7 December 1901, and from 28 March 1902 to 1904 he was the First and Principal Naval Aide-de-Camp to King Edward VII. He retired on 16 September 1904 with the rank of admiral.
Stephenson was appointed Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) on 9 November 1902. On 24 July 1904 Stephenson was appointed Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod. In this capacity he served at a number of important state occasions, such as the State Opening of Parliament, the Coronation of George V, the investiture of the then Prince of Wales (later Edward VIII of the United Kingdom) as a Knight of the Garter in 1911. He was appointed an Extra Equerry to George V of the United Kingdom on 10 June 1910.
Family.
He married the Hon. Charlotte Elizabeth Eleanor Fraser on 5 December 1903. She died in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20570856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570856" title="Melanommataceae">
Melanommataceae

The Melanommataceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa are widespread in temperate and subtropical regions, and are saprobic on wood and bark.

</doc>
<doc id="20570861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570861" title="Sing!">
Sing!

Sing! is a 2001 American short documentary film about the Los Angeles Children's Chorus, directed by Freida Lee Mock. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20570870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570870" title="Attorney General v Guardian Newspapers Ltd">
Attorney General v Guardian Newspapers Ltd

Attorney General v Observer Ltd is an important English tort law case on breach of confidentiality. It also raised questions of the interests of public policy and freedom of expression under the European Convention on Human Rights because it involved a spy's publication of secret information.
Facts.
Peter Wright worked for MI5. After retiring he wrote a book called "Spycatcher", describing his work. This was in breach of the Official Secrets Act 1911. It was published in Australia and the US. "The Observer" and "The Guardian" published articles on proceedings in the Australian courts by the UK government to stop the publication. The Attorney General then sought and received an interlocutory injunction restraining publication of information obtained by Wright in June 1986. In July 1987 the "Sunday Times" published extracts from the book two days before its publication in the US. The Attorney General sought and was given injunctions to restrain further publication. But Scott J discharged them, holding the paper was liable to account for profits resulting from the publication. The Court of Appeal dismissed the Attorney General's appeal, and he appealed again to the House of Lords.
Judgment.
Lord Keith of Kinkel, Lord Brightman, Lord Griffiths, Lord Goff of Chieveley and Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle upheld the Attorney General's appeal, finding that the "Sunday Times" publication was in breach of its duty of confidence. That could arise both in contract and equity. A duty of confidence precludes disclosure to others, and a third party (like a newspaper) with confidential information is similarly bound by a duty if they know it is confidential. This was true unless the duty was known to the general public, or was outweighed by a counterveiling public interest.
The Attorney General had to show that disclosure was contrary to the public interest. Because "Spycatcher" was already published worldwide, the injunctions were not necessary. The articles in the "Observer" and "Guardian" contained no damaging information, meaning no breach of confidentiality. But the "Sunday Times" was in breach of its duty of confidence. It was not protected by a defence of prior publication, and the fact that the story was to be published imminently in the US made no difference. It was therefore liable for the profits it made. However no further injunctions were to be granted on this matter.
In the course of the decision, Lord Goff stated the common law principle that "England everybody is free to do anything, subject only to the provisions of the law".

</doc>
<doc id="20570893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570893" title="Montagnulaceae">
Montagnulaceae

The Montagnulaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.

</doc>
<doc id="20570923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570923" title="Italy–Uruguay relations">
Italy–Uruguay relations

Italian–Uruguay relations are foreign relations between Italy and Uruguay.
Italy has an embassy in Montevideo and 4 honorary consulates (in Colonia, Montevideo and Paysandú). Uruguay has an embassy in Rome, a general consulate in Milan and 4 honorary consulates (in Bologna, Genoa, Livorno and Venice).
History.
The diplomatic relations between both countries have a long history, even before Italy got unified: the Kingdom of Sardinia already had a consular representative in Montevideo back in 1834.
Italy has played an important role in Uruguay’s history for centuries: the first settler in Montevideo, Juan Burgues (actually Giovanni Borghese) came from Italy. Thousands of Italian immigrants came to Uruguay in the second half of the 19th century and first decades of the 20th. Nowadays almost 1 Uruguayan in 2 has Italian ancestry.
During the late decades an inverted migratory flow has taken place: as thousands of Uruguayans have Italian passport, many have decided to emigrate to Italy in search of opportunities.
Both countries are full members of the Latin Union and the United Nations.
There is an Italian Chamber of Commerce in Montevideo.
Official visits.
The strong relations between Italy and Uruguay are further strengthened by official visits. On 1 March 1985, when Julio María Sanguinetti assumed office, the Italian Prime Minister Bettino Craxi attended the inauguration.
In May 2013, the Uruguayan President José Mujica made an official visit to Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20570936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570936" title="Mytilinidiaceae">
Mytilinidiaceae

The Mytilinidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Mytilinidiales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, especially in temperate zones, and are usually saprobic on woody tissue, especially gymnosperms.

</doc>
<doc id="20570943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570943" title="Texas International Airlines Flight 655">
Texas International Airlines Flight 655

Texas International Airlines Flight 655, registration N94230, was a Convair 600 en route from Memphis, Tennessee, to Dallas, Texas via Pine Bluff, Arkansas; El Dorado, Arkansas; and Texarkana, Texas, that crashed into Black Fork Mountain, Arkansas, on the night of September 27, 1973. The eight passengers and three crewmembers on board were killed.
Events.
While the plane was on the ground in El Dorado the crew consulted with Flight Service Station staff and another set of pilots about a line of thunderstorms 35 nautical miles (40 mi; 65 km) to the west. After confirming there was a 15-nm (17 mi; 28 km) wide break in the storm the crew departed at night under visual flight rules (VFR). After departing El Dorado no contact was made with any controllers en route. When the plane was overdue at Texarkana search and rescue was notified. Despite an extensive search along the proposed route of flight no wreckage was found. A controller at the Fort Worth air traffic control center advised the searchers that he had observed an unidentified VFR target departing El Dorado to the northwest before the plane went missing. With this information the wreckage was found after three days of searching. There were no survivors.
The cockpit voice recorder later revealed the first officer was flying the plane while the captain advised him of headings and altitudes to take to navigate around the storm. The captain deviated the plane 100 nm (115 mi; 185 km) to the north in an attempt to go around it. The first officer expressed concern that he did not know their position and what the terrain clearance was for the area. After the captain ordered him to descend to 2,000 feet (610 m) he consulted an en route instrument chart. He alerted the captain they were too low saying, "Minimum en route altitude here is forty-four hun . . ." At that point the recorder cut off as the plane struck Black Fork Mountain.
The National Transportation Safety Board investigation concluded that the crew did not discuss the details of their intended route with Flight Service or activate the instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan forwarded from the airline dispatch to Flight Service. If they had been operating under instrument flight rules they would have been tracked by radar or required to make position reports to air traffic control en route. Under VFR they would only need to maintain contact with a controller while in controlled airspace. In this area of rural Arkansas there was no controlled airspace below 18,000 feet (5,486 m). Further, according to Federal Aviation Regulations the airline dispatcher should have been notified the flight was proceeding under VFR. The captain also could have contacted controllers in Fort Worth to open their flight plan or receive radar vectoring in the area.
From the conversation of the crew on the recorder the board concluded the flight encountered instrument weather conditions during the flight and was likely in instrument weather conditions when it crashed. The board concluded that the cause of the accident was the captains decision to continue flying into instrument weather at night, his not taking advantage of the nearby navigational aids to get a fix on their position, and his decision to descend despite the first officers concerns about position and terrain.
In the coming years, FAA regulations pertaining to commercial flights would require that all airliners operate only on instrument flight plans when passengers are carried. This rule has undoubtedly contributed much to the safety of airline travel, as flights under those rules specify altitudes and routes that must be followed and that have been predetermined to provide terrain clearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20570984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570984" title="Manitoba Colleges Athletic Conference">
Manitoba Colleges Athletic Conference

Manitoba Colleges Athletic Conference, previously known as the Central Plains Athletic Conference, is an organization of college athletics in southern Manitoba, Canada and Minnesota. 
Manitoba Colleges Athletic Conference sports include men's and women's hockey, soccer, volleyball, and basketball as well as tournament sports such as golf, badminton, indoor soccer, and table tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="20570993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570993" title="Israel–Italy relations">
Israel–Italy relations

Israel–Italy relations comprise the foreign relations between Israel and Italy.
History.
Relations between Italy and Israel remain strong, with frequent diplomatic exchanges and a large volume of trade. The Israeli Government has followed with great attention the fight against international terrorism pursued by the Italian Government (also in the European arena: the decision of Riva del Garda to insert Hamas in the European list of organizations considered as terrorist). It has also been appreciated what the Italian Presidency has done in the framework of the United Nations on the Middle Eastern issues. Israel also welcomed the coherent and firm line of conduct, in contrasting the emergence of antisemitism in every possible form taken by the Italian government.
Italian culture enjoys a very high standing among Israelis, who frequently visit Italy for education, work, tourism, and scientific and artistic exchanges. In the last ten years 105 books of Italian authors were translated from Italian to Hebrew. A strong community of Italqim who have made aliyah to Israel have strengthened cultural ties and promoted Italian culture in the country. The Italian Cultural Institute recently initiated and organized a series of activities in the Cultural Center of the Jews of Libyan origin in Or Yehuda, where recently a course of the Italian language has been launched.
The Italian Embassy and the Italian Cultural Institute recently stimulated the creation of a Friends of Italy association which consists of more than 15,000 people. In 2004 the negotiations for the new triennial protocol (2004–2007) of the Bilateral Accord in the Cultural Sector in force as of November 1971. The Italian Cultural Institute operates in Israel as of 1960 with its principal office at Tel Aviv and a separate section in Haifa. The Italian language is being taught in various centers around the country. The total number of students studying in centers under the direct control of the Italian Cultural Institute on 2004 reached 1500, in 150 courses with 30 teachers. If the Dante Alighieri Society courses are considered, the figure reaches 2500 students.
Recently, the possibility of introducing the teaching of the Italian language in various high schools and academic institutes has been successfully negotiated. For the academic year 2005-2006 the Italian Cultural Institute in Tel Aviv opened three academic courses of Italian Culture and Language at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya. Italian is taught in four of the seven universities in Israel, and Israeli students study medicine, law, science, politics, architecture, and art at Italian universities.

</doc>
<doc id="20570996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570996" title="Pearl's Naval Brigade">
Pearl's Naval Brigade

Pearl's Naval Brigade was formed on 11 September 1857 when 175 officers and men of Royal Navy ship formed a Naval Brigade which operated ashore during the Indian Mutiny with the Gurkhas and Sikhs providing artillery support. The Brigade engaged in numerous actions against the rebel forces and most notably in the campaign that led to the Relief of Lucknow. They fought alongside a similar Brigade formed by the crew of , which landed a considerable force of mobile guns and rifle companies, while "Pearl's Naval Brigade" deployed mostly rifle companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20570997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570997" title="Phaeosphaeriaceae">
Phaeosphaeriaceae

The Phaeosphaeriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Species in the family have a cosmopolitan distribution, and are generally nectrotrophic or saprobic on a wide range of plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20570998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20570998" title="Todd Cochran">
Todd Cochran

Todd Cochran, later Bayete and Umbra Zindiko is a prolific American pianist, keyboard and synthesizer player. He released two albums on Prestige Records in 1972 and 1973.
He was also a member of Fuse One, a coalition of jazz musicians who released two albums on CTI Records in 1980 and 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20571009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571009" title="Italy–Japan relations">
Italy–Japan relations

The relations between Italy and Japan span from the 16th century to the present day. Italy has an embassy in Tokyo and Japan has an embassy in Rome. Italy and Japan have very friendly relations in large part due to the fact that they were allied in all wars in which both participated.

</doc>
<doc id="20571014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571014" title="Phaeotrichaceae">
Phaeotrichaceae

The Phaeotrichaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a widespread distribution and are saprobic, on herbivore dung.

</doc>
<doc id="20571025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571025" title="Maiya Williams">
Maiya Williams

Maiya Williams (born December 18, 1962 in Corvallis, Oregon) is an American author, television producer, and screenwriter.
Early life.
The daughter of a forester, Williams grew up in New Haven, Connecticut and Berkeley, California. She attended Berkeley High School, and graduated from Harvard College in 1984 where she was the first African-American officer of "The Harvard Lampoon".
Career.
Williams has written and produced various television series including "Roc", "Amen", "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air", "The Wayans Bros.", "MAD TV", "Rugrats", "Futurama" and "The Haunted Hathaways".
Williams wrote her first book for children, "The Golden Hour", in 2004. A time travel adventure set in the French Revolution, it was followed by "The Hour of the Cobra" (2006), set in ancient Egypt, and "The Hour of the Outlaw" (2007), set in nineteenth century California. "The Fizzy Whiz Kid: The Rise and Fall of a Hollywood Nobody", a contemporary cautionary tale about fame, was published in 2010. Her most recent book is "Middle School Cool" (2014).
Personal life.
Williams lives in Pacific Palisades with TV writer Patric M. Verrone, their children, and dog.

</doc>
<doc id="20571030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571030" title="Kurt Vespermann">
Kurt Vespermann

Kurt Vespermann (May 1, 1887– July 13, 1957) was a German stage and film actor.
Career.
Vespermann was born into an actor's family in Culmsee, West Prussia, Imperial Germany today Chełmża, Poland. Already his Great-Grandparents were actors and directors at different Operas and Theaters. Vespermann began his career in 1913 at the Royal Schauspielhaus Berlin and started to appear in Silent movies in 1915.
Kurt Vespermann was married to actress Lia Eibenschütz and was the father of actor Gerd Vespermann.
Vespermann died in 1957 and was buried at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedächtnis" cemetery in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20571031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571031" title="Leslie Griffith">
Leslie Griffith

Leslie Griffith is a writer and journalist who began her career in the newspaper business for the Associated Press and The Denver Post. She spent the next 25 years as a television journalist including as news anchor at KTVU.
For 22 years Griffith was a general assignment reporter and main anchor for the Original Ten O'clock News on KTVU in the San Francisco Bay area. For nine of those years she was sole anchor of the weekend news. On her 25th birthday, she was in Moscow reporting on the cold war.
Since leaving KTVU in 2006 she has written for many online publications, including The Huffington Post, and the "San Francisco Chronicle"
In 2005 she developed the Leslie R. Griffith Woman of Courage Scholarship to help young women.
She had a small part as a TV Anchor in the 1999 movie, "True Crime".
She lives in Berkeley, California and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20571036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571036" title="Guillermo Kalbreyer">
Guillermo Kalbreyer

Wilhelm (Guillermo) Kalbreyer (1847–1912) was a German plant collector who was sent by James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London to collect new plants in West Africa and South America.
According to Hortus Veitchii, the Veitch family history: "Guillermo Kalbreyer, a promising young man, twenty-nine years of age, entered Messrs. Veitch's service as a plant-collector in 1876, and his first trip was to the West Coast of Africa in search of tropical flowering and foliage plants, very popular at that time."
West Africa.
Kalbreyer set off from Liverpool in November 1876 and arrived at the island of Fernando Po in the Gulf of Guinea on Christmas Eve before travelling on to Victoria in Cameroon a week later. His travels took him into neighbouring southern Nigeria, including exploring the coastal areas around Calabar and Bonny, as well as the Cameroon mountains and the Sanaga River basin. At that time travelling in the region was difficult, and, owing to the hostility of native traders, foreigners were unable to penetrate far into the country.
Whilst in Victoria, Kalbreyer met Rev. George Thomson, a Baptist missionary and amateur plant collector, who assisted him on his plant gathering expeditions.
In July 1877, after suffering from frequent attacks of malaria, Kalbreyer's health deteriorated and he returned to England, bringing with him a small collection of plants and seeds, including "Adenorandia kalbreyeri" (originally known as ""Gardenia kalbreyeri""), five species of "Mussaenda" (a flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family) and two new orchids: "Brachycorythis kalbreyeri", a terrestrial species named by Reichenbach after its discoverer, and "Pachystoma thomsonianum", an epiphyte, named, at Kalbreyer's request, in honour of George Thomson. He also brought back seeds of "Pararistolochia promissa" which were successfully grown at Chelsea – this was described by Masters as, "one of the most extraordinary members of an extraordinary genus." The flowers extend into three tails, which sometimes reach a length of 2 feet.
Colombia.
Following the disappointment of Kalbreyer's first expedition, Harry Veitch decided to send Kalbreyer to Colombia ""where the climate is delightful on the highlands and mountain-slopes, though in the lowlands and along the coast almost as hot as in parts of Africa"". Kalbreyer departed in October 1877 and collected in the Eastern Cordillera near Ocaña, where he mostly collected various species of "Odontoglossum", including "Odontoglossum nobile" and "0. spectatissimum".
In February 1878 he left Ocaña to return to England, travelling down the Magdalena River to the coast at Barranquilla. Because of the low state of the river, the passage to the coast was difficult and the journey (normally from seven to ten days) required nearly a month. Kalbreyer finally arrived in England at the end of April, by when more than half his collection was unusable.
He returned to Ocaña in July 1878, and he again proceeded to the Eastern Cordillera, through the towns of San Pedro, Salazar and Pamplona. Once again, he collected some extraordinary forms of "Odontoglossum" including "0. tripudians", "0. crocidipterum" and the rare "0. blandum" together with related species such as "Oncidium hastilabium" and " Otoglossum chiriquense". After sending several consignments of orchids back to Chelsea, Kalbreyer returned to England, bringing with him a large collection of orchids. Kalbreyer was described as a ""particularly conscientious collector"" who always wrote lengthy reports on the habitats of the plants he collected. He was praised for his" "judicious packing and careful superintendence of the transport"" of the scarce "Odontoglossum blandum" which all arrived at Chelsea in good condition.
In September 1879, he again left England for Colombia, on this occasion travelling down the Magdalena River to the Central and Western Cordillera, and as far west as the Atrato River. According to the account in Hortus Veitchii, ""passing from the water-shed of the Atrato to the plains, he was particularly struck by the richness of the vegetation"", especially the luxuriant palm trees, of which he collected specimens of more than 100 species. Here he also collected samples of the giant arum, "Anthurium veitchii", with leaves over six feet in length, which had been discovered by a previous Veitch employee, Gustav Wallis in 1874. On this expedition, Kalbreyer travelled throughout the province of Antioquia passing through the towns of Rionegro, Medellín, Santa Fe de Antioquia, Sopetrán, Frontino, Amalfi, Concordia and many others – en route, he collected more orchids, including "Odontoglossum sceptrum", "Miltonia vexillaria", "Cattleya aurea", "Phragmipedium longifolium", "P. schlimii" alba, and several species of "Masdevallia".
After sending several consignments of orchids to Chelsea, Kalbreyer returned to England in September 1880, bringing with him many living plants and some 360 species of dried ferns, including eighteen new discoveries. These were described by John Gilbert Baker in the Journal of Botany for July 1881.
Kalbreyer's last journey as a plant-collector commenced in December 1880; on this occasion he again proceeded to Ocaña, where he arrived in January 1881, quickly sending home a further consignment of orchids. Leaving Ocaña at the end of the month, he went southwards to Cundinamarca and to Bogotá, on the high plains of the Eastern Cordillera. In this neighbourhood he collected more orchids, especially "Odontoglossum crispum", which he brought safely to England in June 1881.
Following his return to England in 1881, his engagement with Veitch ended, and after a short stay he returned to Colombia, where he set up business in Bogotá as a nurseryman and exporter of orchids continuing to send interesting finds back to the Veitch Nurseries.
Honours.
Many plant species have been named after Kalbreyer, including:
The palm genus, "Kalbreyera", was named after Kalbreyer but the only species in the genus has now been re-classified as "Geonoma triandra" (Burret) Wess.Boer.
The small genus of Acanthus, "Kalbreyeriella" (Lindau) , found in Colombia and Ecuador also bears Kalbreyer's name.

</doc>
<doc id="20571048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571048" title="Italy–South Korea relations">
Italy–South Korea relations

Italy–South Korea relations are foreign relations between Italy and South Korea. Both countries established diplomatic relations on June 26, 1884. During the Korean War, Italy sent medical staff to help South Korea. 
Italy has an embassy in Seoul. South Korea has an embassy in Rome.
Trade.
Trade is sizable between the two nations, according to 2006 figures:

</doc>
<doc id="20571054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571054" title="Dad Hale">
Dad Hale

Ray Luther "Dad" Hale (February 18, 1880 – February 1, 1946) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Hale played for the Boston Beaneaters and the Baltimore Orioles in . In 11 career games, he had a 1–4 record, with 8 games started and a 5.90 ERA. 
Hale was born and died in Allegan, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20571063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571063" title="Chapeltown riots">
Chapeltown riots

The Chapeltown riots can refer to three different riots in the area of Chapeltown in Leeds. These being:

</doc>
<doc id="20571070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571070" title="Ralf Klessen">
Ralf Klessen

Ralf S. Klessen (born 18 February 1968) is a German astronomer. He is a professor of theoretical astrophysics at the Institute of Theoretical Astrophysics, part of the Center for Astronomy at the University of Heidelberg, Germany, and
is currently the Managing Director of the Institute, as well as a Deputy Director of the Center for Astronomy.
He is an expert in the areas of star formation and dwarf galaxies. 
In 2002, he was winner of the Ludwig Biermann Award of the German Astronomical Society in recognition of his work on star formation in turbulent gas.

</doc>
<doc id="20571071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571071" title="Pleomassariaceae">
Pleomassariaceae

The Pleomassariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a widespread distribution in both temperate and tropical regions, and are saprobic or necrotrophic on wood, bark, and other herbaceous material.

</doc>
<doc id="20571074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571074" title="Klaberjass">
Klaberjass

Klaberjass or Bela is a widespread international trick-taking card game that is most popular in Jewish communities. In its basic form it is a 9-card trick-and-draw game for two players using a 32-card piquet pack.
As in other point-trick games of the King–Queen group, players can score points for the "marriage" ("bela") of king and queen of trumps. The distinguishing feature of Klaberjass is that the jack ("Yass") and nine ("Menel") of trumps are elevated to the highest ranks and highest card point scores.
The game appears to originate from the Low Countries or the Alsace region. An early form was first described in an 1821 Dutch book under a name that translates as "Jewish Jass", "Jass" being Dutch for "Jack". Klaberjass has spawned the Jack–Nine family of card games, which consists mostly of four-player elaborations of the original game. In addition to the Dutch and Swiss national card games Klaverjas and Jass, the group contains Belote, which is the most popular game in countries such as France, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Saudi Arabia.
Deck.
The game is played with a French-suited Piquet deck, perhaps best known from the German game Skat. It consists of the ranks A 10 K Q J 9 8 7. In trumps, the jack ("Yass") and the 9 ("Menel") become the two highest ranking cards. So, trump is ranked J 9 A 10 K Q 8 7. The 7 of trumps ("dix") also plays a special role.
Game structure.
The overall structure of the game is similar to that of Piquet, but with more weight given to trick-play than to melding. The game begins by one player undertaking to make more points than the opponent. If that player wins, both players will score their points, otherwise only the opponent will score. Both players' hands are then completed to 9 cards. In the melding phase, players get a chance to quickly make a substantial number of points, but will automatically provide information to the opponent if they try to make use of that. In trick-play the cards have very unequal point values. Whenever otherwise allowed by the normal trick-play rules, players are obliged to win a trick with a trump.
Rules.
Each player receives 6 cards in batches of 3, and another card is turned up to determine the preferred trump suit. Now players in turn get the chance to take the deal, i.e. bet to make more points than the opponent, with the preferred trump suit. If both pass, they in turn may choose to take the deal with a freely chosen trump suit. If both players pass again, the deal is aborted and the other player deals. Once this phase is completed successfully, both players' hands are completed to 9 cards.
In addition to the initial turn-up card, a second card is turned face up to give further information. If the trump suit is as determined by the (first) turn-up card, a player who holds the seven of trumps ("dix") may exchange it with the (first) turn-up card. This must be done before melding.
In the melding phase, one of the players may meld any number of sequences of 3 or 4 cards in suit for 20 or 50 points, respectively. (For melding purposes the natural order of cards is used, and in particular tens rank between nines and jacks.) The player who holds the longest, highest-ranking such sequence is allowed to meld. This player is determined by a protocol that minimizes the information given to the opponent.
The melding phase happens simultaneously with the first trick. Elder hand leads a card to the first trick, and optionally announces "20" or "50". Dealer responds with "good" to let this stand or with "not good" if he or she can top that. If necessary, dealer asks "how many cards?", "how high?", "in trumps?" until it is established whose meld is better. At the end of the first trick, the player who won the right to meld shows the cards of the winning combination and optionally another combination that will also be scored.
At this point each player knows the precise locations of 11 of the 32 cards (the player's own hand plus the two face-up cards) and may have gleaned additional information from the opponent's melding behaviour. The melding player has revealed additional information to the other player, and if a player exchanged the dix this has also given the opponent information.
Ranks and point values of cards are as shown in the table.
In trick-play, a player who cannot follow suit must trump if possible, and any trump lead must be overtrumped. A player who holds both king and queen of trumps may score 20 for the marriage ("bela") when playing out the second of these cards. For this it is necessary to announce "bela" when playing out the first of these cards, and "from the bela" when playing the second. The winner of the last trick scores 10 points.
At the end of the deal, for each player any points accrued for melds, bela and last trick are added to the card points in tricks taken to make the player's combined points. However, for a player who has won no tricks at all, only marriages but not melds factor into the combined points.
If the player who took the deal has made more combined points than the opponent, both players simply score their combined points. In the opposite case the opponent scores the sum of the points made by both. In case of a tie, the player who took the deal scores only their own combined points and the opponent scores nothing.
The first player who has a total score of 500 points or more at the end of a deal wins the game.
Three-handed play.
Although this is not very common, the game can readily be adapted to three players. The following version was reported from Scotland.
All players play separately, and the player who takes the deal must win more than "each" of the other players, not more than both opponents combined. If a plain suit lead has been trumped by the second player and the third player also cannot follow suit, then the third player is obliged to overtrump if possible or otherwise play a lower trump if possible.
History and naming.
According to David Parlett, this "popular and widespread two-hander has so many names, mostly variations on the same one, that it is hard to know which is best for universal recognition. Klaberjass is probably closest to the original." He lists the alternative names as "Clob, Clobby, Clobiosh, Klob, Kalabrisasz, Bela, Cinq Cents, Zensa". Other sources also list "Klabberjass, Senserln, Clobyosh, Kalabrias, Klab, Clabber, Clobber, Clubby".

</doc>
<doc id="20571077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571077" title="Gardens of Alsace">
Gardens of Alsace

The gardens of Alsace listed and described below are the most outstanding among those gardens in Bas-Rhin and Haut-Rhin in the French region of Alsace that are classified as "Jardins Remarquables", "Remarkable Gardens of France", by the French Ministry of Culture and the Comité des Parcs et Jardins de France.

</doc>
<doc id="20571094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571094" title="Why Can't We Be a Family Again?">
Why Can't We Be a Family Again?

"Why Can't We Be a Family Again?" is a 2002 American short documentary film directed by Murray Nossel about two African American brothers in Brooklyn struggling to reunite with their mother, a recovering drug addict. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20571096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571096" title="Upper Defsko Lake">
Upper Defsko Lake

Upper Defsko Lake (; , "Gornje Defsko jezero") is a mountain lake situated on the Šar Mountains on an altitude of above sea level in Kosovo. A small stream originates from Upper Defsko Lake and flows south to join with the Radika river.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20571100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571100" title="Journey 2001">
Journey 2001

Journey 2001 is the first live DVD by the American rock band Journey, released in 2001. It is also the only live DVD to feature Steve Augeri on lead vocals, who replaced longtime singer Steve Perry in 1998 with the song "Remember Me" on the . It features footage of a concert recorded in December of 2000, in Las Vegas, Nevada. The setlist was primarily old songs from the band's history, as well as two new songs from the then-upcoming album "Arrival", which was released later in 2001. Kevin Shirley produced and mixed the audio tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20571105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571105" title="Sporormiaceae">
Sporormiaceae

The Sporormiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution and are saprobic on dung (coprophilous) and rotting vegetation.
Description.
The Sporormiaceae are characterized by having dark brown, septate spores with germ slits.

</doc>
<doc id="20571110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571110" title="Oussama Assaidi">
Oussama Assaidi

Oussama Assaidi (born 15 August 1988) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a winger for Stoke City on loan from Liverpool and the Moroccan national team.
Assaidi began his career in the Netherlands with AZ Alkmaar. After failing to earn a contract with AZ he played with second tier club FC Omniworld and then De Graafschap before joining Heerenveen in 2009. His performances at the Abe Lenstra Stadion earned him international recognition with Morocco and also attracted the attentions of bigger European clubs. Assaidi signed with English Premier League side Liverpool in August 2012 for a fee of £2.4 million. However he struggled to break into the first team at Anfield and joined Stoke City on loan for the 2013–14 season.
Club career.
Early career.
Assaidi was born in Beni-Boughafer before his family moved to Amsterdam. He began his career with the AZ Alkmaar academy where he spent three years before leaving in 2006 to begin his professional career at Omniworld in the Eerste Divisie. After two seasons with the club from Almere, where he scored 3 goals in 36 games, he moved to De Graafschap to play in the Eredivisie, the top flight of Dutch football in the summer of 2008. Assaidi spent just one year with the club, before moving to SC Heerenveen on the last day of the transfer window. The move was seen as surprising because Heerenveen had said that they were not planning to buy any new players, but the performance of Assaidi at the beginning of the 2009–10 Eredivisie, scoring five goals in five games, meant that an exception was made to bring Assaidi to the club.
SC Heerenveen.
Assaidi made his debut for SC Heerenveen in a 1–0 loss at home to arch-rivals FC Groningen, where he came on in the 71st minute as a substitute for Paulo Henrique. He also scored his first goal for Heerenveen in the second round of the KNVB Cup, in a 7–0 away win against SDC Putten. After coming off the bench in the next three league games, Assaidi was given his first place in the starting line-up for in an away match against Willem II, which Heerenveen lost 4–1. Assaidi's first league goal for Heerenveen came in a 3–1 defeat to Heracles Almelo, which was also the first game where he played the full 90 minutes for the club. Assaidi lost his starting place towards the end of the season, with only 2 starts in the last 14 games of the season. It was during this period that Assaidi received the first red card of his career in an away match against Roda JC Kerkrade, after just 9 minutes.
Under new manager Ron Jans, Assaidi became a key figure in the side. With 2 goals against his old club De Graafschap and Vitesse, combined with 2 assists against De Graafschap and NAC Breda, Assaidi was responsible for 4 goals in the first 6 games, the same amount of goals that he created in his whole previous season. Assaidi had his best month in November 2010, when he scored in a 2–0 win against Excelsior, and delivered 2 assists against Heracles Almelo (3–2), 1 against Feyenoord (2–2) and 2 against Willem II (5–0). In December, Assaidi displayed a Man of the Match-performance in a home match against defending champions FC Twente, where, despite an ankle injury, Assaidi led Heerenveen to a crushing 6–2 win over the champions by scoring the first hat-trick of his career, whilst also delivering 2 assists and winning a penalty. After the match, he was applauded for his performance by Jans, who said that Assaidi deserved a "10 out of 10 for his play". His performances would later be rewarded with a first international call-up by Moroccan team coach Erik Gerets for a friendly against Niger.
Liverpool.
On 17 August 2012, Premier League side Liverpool agreed a deal to sign Assaidi for an undisclosed fee thought to be in the region of £2.4m. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hailed the deal, saying that he was "delighted", and described Assaidi as "an exciting player...that will excite the crowd". He made his debut on 20 September against Young Boys in a 5–3 Europa League win, before registering an assist in a 2–1 win over West Bromwich Albion in the League Cup six days later. Due to impressive performances from young fellow wingers Raheem Sterling and Suso, Assaidi failed to break through to Liverpool's regular starting line-up making 12 appearances in 2012–13 of which four were in the league.
Loan to Stoke City.
On 27 August 2013 Assaidi joined Stoke City on loan for the 2013–14 season. Speaking after joining Stoke Assaidi revealed that he turned down other Premier League clubs after he held positive talks with manager Mark Hughes. He made his debut for Stoke in a 3–1 victory over Walsall in the League Cup on 31 August 2013. He played in the next round of the League Cup Tranmere Rovers after coming on as a 61st-minute substitute, he provided an assist for Peter Crouch to secure a 2–0 victory. He made his Premier League debut for Stoke on 5 October 2013, coming on as a 63rd-minute substitute in a 1–0 defeat against Fulham.
Assaidi scored his first goal for Stoke in a League Cup match against Birmingham City on 29 October 2013. On 7 December 2013 Assaidi scored the winning goal in a 3–2 victory against Chelsea, which was Stoke's first league win over the Blues since 1975. Assaidi scored a similar goal against Newcastle United on 26 December 2013 and also found the net against Everton on 1 January 2014. On 20 February 2014 it was revealed that Assaidi suffered ligament damage during a club training camp in Dubai, ruling him out for up to six weeks.
International career.
Assaidi was eligible to play for both The Netherlands or Morocco. His first invitation for a senior team came in February 2011, when the national team coach of Morocco, Erik Gerets, called him up for Morocco's friendly match against Niger. Assaidi made his debut in Morocco's 4–0 win over Niger, coming on as a substitute in the 77th minute for Adel Taarabt. However, since it was a friendly, Assaidi was still eligible to play for the Netherlands. He announced on 14 February 2011, that his choice for Morocco was definite. Oussama was called up against for Morocco's qualification match for the 2012 African Cup of Nations against Algeria. The match was played on 27 March 2011. Assaidi came on as a substitute in the 89th minute of the match, meaning that his services on international level became exclusive to Morocco, however he could not prevent his home nation losing 1–0 against the Algerians.
Assaidi received another call-up for the 4th group match on 4 June, again facing Algeria, but this time in Marrakech. In a 4–3–3 formation, Assaidi was given a place in the starting line-up on the right wing. Morocco cruised to a 4–0 win, with Assaidi scoring his first international goal as well. The result meant that Morocco would take the lead in the group, giving them a good chance to qualify for the Africa Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20571119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571119" title="Teichosporaceae">
Teichosporaceae

The Teichosporaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales.

</doc>
<doc id="20571127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571127" title="Bruno China">
Bruno China

Bruno Manuel Rodrigues Silva, commonly known as Bruno China (born 5 August 1982 in Matosinhos), is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses in the Portuguese first division, as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
China, a youth product of Leixões SC, participated in the side's promotion from the third division into the first. He made his top flight debut on 18 August 2007, on the first day of the season against S.L. Benfica (1–1 home draw), and only missed one game as the Matosinhos side retained its league status.
In late August 2009, after extensive negotiations, China moved to Spain's RCD Mallorca on a three-year contract, even though the Balearic Islands side's manager, Gregorio Manzano, opposed his signing. He made his La Liga debut on 13 September, playing the last five minutes of a 1–1 draw at Villarreal CF, and appeared rarely throughout the season as the club finished fifth and qualified for the UEFA Europa League.
In mid-August 2010 China was released from contract, returning to his country with Rio Ave FC. He continued competing in the main category in the following years, representing Académica de Coimbra and C.F. Os Belenenses.

</doc>
<doc id="20571138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571138" title="Bill Mellor">
Bill Mellor

William Harpin (Bill) Mellor (June 6, 1874 – November 5, 1940) was a Major League Baseball first baseman. Mellor played for the Baltimore Orioles in . In 10 career games, he had 13 hits in 36 at-bats, with 5 RBIs. He batted and threw right-handed. Mellor attended both Brown University and the University of Virginia.
Mellor was born in Camden, New Jersey and died in Bridgeton, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20571139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571139" title="Testudinaceae">
Testudinaceae

The Testudinaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, especially in xeric habitats, and are mostly saprobic.

</doc>
<doc id="20571144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571144" title="Rolando Garibotti">
Rolando Garibotti

Rolando Garibotti (born in Bari, Italy) is an Argentinian and American professional climber, writer and mountain guide from Bariloche, Argentina, who now resides in Boulder, Colorado
Awards.
In April 2009 the Italian government recognized his sporting achievements by awarding him with the title of Cavaliere dell'Ordine della Stella della solidarietà italiana.
Mountaineering commitments.
Rolando Garibotti has gathered over a dozen trail workers, climbers and park employees to rebuild some of the most degraded trails in Los Glaciares National Park, in Patagonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20571148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571148" title="Durham Liber Vitae">
Durham Liber Vitae

The Durham "Liber Vitae" is a confraternity book produced in north-eastern England in the Middle Ages. It records the names of visitors to the church of the bishopric of Durham, and its predecessor sees at Lindisfarne and Chester-le-Street. In England it is the oldest book of this type, although it is paralleled by later English confraternity books, most notably the New Minster "Liber Vitae".
Original Anglo-Saxon "Liber Vitae".
The text was originally of the 9th century, but was continually supplemented thereafter by entries made in the 10th century and later.
The 9th-century core constitutes folios 15—45, with folio 47. It is generally believed by scholars that it was produced in the church of Lindisfarne, though Monkwearmouth-Jarrow monasteries have also been suggested. This had been composed "c". 840. It has been damaged over time, and the original binding is now lost. It consisted of parchment sheets on which were written lists of names, followed by blank sections for future additions.
The book was at Durham by the later 11th century, as indicated by the list of Durham monks on folio 45 from the episcopate of Ranulf Flambard. Later additions to the early core were made to folios 24r, 36r, 44v and 45r.
High and Later Middle Ages.
It was reorganised in the third quarter of the 12th century, and it is likely that many of the names originally there did not survive. The form it attained at that point appears to be the one it kept until the 15th century, although it was continually updated with new entries. After 1300 very few names were added to the original core.
The "Liber Vitae" is currently in the British Library, where it is classified as BL, MS Cotton Domitian vii. The manuscript itself is 205 x 142 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="20571154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571154" title="Palmas Airport">
Palmas Airport

Palmas–Brigadeiro Lysias Rodrigues Airport is the airport serving Palmas, Brazil. The airport is named after Lysias Augusto Rodrigues (1896-1957), a military figure, crucial to the integration of Tocantins to Brazil via the passenger air services of the Brazilian Air Force.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
The airport was inaugurated on October 5, 2001. It has an area of 23,739,952.00m² enough to future expansions, as needed. The terminal has 12,300m² and a capacity for 370,000 passengers/year.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Palmas, from Taquaralto, and from Taquaruçu.

</doc>
<doc id="20571157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571157" title="The Shooting of Dan McGoo">
The Shooting of Dan McGoo

The Shooting of Dan McGoo is a cartoon directed by Tex Avery. It starred Frank Graham as the Wolf. Both Avery and Bill Thompson voiced the lead character Droopy. Bea Benaderet did the speaking voice of Lou, while her singing was provided by Imogene Lynn. The cartoon was edited for a 1951 re-release, removing two cigarette-related gags from the film (as well as the original opening titles).
Plot.
This starts off as an adaptation of Robert W. Service's poem in spoof of "The Shooting of Dan McGrew," complete with a literal depiction of a man with one foot in the grave, but when Dan McGoo turns out to be Droopy, it turns into another Droopy-versus-the Wolf/Wolf-goes-ape-for-the-girl gagfest.
The story begins in Coldernell, Alaska - Population 320 and getting smaller—a wild, rough town where gold is king and gambling, drinking and shooting each other are the major activities. Droopy is Dangerous Dan McGoo, a lone gambler, whose only love is the girl they call "Lou", played by Red (from "Red Hot Riding Hood").
The wolf drags himself into the Malamute Saloon from the 50-below cold and immediately pays for "drinks on the house".
In a gag, the wolf wants a drink of whiskey (Old Panther). After he chugs it down, the film shows his stomach being blasted from the drink. His eyes go red, and smoke comes out of his ears. He flies around the room and comes back to the bar. Leaning over to the bartender, he complains, "This stuff's been cut!"
As always, the wolf falls for Lou and tries to drag her off, when "The lights went out! A woman screamed and two guns blazed in the dark!" And when the lights go back up, Droopy is victorious, which makes one wonder why the picture is called "The Shooting of Dan McGoo" since he isn't the one getting shot!

</doc>
<doc id="20571162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571162" title="SCR-197">
SCR-197

The SCR-197 was a ground mobile high frequency radio station used by the United States military prior to and during World War II, notably during the Battle of Wake Island in 1941.
Specifications.
The SCR-197 mobile station consisted of the BC-325 radio transmitter with a frequency coverage of 1.5 to 18 Mhz and an RF power output of 400 watts. Radio receivers consisted of three BC-342 and one Hallicrafters S-20R "Sky Champion". Also provisioned was a BC-119 control box. The complete set was housed in a K-18 truck and K-19 trailer combination. A 45 foot vertical antenna was used for sending and a 15 foot whip used for receiving. Power could be optionally supplied by power mains or portable generator units: one PTO driven GN-42-A generator for the transmitter and two small PE-75 skid mounted units for the receivers. The SCR-197 set was later replaced by the SCR-299.

</doc>
<doc id="20571171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571171" title="ITV Wales &amp; West">
ITV Wales &amp; West

ITV Wales and West, previously known as Harlech Television refers to the Independent Television franchise area until 31 December 2013, licensed to a broadcaster by the regulator Ofcom.
There is no channel, past or present, named "ITV Wales and West". The licence relates to a 'dual region', meaning that the franchise area was divided into two regions, each of which must be served by distinct and separate ITV programme services as more fully defined within the licence. Today, those services are known as ITV Cymru Wales and ITV West Country (since ITV West and ITV Westcountry merged into a single region). They are provided by ITV plc which owns and operates the two services through its subsidiary ITV Broadcasting Ltd. Between 1968 and 2002, the two services were branded HTV Wales and HTV West as they were operated by HTV Group for most of that period. HTV continued to be the named licensee until 29 December 2006 when the legal names of the HTV companies were changed to ITV Wales & West Ltd and ITV Wales & West Group Ltd. Each of these companies is, along with most other regional companies owned by ITV plc, listed on www.companieshouse.gov.uk as a "Dormant company". HTV's identity was completely removed on-screen in the years following the creation of a single ITV brand (along with those of Carlton, LWT and later GMTV). Other regions have kept their original company name as a region name and in their local news name. As HTV's legal name was also changed, the HTV identity no longer exists in any form. 
From January 2014, the dual-region licence was split in two, with ITV Cymru Wales for Wales and ITV West Country for South West England. Both licences remain held by ITV Broadcasting Ltd and the legal names of the former HTV companies have not yet been changed again. 
History.
HTV (Harlech Television) was awarded its contract by the Independent Television Authority which apparently felt that the incumbent TWW, being corporately-based in London, was too distant from the area it served and that Harlech, jointly based in Bristol and Cardiff, would serve the area better. TWW were bitterly disappointed to lose the franchise and declined an opportunity created by the ITA to purchase shares in the winning company. Subsequently, TWW pulled out of its franchise five months early, selling the remaining air-time to Harlech which provided an unbranded emergency service prior to their formal launch.
Initially, the station used the name Harlech Television (after the head of the company, Lord Harlech), but from the introduction of colour in 1970 this was dropped in favour of HTV, which was simpler and largely ended concerns that the name "Harlech" was only associated with the Welsh part of the dual region.
Welsh actor Richard Burton and his wife Elizabeth Taylor, then two of the most famous people in the world, were both directors of HTV at its launch.
In Wales, there was an additional requirement to provide a quota of programmes in the Welsh language. HTV West was successful in producing high quality children's TV series, often sold internationally. It established the 'HTV Junior Drama Workshop' in Bristol, which auditioned and trained young actors and from which it cast roles for both its own productions, and other companies seeking young talent. "Arthur of the Britons" (a historic adventure series), "Children of the Stones" (a supernatural thriller shot amid the famous stone circle at Avebury in Wiltshire) and "Robin of Sherwood" were all very popular wherever they were shown. In addition to network and locally produced programming, HTV also broadcast imported output and was the first British broadcaster to air "Sesame Street" as part of an IBA pilot in 1971 (the programme had been rejected by the BBC). HTV Wales produced far less drama output, though they were contracted to make the ten-part "Return to Treasure Island" for The Disney Channel in 1985.
In 1982, the new Welsh language channel S4C was launched and the increased need for programmes in the medium of Welsh encouraged an expansion of HTV's resources. HTV also began to supply local commercial playout for both S4C and the new Channel 4, which at that time carried regional advertising. The Pontcanna premises could not be expanded sufficiently to accommodate the increased studio production and so a new studio complex was constructed at Culverhouse Cross on the western outskirts of Cardiff, eventually going live in 1984. Further technical innovation was implemented in 1988 when HTV became the first UK broadcaster to install Sony Library Management Systems which allowed the automated playout of cassette tapes. Three LMS machines were installed, one each to play transmission tapes into the Wales and West services The third was used for commercials playout and compilation for S4C and Channel 4. HTV also launched a new "Night Club" service at this time.
Due to delays in signing its licence agreement in the franchise renewals of 1991, Westcountry Television contracted with HTV to provide its Presentation Facilities and this service made use of the third LMS machine, fitted with updated VTRs. The service launched on 1 January 1993.
During the same 1991 ITV franchise round, the ITC at first considered disqualifying the HTV bid on business plan grounds, but it was ultimately allowed to proceed. HTV won with a bid of £20,500,000, beating three other companies Merlin; 'C3WW; C3W. Due to the size of the bid for the franchise, the company had to make considerable savings in order to cover the increased cost of the license.
The company made a £5 million loss for the first six months of its license in 1993, following a cut in the levy paid to the Government. Draconian cost cutting measures took effect - including a wage freeze, the cancellation of annual bonus payments and further substantial job cuts, beyond the staffing levels cuts which had already halved staff numbers to 460. The station was also rebranded replacing the long-serving Aerial logo and phasing out the use of in-vision continuity.
In 1994, HTV finally cleared its £19 million debt when Flextech brought a 20% stake in the company for £27 million Flextech passed on its 20% stake in HTV to Scottish Television in September 1995 as part of its deal to gain a larger stake in Scottish Television. The deal heightened speculation of a potential merger between HTV and STV, which never materialised.
In October 1996, United News and Media agreed to buy Scottish Television's 20% stake in the company, ending Carlton's interest about a buyout. HTV and United began talks shortly after the sale aimed at sharing production services and facilities. United was quoted at the time to have "no intention of bidding for the whole company" but within six months, on 28 June 1997, HTV was taken over fully by United News and Media plc (now United Business Media plc) for £370 million.
In 2000, Granada plc bought United's television interests, but at the time competition regulations limited the extent to which one company could control the ITV network, and were consequently forced to give up one of its ITV franchises. This resulted in a break-up of HTV, whereby its broadcast facilities and Channel 3 broadcast licence (and hence its advertising revenues) were sold to Carlton Communications plc, owners of Carlton Television, whilst the majority of production facilities were retained by Granada. Unlike Carlton's other ITV acquisitions, which were rebranded to use the Carlton name on screen, HTV's identity was retained on-air until 27 October 2002 when the 'ITV1' brand was introduced to most of the network.
Granada and Carlton were subsequently permitted to merge in 2004 to form the single company ITV plc, which now owns all of the ITV franchises in England and Wales. HTV Ltd was renamed ITV Wales & West Ltd on 29 December 2006, alongside HTV Group Ltd, which was renamed ITV Wales & West Group Ltd. On 11 December 2008, the broadcast licence was transferred from ITV Wales & West Group Ltd to ITV Broadcasting Limited, the company now responsible for all regional franchises in England, Wales, southern Scotland. 
In 2009, as part of plans to reduce ITV's regional news service to save costs, ITV West's regional news service was merged with that of ITV Westcountry to form ITV West Country. The new programme, "ITV News West Country" is broadcast from Bristol.
Studios.
The company originally operated production studios in Cardiff at Pontcanna and Bristol at Brislington. Presentation, Transmission and back-office staff were based largely in Cardiff. In the 1980s the company acquired studio facilities in north Wales at Theatre Clwyd near the town of Mold.
In 1984, HTV opened a new £14 million television centre at Culverhouse Cross, Cardiff to replace the original one at Pontcanna. Transmission continued to originate from Pontcanna until 1988, when this transferred to the new centre. In addition to providing playout for HTV Wales, the new centre would, from 1 January 1993, also provide transmission of South West England franchise Westcountry Television. The property eventually passed to United Business Media (then United News and Media) following the takeover of HTV by the group in 1997. However, while HTV changed hands twice more, UBM continued to own the Culverhouse Cross buildings and associated land. ITV plc acquired the site on 10 April 2006 for £18.7m, and have since sought to redevelop the property. The largest production studio at Culverhouse Cross has been leased to third party operators since the early 1990s. In an interview with the Western Mail, the head of news and programmes, Phil Henfrey, confirmed ITV Wales would decide whether to stay at the site or re-locate to new, smaller premises in another part of Cardiff. On 21 August 2013, it was announced that ITV Wales would leave Culverhouse Cross by June 2014 and move into a new facility on the ground floor of 3 Assembly Square, located next to the Welsh Assembly in Cardiff Bay.
In Bristol, HTV were based at Television Centre in Bath Road, which they took over from TWW. ITV plc continue to have operations in the city and today, the Bristol headquarters are home to ITV West Country's news programme "ITV News West Country". ITV have however since sold the building to Cube Real Estate, a commercial property developer, which has refurbished the interior of the building. While ITV West Country maintains office space and a single ground floor studio, the other floors are available to rent as office space. The property is marketed as 'Bath Road Studios'.
During July 2013, planning permission was deferred by the local council.
Transmitters.
The Wales and West franchise area operated by TWW was originally confined to the West (comprising Bristol, Somerset, Wiltshire and parts of Gloucestershire and Dorset) and south east Wales (broadly as far west as Swansea) and served by a single main VHF transmitter located at St Hilary. TWW later acquired the use of VHF transmitters covering much of the remainder of Wales from WWN (Wales West and North). An additional VHF transmitter (channel 7) was eventually installed at St Hilary in 1965 to carry programmes specifically for Wales, allowing the separation of Wales and West services. However, St Hilary was never used as part of the replacement UHF network and TV transmission from it ceased when VHF services were switched off in 1985. The mast continues to be used for communications and radio broadcasting.
The UHF transmitter network was designed to replicate the separation of programme services to Wales and the West achieved with the VHF network it replaced. HTV's UHF services were transmitted by the following main transmitters and their relays: Llanddona, Moel-y-Parc, Long Mountain, Blaenplwyf, Preseli, Carmel, Kilvey*, Pontypool*, Wenvoe and Mendip, with Mendip serving the HTV West region and the rest serving the HTV Wales region.
(Kilvey and Pontypool were classed as 'relays' prior to Digital transmission as they were not 'line-fed').
Prior to Digital broadcasting, the transmitter distribution system continued to permit the sub-grouping of west and north Wales, echoing the historic VHF regional configuration. However, it was not particularly useful for programme purposes but sometimes exploited for the transmission commercials.
The transmitter network has remained substantially the same for Digital broadcasting of ITV Cymru Wales and ITV West.
Identity.
Harlech's first ident in 1968 featured two words 'Harlech' spinning in opposite ways and which eventually met up to form one word. This design would have been clearly seen to viewers of the service then, however viewers today would have encountered lots of black lines and a barely noticeable 'Harlech'. This is due to the fact that the ident was designed for 405-line television system used at the time, and due to the use of 625-line UHF system, the ident appears differently on sets that receive the 625-line transmission.
When colour broadcasting commenced in 1970, a new logo was unveiled. Due to criticism from viewers in the West of England, concerning the bias towards Wales that Harlech presented, the new logo featured the letters 'HTV'. The symbol created, named "The Aerial", featured the letters HTV in such a way that it looks like a television aerial – the logo went onto become HTV's longest serving identity, surviving until December 1992. The aerial would animate on through use of lines, accompanied by the same jingle as used before. The white logo on blue background was seen plain when both Wales and the West received the programme, but would otherwise have the region name included. For the west, this was 'West' at the top of the logo between the 'H' and 'V', whereas for Wales, the caption "Cymru Wales" was placed at the bottom of the logo, as a reference that Welsh programming was still shown on the channel.
Following the launch of S4C in 1982, all Welsh language programming was transferred to the new service, and the Wales ident was amended so that the caption 'Wales' was displayed at the top of the logo. These idents continued until 1987, when the idents were dropped in favour of an updated computer generated sequence. This time, blocks flew out of a large suspended blue surface and landed to form the HTV aerial logo on a dark blue background.
HTV adopted the first ITV generic look in September 1989, and it was their slanted 'H; that appeared in their regional section of the ITV logo. Despite the video sequence being the same, there were three variations of the ident, all featuring a different lower caption; HTV, HTV Wales and HTV West. In addition, HTV also made their own variation where the HTV logo remained on-screen the whole time. All these idents were dropped on Thursday 31 December 1992.
In their place, a new HTV logo was designed and unveiled on Friday 1 January 1993, featuring an upright, but stylised HTV, with two triangles for the 'V' section. Originally this logo was seen as a translucent blue logo moving back onto a multi-coloured blue background accompanied by an ambient tune. This was later changed to a more upbeat tune, ending in a more noticeable crescendo. This ident package marked the end of specific idents for Wales and the West, as all of the idents that followed used the single HTV brand, though separate continuity for the two services, albeit now out of vision, was retained.
The ident was re-altered in 1995, to include small triangles which grew and combined to form the triangular 'V' and the remainder of the HTV logo. The accompanying music was stronger than its predecessor, and the colours were warmer than previous, with a gold HTV and a changing blue, green background. Around this time, a large number of specialised idents were introduced – such as variations on the main sequence, specific genre idents and a special presentation package to mark HTV's 30th anniversary in 1998.
On 8 March 1999, HTV introduced its last in-house presentation package, featuring the camera panning over the HTV logo in dark blue against a bright yellow background and accompanied by 2 remixes to its predecessor (although the tune from the previous ident was used on some occasions). However, nine months later, HTV, as part of UNM, adopted the second ITV generic look based on the theme of 'Hearts'. However, when UNM was merged into Granada, the broadcasting arm of HTV was sold to Carlton to comply with competition laws. As a result, from 2 July 2001 HTV part adopted Carlton's star branding. The resultant idents featured Carlton's 'Star' opening films, before the screen flashed white, drawing back to become the 'V' in the HTV logo against the spinning hearts background as used previously.
When Granada and Carlton introduced national ITV1 branding to all stations in England and Wales on 28 October 2002, the HTV channel identity ceased to be used for presentation. It was replaced by the on-screen name ITV1 Wales and ITV1 West of England. ITV1 Wales still used a variation of the generic theme, with the name "Wales" consistently present under the ITV1 logo. ITV1 West of England's regional identity was gradually phased out from 2002 onward. Originally, prior to regional programming, an ident featuring the celebrity package was used, with an ITV1 logo placed above a small "West of England" caption to the left of the screen. In 2004, the regional idents changed to four coloured cubes are seen dotted around a regional scene, with an ITV1 logo and "ITV1 for the West of England" caption in the bottom right corner. This was replaced in October 2004 by a national ident, consisting of three small ITV cubes above a large '1' cube, with the caption "West" below. This was one of the last idents for ITV West, as regional idents were abandoned soon after, with the exception of Wales. The HTV brand was retained for local News programmes until Granada and Carlton merged on 2 February 2004 to create ITV plc. The Carlton name appeared on endboards from 2001 until 2004, when it was replaced by a generic "ITV Wales" or "ITV West" endboard.
Programmes.
Current programming.
ITV Cymru Wales produces around six hours a week of national news, current affairs and features programming in English – its flagship programme "ITV News Cymru Wales" broadcasts each weeknight at 6pm with shorter bulletins throughout the day and during the weekend. 
The news service is supplemented by regular current affairs programmes including "Newsweek Wales" on Sunday lunchtimes, the long-running investigative series "Wales This Week" on Monday evenings and political review "Sharp End" on Thursday nights. Several feature series also broadcast throughout the year – including consumer affairs programme "The Ferret", interview series "Face to Face" and sports chat show "In Touch". Since 1982, ITV Cymru Wales has also produced Welsh language programming for S4C – in the fields of current affairs, features and entertainment.
ITV West's regional programming is confined to news and current affairs as part of the non-franchise ITV West Country service. "ITV News West Country" includes a 20-minute opt out for the ITV West region within its 6pm programme on weeknights, alongside separate daytime, late night and weekend bulletins. A political programme, "The West Country at Westminster" is also broadcast on a monthly basis with other non-news content featured during the 6pm edition of "ITV News West Country".
Past programming.
Children's programmes<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20571178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571178" title="Zopfiaceae">
Zopfiaceae

The Zopfiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a widespread distribution, and appear to be saprobic, found largely on rhizomes and roots. Some species are found in marine environments.

</doc>
<doc id="20571183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571183" title="Ernst Wilhelm Wolf">
Ernst Wilhelm Wolf

Ernst Wilhelm Wolf (baptised 25 February 1735 – 29 or 30 November 1792) was a German composer. 
Life.
Wolf was born in Grossen Behringen in Thuringia, today part of the Hörselberg-Hainich municipality. His elder brother Ernst Friedrich was a composer and organist who studied under Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel. Ernst Wilhelm's musical talent manifested itself early, and already by age nine he was a skilled harpsichordist, particularly apt at figured bass realization. Wolf attended gymnasiums at Eisenach and at Gotha, where he became a choir prefect. It was in Gotha that Wolf first heard the music of Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Carl Heinrich Graun; he was particularly fascinated with Bach's work. The admiration was mutual: a performance of some of Wolf's compositions in 1752 drew praise from Bach. Wolf and Bach's friendship lasted throughout their lives; Wolf helped collect subscriptions for Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach's "für Kenner und Liebhaber" (for Connoisseurs and Amateurs) works (piano sonatas and rondos).
Following his brother's advice, in 1755 Wolf entered the University of Jena. There he became the director of the "collegium musicum", for which he composed a number of works. After three years he moved to Leipzig in 1758, and then to Naumburg, where he worked as music teacher for the von Ponickau family. Wolf later decided to journey to Italy, but ended up settling in Weimar, where he spent the rest of his life. He first worked as music teacher to Duchess Anna Amalia's sons, then became court Konzertmeister (1761), organist (1763) and finally Kapellmeister (1772). In 1770 Wolf married Maria Carolina Benda (1742–1820), daughter of the famous Bohemian violinist and composer Franz Benda. At one point an offer was made to Wolf by Frederick II of Prussia to succeed Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, but Wolf declined, possibly at Anna Amalia's instigation. In his later years Wolf's activity slowed down, and he became increasingly depressed. After a stroke, Wolf's health started deteriorating, and died in late 1792.
Wolf's reputation during his lifetime was very high already from the earliest years, when he was a child prodigy. It further increased after his sojourns in Gotha, Jena, and Leipzig, partly through the efforts of Johann Friedrich Doles, the most important practitioner of Protestant church music in late 18th-century Germany, and Johann Adam Hiller, composer and writer on music. Wolf's music was known far beyond Weimar and his writings were acclaimed by experts (even though Wolf wrote primarily for amateurs).
Works.
The most important part of Wolf's surviving oeuvre is his instrumental music. He composed at least thirty-five symphonies, of which twenty-six survive, some twenty-five harpsichord/piano concertos, more than 60 keyboard sonatas, and numerous chamber works, including string quartets, piano quintets, and other music. Stylistically these works are close to those of the composers of the Mannheim school. Particularly interesting are the harpsichord sonatas, which reflect the influence of C.P.E. Bach, and generally use more forward-looking structures. Like Bach and older masters, Wolf advocated studying counterpoint, and recommended Johann Sebastian Bach's preludes and fugues to his students; however, his views went out of fashion in late 18th century.
Wolf also produced a great number of stage and sacred works. For the Weimar court, he composed some 20 Singspiele, influenced by Johann Adam Hiller's style. Although these works are not as advanced as his instrumental music, some include very progressive passages in the vein of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Wolf's sacred music shows influence of C.P.E. Bach and Carl Heinrich Graun.

</doc>
<doc id="20571190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571190" title="Richard Mills Smith">
Richard Mills Smith

Richard Mills "Rick" Smith (born 1946) is an American editor and journalist who has served as Editor-in-Chief, CEO and Chairman of the "Newsweek" magazine.
Life and career.
Smith graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Albion College in 1968, attended Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs and received an M.S. from Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 1970.
Smith joined "Newsweek" in 1970, soon rising to Asian Editor and Hong Kong Bureau Chief. He became editor of all international editions in 1978 and Editor-in-Chief in 1984. He was promoted to President in 1984 and CEO in 1991. From 1998 to 2011, he was Chairman of "Newsweek".
Smith served as Chairman of the Magazine Publishers of America and as a Board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors. In 2002, he received the Henry Johnson Fisher Award for Lifetime Achievement. 
His wife is medical anthropologist Dr. Soon-Young Yoon.

</doc>
<doc id="20571192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571192" title="Asylum (2003 film)">
Asylum (2003 film)

Asylum is a 2003 American short documentary film directed by Sandy McLeod. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20571211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571211" title="Gene Layden">
Gene Layden

Eugene Francis (Gene) Layden (March 14, 1894 – December 12, 1984) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Layden played for the New York Yankees in . In three career games, he had two hits in seven at-bats, with two RBIs. He batted and threw left-handed.
Layden was born and died in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20571238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571238" title="Richard M. Smith">
Richard M. Smith

Richard M. Smith was an American from Mineral Point, Wisconsin who in 1856 spent a one-year term as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Iowa County, Wisconsin. He served as Chairman of the Committee on Railways. He was succeeded by Republican Thomas Allen, also of Mineral Point.

</doc>
<doc id="20571243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571243" title="HMS Hind">
HMS Hind

Eighteen ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Hind":

</doc>
<doc id="20571257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571257" title="Awesome Color">
Awesome Color

Awesome Color was a power trio formed in Brooklyn in 2004. They disbanded in 2010.
History.
The band was formed by Michigan natives Michael Troutman (aka Michael Awesome), Allison Busch (aka Allison Awesome), and Derek Stanton (aka Derek Awesome) in Brooklyn, New York, in 2004. Inspired by Detroit garage rock, they came to the attention of Thurston Moore, who signed the band to his Ecstatic Peace label. 
They released a self-titled debut album in 2006, which was followed by a second album, "Electric Aborigines" in 2008, both released by Ecstatic Peace. (Vinyl editions for both albums were released by American Dust.) The first album drew comparisons with the Stooges (with "Stylus Magazine" going as far as saying "there are times when you could play "Fun House" and this album back-to-back and not be able to tell the difference between the two") as did "Electric Aborigines", although this album expanded the band's sound and drew comparisons with The Scientists and Spacemen 3. The band were described by "Rolling Stone" as sounding like "a grimier version of Sonic Youth". In 2007, the song ¨Hat Energy¨ from the album Awesome Color appeared in the film I Know Who Killed Me, starring Lindsay Lohan. After the second album, the band toured the world in support of Sonic Youth and Dinosaur Jr. during 2008. They recorded and released Massa Hypnos on April 6, 2010. They toured to promote it with Tyvek and Hair Police. They announced via myspace.com that they had broken up with a quote saying "AC 2005-2010".
In early 2008, the band released a video for the single "Eyes of Light" directed by The Wilderness

</doc>
<doc id="20571261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571261" title="A Little More Love (Olivia Newton-John song)">
A Little More Love (Olivia Newton-John song)

A Little More Love was lead single by English-born Australian pop singer Olivia Newton-John 1978 album "Totally Hot". It was a worldwide Top 10 hit single, peaked at #4 in UK and #3 in US, during the winter of 1978-79. "Billboard" magazine ranked it as the 17th most popular song of 1979.
The song appeared on 2006 animated horror/comedy film "Monster House".

</doc>
<doc id="20571276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571276" title="Samuel Frederick Henry Thompson">
Samuel Frederick Henry Thompson

Captain Samuel Frederick Henry "Siffy" Thompson MC DFC was a World War I two-seater fighter ace who, in conjunction with his observer-gunners, was credited with 30 victories ( 18 destroyed, 12 'out of control'). He was shot down and killed in action on 27 September 1918. Despite having an active fighter career of only five months, he reached the rank of Captain and won two British military decorations.
Early life.
Thompson was born to Samuel W. Thompson, a medical practitioner, and his wife Florence in Bow, London in 1890. Already a temporary second lieutenant in the Army Service Corps, he transferred to the Royal Flying Corps on 7 June 1917 at the age of 27, and was appointed a flying officer.
Service.
After joining No. 20 Squadron in late 1917, Thompson's career started somewhat awkwardly, as he crashed his aircraft on 27 October, after which he was transferred to No. 22 Squadron.
His aircraft of choice was the Bristol F.2b, with which he scored his first victory, an Albatros D.V, east of Merville, France on 22 April 1918, as a member of No. 22 Squadron.
An extremely aggressive pilot, in May 1918 he scored 9 victories, including three Pfalz D.III aircraft around 10am on 16 May, near Douai. Also notable was his downing of two more D.IIIs on 21 May, south-west of Vitry-en-Artois.
June 1918 was also fruitful for Thompson, as he scored 8 victories mostly in the aircraft C929 (a Bristol F.2b). At Erquinghem-le-Sec on 1 June, he downed an Albatros C.III in addition to an Albatros D.V, and the next day (2 June) he got another two victories near Lens, Pas-de-Calais, this time two Pfalz D.IIIs. He only scored one victory in July, a Fokker Dr.I near Laventie on 26 July.
In August he scored a further six victories at Dechy, the road connecting Arras and Cambrai, Douai and Senlemont. He shot down, amongst others, three Fokker D.VII aircraft. He was promoted to temporary captain on 24 August.
September started off well for Thompson, with four victories against Fokker D.VIIs up until 24 September. He received the Military Cross on 16 September. On 27 September 1918, in aircraft E2243, he downed a Halberstadt C north of Noyelles before being shot down east of Cambrai by Oberleutnant Otto Schmidt of Jasta 5. Thompson was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 2 November. He is commemorated in Arras at the Arras Flying Services Memorial.
Observers.
Thompson claimed at least 18 of his victories with the front gun, the rest being claimed by his gunners. He flew with Lieutenant Charles George Gass, the highest-scoring observer ace during the war, for two of his victories, on 22 April and 26 July 1918, as well as with Sergeant L Kendrick for two victories in May 1918. The observer on his final flight was Second Lieutenant Clifford Tolman, an 'ace' with 8 victories, who was also killed in the crash.
However, for most of his time of service he flew with Observer Sergeant Ronald Malcolm Fletcher DFM, who recorded 26 victories during the war, and was crewed with Thompson on no fewer than 25 of the pilot's 30 victories, claiming at least six victories in his own right.

</doc>
<doc id="20571280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571280" title="Didymosphaeriaceae">
Didymosphaeriaceae

The Didymosphaeriaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution, and are saprobic in both woody and herbaceous plants. Some species are parasitic on other fungi.

</doc>
<doc id="20571291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571291" title="List of Metacomet Ridge summits">
List of Metacomet Ridge summits

The following is a list of the more notable summits and sub–ranges that make up the crest of the Metacomet Ridge, a fault-block landform located in Connecticut and Massachusetts, known for its microclimate ecosystems, rare plant communities, scenic vistas, proximity to major urban centers, and recreational opportunities. 
In southern Connecticut, the Metacomet Ridge consists of two parallel ridges; the western ridge terminates near Meriden, Connecticut while the eastern ridge continues north into Massachusetts proximal to the Connecticut River. Notable summits with elevations are included below, listed from south to north. <br><br>
In Connecticut: <br>
West ridgeline
East ridgeline<br>
In Massachusetts

</doc>
<doc id="20571296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571296" title="Genealogy of Rama">
Genealogy of Rama

The Genealogy of Rama (ancestors as well as descendants) is found in Book IV of "Vishnu Purana", the Shrimad Bhagavatam 
Ancestors of Rama.
Chapter 1 of Vishnupurana mentions that Brahma created Daksha out of his thumb. Daksha had a daughter Aditi, who was mother of Sun. From the Sun was born Manu. Since the Sun-god was Manu's father, his lineage came to be known as the Suryavansha (the descendants of Sun). 
Manu had many sons of whom 50 perished quarelling with one another. Ten sons survived, one of whom was Ikshvaku. The Brahma Purana (Chapters 7 and 8) provides details on Manu's 10 sons and their descendents as follows 
Manu also had a child named Ila (aka Sudyumna) who gave birth to Pururavas after intercourse with Budha, the son of Soma. Pururavas was the first king of Aila dynasty or the Somavamsha. 
Rama was born in Ikshvaku's line. The lineage from Ikshvaku to Rama is as follows:
After Saudasa, the Brahmapurana gives the descent until Raghu as follows:
After Saudasa, the Vishnupurana gives the descent until Raghu as follows:
After Trishanku the Valmiki Ramayan continues with Yuvanasva as below:
Descendants of Rama.
The lineage of Rama starting from him is as under:
The Brahma Purana gives the descent from Ahinaga to Vajranabha as follows:
The Vishnu Purana gives the descent from Ahinaga to Vajranabha as follows:
From Vajranabha to Brihadbala the genealogy given by the Vishnu Purana differs from the one given in the Shrimad-Bhagavatam. 
Vishnu Purana provides the genealogy as follows: 
The Shrimad-Bhagavatam gives the genealogy from Vajranabha to Brihadbala as follows: 
Descendents of Brihadbala.
The descendents of Brihadbala is given by the Shrimad Bhagavatam, Canto 9 as follows. Their alternate names as mentioned in the Bhavishya Purana are provided in brackets:
The Ikshvakus were a coveted line. After Sumitra there were no more sons in the dynasty of the sun-god, and thus the dynasty is said to end. matrilineal?, note line starts from female Aditi-Kashyapa. The following excerpts are mentioned by KR Subramanian in the book "Buddhist remains in Āndhra and the history of Āndhra between 224 & 610 A.D." from page 82-87: 
Many south Indian dynasties chose to be associated with them in some form or the other. The Cholas and Gangas claimed descent from them. The Pallava chief of Kanchipuram, Tondaman Ilam Tiraiyan is given a similar pedigree of descent from the Ikshvakus in the Perumbanarruppatai. The Kekeyas of the deccan were proud of their marriage alliance with the Iksvakus. By a Nagarjunakonda inscription, an Ikshvaku princess is said to have married the King of Banavasi, before Banavasi came to be ruled by the Kadambas, and hence the wedding is taken to be with a Bana king. The Satavahanas were linked to Ikshvakus. The Ikshvakus were the most famous family of Andhra-desa, north of Krishna, in the 3rd century AD, and were great patrons of Buddhism. 
It has been suggested that the following dynasties were historically Jain Clans: Rashtrakuta Dynasty, Western Ganga Dynasty, Magadha Kingdom, Solankis, Ikshvaku Dynasty, Andhra Ikshvakus and Nanda Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="20571297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571297" title="Amanda Lindhout">
Amanda Lindhout

Amanda Lindhout (born June 12, 1981) is a Canadian humanitarian and journalist. In 2008, she and members of her entourage were kidnapped by Islamist insurgents in southern Somalia. She was released 15 months later on November 25, 2009, and has since embarked on a philanthropic career. In 2013, she released the "New York Times" bestseller "A House in the Sky: A Memoir", in which she recounts her hostage experience.
Early life.
Lindhout was born in 1981 in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada. She and her brother were raised by her mother Lorinda, with Amanda spending much of her youth reading "National Geographic Magazine". Lindhout's father had chronic health problems, and depended on disability payments. Her mother held a minimum-wage job. Lindhout had early aspirations to become a model and did some brief modelling work. She also considered enrolling in a beautician's school.
Journalism career.
Press TV.
At the age of 24, Lindhout quit her job as a cocktail waitress to become a journalist. She used her salary from the bar she worked at to finance reporting trips to various conflict zones around the world. Lindhout began her new journalism career in Afghanistan, arriving in the capital Kabul in May 2007. She later moved on to an assignment in Bagdhad, Iraq in January 2008, where she worked on a freelance basis for Iran's state television Press TV. This led some Canadian reporters to criticize her, due to Press TV's reputation for producing state propaganda. While in Iraq, reports indicated that Lindhout had been kidnapped in Sadr City. She was said to have been released several hours later, after paying a ransom to her abductors. However, Lindhout in her book denied having been kidnapped in Iraq. She wrote that she was instead taken to the Sadr Party Headquarters and questioned about her political affiliations, and that she was able to call an Iraqi friend who ensured they were released within the hour.
Abduction.
At the time of Lindhout's abduction in Somalia, she was reportedly not affiliated with any news organization other than Alberta's Red Deer Advocate. She wrote a column for the small daily. Several media reports suggested that Lindhout was in Somalia on assignment for France 24. However, Nathalie Lenfant, a spokesman for the organization, indicated that Lindhout had only sent a few reports to the news agency from Iraq. Lenfant also stated that France24 had declined two proposals by Lindhout to serve as a correspondent for the organization in Iraq and Somalia, respectively. According to Lenfant, the news agency later decided to confirm that Lindhout was on a freelance assignment for it because France24 representatives "thought it would be better if she could be seen to be part of the structure of a larger company".
On August 23, 2008, two days after having arrived in Mogadishu, Amanda Lindhout and Nigel Brennan, a 37-year-old freelance Australian photojournalist from Brisbane, were kidnapped along with their Somali translator, Abdifatah Mohammed Elmi, their driver, Mahad Isse, and a driver from the Shamo Hotel, Marwali. They were on their way to conduct interviews at an IDP camp when they were stopped by gunmen. The abductors were teenage insurgents from the Hizbul Islam fundamentalist group. The two were kidnapped in lieu of two more experienced journalists (one of which was "National Geographic Magazine" reporter Robert Draper), who had that morning beefed up their security before leaving to examine a refugee camp. Because of this move, Lindhout and Brennan were kidnapped instead.
On September 17, Al Jazeera featured footage of Lindhout and Brennan in captivity surrounded by gunmen. On October 13, 2008, the kidnappers demanded a ransom of US$2.5 million by October 28. On February 23, 2009, the Canadian Association of Journalists urged Prime Minister Stephen Harper to help secure the release of Lindhout and Khadija Abdul Qahaar, a Canadian woman who was kidnapped in November.
Elmi and the two drivers were released on January 15, 2009. The kidnappers later lowered the ransom demand to $1 million.
On June 10, 2009, CTV News received a phone call from a tearful Lindhout who seemed to be reading a statement: "My name is Amanda Lindhout and I am a Canadian citizen and I've been held hostage by gunmen in Somalia for nearly 10 months. I'm in a desperate situation. I'm being kept in a dark, windowless, room in chains without any clean drinking water and little or no food. I've been very sick for months without any medicine... I love my country and want to live to see it again. Without food or medicine, I will die here."
On November 25, 2009, after 460 days as a hostage, Lindhout and Brennan were released following a ransom payment made by their families, through a private firm that specializes in kidnappings and ransom payments. She was hospitalized in Nairobi for two weeks and treated for acute malnourishment. Following her release, Lindhout said she found the coverage of her ordeal to be sensational. In September 2013, Tina Brown of the "Daily Beast" was accused of falsely printing stories about Lindout during her captivity, including an incorrect story about an alleged Lindhout pregnancy that never took place. A resulting retraction was printed by National Public Radio in response to Brown's comments.
Memoir.
In 2013, Lindhout released a memoir, co-written with journalist Sara Corbett, titled "A House in the Sky" recounting her experience as a hostage. She indicated in the book that her motive for travelling to Somalia in the midst of an insurgency was the dearth of competition from other journalists covering the region, as well as the possibility of documenting unique human interest stories. Once held hostage, she alleged that she and Brennan were forcibly separated since they were not married, and that she was subsequently repeatedly tortured and raped by her teenage captors. Lindhout asserted that she and Brennan had converted to Islam to both appease their abductors and make life easier for themselves. While it has been reported that Lindhout had given birth to a boy named Osama while in captivity, she dismissed such rumours as "gossip, one of dozens of unconfirmed stories that had floated out of Somalia since our capture ... Somalia seemed to be a factory for rumors, with a handful of news websites and uncredentialed bloggers pumping out what passed for information."
Chris Selley of "The National Post" wrote that the book was "bloody good journalism". Eliza Griswold of the "New York Times" said of the book that, "Her tale, exquisitely told with her co-author, Sara Corbett, a contributing writer for The "New York Times Magazine", is much more than a gonzo adventure tale gone awry — it’s a young woman’s harrowing coming-of-age story and an extraordinary narrative of forgiveness and spiritual triumph." The "USA Today" wrote about her experience that, "The wide-eyed optimism and unflappable determination that led her to danger also kept her alive. In the months she lived in darkness and in chains, she held onto her sanity by escaping to memories of her world travels, picturing the vivid images in the old issues of National Geographic she found while dumpster-diving as a child."
The book became a "New York Times" bestseller, and was named one of the The Globe Books 100: Best Canadian non-fiction by the "Globe and Mail". It was also named the 2013 Best Book of the Year in the Biographies & Memoirs category by Amazon.com, in addition to the Best Books of the Year list published by "Vogue Magazine". "O Magazine" listed the book as one of its recommendations on its Winter 2014 reading list. It was also the winner of the 2014 CBC Bookie Award for Best Canadian Nonfiction.
The book also received some criticism other journalists. Nigel Brennan, her co-captor, has contradicted some of the items in her book publicly and in his own memoir.
Humanitarian career.
Speaking engagements.
Lindhout studied Development Leadership at the COADY International Institute at St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia and is the executive director of the Global Enrichment Foundation. Lindhout has become a much sought after speaker on the topics of forgiveness, compassion, social responsibility and women's rights.
In 2009, Lindhout spoke alongside Eckhart Tolle, best-selling author of "The Power of Now", in Vancouver on the power of forgiveness.
In 2010 Lindhout addressed the United Nations Association in Ottawa, Canada about women's rights.
In July 2010 Google Ideas had Lindhout moderate a panel of former violent extremists at the Summit Against Violent Extremism in Dublin, Ireland. The event was the largest gathering of former violent extremists to ever take place and was organized by Google, the Council of Foreign Relations and the Tribeca Film Festival. Lindhout moderated a panel which included a former Somali militant with Al-Shabaab, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed. She asked Mohamed how he justified the injuries and deaths to civilians while a member of the insurgent group, but he instead addressed the political motives that drove him to join the outfit.
The Global Enrichment Foundation.
In 2010, Lindhout founded the Global Enrichment Foundation to create more opportunities in Somalia by offering university scholarships to women. Lindhout currently serves as the organization's Executive Director, with Ahmed Hussen, the president of the Canadian Somali Congress, acting as the Fund's co-director. Aurala Warsame, a Somali researcher at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, supervises the program and vetted the first applicants.
In response to why she established the Foundation despite her ordeal, Lindhout told the CBC's The National "You can very easily go into anger and bitterness and revenge thoughts and resentment and 'Why me?'[...] Because I had something very, very large and very painful to forgive, and by choosing to do that, I was able to put into place my vision, which was making Somalia a better place[...] I've never questioned whether or not it was the right thing to do[...] What else to do after the experience that I had, than something like this?"
In conjunction with various private university institutions across Somalia, the GEF's Somali Women's Scholarship Program (SWSP) offers higher education opportunities to women in Somalia on a contribution basis. Lindhout's foundation aims to annually send 100 women in the country to university for the next four years, and is sponsoring tertiary education for 36 women, who are expected to go one to become teachers, doctors, environmentalists and engineers, among other professions. The GEF also started the SHE WILL micro-loan initiative to financially empower widows and other Somali women.
In response to the 2011 drought in East Africa, the GEF put into motion its Convoy for Hope program. The initiative received a $1 million USD donation from the Chobani Yoghurt company. As part of the GEF, teachers with the Memorial Composite also raised funds to sponsor the Sankaroos women's basketball team of Abaarso School in Somalia, and a group of high school students in Alberta raised over $23,000 to support the GEF's educational work.
In 2012, Lindhout was featured as the face of jewelry company Hillberg & Berk's spring/summer 2012 'Najo Rajo' Collection of Hope. The Regina, Saskatchewan based company donated $15,000 towards the Global Enrichment Foundation's Somali Women's Scholarship Program for Amanda's participation.
Return to Africa.
Lindhout's work for the Global Enrichment Foundation eventually drew her back to Somalia in July 2011. Accompanied by CBC's The National, who filmed a documentary about her titled "Return To Africa", Lindhout visited the Dadaab refugee complex in Kenya to research a $60 million educational project for children in the camp, many of whom fled the conflict in southern Somalia. Lindhout attempted to reconcile her fear of abduction with her deep commitment to helping the asylum seekers. However, her efforts were criticized by Badu Katelo, Kenya's commissioner for refugees, who suggested that the best solution to the issue was through military intervention in Somalia's conflict zones. Katelo characterized Lindhout's initiative as "small [...] It's a drop in the ocean. It's not anything to rely on to bring peace to Somalia. I think if education was to bring peace in Somalia, then it should've happened a long time ago because in 1991, when refugees came here, they were all educated". Lindhout responded that "to anyone who's questioning us right now, that's fine[...] That's fair. It is an incredibly challenging environment to work in, but time will tell the story."
On August 4, 2011, Lindhout travelled back to Somalia for the first time since her captivity. Leading a large convoy carrying food aid for 14,000 people in the southern Somalia town of Dobley, she was welcomed by Somalia's Transitional Federal Government. Lindhout described the trip as also "an opportunity for me to look at that fear and maybe let it go — this fear that I have been carrying around with me for some time". Her Convoys For Hope project continued to provided relief and expects to assist 300,000 more people during the drought.
Awards and honours.
In June 2012, Amanda received the Red Deer Women of Excellence Award in Human Services in recognition of her leadership, compassion and practice in human service programs within the community.
In March 2012, Lindhout accepted an invitation from former President of the United States Bill Clinton to participate on a panel at the annual Clinton Global Initiative University about her humanitarian work in the Horn of Africa with the Global Enrichment Foundation.
In spring of 2012 Amanda was asked to be photographed for the book 100 Making a Difference by celebrity photographer John Russo, alongside such public figures as Sophia Loren, Prince Edward, Michelle Obama and Al Gore.

</doc>
<doc id="20571299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571299" title="El Mañana (Nuevo Laredo)">
El Mañana (Nuevo Laredo)

El Mañana ("Early Morning") is a Spanish language newspaper published in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The newspaper was founded in 1924 by Heriberto Deandar Amador, it is Nuevo Laredo's oldest newspaper currently still published. El Mañana uses the slogan "La verdad sin fronteras" ("The truth without boundaries"). El Mañana is also circulated in Laredo, Texas, United States.
Drug cartel attacks.
On 19 March 2004, the journalist Roberto Javier Mora García was stabbed 29 times outside his home in Nuevo Laredo. On 6 February 2006, two armed men broke into the offices of "El Mañana" and detonated a grenade. They also shot the outside walls of the installation with AK-47s and AR-15s before fleeing the scene. According to "La Jornada", the armed men shot the installation more than 100 times, injuring Jaime Orozco Tey, a journalist. On 30 July 2010, a group of armed men in a vehicle threw a grenade at the offices of Televisa in Nuevo Laredo, damaging two vehicles. On 26 September 2011, Elizabeth Macias-Castro, an editor of la "Primera Hora" newspaper, was decapitated; a note was left behind by Los Zetas, claiming responsibility for the killing. A group of armed men attacked the offices of "El Mañana" newspaper in Nuevo Laredo at around 23:00 hours on 11 May 2012. The Mexican authorities stated that no one was injured in the 5-minute shootout, but the offices and some vehicles were damaged when bullets impacted from the outside. When the employees of "El Mañana" heard the detonations, they threw themselves on the floor, while others suffered nervous breakdowns. Some witnesses said that they heard grenade explosions during the attack. In addition, a message was reportedly left behind by the perpetrators.
Due to the violent attacks the press has received in Nuevo Laredo, news media have practiced "self-censorship," where local journalist prefer to silence the press and refuse to report on important incidents for fears of reprisals by the cartels. Events that would go on the front-page of any newspaper—mass murders with over six dead, shooting incidents wounding three soldiers—often go unreported in Nuevo Laredo. The cartels want the cities they control to appear calm in order to prevent the government from sending federal troops. Consequently, the press, tired of extortions and death threats, prefers to silence because there is no guarantee for their safety. On 14 May 2012, "El Mañana" declared that it will no longer report on news relating to drug-violence.
On 14 May 2013, the newspaper suffered a cyber-attack on its official website. According to "El Mañana", the attacks are intended to saturate the page and damage information databases of the newspaper, particularly in columns where they question the performance of local officials.
"The Laredo Sun".
"El Mañana" also heads "The Laredo Sun", an English-language newspaper targeted at Laredo, Texas readers since 1999. This printed newspaper could not compete with Laredo's main newspaper, the Laredo Morning Times, and fell out of print almost immediately. The Laredo Sun now operates solely online as an English-language news source for readers in Laredo, Texas, and the surrounding community.
"Rio Magazine".
"Rio" is a young and fresh bilingual Latin magazine covering events, news, nightlife, culture and exclusive interviews in Laredo, Texas. 
"Femina Magazine".
"Femina" is a Spanish-language biweekly women's magazine in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, and Laredo, Texas. The magazine celebrated it 25th anniversary in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20571300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571300" title="Joost Volmer">
Joost Volmer

Joost Gerardus Bernard Volmer (born 7 March 1974), simply known as Joost Volmer, is a retired Dutch footballer. Volmer played for various club teams in the Netherlands, and played once abroad, for West Bromwich Albion. He retired from professional football in November 2009, then playing for De Graafschap, after stating that he could not give a 100% anymore.

</doc>
<doc id="20571302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571302" title="The Enormous Radio">
The Enormous Radio

"The Enormous Radio" is a short story written by John Cheever in 1947. It first appeared in the May 17, 1947 issue of "The New Yorker" and was later collected in "The Enormous Radio and Other Stories". The story deals with a family who purchases a new radio that allows them to listen in on conversations and arguments of other tenants living in their apartment building.
Plot.
Jim and Irene Westcott live contentedly on the 12th floor in an apartment building with their two children near Sutton Place (their city of residence is not mentioned, but Sutton Place is in New York City). Both Jim and Irene enjoy music very much, regularly attending concerts and spending a lot of time listening to music on their radio. However, the Westcotts kept their interest in music from their friends.
When their old radio breaks down, Jim orders a new one, but when it arrives Irene is shocked at the complete and utter ugliness of the device that Jim has bought. The radio is described as a large gumwood cabinet with numerous dials and switches that light up with a green light when it is plugged in. Until the new radio arrived, the Westcotts hardly ever argued and seemed to have a happy marriage.
One night, as Irene is sitting in the apartment listening to the radio she starts to hear interference in the form of a rustling noise over the music concert that is being broadcast. She tries to get the music back by flipping all of the switches and dials, but then begins to hear the sounds of people from other apartments in the building. She is so surprised by this that she shuts off the radio. Later that evening when Jim arrived home from work, he tried the radio to get some music. Instead of music, Jim hears elevator noises and doorbells.Believing that the electronics in the building are interfering with the signal he decides to turn off the radio and call the people who sold it to him and demand to have the radio repaired.
The radio is examined and the problem apparently fixed, but the next day while Irene is listening to a Chopin prelude she hears a man and woman who seem to be arguing. Realizing that the conversation is coming from people who live in a nearby apartment, she flicks a switch, but next hears a woman's voice reading a children's story, which she recognizes as belonging to her neighbor's children's nanny. She flips the switch again, but each time she does so she becomes privy to the events in another apartment. Irene demands that Jim turn off the radio because she is afraid her neighbors will hear her and Jim, just as they can hear the others in the building.
Over the next few days Irene listens in on the lives of her neighbors, and finds herself becoming both intrigued and horrified. Irene had become so obsessed with listening in on her neighbors, that she cut a luncheon short with a friend to go home and listen to the radio to hear what news would be revealed next in the lives of friends and neighbors. Jim noticed how strange Irene had become in her ways and conversations, especially at a dinner party the Wescott's attended. On the way home, Irene speaks of the stars like a little candle throwing its beam as to "shine a good deed in a naughty world."
Irene became totally involved in the lives on the radio and became depressed herself. She has gone from a pleasant, rather plain woman, to a woman who doubts who she is and doubts her relationship with her husband Jim. Once more, Jim arranges for the radio to be examined and this time the repairs are successful. The repairs are expensive and a great deal more than Jim can afford. All he wanted was for Irene to get some enjoyment from the radio. Instead the radio brought the Westcotts' peaceful life to an end. Not only was the second repair of the radio more than Jim could afford, but he also found unpaid clothing bills on Irene's dressing table. Thus the beginning of the hidden truths coming to the surface; Jim worrying about money issues and Irene worrying about the radio hearing their argument and the past indiscretions of her life.
Analysis.
According to Alan Lloyd Smith, author of "American Gothic Fiction - An Introduction" ISBN 0-8264-1595-4, a concept of domestic abjection is one that "disturbs identity, order, and system". This is exactly what the new radio did in the Westcott household. When Mrs. Westcott saw the new radio in the large gumwood cabinet, she did not like the enormousness of it. The Gumwood cabinet is a "dark" cabinet and did not fit in with the living room furnishings and colors that Irene had personally chosen. This cabinet is dark and ugly, bringing darkness into the living room and their lives. Eventually, Irene identifies herself with the object.
Another gothic concept of The Enormous Radio is the element of buried secrets. Both Jim and Irene begin to recognize that there is tension in their marriage. Irene had many deep dark secrets that she feels guilty about. She has successfully hidden these secrets all these years until the ugliness of the radio brings up her neighbors problems. Irene has suppressed and hidden her feelings to others and herself for a long time. This is the reason she is drawn to the radio, it exposes the inner life of others and eventually hers. Irene identified with the others in the building as her own problems. It is ironic that the thing purchased to bring joy to the Westcott's life did nothing but cause trouble between them. Secrets revealed are sometimes not able to be handled well.
Alan Lloyd Smith also identifies Domestic Gothic as, intimately bound up with the idea of the house, gender, and family, which becomes through metaphor, a way of externalizing the inner life of fictional characters.
Adaptations in Film.
The Enormous Radio was adapted into an episode in the television series, "Tales from the Darkside" in 1987 entitled “The Enormous Radio”. It was directed by Bill Travis and it aired on May 17, 1987.
Adaptations in Radio.
"The Enormous Radio" was adapted into an episode of the 'CBS Radio Workshop" aired originally on May 11, 1956.
The story was dramatized by Gregory Evans on the BBC World Service in the series City Plays, produced and directed by Gordon House. It was transmitted in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20571313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571313" title="Dinivodno Lake">
Dinivodno Lake

Dinivodno Lake (; , "Dinivodno jezero") is a circular-shaped mountain lake in southern Kosovo. It is located on the Šar Mountains above sea level. Dinivodno lake has a maximum length of and a maximum width of . The lake is deep. There is a bunch of grass that has made to the surface of the lake making it look like an island.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20571321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571321" title="Frank Owen">
Frank Owen

Frank Owen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20571323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571323" title="Azerbaijan–Ukraine relations">
Azerbaijan–Ukraine relations

After the dissolution of Soviet Union Azerbaijan and Ukraine gained their independence from the Soviet Union and started a close friendship with establishing diplomatic relations in 1992. The relations of strategic cooperation, political, economical and cultural relations between two countries are at a very high level. In 2001, the two countries founded the Organization for Democracy and Economic Development (GUAM), along with Georgia and Moldova. Azerbaijan currently plays an important role in both organization and the foreign policy of Ukraine due to its strategic role in the region. Azerbaijan also helped Ukraine to shelter Chernobyl sarcophagus.
Ukraine is, after Turkey, one of the main military partners of Azerbaijan. Azeri officers are trained in Ukrainian military academies, and various technical assistance is supplied by Ukraine. Ukraine supports Azerbaijan's position in the resolution of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict against to Armenia. After Black January events, some 10,000 people attended a rally in Lviv to protest Moscow's military intervention in Azerbaijan. There are about 32.000 Ukrainians live in Azerbaijan, and over 45,000 Azerbaijanis are living in Ukraine. The grave of Ukrainian Ataman Golovati still is protected by Azerbaijanis and there's also monument in Lankaran dedicated to Cossacks. The two countries support each other in entering international organizations. Diplomatic relations established in 1919 for the first time and Azerbaijan recognizes Holodomor events as a genocide.
Both countries were part of Scythia, Roman Empire, Khazar Kingdom, Mongol Empire, Ottoman Empire, Russian Empire and Soviet Union. 
Political relations.
Relations between two countries are very friendly. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established in 1992. Azerbaijan has an embassy in Kiev. Ukraine has an embassy in Baku. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Eastern Partnership, Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation (BSEC) as well as GUAM. 
President of Ukraine Leonid Kuchma paid an official visit to Azerbaijan on July 26–28, 1995. Together with Heydar Aliyev and Aliyev paid his official visit to Ukraine on March 24–25, 1997. During the meeting Heydar Aliyev was awarded with the highest order of Ukraine Yaroslav Mudry. After the establishment of GUAM strategic relations started to develop rapidly. Heydar Aliyev visited Ukraine in 1999 in order to take part at the inauguration ceremony of the re-elected Leonid Kuchma. The Ukrainian President paid an official visit to Azerbaijan on March 16–17, 2000. As a result of the visit, Aliyev presented Leonid Kuchma the order of Istiglal. Strategic alliance between two countries are developing.
Economic relations.
In January – May 2008 trade turnover between the two countries was 191,1 mln. USD. The trade turnover between two countries reached to 1 billion 400 million dollars in 2010. Ukraine is one of the main import partners of Azerbaijan. Main goods imported from Ukraine to Azerbaijan remains as mainly metallurgy products, machine building products, agro-industrial products, and chemical industry products. While main goods exported from Azerbaijan to Ukraine are generally Products of fuel energy industry, chemical industry products, and agro-industrial products.
Azerbaijan grants Ukraine exclusive conditions for oil supply.
Military cooperation.
In 2006, Ukraine had sold 48 T-72AG to Azerbaijan. In 2009, Ukraine supplied to Azerbaijan, 29 BTR-70, 29 units of 122-millimeter self-propelled howitzers 2C1 "Pink" and 6 units of 152-millimeter self-propelled howitzers 2S3 "Acacia" a combat trainer MiG-29UB, 11 Mi-24. In 2010, Ukraine has been sold to Azerbaijan a 71 BTR-70, 7 self-propelled artillery "Carnation" 2S1 122 mm, 1 Mi-24P, a managed anti-missile complex, and 3,000 rifles and pistols. Ukraine remains as one of the main military partners of Azerbaijan.
Cultural relations.
Since 1998, Ukrainian language are taught in Baku Slavic University and Ukrainian sector opened afterwards. In 2001 Kiev Social and Political Science institute named after Heydar Aliyev was opened. Since 1978 a library named Samed Vurgun is active in Ukraine. At the same year, a short documentary called "Azerbaijani days in Ukraine" released and year after "From the eyes of the friends" documentary was shot which was about the Ukrainian culture days in Azerbaijan. Monument of Taras Shevchenko was opened in Azerbaijan in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20571325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571325" title="Massarinaceae">
Massarinaceae

The Massarinaceae are a family of fungi in the order Pleosporales. Although taxa have a cosmopolitan distribution, they are better-known in temperate regions. They are thought to be saprobic in wood and bark; some species are weak pathogens.
In 2013, Quaedvlieg et al. expanded this family with the genus "Stagonospora" in the article named "Sizing up Septoria" by showing that the type of the fungal genus "Stagonospora" (Stagonospora paludosa) actually clustered inside the Massarinaceae and not in the Phaeosphaeriaceae as was previously assumed. This also caused that the Phaeosphaeriaceae located genus previously known as "Stagonospora", incorporating several important pathogens on grasses (e.g. Stagonospora nodorum and S. avenae), was subsequently renamed into "Parastagonospora". 

</doc>
<doc id="20571326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571326" title="Greatest Hits 1978–1997">
Greatest Hits 1978–1997

Greatest Hits DVD 1978-1997 - Music Videos and Live Performances is the second DVD by the American rock band Journey, released in 2003. It contains music videos and live performances of songs from the band's history with longtime lead vocalist Steve Perry, who left the band in 1998. It is Journey's best selling concert video going 4× Multi-Platinum since its 2003 release.

</doc>
<doc id="20571337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571337" title="Confraternity book">
Confraternity book

A confraternity book is a medieval memorial book that records the names of people who have entered into a state of brotherhood with a church in some way, often by visiting it in the capacity of a pilgrim. 
Confraternity books.
The following is a list of earlier medieval confraternity books:

</doc>
<doc id="20571374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571374" title="Libby Scheier">
Libby Scheier

Libby Scheier (May 31, 1946 - November 14, 2000) was a Canadian poet and short story writer. She was born in Brooklyn, New York, and studied at Sarah Lawrence College and the State University of New York before moving to Toronto in 1975.
In Canada, Scheier was a member of the Writers' Union of Canada, PEN Canada and the League of Canadian Poets, as well as a human rights activist. She taught creative writing at York University and was a poetry editor for the "Toronto Star".
Family.
Her son Jacob Scheier is also a poet. He won the Governor General's Award for English language poetry in 2008 for his debut collection "More to Keep Us Warm".

</doc>
<doc id="20571385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571385" title="Charles Van Zant">
Charles Van Zant

Charles E. Van Zant (born on November 24, 1943) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 19th District, which includes Bradford County, Putnam County, Union County, and southern Clay County, since 2012.
History.
Van Zant was born in Jacksonville and attended Stetson University before graduating from the University of Florida with a degree in architecture in 1968. Upon graduation, he founded Van Zant Associates, an architecture firm, which he continues to own. Van Zant attended the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, where he received a Master of Divinity degree, and the Western Baptist Theological Seminary, where he received a Doctorate of Theology degree. In addition to working as an architect, he has served as the pastor of multiple churches, included the First Baptist Church of Keystone Heights and Trinity Baptist Church. Van Zant was appointed to the Clay County School Board in 2007 by Governor Charlie Crist, and served as its Vice-Chairman.
Florida House of Representatives.
When incumbent State Representative Joe Pickens was unable to seek re-election due to term limits, Van Zant ran to succeed him in the 21st District, which included a swath of territory in North Florida, specifically, southern Bradford County, southern Clay County, northern Lake County, eastern Marion County, Putnam County, and northwestern Volusia County. In the Republican primary, he emerged narrowly victorious over Christopher France and Patricia Freeman. Van Zant faced Linda Myers, a Putnam County Commissioner and the Democratic nominee, who identified as a conservative Democrat. Groups supporting Myers attacked Van Zant for tax evasion, and group supporting Van Zant attacked Myers for funding a "road to nowhere" and for tax increases; both candidates rejected each other's claims. Though they agreed on a number of issues, including the need to create jobs, allowing oil drilling off the coast of the state and replacing the Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test, they vehemently disagreed as to which of them was the most qualified to handle the issues of contention. Van Zant narrowly defeated Myers, winning by fewer than 2,000 votes, with 51.5% of the vote to Myers's 48.5%. Though Myers initially announced that she would seek a rematch with Van Zant in 2010, she ultimately declined to contest the seat, and he was re-elected without opposition.
When the state legislative districts were redrawn in 2012, Van Zant was moved into the 19th District, which retained the Clay County and Putnam County areas of the district, but added sections in Bradford County and Union County. In both the primary and general elections, Van Zant was elected unopposed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20571386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571386" title="Saburo Ito">
Saburo Ito

Saburo Ito (, "Itō Saburō", born July 18, 1915) is a Japanese breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he finished fifth in the 200 metre breaststroke event.

</doc>
<doc id="20571391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571391" title="Geographical distance">
Geographical distance

Geographical distance is the distance measured along the surface of the earth. The formulae in this article calculate distances between points which are defined by geographical coordinates in terms of latitude and longitude. This distance is an element in solving the second (inverse) geodetic problem.
Introduction.
Calculating the distance between geographical coordinates is based on some level of abstraction; it does not provide an "exact" distance, which is unattainable if one attempted to account for every irregularity in the surface of the earth. Common abstractions for the surface between two geographic points are:
All abstractions above ignore changes in elevation. Calculation of distances which account for changes in elevation relative to the idealized surface are not discussed in this article.
Nomenclature.
Distance, formula_1 is calculated between two points, formula_2 and formula_3. The geographical coordinates of the two points, as (latitude, longitude) pairs, are formula_4 and formula_5 respectively. Which of the two points is designated as formula_2 is not important for the calculation of distance.
Latitude and longitude coordinates on maps are usually expressed in degrees. In the given forms of the formulae below, one or more values "must" be expressed in the specified units to obtain the correct result. Where geographic coordinates are used as the argument of a trigonometric function, the values may be expressed in any angular units compatible with the method used to determine the value of the trigonometric function. Many electronic calculators allow calculations of trigonometric functions in either degrees or radians. The calculator mode must be compatible with the units used for geometric coordinates.
Differences in latitude and longitude are labeled and calculated as follows:
It is not important whether the result is positive or negative when used in the formulae below.
"Mean latitude" is labeled and calculated as follows:
Colatitude is labeled and calculated as follows:
Unless specified otherwise, the radius of the earth for the calculations below is:
formula_12 = Distance between the two points, as measured along the surface of the earth and in the same units as the value used for radius unless specified otherwise.
Singularities and discontinuity of latitude/longitude.
Longitude has singularities at the Poles (longitude is undefined) and a discontinuity at the ±180° meridian. Also, planar projections of the circles of constant latitude are highly curved near the Poles. Hence, the above equations for delta latitude/longitude (formula_13, formula_14) and mean latitude (formula_15) may not give the expected answer for positions near the Poles or the ±180° meridian. Consider e.g. the value of formula_14 (“east displacement”) when formula_17 and formula_18 are on either side of the ±180° meridian, or the value of formula_15 (“mean latitude”) for the two positions (formula_20=89°, formula_17=45°) and (formula_22=89°, formula_18=−135°).
If a calculation based on latitude/longitude should be valid for all Earth positions, it should be verified that the discontinuity and the Poles are handled correctly. Another solution is to use "n"-vector instead of latitude/longitude, since this representation does not have discontinuities or singularities.
Flat-surface formulae.
A planar approximation for the surface of the earth may be useful over small distances. The accuracy of distance calculations using this approximation become increasingly inaccurate as:
The shortest distance between two points in plane is a straight line. The Pythagorean theorem is used to calculate the distance between points in a plane.
Even over short distances, the accuracy of geographic distance calculations which assume a flat Earth depend on the method by which the latitude and longitude coordinates have been projected onto the plane. The projection of global latitude and longitude coordinates onto a plane is the realm of cartography.
The formulae presented in this section provide varying degrees of accuracy.
Spherical Earth projected to a plane.
This formula takes into account the variation in distance between meridians with latitude:
Ellipsoidal Earth projected to a plane.
The FCC prescribes essentially the following formulae in 47 CFR 73.208 for distances not exceeding 475 km /295 miles:
Spherical-surface formulae.
If we are willing to accept a possible error of 0.5%, we can use formulas of spherical trigonometry on the sphere that best approximates the surface of the earth.
The shortest distance along the surface of a sphere between two points on the surface is along the great-circle which contains the two points.
The great-circle distance article gives the formula for calculating the distance along a great-circle on a sphere about the size of the Earth. That article includes an example of the calculation.
Tunnel distance.
A tunnel between points on Earth is defined by a line through three-dimensional space between the points of interest.
The great circle chord length may be calculated as follows for the corresponding unit sphere:
The tunnel distance between points on the surface of a spherical Earth is
formula_46. For short distances (formula_47), this underestimates the great circle distance by formula_48.
Ellipsoidal-surface formulae.
An ellipsoid approximates the surface of the earth much better than a
sphere or a flat surface does. The shortest distance along the surface
of an ellipsoid between two points on the surface is along the
geodesic. Geodesics follow more complicated paths than great
circles and in particular, they usually don't return to their starting
positions after one circuit of the earth. This is illustrated in the
figure on the right where "f" is taken to be 1/50 to accentuate the
effect. Finding the geodesic between two points on the earth, the
so-called inverse geodetic problem, was the focus of many
mathematicians and geodesists over the course of the 18th and 19th
centuries with major contributions by
Clairaut,
Legendre,
Bessel,
and Helmert.
Rapp
provides a good summary of this work.
Methods for computing the geodesic distance are widely available in
geographical information systems, software libraries, standalone
utilities, and online tools. The most widely used algorithm is by
Vincenty,
who uses a series which is accurate to third order in the flattening of
the ellipsoid, i.e., about 0.5 mm; however, the algorithm fails to
converge for points that are nearly anti-podal. (For
details, see Vincenty's formulae.) This defect is cured in the
algorithm given by
Karney,
who employs series which are accurate to sixth order in the flattening.
This results in an algorithm which is accurate to full double precision
and which converges for arbitrary pairs of points on the earth. This
algorithm is implemented in GeographicLib.
The exact methods above are feasible when carrying out calculations on a
computer. They are intended to give millimeter accuracy on lines of any
length; we can use simpler formulas if we don't need millimeter
accuracy, or if we do need millimeter accuracy but the line is short.
Rapp, Chap. 6, describes the Puissant method,
the Gauss mid-latitude method, and the Bowring method.
Lambert's formula for long lines.
Lambert's formulae
give accuracy on the order of 10 meters over thousands of kilometers. First convert the latitudes formula_49, formula_50 of the two points to reduced latitudes formula_51, formula_52
formula_53
where formula_54 is the flattening.
Then calculate the central angle formula_55 in radians between two points formula_56 and formula_57 on a sphere in the usual way (law of cosines or haversine formula), with longitudes formula_58 and formula_59 being the same on the sphere as on the spheroid.<br><br>
formula_60<br><br>
formula_61<br><br>
formula_62
where formula_63 is the equatorial radius of the chosen spheroid.
On the GRS 80 spheroid Lambert's formula is off by
Bowring's method for short lines.
Bowring maps the points to a sphere of radius "R′", with latitude and longitude represented as φ′ and λ′. Define
where the second eccentricity squared is
The spherical radius is
The spherical coordinates are given by
where formula_68, formula_69,
formula_70, formula_71. The resulting problem on the sphere may be solved using the techniques for great-circle navigation to give approximations for the spheroidal distance and bearing. Detailed formulas are given by Rapp, §6.5.

</doc>
<doc id="20571411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571411" title="Clip-on nut">
Clip-on nut

A clip-on nut, also known as a sheet metal nut or a speed nut (but this is ambiguous, see speed nut), is a type of nut designed to be clipped to sheet metal. It is a type of captive nut commonly made as a cage nut. They come in many forms based upon: where they clip on, shape, and type of thread. Each clip-on nut is designed for only a small range of sheet metal gauges (thicknesses). They are usually made from spring steel.
Types.
G-nut.
A G-nut, or G-style nut, is shaped like a "G" and clips to the edge of a sheet metal object. It is different from all of the other types in that it is meant to clip over a small flange on the edge of the sheet metal. The threads are from an integrated nut that has a special boss to sit in a hole in the sheet metal.
J-nut.
A J-nut is a nut that clips to the edge of the sheet metal. It is named after the way it is shaped; the thread is on the long side of the "J". The thread may either be of a speed nut form or have an integrated hex or square nut. Due to the short retaining leg the nut is allowed to float more, which can help with misalignment, but the nut is free to un-clip from the sheet metal as well.
S-nut.
A S-nut, or S-style nut, are shaped like an "S". They are designed to clip on the edge of a sheet metal object. The threads are provided by an integrated nut.
Square style.
A square style clip-on nut does not clip onto the edge of the sheet metal, but rather the edges of a square hole or slot. It is a square nut that has a sheet metal retainer that protrudes down two sides of the nut. These legs are formed to have lips that grab onto the sheet metal object. Prior to tightening the nut, it can float in the hole or slot, but when the nut is tightened it presses the lips of the retainer out and anchors itself in place.
U-nut.
A U-nut is very similar to a J-nut except that both legs are the same length. Because of this a retaining clip is usually formed on the leg without the threads. This helps keep the nut in place while not screwed down. The thread may be of a speed nut style, integrated nut, or have an extruded portion that is tapped.There are "standard" and "wide-panel" versions; the standard version has a solid hinge section, whereas the wide-panel version has a longer hinge with the center section cut-away to allow for easier installation.

</doc>
<doc id="20571413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571413" title="Ethiopians in the United Kingdom">
Ethiopians in the United Kingdom

Ethiopians in the United Kingdom are an ethnic group that consist of Ethiopian immigrants to the United Kingdom as well as their descendants. Overall, it is one of the smaller subgroups of immigrants to the UK from Africa.
History.
The first wave of Ethiopian immigrants to the UK occurred in 1974, when many were forced from their homes when Haile Selassie's government was overthrown by the military junta, Derg. Many of these were political refugees who left behind high paid and respectable jobs. The second, larger wave of Ethiopians to the UK was in 1991, when Ethiopians of all walks of life claimed asylum in the UK. Another civil war in the country, and continuous political unrest even today means that more and more Ethiopians are leaving their homeland to seek better lives abroad.
Many Ethiopians found cultural adjustment, particularly in the capital, very difficult. It is even claimed that many new immigrants believed that seeing a British policeman was something to be frightened of. It was certainly a hard time for them, especially considering that their claim for asylum may not be accepted and they had no other family or links in the UK. Over time, many Ethiopian Community Centres were formed which helped the population to develop and rebuild their lives. Prior to the civil wars, Ethiopians were free to come to the UK to study, many of whom stayed and are undoubtedly amongst the thousands who now form an ageing population. The Ethiopian community in the UK is now an extremely well integrated group that consists of many generations.
Contemporary Issues.
Many Ethiopians who have immigrated to the UK and their descendants express concern about the existing troubles in Ethiopia, including the political and civil unrest as well as the country's famine problem. A significant number of Ethiopians in the UK contribute and donate a lot of time and money to helping troubled people in their homeland. Two Ethiopian born immigrants to the UK were convicted in connection with the alleged attempted London bombings on 21st July 2005.
Community and Culture.
There are now many Ethiopian churches set up across London, including St Mary's Ethiopian Orthodox Church in Battersea Park. However, most of the vibrant Ethiopian churches in London and across many cities in the UK are pentecostal or of other charismatic Christian denominations. There is also an increasing number of Ethiopian restaurants in the UK, where such Ethiopian cuisine as injera is served.
Demographics.
The 2001 UK Census recorded 7,775 Ethiopian born people as living in the UK which made it the country's 17th largest African immigrant group, and the 84th most common birthplace for British people. In mid-2005 the number of Ethiopians in the UK was estimated at around 20,000, those of partial descent are unknown. The only countries with more Ethiopians are Ethiopia, the United States and Canada. The overwhelming majority of Ethiopians live in London (approximately 16,800 or 84% of the total Ethiopian population in the country) with the North, West and South areas being the most common places to find them. Sheffield is home to around 1,000 Ethiopians, and there are significant numbers in Liverpool, Leeds and Manchester
32.28% of new Ethiopian immigrants to the UK are employed (the second highest unemployment rate of any immigrant group to the UK, only behind Angolans), whilst 64.44% of settled Ethiopian immigrants are employed, this is one off the largest differences between any British ethnic group. For comparison, British born people of any background have an employment rate of 73.49%.
Notable Individuals.
There are several British people of Ethiopian origin that have seen notable success in all field of life. Actor Peter Ustinov who is of mixed Russian, German and Ethiopian ancestry has won two Academy Awards, two Emmy Awards and one Golden Globe Award. Victor Duleep Singh, Frederick Duleep Singh and Sophia Duleep Singh are all members of the Indian royal family who are of Ethiopian descent and lived in the UK. Prince Alemayehu was the son of Emperor Tewodros II of Ethiopia who lived in the UK for the majority of his life for safekeeping.
See also.
Individuals
Related groups in the UK
Related ethnicity articles
Other notable overseas Ethiopian communities
Other

</doc>
<doc id="20571424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571424" title="John Tobia">
John Tobia

John Tobia (born on January 6, 1978) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 53rd District, which includes southern Brevard County, since 2012, and previously representing the 31st District from 2008 to 2012.
History.
Tobia was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and moved to the state of Florida in 1990. He attended the University of Florida, where he received both his bachelors degree and masters degree in political science. Following graduation, he began working as a professor at Valencia College, teaching introductory political science courses.
Florida House of Representatives.
When incumbent State Representative Mitch Needelman was unable to seek re-election in 2008 due to term limits, Tobia ran to succeed him in the 31st District, which stretched from Malabar to South Patrick Shores. He faced Jason Steele, Ronald Stump, and Ken Babington in the Republican primary, and emerged narrowly victorious, winning 32% of the vote to Steele's 31%, Stump's 22%, and Babington's 15%, despite facing allegations that he allowed his college students to "skip their final exam...if they would volunteer for his campaign."
In 2012, when legislative districts were redrawn, Tobia was drawn into the 53rd District, which included most of the territory that he previously represented. He was challenged in the Republican primary by Tres Holton and Laureen Trent, whom he defeated with 52% of the vote. In the general election, he encountered Democratic nominee John Paul Alvarez. "Florida Today" endorsed him for re-election, praising his "independent streak" and his "support of education issues," while noting that Alvarez was not as informed on state issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20571431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571431" title="Steve Thompson (footballer born 1989)">
Steve Thompson (footballer born 1989)

Stephen "Steve" Thompson (born 15 April 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Northern Premier League Division One North side Darlington 1883.
Unable to make the first team at Middlesbrough, he signed with Port Vale in May 2008. He left Vale Park by mutual consent in October 2009, at which point he joined Telford United. He spent one season with Telford before joining Durham City. He signed with Darlington in September 2012, and helped the club to the Northern Football League title in 2012–13.
Career.
Born in Peterlee, County Durham, Thompson began his career at Middlesbrough in the academy and youth team and he signed for the club at the start of the 2007–08 season but did not play a game for the first team. Released at the end of the season, he had a successful trial with Port Vale and signed with the club in May 2008, citing manager Lee Sinnott's style of play as a reason for joining the club.
He spent four months working off a hamstring injury, before making his debut as a 74th minute substitute on 6 December 2008 against Grimsby Town. His first league start came two weeks later in a 1–0 defeat to Chesterfield at Vale Park, he was taken off in the 53rd minute, despite the protestations of the home crowd. His first goal came against Rochdale on 28 December, as he hit a 90th minute winner for a Vale side reduced to 10-men. Described by Ian Brightwell as "probably the best finisher we have at the club", he was dropped from the first team in February 2009. He worked hard at the end of the season to put himself back in contention and made eight further appearances under Dean Glover before the season's end.
During a 2009–10 pre-season friendly with Nantwich Town, Thompson was dismissed for violent conduct, shoulder-barging an opposition player in an off-the-ball incident. Manager Micky Adams promised to punish Thompson in some way for his lack of discipline. Two days later Adams placed him on the transfer list, along with five other youngsters. Early the next month local Conference North side Stafford Rangers enquired about Thompson's availability, after fellow Vale youngster Ross Davidson performed well in his loan spell. A one month loan deal was quickly agreed. His contract with Port Vale was cancelled by mutual consent in October 2009, Thompson aimed to find first team football elsewhere. The next day he signed with Telford United of the Conference North. He spent one season with Telford, but had issues with the long distances he was travelling to the club from his home. He subsequently joined Northern Premier League Division One North side Durham City, and was described by the club's website as "a quick thinking classic playmaker who has pace, good feet and excellent passing ability which mean he is equally at home both scoring and making goals for others." Durham finished 17th in 2010–11, but resigned from the league at the end of 2011–12 to join the Northern League.
He signed with Northern League side Darlington 1883 in September 2012. The club won promotion as champions in 2012–13.

</doc>
<doc id="20571432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571432" title="Jochen Balke">
Jochen Balke

Joachim "Jochen" Balke (September 12, 1917 – MIA January 19, 1944) was a German breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dortmund and died in Veliky Novgorod.
In 1936 he finished sixth in the 200 metre breaststroke event.

</doc>
<doc id="20571440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571440" title="Rogier Meijer">
Rogier Meijer

Rogier Meijer (born September 5, 1981 in Doetinchem) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for the Danish club Vejle Boldklub. He rose to fame after a touching footage emerged of him being consoled his young daughter in the aftermath of De Graafschap's relegation in the end of 2011/12 season.
Statistics.
Last update: August 13, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20571460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571460" title="Darrell Powers">
Darrell Powers

Staff Sergeant Darrell C. "Shifty" Powers (March 13, 1923 – June 17, 2009) was a non-commissioned officer with Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, in the 101st Airborne Division during World War II. Powers was portrayed in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" by Peter Youngblood Hills. 
The 2011 book "Shifty's War" by journalist Marcus Brotherton, published by Penguin/Berkley-Caliber, captures Sgt. Powers' full life story. Powers was one of the twenty contributors to the 2009 book "We Who Are Alive and Remain: Untold Stories from the Band of Brothers".
Youth.
Powers was born in Clinchco, Dickenson County, Virginia. His father was an excellent rifle and pistol shot, and taught him how to shoot when he was young. Shifty spent a great deal of time in the outdoors hunting game prior to joining the service. This experience proved useful later as many of the skills he obtained helped him as a soldier. He learned most of his shooting during this period of time, and he got to the point where he could throw a coin in the air and hit it with a rifle. 
Powers graduated from high school and took a machinist course in a vocational school in Norfolk. There he befriended Robert 'Popeye' Wynn, and the two went to work in the shipyards in Portsmouth after finishing the course. When they found out that they were about to be frozen to the jobs, they went to sign up for the army. Powers enlisted on August 14, 1942, at Richmond, Virginia.
Powers's nickname 'Shifty' originated from his basketball days and his ability to be 'shifty' on his feet.
Military service.
Powers and Wynn both volunteered for the paratroopers, and became members of Easy Company. They received training in Camp Toccoa, Georgia under Captain Herbert Sobel. In Camp Toccoa, Powers were one of the two members in Easy Company that made expert riflemen (the other one was Buck Taylor), and received a three-day pass. Powers wanted to go home, but did not have enough money. Wynn took a helmet with him and walked through the barracks. He said, 'Shifty's got three days off and doesn't have enough money to get home. Everybody chip in a bit. Here - I'm going to start it with five dollars.' Everybody else threw in some money. Powers counted the money, and it was more than what he would need. Wynn grinned, 'Then give me my damn five dollars back.' 
Powers followed Easy Company to station in Aldbourne, England. He was shocked to see that the residents there were prepared to defend themselves against the Germans with only garden implements. He thought it would have been a massacre if the Germans had indeed invaded Aldbourne.
Powers jumped into Normandy on D-Day, missing his drop zone. He found Buck Taylor and later Bill Kiehn and the three linked up with Easy Company several days later to fight in Carentan. Powers participated in the Allied military operation Operation Market Garden in the Netherlands.
Powers also fought in the Battle of the Bulge in Belgium. On December 29, 1944, when Easy Company was staying in the wood, Powers noticed a tree that was not there just the day before and reported it the First Sergeant Carwood Lipton. The "tree" was ultimately discovered to be part of the camouflage the Germans put up for their antiaircraft battery. Lipton got approval for full battery fire to attack the area despite the short supply of artillery ammunition and the area was deserted within an hour. Many lives were probably saved with the destruction of the German antiaircraft battery. Lipton commented, 'It all happened, because Shifty saw a tree almost a mile away that hadn't been there the day before.' It was one of Powers most truly remarkable achievements and a testament to the extraordinary gifts his backwoods upbringing brought to Easy Company.
On January 13, 1945, when Easy Company was attacking Foy, several of the men were pinned down by a sniper. For some time, no one could locate. Suddenly, Powers yelled, 'I see 'im.' and fired his rifle. The sniper was silenced and the men were no longer pinned down. Later when Carwood Lipton and Wynn found the body of the sniper, they were shocked to see the bullet hole centered in the middle of his forehead. Wynn commented, 'You know, it just doesn't pay to be shootin' at Shifty when he's got a rifle.'
Powers was one of the very few who was never wounded in combat. Partly because of that, Powers lacked the sufficient points to return home under the military point system, although he was there every day when Easy Company fought on the line. Powers joined the lottery that was organized to allow one man from each company to return home early on a furlough. He won this lottery after the rest of the company rigged it in his favor by removing their own names and was set to return stateside. During the trip to the airfield, the vehicle that Shifty was in was involved in an accident and he was badly injured. He spent many months recuperating in hospitals overseas while his comrades in arms arrived home long before he did.
Later years.
Honorably discharged from the Army in the postwar demobilization, Powers became a machinist. He was married to his wife Dorothy for 60 years at the time of his death. He moved to California, got a machinist job there and stayed there for 3 years with his family. He was laid off when the company he worked for lost a government contract, and he returned home. He worked as a machinist for the Clinchfield Coal Corporation for more than twenty years. 
Powers in his later years was in declining health and was depressed. The Powers family noted the release of the Band of Brothers TV miniseries and the subsequent speaking engagements brought Powers out of the depression and speculated that the series bought Powers an extra years of life.
Powers is listed as one of 20 men from Easy Company who contributed to the 2009 book "We Who Are Alive and Remain: Untold Stories from the Band of Brothers", published by Penguin/Berkley-Caliber. 
Powers died of lung cancer on June 17, 2009, in Dickenson County, Virginia. He is buried at Temple Hill Memorial Park, Castlewood, Russell County, Virginia.
"Band of Brothers".
In the first edition of the book Band of Brothers, Ambrose wrote that in December 23 Powers disobeyed a direct order from Lieutenant Edward Shames to go out on a patrol because he was discouraged. Both Shames and Powers denied that had happened. Powers called it 'a slap in the face'. Upon request and verification, Ambrose deleted that story from the later edition of the book.
Powers was a character in the HBO Band of Brothers TV miniseries. In the episode of the Last Patrol, Powers was shown to be one of the soldiers participating in the patrol mission. In reality, Powers was not on that patrol. It was confirmed by Earl McClung, one of Powers's best friend in Easy Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20571471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571471" title="Château de Groussay">
Château de Groussay

The Château de Groussay is located in the town of Montfort-l'Amaury, in the Department of Yvelines, in France. The Château was built in 1815 by the duchesse de Charest, a daughter of Louise Elisabeth de Croÿ-Havré, marquise de Tourzel, the governess of the royal "enfants de France" of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette.
History.
The Château was purchased in 1938-39 by the French aesthete Carlos de Beistegui, who enlarged it, with the professional help of Emilio Terry. Cecil Beaton's inspiration for Henry Higgins' library in "My Fair Lady" was the library at Groussay. 
Beistegui created new gardens, inspired by the Anglo-Chinese gardens of the 18th century and by an 18th-century copper tent in the royal gardens of Drottningholm Palace in Sweden. They feature a Chinese pagoda, a labyrinth, a theater of verdure, a Tartar tent, and other follies. The Gardens are classified by the French government as one of the Remarkable Gardens of France.
After Beistegui's death in 1970, the Château passed to his brother, and then his nephew, who sold it in 1999, realizing $26.5 million for the contents alone, many of which had come from another of Carlos de Beistegui's homes, the Palazzo Labia in Venice. In 2012, it was sold again and the owner is Rubis International managed by Bekhzod Akhmedov.
The château and park of Groussay appeared in Marc Allégret's last film "Le Bal du comte d'Orgel" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="20571500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571500" title="Trish Salah">
Trish Salah

Trish Salah is a Canadian feminist writer and educator. Her first volume of poetry, "Wanting in Arabic", was published in 2002 by TSAR Publications and reissued in a new edition in 2013.
Salah was born and raised in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and is of Lebanese and Irish Canadian heritage. She later studied creative writing at Concordia University in Montreal, and subsequently completed a Ph.D. in English Literature at York University in Toronto. She currently teaches at the University of Winnipeg. Her creative and scholarly work addresses transgender and transsexual themes, as well as questions of diasporic Arab identity, anti-racism, queer politics and economic and social justice. Her poetry moves between and combines traditional and experimental forms.
Publications.
Books.
Wanting In Arabic: Poems. Toronto: Tsar Publications, 2002.
Edited Volumes.
Canadian Review of American Studies. “Special Issue on Anne Marie MacDonald’s Fall on Your Knees.” Co-edited with Sara Matthews and Dina Georgis. 35.2 (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20571506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571506" title="International Junior Hockey League">
International Junior Hockey League

International Junior Hockey League was an independent Tier III Junior A ice hockey league. The League had teams in the New England and Mid Atlantic region of the United States.
League History.
The league formed in 2005 out of the Interstate Junior Hockey League with teams based in the Northeastern United States and expanded over the next few seasons. Charlie Nielsen is the commissioner of the league.
In December 2011, the Northern New York Gamblers of Massena, New York opted to leave the IJHL.
In july of 2012 the ijhl folded after the "Super Elite" league went under. Most of the "Super Elite" league members decided to create a new league called the Northern States Junior Hockey League (NSHL) so they could resume play in the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="20571524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571524" title="William Reeves (bishop)">
William Reeves (bishop)

William Reeves (16 March 1815 – 12 January 1892) was an Irish antiquarian and the Church of Ireland Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore from 1886 until his death. He was the last private keeper of the Book of Armagh and at the time of his death was President of the Royal Irish Academy.
Early life.
Born at Charleville, County Cork, on 16 March 1815, Reeves was the eldest child of Boles D'Arcy Reeves, an attorney, whose wife Mary was a daughter of Captain Jonathan Bruce Roberts, land agent to the 8th Earl of Cork. This grandfather had fought at the Battle of Bunker's Hill, and Reeves was born at his house in Charleville.
From 1823, Reeves was educated at the school of John Browne in Leeson Street, Dublin, and after that at a school kept by the Rev. Edward Geoghegan. In October 1830, he entered Trinity College, Dublin, where he quickly gained a prize for Hebrew. In his third year he became a scholar and went on to graduate BA in 1835. He proceeded to read medicine, won the Berkeley Medal, and graduated MB in 1837. His object in taking his second degree was that he intended to become a clergyman and to practice the medical profession among the poor of his parish.
Life and work.
In 1838, he was appointed Master of the diocesan school in Ballymena, County Antrim, and was ordained a deacon of Hillsborough. The next year, he was ordained a priest of the Church of Ireland at Derry.
In 1844, Reeves rediscovered the lost site of Nendrum Monastery when he visited Mahee Island in Strangford Lough, County Down, searching for churches recorded in 1306, and recognised the remains of a round tower.
By 1845, Reeves was corresponding with the Irish scholar John O'Donovan, and an archive of their letters between 1845 and 1860 is preserved at University College, Dublin. In July 1845, Reeves visited London.
Reeves's career was furthered by his learned work. His first book, published in 1847, was his "Ecclesiastical Antiquities of Down, Connor and Dromore", but by then he was already a member of the Royal Irish Academy. By the time he published his "Acts of Archbishop Colton" (1850) he was also a Doctor of divinity. In 1850, as in 1847, he was Perpetual Curate of Kilconriola.
Reeves resided in Ballymena from 1841 to 1858, when he was appointed vicar of Lusk following the success of his edition of Adomnán's Life of Saint Columba (1857). He had worked on this with Dr James Henthorn Todd, who was patron of the living at Lusk. Reeves's edition of Adomnán's "Life of Columba" has been called "the best and fullest collection of materials on the early Irish Church in one volume". With regard to the Celtic Church, Reeves himself described Adomnán's work as – 
In 1853, Reeves bought from the Brownlow family the important 9th-century manuscript known as the "Book of Armagh", paying three hundred pounds for it. He sold the book for the same sum to Archbishop Beresford, who had agreed to present it to Trinity, Reeves's "alma mater".
Crockford's Clerical Directory for 1868 gives him as "Reeves, William, DD, Rural Dean, Rector of Tynan, Librarian Armagh Library (Armagh)".
Reeves was a friend of Margaret Stokes and with his colleague Todd is credited with setting off her interest in Irish antiquities.
The author and antiquarian Samuel Ferguson wrote of Reeves in 1867: 
In 1886, Reeves was appointed as Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore, and in 1891 was elected as President of the Royal Irish Academy. As bishop, he resided at Conway House, Dunmurry, County Antrim, and signed his name "Wm. Down and Connor".
Reeves died in Dublin on 12 January 1892, while still President of the Academy. At the time of his death, he was working on a diplomatic edition of the "Book of Armagh", by then in the Trinity College Library. The work was completed by Dr John Gwynn and published in 1913.
In November 1889, Reeves had bought the important collection of Irish manuscripts of Robert Shipboy MacAdam (1808–1895), a Belfast business man and archaeologist. In 1892, after Reeves's death, this collection was bought for the Royal Irish Academy by the Rev. Maxwell Close and is still held by the Academy, under the name of 'The Mac Adam and Reeves Collection'.
Mary, Lady Ferguson, the widow of Reeves's friend Sir Samuel Ferguson, published a biography in 1893, "The Life of the Right Rev. William Reeves, DD, Lord Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore", and this reproduces a portrait of him.
A "Catalogue of the Library of the Late Right Rev. William Reeves" (1892) contains sections relating to the Royal Irish Academy, Scotland, Ireland, the Athanasian Creed, the Utrecht Psalter, the Old Testament, and 'Household Furniture'.
In 1941 Reeves's papers, including some in the Irish language, were donated to Marsh's Library by Dean Webster.
Reeves's "Notices of Certain Crannogs... in the Counties of Antrim and Londonderry" (1860) and his "The Culdees of the British Islands" (1864) both appeared in new editions in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20571528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571528" title="George Kopacz">
George Kopacz

George Felix Kopacz (born February 26, 1941, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American former first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Atlanta Braves () and the Pittsburgh Pirates (). Listed at and , Kopacz batted and threw left-handed.
In his two MLB trials, Kopacz was a .120 hitter (3-for-25) with one run scored in 16 games. He did not have any extra base hits and did not drive in a run. However, he played 14 seasons (1960–1973) of minor league baseball and in 1970 he was the Most Valuable Player of the Triple-A International League, with a batting average of .310, 29 home runs and 115 RBI.

</doc>
<doc id="20571535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571535" title="John Wood (Florida politician)">
John Wood (Florida politician)

John Wood (born on December 7, 1952) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 41st District, which includes Winter Haven and Haines City in northern Polk County, since 2012, and previously representing the 65th District from 2008 to 2012.
History.
Wood was born in Lakeland, and attended the University of Florida, though he did not graduate, instead transferring to Columbia University, where he received a degree in economics in 1974. Following that, he attended the Florida State University College of Law, receiving his juris doctor in 1977. Wood moved to Winter Haven, where he worked as an attorney and realtor, and founded John Wood Enterprises.
Florida House of Representatives.
When incumbent State Representative Marty Bowen, was unable to seek re-election in 2008 due to term limits, he ran to succeed her in the 65th District, which included parts of northern Polk County and stretched to the county's border with Osceola County. Wood won the Republican primary unopposed and faced Bob Hagenmaier, the Democratic nominee in the general election. Wood raised significantly more money than did Hagenmaier, who opted to not accept any campaign contributions whatsoever, but only narrowly defeated him by 2,450 votes, winning 52% of the vote to Hagenmaier's 48%. When he ran for re-election in 2008, he only faced independent candidate Joshua Davis. Wood was reluctantly endorsed by "The Ledger", which noted that despite his unremarkable voting record, he "has the better overview of the legislative landscape." In stark contrast to his narrow win two years prior, Wood defeated Davis comforably with 67% of the vote.
In 2012, when the legislative districts were redrawn, Wood was moved into the 41st District, which contained much of the territory that he had previously represented in the 65th District. Wood was opposed in the Republican primary by Tea Party activist John Lindsey, who argued, "John Wood tends to represent the old special interests. He has not passed significant legislation." Lindsey proved no match for Wood, however, who defeated him in a landslide, winning 65% of the vote. Wood then advanced to the general election, where he faced Karen Cooper Welzel, the Democratic nominee. Welzel attacked the incumbent over his support for budget cuts in education, while Wood criticized her for focusing too much on social issues; he argued, "To me, the economy is the number one issue." Despite once again significantly outraising his opponent, Wood only narrowly won re-election, defeating Welzel by fewer than 2,000 votes and with 51% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20571545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571545" title="John Sullivan (shortstop)">
John Sullivan (shortstop)

John Paul Sullivan (November 2, 1920 – September 20, 2007) was an American professional baseball player and a Major League Baseball shortstop. He played six seasons in the majors, between and , for the Washington Senators and St. Louis Browns. Sullivan was the Senators' starting shortstop from 1942 until 1944, when his career was interrupted by World War II. Upon his return in 1947, he was mainly used as a reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20571553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571553" title="Sandy Robertson">
Sandy Robertson

Sandy Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20571571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571571" title="Lonesome Standard Time">
Lonesome Standard Time

Lonesome Standard Time is an album released in 1992 by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. Her seventh studio album, it was also her fourth to receive an RIAA gold certification, although none of its singles were Top Ten country hits. The title track was its lead-off single, peaking at #11 on Hot Country Songs, followed by the Top 20 "Standing Knee Deep in a River (Dying of Thirst)", then "Seeds" (her first single since 1985 to miss the Top 40) and "Listen to the Radio", which also failed to make Top 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20571572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571572" title="Judgment Day (2003)">
Judgment Day (2003)

Judgment Day (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by Clearasil that took place on May 18, 2003, at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the fifth annual WWE Judgment Day event and featured wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.
Eight professional wrestling matches were scheduled for the event which featured a supercard, a scheduling of more than one main bout. The first match from the SmackDown! brand featured WWE Champion Brock Lesnar's defeat of The Big Show in a Stretcher match to retain the title after Rey Mysterio interfered, attacking The Big Show. The second match from the Raw brand was between Kevin Nash and World Heavyweight Champion Triple H, where Nash won by disqualification. Three matches were featured on the undercard. The first match featured Women's Champion Jazz defeating Victoria, Jacqueline. and Trish Stratus in a Fatal Four-Way Match to retain the title. The next was a Battle Royal featuring Christian, Val Venis, Chris Jericho, Lance Storm, Test, Rob Van Dam, Kane, Goldust and Booker T for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. Christian won the title, re-activating it after it had been unified with the World Heavyweight Championship in 2002. The final was between the team of Eddie Guerrero and Tajiri, and the team of Team Angle (Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin) in a ladder match for the WWE Tag Team Championship. Guerrero and Tajiri won the match and the titles.
Background.
The event featured nine professional wrestling matches with outcomes predetermined by WWE script writers. The matches featured wrestlers portraying their characters in planned storylines that took place before, during and after the event. All wrestlers were from either one of the WWE's brands – SmackDown or Raw – the two storyline divisions in which WWE assigned its employees.
The main feud heading into WrestleMania on the SmackDown! brand was between Brock Lesnar and Big Show, with the two feuding over the WWE Championship. At Backlash, The Big Show defeated Rey Mysterio and then smashed him with a streatcher on the ringpost. The next Smackdown, Lesnar confronted Big Show about it while Big Show refused to face him. The next week, Big Show was set to team up with A-Train against Chris Benoit and Brock Lesnar, as Lesnar challenged Big Show to a Stretcher match at Judgment Day. The F-B-I then locked Lesnar in his room as Big Show defeated Benoit. Big Show tried to injure Benoit as he did to Mysterio but Lesnar saved him, only to get chokeslammed by Big Show. The next week, Big Show took Rey Mysterio during an interview to the ring as Lesnar ran out to save Rey, helping him hitting Show.
The main feud on the Raw brand was between Triple H and Kevin Nash, with the two feuding over the World Heavyweight Championship. After Triple H pinned Nash at the six men tag at Backlash, him and Ric Flair challenged Rob Van Dam and Kane for the Tag titles. Nash interfered and then chased Triple H out of the arena, as Triple H flew with his car. The next week, both Nash and Triple H were guests of the Highlight Reel, Chris Jericho's talk show. Both brawled all over the arena. The next week, Nash fought against Jericho, and won after Shawn Michaels pervented Triple H and Ric Flair from interfering. Nash then hit Triple H with the Jacknife Powerbomb.
The secondary feud on the SmackDown! brand was between Mr. America (Hulk Hogan) and Roddy Piper. After Hogan won against Vince McMahon t WrestleMania XIX, McMahon was frustrated with him and wanted Hulkamania to die, and forced him to sit out the rest of his contract. For weeks after that, mysterious Mr. America promos airing for weeks during SmackDown! shows. On May 1, Mr. America debuted on SmackDown! on a Piper's Pit segment. McMahon appeared and claimed that Mr. America was Hulk Hogan in disguise; Mr. America shot back by saying, "I am not Hulk Hogan, brother!" (lampooning Hogan's use of "brother" in his promos). McMahon couldn't fire Mr. America due to his contract with Stephanie McMahon. The next week, Vince said that he would prove that Mr. America is Hulk Hogan in order to fire him. He interviewed Hogan live via sattelite from his home, but then was informed that Mr. America was in the building. Vince tried to rip the mask off Mr. America's face but Mr. America laid him out. The next week, Piper challenged Mr. America to a match at Judgment Day, but then Piper attacked Mr. America and his fan. Piper then pulled the prosthetic leg off the fan, who was revealed as Zach Gowen.

</doc>
<doc id="20571589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571589" title="Regulation of chemicals">
Regulation of chemicals

The regulation of chemicals is the legislative intent of a variety of national laws or international initiatives such as agreements, strategies or conventions. These international initiatives define the policy of further regulations to be implemented locally as well as exposure or emission limits. Often, regulatory agencies oversee the enforcement of these laws.
International initiatives.
Strategic Approach to International Chemicals Management 
(SAICM) -. This initiative was adopted at the International Conference on Chemicals Management (ICCM), which took place from 4–6 February 2006 in Dubai gathering Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations. It defines a policy framework to foster the sound worldwide management of chemicals. 
This initiative covers risk assessments of chemicals and harmonized labeling up to tackling obsolete and stockpiled products. Are included provisions for national centres aimed at helping in the developing world, train staff in chemical safety as well as dealing with spills and accidents. SAICM is a voluntary agreement. 
A second International Conference on Chemicals Management -ICCM2- held in May 2009 in Geneva took place in order to enhance synergies and cost effectiveness and to promote SAICM’s multi-sectorial nature. 
Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals (GHS)[]
The “Globally Harmonised System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals” (GHS) proposes harmonised hazard communication elements, including labels and safety data sheets. It was adopted by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) in 2002. This system aims to ensure a better protection of human health and the environment during the handling of chemicals, including their transport and use. The classification of chemicals is done based on their hazard. This harmonisation will facilitate trade when implemented entirely. 
Stockholm Convention [http://www.unido.org/index.php?id=5279]- 
The Stockholm Convention is a global treaty to protect human health and the environment from persistent organic pollutants(POPs). It entered into force, on 17 May 2004, and over 150 countries signed the Convention. In May 2009, nine new chemicals are proposed for listing which then contained 12 substances. 
Rotterdam Convention – 
The objectives of the Rotterdam Convention are:
• to promote shared responsibility and cooperative efforts among Parties in the international trade of certain hazardous chemicals in order to protect human health and the environment from potential harm;
• to contribute to the environmentally sound use of those hazardous chemicals, by facilitating information exchange about their characteristics, by providing for a national decision-making process on their import and export and by disseminating these decisions to Parties. 
The text of the Convention was adopted on 10 September 1998 by a Conference in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The Convention entered into force on 24 February 2004. The Convention creates legally binding obligations for the implementation of the Prior Informed Consent (PIC) procedure. 
Basel Convention –
The Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal is a global environmental agreement on hazardous and other wastes. It came into force in 1992. The Convention has 172 Parties and aims to protect human health and the environment against the adverse effects resulting from the generation, management, transboundary movements and disposal of hazardous and other wastes.
Montreal Protocol – The Montreal Protocol was a globally coordinated regulatory action that sought to regulate ozone-depleting chemicals. 191 countries have ratified the treaty.
Regional regulations.
USA: The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) of the US has announced that the chemicals management laws will be strengthened. It will initiate a comprehensive approach to enhance the current chemicals management program including:
 New Regulatory Risk Management Actions 
 Development of Chemical Action Plans, which will target the risk management efforts on chemicals of concern 
 Requiring Information Needed to Understand Chemical Risks 
 Increasing Public Access to Information About Chemicals 
 Engaging Stakeholders in Prioritizing Chemicals for Future Risk Management Action. Chemicals are regulated under various laws including the Toxic Substances Control Act. In 2010, Congress was considering a new law entitled the Safe Chemicals Act.
EU: Chemicals in Europe are managed by the REACH (Registration, Evaluation and Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals) and the CLP (Classification, Labelling and Packaging) regulations. Specific regulations exist for specific families of products such as Fertilisers, Detergents, Explosives, Pyrotechnic Articles, Drug Precursors.

</doc>
<doc id="20571605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571605" title="Tom Grady">
Tom Grady

Tom Grady (born May 14, 1958) in Fairview Park, Ohio.
Grady is a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He attended Florida State University and graduated with a finance degree in 1979. He then went on to Law School at Duke University and graduated with his juris doctorate in 1982. It should also be noted he lives in Naples, Florida with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20571623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571623" title="Abdelhali Chaiat">
Abdelhali Chaiat

Abdelhali "Appie" Chaiat (born 15 November 1983 in Saka, Taza Province) is a Moroccan footballer who last played for Dutch second division side AGOVV Apeldoorn as a striker.
Career.
FC Utrecht.
Chaiat began his professional career at FC Utrecht. On 11 April 2003, he made his debut in an Eredivisie-match against Willem II which ended 1–1. In his first season in Utrecht, he played seven league-matches and scored two goals. The following year, he was mostly on the bench or a reserve.
Volendam and De Graafschap.
In the 2004-05 season, Chaiat was signed by FC Volendam, who then played in the Eerste Divisie. He stayed in Volendam for four years and eventually won the league in 2008, and therefore promotion to the Eredivisie. Subsequently, Chaiat becomes heavily injured in a friendly against the Suriprofs. De Graafschap had already signed him on a pre-contract prior to the injury. On 20 July 2010, his contract was terminated after he gained too much weight, after more than a year of medical rehabilitation, since the injury.
AGOVV.
Hereafter, Chaiat signed a contract with AGOVV Apeldoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="20571665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571665" title="Clearance hole">
Clearance hole


</doc>
<doc id="20571666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571666" title="Mike Horner (politician)">
Mike Horner (politician)

Michael "Mike" Horner (born January 8, 1968, Jacksonville, Florida) is an American politician and a former Republican member of the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He abruptly resigned his seat on September 24, 2012, when his name surfaced on the client list of an Orange County, Florida brothel owner, who is currently facing racketeering and prostitution charges.
Horner graduated with a Bachelors degree from the University of Florida in 1989. He then went on to graduate school at the University of Central Florida, and graduated with a Masters in Public Administration in 1995. He currently lives in Kissimmee, Florida with his family.
In 2012, Horner resigned from the Florida House of Representatives after his name surfaced on a list of clients in evidence against an accused prostitution ring leader. In his resignation statement, Horner said "I deeply regret decisions I made that are causing my family unjustifiable pain and embarrassment."
References.
Huffington Post.

</doc>
<doc id="20571672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571672" title="Abre Tu Corazón">
Abre Tu Corazón

"Abre Tu Corazón" (Translated: "Open Your Heart") is the lead off single from María José Castillo's first studio album, María José.
Background and promotion.
The single was set to be released on a CD single, but due to the failure of Castillo's "María José" internationally it was cancelled. The CD single was set to include the album version of the song, the instrumental version, the a cappella version, her second single "Vuela" and others. Even that the release was cancelled, a fan made version of the CD single is often found by fans. 
Castillo did not film any music video for the song, but fan-made videos using several live performances, mixes from public appearances, and her performances on Latin American Idol are available.
Tracklistings.
The following tracklistings are for the original tracklisting of the CD single and the fan-made CD single tracklisting respectivelly.
Original CD Single Tracklisting
Fan-Made CD Single

</doc>
<doc id="20571674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571674" title="Robert Trefusis">
Robert Trefusis

Robert Edward Trefusis was the first suffragan Bishop of Crediton from 1897 to 1930.
Born in Bideford on 24 January 1843, he was educated at Cheltenham College and Exeter College, Oxford. Ordained in 1866, he began his ordained ministry as a curate in Buckingham. He was then Vicar of Chittlehampton before a 33 year stint as Suffragan Bishop of Crediton. He died on 9 July 1930.
He celebrated the dedication of the Exeter War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20571677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571677" title="Left Behind (film series)">
Left Behind (film series)

The "Left Behind" film series is a series of films based on the "Left Behind" best-selling book series by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins. They were produced by Cloud Ten Pictures, and directed by Vic Sarin ('), Bill Corcoran ('), and Craig R. Baxley (""). Kirk Cameron stars as Buck Williams, along with Brad Johnson, Janaya Stephens, Clarence Gilyard, Jr., Gordon Currie, Chelsea Noble, Colin Fox, and Academy Award winner Louis Gossett, Jr..
At the time of its release, "Left Behind: The Movie" was the most expensive Christian film ever made. It received mostly negative reviews from critics and had a very mediocre box office run. All three films were criticized for their low production quality. A big-budget theatrical remake of the first film is currently in production. Nicolas Cage and Chad Michael Murray are set to star. The film is planned to be released widely in spring 2014.
Future.
On August 7, 2008, Cloud Ten Pictures announced that it had entered into a settlement agreement resolving the two lawsuits against it and Namesake Entertainment, which co-produced the original films. The suit was filed by Tim LaHaye. The settlement ended a legal dispute over the "Left Behind" film rights that began in 2000.
According to an article on the Cloud Ten Pictures official site, "Cloud Ten Pictures plans on producing a big-budget, wide theatrical release based on the ground-breaking original LEFT BEHIND novel".
The remake is currently in production, with Nicolas Cage, Chad Michael Murray, Lea Thompson, and Cassi Thomson all set to star. Vic Armstrong will direct the film. The budget is estimated at $15 million. Principal photography commenced on August 9, 2013 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20571678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571678" title="Continental Micronesia Flight 614">
Continental Micronesia Flight 614

Continental Air Micronesia Flight 614 was a Boeing 727-92C, N18479, that crashed at 09:52 local time on November 21, 1980.
The Continental Air Micronesia airliner crashed while attempting to land on runway 7 at Yap International Airport on Yap in the western Caroline Islands when the right main landing gear immediately separated from the aircraft. The aircraft touched down 13 feet (4 m) short of the runway, gradually veered off the runway and came to rest in the jungle about 1,700 feet (518 m) beyond the initial touchdown point. Fire erupted along the right side of the aircraft as it came to a stop. All 73 occupants (67 passengers and 6 crewmembers) escaped before fire destroyed the aircraft. Three persons received serious injuries; the remainder received minor or no injuries.
Cause.
Following, the probable cause of this accident was the captain's premature reduction of thrust in combination with flying a shallow approach slope angle to an improper touchdown aim point. These actions resulted in a high rate of descent and a touchdown on upward sloping terrain short of the runway threshold, damaging the right landing gear. Contributing to the accident were the captain's lack of recent experience in the Boeing 727 aircraft, wrongly applying his previous experience in flying McDonnell Douglas DC-10 aircraft to the Boeing 727.

</doc>
<doc id="20571686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571686" title="Collin Mooney">
Collin Mooney

Collin Karl Mooney (born 3 April 1986) is an American football fullback for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League. He played college football for the Army Black Knights of the United States Military Academy. Mooney is West Point's all-time single-season rushing leader with 1,339 yards. In the last play of the 2008 Army-Navy Game, his final college game, he bested Mike Mayweather's record by a single yard.
Early years.
Mooney was born in Houston, Texas to Chuck and Kris Mooney. Mooney attended highschool at James E. Taylor where he played on both sides of the ball as a fullback and linebacker. He was a three-year letterwinner in football and earned All-Academic team honors all four years. Mooney also played baseball and belonged to the National Honor Society.
College career.
Mooney first played in the 2006 season and saw action in nine games, including a role on special teams. In 2007, Mooney played as a back-up in all 12 games.
In 2008, Mooney ran for a record 1,339 yards in 12 games. In an overtime loss against Buffalo, Mooney rushed for 172 yards and two touchdowns including an 81-yard touchdown run. For his performance against the Bulls, who went on to beat undefeated Ball State for the MAC championship, Mooney was honored with a "helmet sticker" by ESPN. In a loss at Rice, Mooney picked up 61 yards in a touchdown run. Mooney scored four touchdowns in the 44–13 victory over Tulane. For this, he was bestowed West Point's Black Death Award for "near perfect play", named the Army Athletic Association Athlete of the Week, and nominated for the AT&T All-America Player of the Week honors.
In the last play of his final game for West Point, the 2008 Army-Navy Game, Mooney beat the old school record for single-season rushing by one yard, setting the new record at 1,339 yards. The record was previously held by Mike Mayweather, who still holds the West Point record for career rushing. Army defensive coordinator John Mumford caused some controversy earlier in the season when he stated that "Collin Mooney is probably better than any Navy fullback we've ever faced. Not to compliment Navy, but that's a compliment to Collin."
Mooney played for the East squad in the 2009 East-West Shrine Game. He will likely serve a minimum three years as an Army officer before being granted a release to play professional football, with Caleb Campbell being a precedent the year prior.
Professional career.
Mooney was signed by the Tennessee Titans on May 1, 2012 after going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20571689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571689" title="Norfolk Family History Society">
Norfolk Family History Society

The Norfolk Family History Society (NFHS for short) is a family history society in the county of Norfolk in England. It aims to represent people interested in researching family history and genealogy related to their Norfolk ancestors. This is reflected in their Motto, "Præterita Scrutari" which translates as "Researching the Past".
They are a United Kingdom based charitable organisation and member of the Federation of Family History Societies. Branches of the Society operate in East, West and South Norfolk, Norwich and London. They currently have around 3,800 members including members from as far afield as Australia and U.S.A.
History.
The NFHS was originally formed in 1968 as the Norfolk & Norwich Genealogical Society with the aim of publishing information relating to genealogy in Norfolk. Published series of books were colloquially known as the Blue Books. In 1996 the Society reformed as the Norfolk Family History Society with the aim of representing the wider interests of members.
Activities.
The Society coordinates a number of projects aimed at widening access to information of interest to genealogists and family historians, including Monumental Inscriptions, Parish Register Transcripts and a Family Tree Appeal.
It also runs a varied programme of talks, events and courses for members during the year, as well as attending external events.
Family History Resources.
The NFHS holds an extensive collection of genealogical resources, including parish register transcripts, family trees, pedigrees, monumental inscriptions, census returns, wills and magazines from other U.K. family history societies at its "Kirby Hall" library. Indexes of many of these records are published for the Society's members on its website using the Frontis Archive Publishing System.

</doc>
<doc id="20571697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571697" title="Newfoundland Royal Naval Reserve">
Newfoundland Royal Naval Reserve

Establishment of the Reserve.
The Naval Reserve was established in 1900 with the government paying for the expenses of men who came to St. John's for 28 days of training on board HMS "Calypso". The vessel was to have been berthed at Argentia, but Sir Cavendish Boyle, the governor, suggested that most people, crew and citizens alike, would appreciate having the ship docked in St. John's. After their training, the men were to be available for service for five years. Similar Reserves were formed in other countries and colonies of the British Empire.
Contributions during World War I.
When World War I began Walter Edward Davidson, the governor of Newfoundland, committed to increasing the Reserve to 1000 men, and to do so relaxed some of the age and health requirements for joining. In less than a year that number was exceeded. Unlike the Royal Newfoundland Regiment, which served as an intact unit, the men of the Naval Reserve were dispersed throughout the Royal Navy. A list of those who served with the Naval Reserve between 1914 and 1918 is available on-line. The members of the Naval Reserve are represented by a sailor holding a spyglass on the west wing of the Newfoundland National War Memorial in St. John's. Members of the Reserve who died during the war are honoured at the Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial in France. Sir Winston Churchill remarked that the Newfoundlanders were "the best small boat men in the world".

</doc>
<doc id="20571699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571699" title="Chathamiidae">
Chathamiidae

Chathamiidae is a family of case making caddisflies more commonly known as the marine caddisflies. Chathamiids are unique among insects in their invasion of the tide pool environment. Larvae construct their cases of coralline algae. The four described species are distributed along the coasts of New Zealand, New South Wales, and the Chatham Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20571700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571700" title="Donald Barthelme bibliography">
Donald Barthelme bibliography

This is a bibliography of works by Donald Barthelme.
Short Works.
Includes short stories, satires, parodies, fables, and illustrated stories, arranged by first date of publication.

</doc>
<doc id="20571710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571710" title="Dave Vineyard">
Dave Vineyard

David Kent Vineyard (born February 25, 1941) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Baltimore Orioles during the season. Listed at 6' 3", 195 lb., Vineyard batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Clay, West Virginia.
In one season career, Vineyard posted a 2-5 record with a 4.17 ERA in 19 pitching appearances, including six starts and one complete game, giving up 34 runs (nine unearned) on 57 hits and 27 walks while striking out 50 in 54 innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="20571722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571722" title="Última Hora (Nuevo Laredo)">
Última Hora (Nuevo Laredo)

Última Hora ("Last Hour") is a Spanish language newspaper published in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The newspaper was founded on July 26, 1996, as "Dos, Enlace de Culturas" by Benjamin Galvan Gomes. The name was changed to "Ultima Hora" on November 13, 1998. The newspaper is printed daily at 5:00 PM CST to ensure the latest news is read and the newspaper is sold until 10:30 AM CST. Última Hora is also circulated in Laredo, Texas, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20571724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571724" title="Bogdon Box Bass">
Bogdon Box Bass

Bogdon Box Bass is an acoustic/electric cardboard box upright bass musical instrument. The 2-string box bass is tuned to E-A and the 3-string box bass is tuned to E-A-D (or A-D-G). The neck is made of red oak, the strings are 100% nylon known as weed whacker twine. The tone is warm and natural. The Bogdon Box Bass was originally available only as a kit that needs to be assembled. The National Association of Musical Merchandisers awarded the
Bogdon-3 as Best in Show at the Summer 2008 exhibition. It is a Michigan product available world wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20571725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571725" title="Bill Heiser">
Bill Heiser

William Heiser (born January 13, 1973 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is the Principal of Catonsville High School in Baltimore County Public Schools (MD). Dr. Heiser was named High School Principal of the Year by the Maryland Association of Secondary School Principals (MASSP) in 2013. Prior to his career in education, Heiser was a former U.S. soccer defender. He was a member of the FIFA U-16 World Championship 1989 held in Scotland.
Professional Career.
Dr. Heiser served as Principal of North County High School in Anne Arundel County Public Schools from 2010-2013. He was named High School Principal of the Year by the Maryland Association of Secondary Principals (MASSP) in 2013. Currently, Dr. Heiser is the Principal at Catonsville High School in Baltimore County, Maryland.
Soccer career.
Heiser grew up in Bowie, MD and was an outstanding soccer player for Eleanor Roosevelt High School (Maryland), graduating in 1991. Heiser was a National Soccer Coaches Association of America Youth All-American (1989) and a Parade Magazine High School All American (1990). In 1989, he was a member of the United States U-16 National Soccer Team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship where he was an unused substitute. The U.S. went 1-1-1 and failed to make the second round. In 1991, he entered Loyola University Maryland where he played four years on the men’s soccer team, 1991-1995. Heiser was drafted by the Washington Warthogs of the Continental Indoor Soccer League and the Baltimore Spirit of the National Professional Soccer League but elected to not pursue a professional career. He instead returned to school to gain a master's degree and doctoral degree in education. He spent one season as an assistant coach at the University of Georgetown and as an assistant coach with the Maryland Pride of the Women's Premier Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="20571743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571743" title="George Otis Smith">
George Otis Smith

George Otis Smith (February 22, 1871 – January 10, 1944) was an American geologist.
Life and career.
Smith was born in Hodgdon, Maine. He graduated from Colby College in 1893 and earned a Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1896. He served as director of United States Geological Survey from 1907 to 1922 and 1923 to 1930. He also served as the first chairman of the Federal Power Commission under Herbert Hoover from 1930 to 1933. Smith died in Augusta, Maine.
USGS career.
Smith was the Geologist-in-charge of the Section of Petrography of the Geologic Branch, succeeded Charles Doolittle Walcott as Director in May 1907 and continued as Director until December 1930. Smith had joined the Survey after receiving his doctorate from Johns Hopkins University in 1896, and he was barely 36 years old when he was appointed Director. His Survey career had not been particularly distinguished, but he had come to the attention of the new Secretary of the Interior, James R. Garfield, in 1906 when Smith had served as chairman of one of the subcommittees of a Presidential commission that sought to put the operation of Government agencies on a modern businesslike basis. Smith was particularly interested in a business policy for the public domain. He also believed that the work of the Survey should be primarily although not exclusively practical.
After the great coal strike in 1922, a Coal Commission was established to study the problems of the industry and to aid Congress on legislation that would ensure the Nation of an adequate supply of coal. Director Smith was a member of the Commission, and the Geological Survey's resource data provided the basis for much of the Commission's report. In 1924, Smith unsuccessfully urged resumption of coal research in much the same terms as Walcott had used in 1898. Director Smith also served as Chairman of a three-man commission appointed by President Calvin Coolidge in March 1924, after the Teapot Dome scandal, to study the efficient management of the naval petroleum reserves, and as Chairman of the Advisory Committee to the Cabinet-level Federal Oil Conservation Board established in December 1924 to reappraise Federal oil policies.
In the fall of 1929, the first Hoover budget called for increased funds for scientific agencies, including $100,000 for fundamental research in geologic sciences, the first substantial increase in Federal funds for geologic investigations since 1915. In the spring of 1930, Congress appropriated $2.87 million for the Geological Survey and also appropriated funds for the expenses of a commission on the conservation and administration of the public domain. In December 1930, Hoover appointed Smith to the newly reorganized Federal Power Commission and then appointed Walter Curran Mendenhall to succeed Smith as Director. (USGS History)

</doc>
<doc id="20571751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571751" title="Hakol Over Habibi">
Hakol Over Habibi

Hakol Over Habibi was an Israeli musical band which represented their country in Eurovision Song Contest 1981 with the song "Halayla". The band consisted of: Shlomit Aharon, Kikki Rotstein, Yuval Dor and Ami Mendelman. They had originally been offered the song "Hallelujah" as a potential Eurovision entry in 1978 but turned it down. The song went on to represent Israel in 1979 but was performed by Gali Atari and Milk and Honey.

</doc>
<doc id="20571766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571766" title="You Belong to Me (2001 film)">
You Belong to Me (2001 film)

You Belong to Me is a film adaptation of the novel written by Mary Higgins Clark. Lesley-Anne Down and Tony DeSantis star in the film. The film is directed by Paolo Barzman.

</doc>
<doc id="20571770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571770" title="Mike Kim">
Mike Kim

Mike Kim (born December 11, 1976) is an author, consultant, inspirational speaker, NGO founder, and North Korea specialist based in Los Angeles. He is a Korean-American who, in 2003, moved to the China-North Korea border and founded Crossing Borders, a nonprofit dedicated to providing humanitarian assistance to North Korean refugees. He is the author of the "Wall Street Journal" featured book "Escaping North Korea: Defiance and Hope in the World’s Most Repressive Country", a current events memoir published in 2008 by Rowman & Littlefield, about his experiences at the China-North Korea border helping North Korean refugees and human trafficking victims. Escaping North Korea is being developed into a feature film with the project represented by the Hollywood agency Creative Artists Agency (CAA). The book has been translated into Turkish and Polish. He is currently a Managing Director at Ferrazzi Greenlight, a management consulting firm and research institute, working with founder and CEO Keith Ferrazzi on human behavior and culture change.
Crossing Borders.
On New Year's Day 2003, Kim gave up his financial planning business in Chicago, Illinois and left for China on a one-way ticket carrying little more than two duffle bags. While living near the North Korean border, he operated undercover as a student of North Korean taekwondo, training under two North Korean masters —eventually receiving a second-degree blackbelt. He founded Crossing Borders, a nonprofit dedicated to providing humanitarian assistance to North Korean refugees. In his book, he estimated that during his time on the field over 60% of female defectors were victims of sex trafficking. The organization has been a regular contributor to the State Department's Annual Trafficking in Persons Report and has testified at a congressional hearing on the topic of combating human trafficking in China.
Media and Events.
Kim frequently appears in the media: He was a guest on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" and has appeared in "The Wall Street Journal" and on CNN "Anderson Cooper 360". He has been interviewed by major international media groups such as Fox News, CNN, BBC, Reuters, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Yonhap News Agency, "The Korea Times", "The Korea Daily", and Korean Broadcasting System.
"Escaping North Korea": The Movie.
After the interview with Jon Stewart, there was interest from Hollywood in turning "Escaping North Korea" into a motion picture and Kim received offers for the option for the book. The book-to-film project is now represented by the Hollywood agency Creative Artists Agency (CAA) and is in development, with a team working on the script. Kim attended the 2010 Pusan International Film Festival and met with leading South Korean distributors, producers, directors, and actors to discuss his vision for the film. He has also been meeting with high-level South Korean government officials explaining the movie's importance in promoting the Korean image and brand abroad.
Career After China-North Korea.
Kim received his MBA from Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business. He is also a 1999 graduate from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In interviews, Kim has referred to Ambassador Mark Palmer as a mentor and a person who has deeply influenced him by his example of working effectively in the business, nonprofit, and government sectors. Palmer wrote the foreword to Escaping North Korea and commented, “This is a story of heroes. Of North Koreans increasingly and courageously evading the dictates of the system at home to survive and risking their lives to flee the world's most repressive dictatorship. And of a heroic young Korean American, the author, Mike Kim, who risked his own life for four years on the China-North Korea border to help them."
In June 2010, Kim was voted in as a term member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Kim is a management consultant and continues his book and public speaking tour, while working on the book-to-movie project. He is represented by The Guild Agency Speakers Bureau & Intellectual Talent Management for all public speaking. He was a Specialist at Deloitte Consulting leading initiatives applying business solutions and technology to social issues such as human rights and anti-human trafficking. 
He is currently a Managing Director at Ferrazzi Greenlight, a management consulting firm and research institute, working with founder and CEO Keith Ferrazzi on human behavior and culture change. Part of his role at the firm includes assisting founder Keith Ferrazzi with Greenlight Giving Foundation initiatives to serve at-risk-youth.

</doc>
<doc id="20571771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571771" title="James de Rothschild">
James de Rothschild

James de Rothschild may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20571780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571780" title="Osmia cornuta">
Osmia cornuta

Osmia cornuta is a species of bee in the genus Osmia. It is found in southern and central Europe, north to Belgium and the southern parts of the Netherlands. They are of the solitary type, this means that they do not live in colonies in hives like bumble bees and honey bees. They lack the pollen baskets on their hind tibiae because they do not produce honey but they do use the pollen and nectar to stock their nests when they are ready. 
Osmia cornuta is also known as the builder bee, because when they build their nest in either the ground or structures that allow them to lay their eggs, it is usually the female who digs to find an adequate nest. They build them with debris that they have found in their habitat. The pollen and nectar that they store a for the larvae so they can feed themselves as they are left to fend for themselves. Once the larvae are in their adult form, they dig their way out of the nest and begin their adult life as solitary bees. 
The length varies from 10 to 15 cm. Adults are on wing from March to June. The best way to 
ensure to have bees in your garden, an insect hotel would hold adequate facilities to allow
them to lay their eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="20571787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571787" title="Osmia bicolor">
Osmia bicolor

Osmia bicolor is a species of bee in the genus Osmia. It is outstanding amongst other osmiine bees in that it nests in empty snail shells.

</doc>
<doc id="20571788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571788" title="International Okinawan Gōjū-ryū Karate-dō Federation">
International Okinawan Gōjū-ryū Karate-dō Federation

International Okinawan Gōjū-ryū Karate-dō Federation (IOGKF), also known as the International Federation of Karate-do Goju-ryu Okinawa, is an international martial art organization covering Gōjū-ryū karate. It was founded by Morio Higaonna (b. 1938) in July 1979. Higaonna is the founder and Chairman of the IOGKF International. The IOGKF is responsible for spreading the original Gōjū-ryū karate style of Okinawa throughout the world, following the teachings of Chojun Miyagi. In 2003, the IOGKF was estimated to have around 50,000 members in 45 countries.
IOGKF Structure:

</doc>
<doc id="20571791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571791" title="Vermont Route 63">
Vermont Route 63

Vermont Route 63 is a short state highway in Washington County, Vermont, United States. It connects Interstate 89 to Vermont Route 14 south of the city of Barre.
Route description.
VT 63 begins as an offshoot of Interstate 89 at exit 6 in Berlin. It generally parallels VT 62, which lies about north and travels into the center of the city of Barre. VT 63 stays to the south, running mostly due east for about before terminating at an intersection with VT 14 in South Barre, a census-designated place within the town of Barre. VT 63 mainly functions as an alternate route to VT 62, providing access to Barre while avoiding the Edward F. Knapp State Airport and the Berlin Mall area to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20571807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571807" title="Oscar Braynon">
Oscar Braynon

Oscar Braynon II (born February 1, 1977) is a Democratic member of the Florida Senate, representing the 33rd District since 2011.
Braynon was a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He received his Bachelors degree in Political Science from Florida State University. He lives in Miami Gardens, where he started his political career as a city council member and vice-mayor. 
In a special election on March 1, 2011, he beat his Republican opponent Joe Celestin. He replaces Frederica Wilson who was elected to Congress in November 2010 to replace Kendrick Meek who had ran for the U.S. Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20571817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571817" title="Primera Hora (Mexico)">
Primera Hora (Mexico)

Pimera Hora ("First Hour") is a Spanish language newspaper published in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The newspaper was founded on October 24, 2001, by Benjamín Galvan Gomes. The newspaper is printed daily at 10:00 AM CST to ensure the latest news is read and the newspaper is sold until 5:30 PM CST. Primera Hora is also circulated in Laredo, Texas, United States.
On September 25, 2011, Mexican police discovered the body of Marisol Macias Castaneda, an administrative manager for Primera Hora and online administrator for Nuevo Laredo En Vivo under the name NenaDLaredo, decapitated and accompanied by a note "attributed to a criminal group". Macias Castaneda's identity was confirmed by Primera Hora and by the Tamaulipas state secretary of the interior. Some sources reported the dead journalist's identity as María Elizabeth Macias Castro.

</doc>
<doc id="20571828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571828" title="Aama, Nepal">
Aama, Nepal

Aama is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 3456 people living in 582 individual households. A farming village and community, Aama is located to the south of Lumbini.

</doc>
<doc id="20571833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571833" title="Alin Jivan">
Alin Jivan

Alin Sandu Jivan (b. December 2, 1983) is a Romanian artistic gymnast whose best event is the vault. He is a world and a European medalist on this event.

</doc>
<doc id="20571847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571847" title="Aanandaban">
Aanandaban

Aanandaban is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6894 people living in 1193 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Aanandaban has one FM radio station Radio Lumbini - 96.8 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20571849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571849" title="William Surtees">
William Surtees

William Frederick Surtees (16 October 1871 – 23 March 1956) was an Anglican bishop. He was the second suffagan Bishop of Crediton from 1930 to 1954.
William Surtees was educated at Bedford School and King's College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1900, he began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy in Lythe. He was then rector of Sampford Courtenay, vicar of St Simon’s, Plymouth and Archdeacon of Exeter before a 24 year stint as Suffragan Bishop of Crediton. He died on 23 March 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20571852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571852" title="Primera Hora">
Primera Hora

Primera Hora (First Hour) is a name of the following Spanish language newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="20571856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571856" title="1972–73 Slovenian Republic League">
1972–73 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20571859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571859" title="Richard L. Steinberg">
Richard L. Steinberg

Richard L. Steinberg (born December 23, 1972) is an American politician from Miami Beach, Florida. Steinberg was a member of the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida until his resignation in February 2012. 
He received his Bachelors degree in Business Administration from the University of Florida in 1994. Later he went on to receive his Masters in Business Administration and Juris Doctorate from the University of Miami. Steinberg resigned from the Florida House in 2012. He resigned after discovery of sexy messages he sent to a married Assistant US Attorney who instead of reciprocating, notified the Secret Service.
In November of 2012, the investigation was closed clearing him of the allegations and calling the messages "playful and not threatening."
References.
Associated Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20571861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571861" title="Amari, Nepal">
Amari, Nepal

Amari is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3655 people living in 529 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20571905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571905" title="The Australian (disambiguation)">
The Australian (disambiguation)

The Australian is a broadsheet newspaper published in Australia.
The Australian may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20571919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571919" title="Loves Music, Loves to Dance">
Loves Music, Loves to Dance

Loves Music, Loves to Dance is a novel by Mary Higgins Clark. It was one of Publishers Weekly's top 10 bestselling novels of 1991. The novel was adapted into a film in 2001.
Movie.
"Loves Music, Loves to Dance" was adapted into a TV movie which premiered on Pax TV (now Ion) in 2001. It stars Patsy Kensit, Cynthia Preston, Dean McDermot and Louis Ferreira.

</doc>
<doc id="20571920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571920" title="El Mañana">
El Mañana

El Mañana, Spanish for "The Tomorrow", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20571947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571947" title="Vermont Route 64">
Vermont Route 64

Vermont Route 64 is a short state highway in central Vermont, United States. It connects Vermont Route 12 in Northfield to Vermont Route 14 in Williamstown.
Route description.
Route 64 begins at Route 12 in the town of Northfield. The route proceeds to the east for about , crossing into the town of Williamstown, then interchanges with Interstate 89 at Exit 5. Route 64 continues approximately to the east, ending at an intersection with Route 14 in Williamstown.

</doc>
<doc id="20571951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571951" title="1973–74 Slovenian Republic League">
1973–74 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20571955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571955" title="Joe Bonikowski">
Joe Bonikowski

Joseph Peter Bonikowski (born January 16, 1941) is an American former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Minnesota Twins during the season. Listed at , , Bonikowski batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Bonikowski's professional baseball career lasted seven seasons (1959–1965). During his one MLB campaign, Bonikowski, then 21, posted a 5–7 record with a 3.88 ERA in 30 appearances, including 13 starts, three complete games and one save, giving up 47 runs (four unearned) on 95 hits and 38 walks while striking out 45 in 99⅔ innings of work. He pitched back-to-back complete-game victories on June 2 and June 7, defeating the Washington Senators and Kansas City Athletics.
Bonikowski's minor league record was 40–55 (3.88) in 170 games and 793 innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20571959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571959" title="Erik Fresen">
Erik Fresen

Erik Fresen (born June 9, 1976) is a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from Florida State University in 1997. Fresen was born in Miami, Florida. He currently resides there with his family.
Family.
Erik Frensen is married to Ethel and together they have two kids named Adrian and Julian. 
Religion.
Erik Frensen practices Catholicism.
Education.
Erik Frensen received his education from the following institutions
Current Legislative Committees.
Erik Frensen has been a member of the following committees:
Political Experience.
Erik Frensen has had the following political experience:
Controversy.
On his 2010 and 2011 financial disclosure forms, Fresen failed to list two IRS liens totaling $29,199 -- an omission that is illegal for public officials -- plus a 2009 final judgment for $641,000. In 2010, he paid $10,000 in fines to the Florida Division of Elections for submitting incomplete and late finance reports the previous two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20571964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571964" title="Oakamoor railway station">
Oakamoor railway station

Oakamoor railway station is a closed railway station in the Churnet Valley, Staffordshire. The station was opened in 1849 as part of the Churnet Valley Line constructed by the North Staffordshire Railway. Serving the village of Oakamoor the station remained open until 1965 when all services were withdrawn, A little north of the station, freight traffic from Oakamoor Sand Sidings continued until 1988.
Preservation.
The track remains in situ as far as the sand sidings and is now owned by the Churnet Valley Railway (CVR). It is not yet in regular use, but on 21 September 2008, the first service for 20 years ran to Oakamoor with a CVR shareholders' special.
The railway trackbed that extends down the Churnet Valley to the former station at Alton has been converted to a footpath.
The CVR hopes to one day reach Oakamoor station as part of a project in bringing the CVR into becoming the largest preserved railway network within the centre of England.

</doc>
<doc id="20571975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571975" title="1st Signal Command (United States)">
1st Signal Command (United States)

The 1st Signal Command is a unit of the United States Army that was based at Fort Riley.

</doc>
<doc id="20571976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571976" title="Peter Jungschläger">
Peter Jungschläger

Peter Jungschläger (born 22 May 1984 in Voorburg) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Eredivisie club RKC Waalwijk.
Biography.
He previously played for VVV-Venlo, RBC Roosendaal and ADO Den Haag.
On July 1, 2011 he signed for Australian club Gold Coast United who play in the A-League. At the end of the 2011-12 A-League season, the Gold Coast United club folded. 

</doc>
<doc id="20571982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20571982" title="Ritipenem">
Ritipenem

Ritipenem is a carbapenem class antimicrobial agent. Ritipenem is manufactured by Tanabe Seiyaku in the ritipenem acoxil prodrug form, which can be taken orally . It is not FDA approved in the United States as of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20572016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572016" title="1993 Florida State Seminoles football team">
1993 Florida State Seminoles football team

The 1993 Florida State Seminoles football team was the national champion of the 1993 college football season. The team finished with a 12–1 record.
Regular season.
FSU beat its first five opponents by an average score of 46–3, during which linebacker Derrick Brooks outscored all five opponents combined. The Seminoles' first real contest didn't come until October 9, when the third ranked Miami Hurricanes came to Tallahassee with a 31 game regular season win streak. That game was sealed when FSU safety Devin Bush picked off a Frank Costa pass and ran it back 40 yards for a Florida State touchdown, making the score 28–10 with 4:59 to play.
On November 13, 1993, Florida State played Notre Dame in a matchup of unbeaten teams. FSU was ranked #1 and Notre Dame was ranked #2. With the Bowl Coalition in place the winner of this game, at Notre Dame Stadium in Notre Dame, Indiana, seemed certain to play #3 Nebraska (which would then move up to #2) in the 1994 Orange Bowl for the National Championship.
In a matchup hailed as the "Game of the Century", the Seminoles bid for a perfect season fell short as Notre Dame prevailed, 31–24. As luck would have it, #1 Notre Dame lost the following week to #17 Boston College 41–39 on a last second field goal, putting the Seminoles back in the Orange Bowl. It should be noted however, that in the tough loss to Notre Dame FSU played without their star Linebacker Troy Spicer. 
1993 Team Players in the NFL.
The following were selected in the 1994 NFL Draft.
The following would play in the NFL in later years.

</doc>
<doc id="20572046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572046" title="Toms Lake">
Toms Lake

Toms Lake is a lake that is located at the tri-county corner of Delta County, Michigan, Alger and Schoolcraft countries in the Hiawatha National Forest. The forest service offers a rustic cabin for rent. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Blue Lake, Ironjaw Lake, Ostrande Lake, Corner-Straits Chain and Round Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20572048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572048" title="2008–09 C.D. Motagua season">
2008–09 C.D. Motagua season

For the 2008–09 C.D. Motagua season, the team played in three competitions, the Apertura tournament, the Clausura, and they were also invited to the 2008 Copa Sudamericana.
Apertura.
The 2008–09 Apertura Motagua season was the fifty-third season of the Motagua professional football lifetime. Motagua were looking for the 12th championship. They also attended the 2008 Copa Sudamericana because of C.D. Saprissa's withdrawal due to the match-day fixtures collide with CONCACAF Champions League's. For this season Motagua were full with families. Miguel Castillo and Fernando Castillo are brothers, Eleazar Padilla and Esdras Padilla are brothers, Rubén Antonio Rivera and José Carlos Rivera are brothers, Víctor Bernárdez, Jefferson Bernárdez and Oscar Bernárdez are cousins, Shannon Welcome and Georgie Welcome are cousins. Jaime de la Pava replaced Ramón Maradiaga after he left to coach Guatemala national football team. Edmilson da Silva Melo was cut off the team since he received an injury that would leave him out for the rest of the tournament. On 11 September Luis Rodas and Roy Posas were cut off the team due to indecent behavior under the influence of alcohol.
Clausura.
The 2008-09 Clausura Motagua season will be the fifty-fourth season of the Motagua professional football lifetime. Motagua are looking for the 12th championship. After finishing in semifinals they are looking to become champions next year by signing big names such as Amado Guevara, Ramón Núñez, Marvin Sánchez, Banny Lozano, Javier Portillo, Leonardo Isaula, bringing back Osman Chavez and signing the internationals Mario Jardel, Guillermo Santo and Alberto Blanco. Also they will be losing important starting players, Victor Bernardez, Miguel Castillo and Fernando Castillo. The club's idol, Amado Guevara, joined on a loan because of MLS break. In order to sign more foreign players, Motagua wanted to naturalize Oscar Torlacoff and/or not enroll Nilberto da Silva because of his injury that leaves him off for half of the season.
2008 Copa Sudamericana.
On June 2008 CONMEBOL announced the participation of C.D. Motagua in the 2008 Copa Sudamericana as invitee. At that time Motagua was the Central American team with the best performance achieved at the 2008 CONCACAF Champions' Cup and were not taking part in the next season.

</doc>
<doc id="20572068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572068" title="1974–75 Slovenian Republic League">
1974–75 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20572103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572103" title="CYP39A1">
CYP39A1

CYP39A1 (cytochrome P450, family 39, subfamily A, polypeptide 1) also known as oxysterol 7-α-hydroxylase 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP39A1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This endoplasmic reticulum protein is involved in the conversion of cholesterol to bile acids. Its substrates include the oxysterols 24-hydroxycholesterol, 25-hydroxycholesterol and 27-hydroxycholesterol.

</doc>
<doc id="20572109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572109" title="CYP27C1">
CYP27C1

CYP27C1 (cytochrome P450, family 27, subfamily C, polypeptide 1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP27C1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids.

</doc>
<doc id="20572112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572112" title="Bazjon Trogaj">
Bazjon Trogaj

Bazjon Trogaj (born 16 August 1988) is an Albanian professional footballer. The defender currently plays for KS Besa Kavaje in the Albanian Superliga.
Career.
Trogaj joined KS Besa Kavaje at young age and was put in the youth team at the Albanian club. At the age of just 18 he joined the senior team at the club after working his way up the ranks. Since signing his first professional contract in the summer of 2006 he has not yet made it as a first team player at the club. Since turning professional he has played featured in 14 games and has never scored. He is yet to play part in any game of the 2008–09 Albanian Superliga campaign.
U-21 National Team.
Although he isn't yet a regular at his club, "Trogaj" has still managed to catch the eye of the Albania national under-21 football team. Although he has trained with the team he hasn't played any games yet and has only featured as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="20572115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572115" title="CYP26C1">
CYP26C1

CYP26C1 (cytochrome P450, family 26, subfamily c, polypeptide 1) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CYP26C1" "gene".
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This enzyme is involved in the catabolism of all-trans- and 9-cis-retinoic acid, and thus contributes to the regulation of retinoic acid levels in cells and tissues.

</doc>
<doc id="20572117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572117" title="CYP20A1">
CYP20A1

CYP20A1 (cytochrome P450, family 20, subfamily A, polypeptide 1) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CYP20A1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases that catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This protein lacks one amino acid of the conserved heme binding site. It also lacks the conserved I-helix motif AGX(D,E)T, suggesting that its substrate may carry its own oxygen.

</doc>
<doc id="20572118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572118" title="San Diego Sockers (2009)">
San Diego Sockers (2009)

San Diego Sockers are an American professional indoor soccer franchise playing in the Western Division of the Professional Arena Soccer League, representing the San Diego area since 2009. Their first arena was the Chevrolet Del Mar Arena at the Del Mar Fairgrounds adjacent to the Del Mar Racetrack in Del Mar, California. They switched to the Valley View Casino Center, the original home of the MISL Sockers, for the 2012-2013 season.</ref>
The Sockers hold the record for the longest winning streak in United States professional soccer history. The streak, which began on December 29, 2010, was snapped after 48 games by a 6–5 overtime road loss to the Dallas Sidekicks on January 27, 2013.
History.
The Sockers were founded in 2009 by David Pike, Carl Savoia and Phil Salvagio. This was the second attempt to revive the Sockers name. The first team played in the NASL, original MISL, and CISL. The first revival attempt to played in the WISL and second MISL. The Sockers have enjoyed a significant amount of success since they began play having won both the PASL-Pro championship and US Open Cup of Arena Soccer in their first three seasons.
Colors and badge.
At their inception the Sockers featured a color scheme primarily consisting of the royal blue and yellow colors often used by the previous Sockers teams and utilized a modified version of their immediate predecessor's logo. For the 2011 season the team modified their uniforms dropping the yellow in favor of a smaller amount of gold. Their logo also changed their to a new shield logo that corresponded to their new uniforms that utilized the 1978 founding date of the original Sockers franchise which the team claims ties to as well as stars representing the 14 titles won by the combined Sockers franchises.
Current squad.
"As of October 25, 2012."

</doc>
<doc id="20572121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572121" title="CYP8B1">
CYP8B1

CYP8B1 (cytochrome P450, family 8, subfamily B, polypeptide 1) also known as sterol 12-alpha-hydroxylase is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CYP8B1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. 
CYP8B1 is an endoplasmic reticulum membrane protein and catalyzes the conversion of 7 alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one into 7-alpha,12-alpha-dihydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one. The balance between these two steroids determines the relative amounts of the two primary bile acids, cholic acid and chenodeoxycholic acid, both of which are secreted in the bile. In the intestine these bile acids affect the solubility of cholesterol and other lipids, promoting their absorption. 
"CYP8B1" is unique among the cytochrome P450 genes in that it is intronless.

</doc>
<doc id="20572136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572136" title="Amawa Marchawar">
Amawa Marchawar

Amawa Marchawar is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3221 people living in 486 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572137" title="Bani Lozano">
Bani Lozano

Bani Ramón Lozano Núñez (born 1 May 1982 in Arenal, Honduras) is a Honduran footballer who plays for Platense in the Liga Nacional de Honduras.
His usual position is left defender, but he is also capable of operating as a winger.
Club career.
Lozano made his debut for Platense in the year 2002 with only 15-years old. Later in the year 2006, he was transferred to Nacional, in which he failed to secure a place at Nacional.
Return to Platense.
After failing to secure a place at Nacional, Lozano returned to Platense in January 2007. Lozano scored 24 league goals for Platense during his six seasons with the club.
Olimpia.
On 16 May 2010, Lozano have reached an agreement with Olimpia signing a three-year contract. On 8 August 2010, Lozano made his domestic league debut against Hispano with a 2-0 win.
Marathón.
In June 2011 he joined Marathón. Marathón's coach Ramón Maradiaga however deemed him surplus to requirements in summer 2012, forcing Lozano to sit out the 2012 Apertura season without a club.
Platense again.
At the end of 2012 he was presented as a new reinforcement at Platense.
International career.
Lozano made his debut for Honduras in an August 2007 friendly match against El Salvador and has, as of January 2013, earned a total of 2 caps, scoring no goals. He won his second caps 5 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20572145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572145" title="Amuwa Paschim">
Amuwa Paschim

Amuwa Paschim is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6870 people living in 1127 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572148" title="Asurena">
Asurena

Asurena is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4947 people living in 718 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572154" title="Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts">
Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts

The SaskTel Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts is the Saskatchewan provincial women's curling tournament. The winning team represents Saskatchewan at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
Past winners.
(National champions in bold) 

</doc>
<doc id="20572158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572158" title="CYP4Z1">
CYP4Z1

CYP4Z1 (cytochrome P450, family 4, subfamily Z, polypeptide 1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP4Z1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This gene is part of a cluster of cytochrome P450 genes on chromosome 1p33.
CYP4Z1 is overexpressed in breast cancer cells. It has also been demonstrated that the expression of the CYP4Z1 gene is upregulated by activated glucocorticoid and progesterone receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="20572159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572159" title="Babhani, Nepal">
Babhani, Nepal

Babhani is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4236 people living in 643 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572161" title="CYP4X1">
CYP4X1

CYP4X1 (cytochrome P450, family 4, subfamily X, polypeptide 1) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CYP4X1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. The expression pattern of a similar rat protein suggests that this protein may be involved in neurovascular function in the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="20572170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572170" title="CYP4F22">
CYP4F22

CYP4F22 (cytochrome P450, family 4, subfamily F, polypeptide 22) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP4F22" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This gene is part of a cluster of cytochrome P450 genes on chromosome 19 and encodes an enzyme thought to play a role in the 12(R)-lipoxygenase pathway. Mutations in this gene are the cause of ichthyosis lamellar type 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20572176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572176" title="1999 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1999 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Carlos Moyá was the defending champion but he lost in the quarter-finals to Jérôme Golmard.
Gustavo Kuerten was leading in the final 6–4, 2–1 in the final against Marcelo Ríos when Rios had to retire injured.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20572180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572180" title="CYP4F11">
CYP4F11

CYP4F11 (cytochrome P450, family 4, subfamily F, polypeptide 11) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP4F11" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This gene is part of a cluster of cytochrome P450 genes on chromosome 19. Another member of this family, CYP4F2, is approximately 16 kb away. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding the same protein have been found for this gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20572189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572189" title="CYP4A22">
CYP4A22

CYP4A22 (cytochrome P450, family 4, subfamily A, polypeptide 22) also known as fatty acid omega-hydroxylase is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CYP4A22" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This gene is part of a cluster of cytochrome P450 genes on chromosome 1p33.

</doc>
<doc id="20572199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572199" title="CYP2W1">
CYP2W1

CYP2W1 (cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily W, polypeptide 1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP2W1" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids.

</doc>
<doc id="20572208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572208" title="CYP2U1">
CYP2U1

CYP2U1 (cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily U, polypeptide 1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP2U1" gene
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. CYP2U1 metabolized arachidonic acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and other long chain fatty acids which suggests that CYP2U1 may play a role in brain and immune functions.
CYP2U1 also metabolizes propanone, acetone, and 2-oxypropane.

</doc>
<doc id="20572214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572214" title="CYP2A7">
CYP2A7

CYP2A7 (cytochrome P450, family 2, subfamily A, polypeptide 7) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CYP2A7" gene.
This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids and other lipids. This protein localizes to the endoplasmic reticulum; its substrate has not yet been determined. This gene, which produces two transcript variants, is part of a large cluster of cytochrome P450 genes from the CYP2A, CYP2B and CYP2F subfamilies on chromosome 19q.

</doc>
<doc id="20572217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572217" title="Bagaha, Nepal">
Bagaha, Nepal

Bagaha is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3770 people living in 559 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572222" title="Genicanthus bellus">
Genicanthus bellus

Genicanthus bellus is an angelfish that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. Its common names are the bellus angelfish and ornate angelfish.
Appearance.
They are a mid-sized angelfish reaching a maximum of 7in/18cm at adulthood. "Genicanthus bellus" are sexually dimorphic, meaning the appearance between males and females is discernible. The females will be blue, black, and white to gray in coloration with horizontal black, white, and blue stripes along the body which shift to vertical striping near the head. The males will be predominantly gray with a yellow stripe running horizontally across the body. Males will often have a yellow stripe that runs along the base of the dorsal fin. Both males and females will have a tail that tapers into the body, giving them the 'swallowtail' appearance.
Diet.
The bellus angelfish is an omnivore, eating mostly zooplankton and marine vegetation, specifically algae in the wild. In captivity, they will also accept frozen and meaty foods such as brine shrimp, mysis, and shellfish. They will eat many greens, particularly dried algae, in the home aquarium.
Range.
It is found in various ocean reefs, particularly in the western Pacific and eastern Indian Ocean. The fish is also, although less commonly, found in the Philippines and the island chains as far east as Tonga. The bellus angelfish is typically found at depths of 300 ft.
In the aquarium.
The bellus angelfish is a moderately difficult fish to maintain in captivity. They are not for the inexperienced aquarist. At a minimum, they should be kept in a 70 gallon tank for a single specimen; with a tank size of 120 gallons or more, for a pair. They are peaceful aquarium inhabitants and will rarely bother their tankmates. Just about the only exception is when kept with other angelfish, particularly of the "Genicanthus" genus. Also, no more than one male should be kept in a system. A single male can be maintained with multiple females. They are reef-safe, and can be kept with any invertebrates. Possible tankmates include clownfish, blennies, gobies, "Chromis", butterflyfish, and small lionfish and eels.
A reef temperature of is ideal for maintaining the bellus angelfish.

</doc>
<doc id="20572227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572227" title="Bagauli">
Bagauli

Bagauli is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3964 people living in 591 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572230" title="Denstone railway station">
Denstone railway station

Denstone railway station is a former station of the North Staffordshire Railway's (NSR) Churnet Valley Line, which served the village of Denstone in Staffordshire.
History.
The Churnet Valley line was authorised in 1846 and opened to traffic between Macclesfield and Uttoxeter in 1849. Denstone did not originally have a station but in 1873 a station was opened at the site of the College Road level crossing. As it had been built at the crossing the station was called Denstone Crossing. In 1923 one of the last acts of the NSR before it became part of the LMS was to rename the station simply Denstone.
The station closed on 4 January 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20572234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572234" title="Bairghat">
Bairghat

Bairghat is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3451 people living in 531 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572240" title="Balarampur, Rupandehi">
Balarampur, Rupandehi

Balarampur is a Village Development Committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4533 people residing in 686 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572254" title="Countdown (Rush song)">
Countdown (Rush song)

Countdown is a Rush song that describes the launch of STS-1 and the Space Shuttle "Columbia" as the group watched from a VIP area called Red Sector A at the time. The song incorporates audio from voice communications between astronauts John W. Young and Robert Crippen and ground control along with commentary from the Kennedy Space Center Public Affairs Officer leading up to the launch.
The song incorporates foreboding serious tone with driving rhythm along with heavy amount of synthesizer, with Lee playing only a minimal amount of bass guitar. Lyrics paint a vivid account of their experiences witnessing the launch. It closes the album "Signals", and its cautionary tales of man's reliance on technology, on a more positive, celebratory note.
The song was used as a wakeup song for astronauts during STS-109, which was the last successful flight of Space Shuttle "Columbia". It was used again for astronaut Mike Fincke during STS-134, flown by Space Shuttle "Endeavour" on its final mission before retirement. Fincke described how his friends Greg Shurtz and NASA employee Ken Fisher chose the song because the band was inspired to write it after viewing the launch of STS-1. Fincke went on to say the song was played as a tribute to the space shuttle program, which has inspired people around the world. 
This song, as printed in the liner notes of the "Signals" album, is dedicated to "the astronauts Young & Crippen and all the people of NASA for their inspiration and cooperation."
The song itself ends very abruptly around 5:49, but a reprise of "The Analog Kid" from earlier on the album is included as a hidden track, extending it to 6:49. Some vinyl pressings of the album, as well as most pre-recorded tape editions, should have ended without this reprise. Original North American pressings of "Signals" contain the reprise by comprising and reflecting its inclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="20572257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572257" title="Bangai, Rupandehi">
Bangai, Rupandehi

Bangai is a Village Development Committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5967 people residing in 917 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572259" title="Rishworth Branch">
Rishworth Branch

The Rishworth branch was built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and linked with and served the villages of Triangle, Ripponden, Barkisland and Rishworth.
History.
A branch from Sowerby Bridge to Ripponden was authorised in 1865, with an extension to Rishworth authorised in 1871. The line opened as far as Ripponden in 1878 and to Rishworth in 1881. It was intended to extend the line to to shorten the Calder Valley main line by , but this never took place. The branch line was closed to passengers on 8 July 1929. The section between Rishworth and Ripponden closed for freight in 1953 and Ripponden to Sowerby Bridge closed completely on 1 September 1958
Route.
The line left a little to the west of the station, diverging south. It passed through the Scar Head tunnel, rising on a 1 in 107 gradient to . From Triangle to the gradient increased to 1 in 60.
Present day.
Part of the trackbed is now a permissive bridleway. A section of the line south west from Ripponden village is a permissive footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="20572260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572260" title="Sir Charles Burrell, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Charles Burrell, 3rd Baronet

Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, 3rd Baronet (24 May 1774 – 4 January 1862) was an English Conservative politician, who represented the seat of New Shoreham for fifty-six years, becoming Father of the House of Commons.
Burrell was born at Golden Square, London, the son of Sir William Burrell, 2nd Baronet and his wife Sophia Raymond. He succeeded to the title of Baronet Raymond of Valentine House on 20 January 1796. In 1806 he was elected as M.P. for New Shoreham and he held the seat until his death in 1862.
Burrell built a country mansion near Knepp Castle, known by the same name, near West Grinstead and purchased an estate at Boulton. He owned a house in Richmond Terrace, London which was the subject of a court case in 1833 in which he argued that because the house was on the site of the former Palace of Whitehall, it was not liable to the poor rate of St. Margaret's, Westminster.
Burrell married Frances Wyndham, the illegitimate daughter of George Wyndham, 3rd Earl of Egremont and Elizabeth Ilive, on 4 July 1808 at St. George's Church, Hanover Square. Their eldest son Charles Wyndham Burrell died aged seventeen, but his other sons Percy and Walter succeeded successively to the baronetcy and the seat of New Shoreham.

</doc>
<doc id="20572261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572261" title="Genicanthus semifasciatus">
Genicanthus semifasciatus

A Marine angelfish from the Western Pacific that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 21 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572272" title="Kenneth L. Johnson">
Kenneth L. Johnson

Kenneth Langstreth Johnson FRS FEng is a British engineer and Fellow of Jesus College, Cambridge. 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1982 and won their Royal Medal in 2003 "In recognition of his outstanding work in the field of contact mechanics."
In 1999, Johnson won the William Prager Medal awarded by the Society of Engineering Science. He was also awarded the 2006 Timoshenko Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20572274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572274" title="Bangai Marchwar">
Bangai Marchwar

Bangai Marchwar is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3651 people living in 523 individual households.
Bangai Marchwar was once under control of shukla jamindars before its indepndance.

</doc>
<doc id="20572289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572289" title="1975–76 Slovenian Republic League">
1975–76 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20572292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572292" title="Baragadewa">
Baragadewa

Baragadewa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3886 people living in 674 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572297" title="Barsauli">
Barsauli

Barsauli is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4683 people living in 689 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572304" title="Basantapur, Rupandehi">
Basantapur, Rupandehi

Basantapur, Rupandehi is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4472 people living in 664 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572306" title="Ray Freeman">
Ray Freeman

Ray Freeman FRS is a British chemist. He won the Royal Medal in 2002, and is a retired professor at Jesus College, Cambridge, where he continues to work on NMR spectroscopy.
Biography.
School and military service.
Ray was educated at Nottingham High School where he won an Open Scholarship to Lincoln College, Oxford in December 1949 and (at the instigation of Lincoln College) deferred his admission to Oxford to complete his military service in the Royal Air Force as a radar instructor, reaching the dizzy rank of acting corporal, un-paid.
Oxford University & early NMR research.
In October 1951 he returned to Oxford and began his studies in Chemistry under the tutorship of Rex Richards, going on to do research in Rex's group on NMR of the less-common nuclei (in particular 59Co) and earning his MA and D. Phil. degrees. 
Joining the magnetic resonance group of Anatole Abragam at Saclay, France in 1957, Ray did postdoctoral research under the direction of the NMR pioneer Robert Pound (on leave from Harvard) on the super-regenerative oscillator, and exploited that device to build a stable high-resolution NMR spectrometer.
Family.
In 1958 Ray married Anne-Marie Périnet-Marquet (originally from Haute Savoie, France) and they now have five children, Dominique, Anne, Louise, Jean-Marc, and Lawrence.
Varian Associates, California.
After three years at the National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, United Kingdom, in the Basic Physics Division, Ray took leave of absence in 1961 to work on double irradiation techniques with Wes Anderson at Varian Associates in Palo Alto, California. This environment proved so stimulating that one year was extended to twelve, and the young family grew up as Californians; three children have now settled on the West Coast. 
Along with research at Varian on double-resonance, double-quantum effects, spin-lattice relaxation, and Fourier transformation, Ray assisted in the development of new Varian NMR spectrometers (XL-100 and CFT-20).
Back to Oxford.
In 1973 Ray returned to Oxford as University Lecturer and Fellow of Magdalen College, and started his own research group focused on high-resolution NMR methodology. 
He received the degree of D. Sc. in 1975 and was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1979 (a period known in England as the "Winter of Discontent"). 
Boosted by the advent of some brilliant young Oxford research students, the group produced several publications on new NMR techniques, including two-dimensional NMR (triggered by the seminal suggestion of Jean Jeener in Brussels).
A Handbook of Magnetic Resonance.
On a short sabbatical at CalTech in Pasadena Ray published "A Handbook of Magnetic Resonance" (translated into Japanese and Russian).
Cambridge.
In 1987 Ray made the forbidden transition to "the other place" (Cambridge) to take up the Plummer chair of magnetic resonance, and was elected a Fellow of Jesus College. There he continued his research on NMR methodology and wrote a second book, "Spin Choreography". 
Statutory retirement came as an unwelcome surprise in 1999, but Ray disregarded this formal restriction, continuing his research with a long-time colleague Eriks Kupce, and producing his third book, "NMR in Chemistry and Medicine", published in 2003, and later translated into Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="20572317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572317" title="Enos Lowe">
Enos Lowe

Enos Lowe (May 5, 1804–February 13, 1880) was a pioneer doctor and businessman who was among the original founders of Omaha, Nebraska and served as president of the Second Iowa Constitutional Convention.
Biography.
Enos Lowe was born on May 5, 1804 in Raleigh, North Carolina in the county of Guilford. Along with his brother Jesse, Lowe's parents were strict Quakers, and his early training in Quaker principles were said to guide his entire life.
Desiring to enter the medical profession, Lowe took a course in medicine at the Ohio Medical College, a medical school now called The Ohio State University College of Medicine and located in Columbus, Ohio. From there, Lowe moved to Greencastle, Indiana where he open a medical practice. In addition, Lowe became active in the Indiana Democratic Party and was elected to the Indiana state legislature.
In 1837 at the age of 33, Lowe moved to the Black Hawk Purchase, an area of 6 million acres (24,000 km²) in what is now Iowa that was purchased by the United States federal government five years prior in connection with the Black Hawk War. There, Lowe began practicing medicine in the relatively new, small frontier village of Burlington, Iowa. Over the next seven years, his reputation grew and Lowe became widely and favorably known. In 1844, Lowe was chosen a member of the First Constitutional Convention of Iowa.
At the constitutional convention, Lowe got to know many of the future leaders of Iowa. However, their efforts were unsuccessful and the Constitution framed by the 1844 convention was rejected. Two years later, Lowe was elected to the 1846 Iowa Constitutional Convention. His popularity continued to increase and Lowe was elected to preside over the convention. This time, their effort were successful and the convention enacted the Constitution under which Iowa became a State.
After Lowe presided over the 1846 convention and at the same time a United States Land Office was established at Iowa City, he was appointed receiver of public money and moved to Iowa City. In 1853 at the age of 49, Lowe was appointed receiver of the United States Land Office at Council Bluffs. Additionally, Lowe and his brother Jesse co-founded the Council Bluffs and Omaha Steam Ferry Company, along with several other partners. The Council Bluffs company platted the town of Omaha, Nebraska in 1853 and Lowe became one of the founders of the city of Omaha in 1854.
A member of Omaha's Old Settlers' Association, later Lowe served as the first president of the Omaha Medical Society in 1866. He was also an incorporator of the Platte Valley and Pacific Railway Company, which was instrumental in maintaining Omaha's early prospects as a railroad city, as well as the Council Bluffs and St. Joseph Railroad.
Lowe died on February 13, 1880 in Omaha.

</doc>
<doc id="20572320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572320" title="Pomacanthus maculosus">
Pomacanthus maculosus

Pomacanthus maculosus is a marine angelfish distributed throughout the Persian Gulf, the northwestern Indian Ocean, and the Red Sea. Its common names include halfmoon angelfish, yellowband angelfish, yellowbar angelfish, yellow-blotch angelfish, and yellow-marked angelfish. The species lives mainly in coral and rocky areas, in shallow to moderate depths (forty feet), though it is more often in silty reef areas than in rich coral growth. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. 
Appearance.
This angelfish grows to a size of 50 cm in length. It is very similar in appearance to the asfur angelfish ("P. asfur"), which is found in overlapping habitats in the Persian Gulf and Red Sea. The halfmoon angelfish can be distinguished from the asfur primarily by its tail color, which is pale to clear, while the asfur's tail is bright yellow.
As with other large angelfish in genus "Pomacanthus", juveniles and sub-adults are differently marked and colored than adults. Small halfmoon angelfish are alternately blue, white, and black banded.
Diet.
This species has a diet typical of angelfishes. Its main food is sponges. It also eats small anemones, algae, tubeworms, and shrimp.

</doc>
<doc id="20572322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572322" title="Betakuiya">
Betakuiya

Betakuiya is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3432 people living in 504 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572328" title="Bhagawanpur, Lumbini">
Bhagawanpur, Lumbini

Bhagawanpur is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3190 people living in 526 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572337" title="Bisunpura">
Bisunpura

Bisunpura is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4405 people living in 747 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572339" title="Kamil Chanas">
Kamil Chanas

Kamil Chanas (born April 20, 1985) is a Polish professional basketball player who currently plays for the Stelmet Zielona Góra of the Polish League. He played previously for Polpharma Starogard Gdański.

</doc>
<doc id="20572353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572353" title="Bodabar">
Bodabar

Bodabar is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2736 people living in 372 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572357" title="Pomacanthus zonipectus">
Pomacanthus zonipectus

Pomacanthus zonipectus is a marine angelfish from the Eastern Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 46 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572365" title="Regentalbahn">
Regentalbahn

The Regentalbahn ("Regentalbahn AG – Die Länderbahn") is railway company based in Bavaria, and is owned by Ferrovie dello Stato and the Luxembourg infrastructure fund "Cube", through the German holding company of Netinera. It runs railway infrastructure, as well as regional and long-distance passenger services in Bavaria and Saxony with links into the Czech Republic, and Germany-wide goods trains.
The subsidiary Regental Bahnbetriebs-GmbH (RBG) operates goods trains though its subsidiary "Regental Cargo", and passenger trains through "Vogtlandbahn GmbH (VBG)", whilst "Regental Fahrzeugwerkstätten" operates railway wokshops. A forth subsidiary "Regental Kraftverkehrs", a bus operator, ceased operations in 2004.
Emergence of the Regentalbahn AG (RAG).
On 9 May 1889 the "AG Lokalbahn Gotteszell - Viechtach" railway company sprang to life as a result of a "concession for the construction and operation of a standard gauge railway from Gotteszell to Viechtach" dated 28 April 1889. "Lokalbahn" was the name for a local branch line in Bavaria.
On 10 November 1890 goods trains were already running from Gotteszell to Teisnach and on 20 November 1890 full services to Viechtach began. The company acquired in 1903 the granite factory of Teisnach AG and the Prünst quarry, that still provides ballast for track construction today. On 1 January 1928 the "Lokalbahn Deggendorf-Metten AG" was also acquired and merged with the Gotteszell – Viechtach Lokalbahn company which was now called the Regentalbahn AG. In 1924/25 construction of the line from Viechtach to Blaibach was begun. Goods services started here on 2 January 1928 and passenger trains on 1 February 1928. On the 1 January 1973 the Regentalbahn AG also took over the eighty-year old "AG Lokalbahn Lam - Kötzting".
Founding of the subsidiaries.
The period since the 1970s has been marked by modernisation and rationalisation. A large number of railcars were procured (initially second-hand, but since the 1980s new ones as well) and various parts of the business split into subsidiaries. In 2002 the Regentalbahn acquired the trade name "Die Länderbahn" ("The State Railway"), with which it is clear that it is active in Bavaria, Saxony, Thuringia and the Czech Republic.
In 1980 the Prünst granite works became a limited company ("GmbH"), in which the Regentalbahn had a 50% stake. This share was sold in 2005.
At the same time the following 100%-owned subsidiaries were created within the Regentalbahn AG:
On 1 January 2004 the "Regentalbahn Kraftverkehrs" was disbanded for economic reasons. The vehicles and personnel were taken over by the bus company "Regionalbus Ostbayern", that continues to run bus services Viechtach and Lam.
Since 1997 "Regental Bahnbetriebs" has operated all the lines of the Bavarian Forest railway under contract to the Deutsche Bahn ("DB Regio Bayern"). Under this contract it has run since 2001 under the trade name "Oberpfalzbahn" not only its own route from Bad Kötzting to Lam, but also the Schwandorf–Cham–Furth im Wald, Cham–Waldmünchen and Cham–Bad Kötzting lines. In addition, the goods traffic branch "Regental Cargo" also belongs to the Regental Bahnbetriebs-GmbH. "Regental Cargo" runs goods trains countrywide, has its centre of operations at Neuenmarkt-Wirsberg (with a satellite depot at Zwickau) and is part of the goods wagon network "Eccocargo".
The "Vogtlandbahn", founded on 1 January 1998, took over Regentalbahn's operations in Saxony. Since 2005 it offers is own "Vogtland Express", a long-distance train, that links the Vogtland with Berlin daily. Since 2007 it operates the ALEX (see below).
The "Regental Fahrzeugwerkstätten" runs two workshops for all the railways of the Länderbahn. One is at the headquarters in Viechtach in the Bavarian Forest, the other at Neumark im Vogtland. Since 2006 there has been a third workshop at Schwandorf, especially for the "Oberpfalzbahn" and future tasks of the "Länderbahn" for the maintenance of the "Oberpfalzbahn" shuttle and the locomotives and wagons of the ALEX.
In December 2003, the "Allgäu Express" ("ALEX") started working between Munich and Oberstdorf as a substitute for the withdrawn Interregio-Linie 25. This was done in cooperation with "EuroThurbo" (since early 2005 "SBB"). When the Regentalbahn won the competition in December 2005 for the next, longer contract period, it became responsible from the timetable change in December 2007 for long-distance services not just on the line from Munich to Oberstdorf, together with a new train portion to Lindau, but also the Munich–Regensburg–Hof and Munich–Regensburg–Furth im Wald-Prague routes. Negotiations over an extension via Hof to Leipzig and Berlin continue. The trade mark ALEX was retained, but will mean from now on "Arriva Länderbahn Express"; services on the Vogtlandbahn will be phased out. Following the takeover by FS in 2010 it has now been rebranded simply as "alex".
Following the advertisement published in summer 2006 for Regionalbahn services on the Freilassing–Berchtesgaden railway, the contract went in October of the same year to the "Berchtesgadener Bahn", a consortium of the Regentalbahn and the Salzburg AG who, as the winners will take over these services after the timetable change in December 2009.
The Regentalbahn is a member of the "Tarifverband der Bundeseigenen und Nichtbundeseigenen Eisenbahnen in Deutschland" (TBNE).
New ownership arrangements.
The shares of the Regentalbahn were split between numerous owners. In 1940 these included the Deutsche Reich, the state of Bavaria, the Bavarian State Bank and the Deutsche Reichsbahn. By 1982 the Free State of Bavaria had gained 76,9% of the shares. The rest were divided between towns and villages, the Benedictine abbey of Metten and private individuals. In autumn 2004 the Free State sold its share majority to the British transport company Arriva which has Europe-wide interests. Its German subsidiary Arriva Deutschland increased its share of the Regentalbahn to 100% by May 2006 through purchases. After Arriva was bought by Deutsche Bahn in 2010, the business had to be resold from competition reasons. The new owners are the Italian state railways ("Ferrovie dello Stato") together with Luxembourg infrastructure fund "Cube". The German parent company since March 2011 is called "Netinera".

</doc>
<doc id="20572368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572368" title="Bogadi">
Bogadi

Bogadi is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3278 people living in 521individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20572376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572376" title="Pomacanthus semicirculatus">
Pomacanthus semicirculatus

The Koran angelfish or semicircle angelfish, Pomacanthus semicirculatus, is a ray-finned fish in the family Pomacanthidae. It is found in the Indo-West Pacific ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.
Description.
The adult semicircle angelfish is a pale brownish-green colour. It is a deep-bodied, laterally compressed fish that can grow to a length of . The mouth is positioned just above the tip of the snout, and the eyes are set halfway up a long straight forehead. The scales have blue bases which gives the body a speckled effect. The fins, except for the pectorals, are rimmed in blue and so are the cheek, operculum and spine. The dorsal fin has 13 spines and 20–23 soft rays and the anal fin has 3 spines and 18–22 soft rays. Both these fins have filaments that trail behind as the fish swims. The pectoral fins are pale yellow and have 19–21 soft rays. 
The juveniles in contrast, are blue-black marked from top to bottom with narrow white stripes. At the head end the stripes are fairly straight but they become increasingly curved as they approach the base of the tail. The juveniles gradually adopt the adult colouration when they are .
Distribution.
The semicircle angelfish is found in the Indo-Pacific region. Its range extends from the east coast of Africa to Fiji and Japan, the east coast of Australia and New Caledonia. It has also been seen sporadically off the east coast of Florida since 1999 and at Oahu, Hawaii since 2005.
Biology.
The semicircle angelfish is found on sheltered coral reefs, where it feeds on algae, tunicates and sponges. The juveniles are very timid and difficult to approach.

</doc>
<doc id="20572378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572378" title="Donald Charlton Bradley">
Donald Charlton Bradley

Donald Charlton Bradley CBE, FRS (born 1924) is a British chemist, who won the Royal Medal in 1998.
Life.
He earned a first-class Bachelor’s Degree in 1946, a PhD in 1950 and a DSc in 1959, from Birkbeck, University of London.
He was Chair of Inorganic Chemistry at Queen Mary, University of London, from 1965 to 1983.
Bradley was recognized for his work on the chemistry of metal-alkoxides and metal-amides, their synthesis, structure and bonding, and for his studies of their conversions to metal-oxides and metal-nitrides. His advances are presently being applied in microelectronics and chemical vapor deposition.
Bradley is a member of the Royal Society and a faculty member of Imperial College. He delivered the 2010 Bakerian Prize Lecture, to the Royal Society (5 March 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20572379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572379" title="Eins, Zwei, Polizei">
Eins, Zwei, Polizei

"Eins, Zwei, Polizei" is a 1994 single recorded by Italian dance act Mo-Do. It was its debut single from its 1995 album "Was Ist Das?" and it achieved great success in many European countries, including Germany, Austria, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Sweden and Italy, where it reached the top ten. It was the band's most successful single and can be deemed its signature song.

</doc>
<doc id="20572403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572403" title="Pomacanthus navarchus">
Pomacanthus navarchus

Blue-girdled angelfish, "Pomacanthus navarchus" is a marine angelfish from the Indo-Pacific ocean as well as some parts of the east Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. The Majestic Angelfish is one of the smallest of the larger species of angelfish. It grows to a size of in length, but usually much smaller, and can live to be up to 21 years old. Younger fish stay closer to the shallows, but the more mature fish can be found up to deep. Majestic Angelfish eat mainly sponges and tunicates. Juvenile fish are mostly blue in color with white stripes. As they mature, they take on a yellow coloration on the flanks, dorsal fin, and tail as seen in the image at right.

</doc>
<doc id="20572406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572406" title="Sebastian Achim">
Sebastian Achim

Sebastian Achim (born 2 June 1986) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a defender for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești. Before joining Petrolul, he played for a season at Universitatea Cluj.

</doc>
<doc id="20572438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572438" title="Ricardo Miledi">
Ricardo Miledi

Ricardo Miledi is a Mexican neuroscientist who won the Royal Medal in 1998.
In 1999 was awarded with the Prince of Asturias Award. In 2010 won the Society for Neuroscience's Ralph W. Gerard Prize for outstanding contributions to the field.
He is a professor at the University of California, Irvine.
Professor Miledi's personal Website link: http://faculty.sites.uci.edu/rmiledi/
Miledi's laboratory website: http://faculty.sites.uci.edu/miledilab/

</doc>
<doc id="20572465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572465" title="Donald Hill Perkins">
Donald Hill Perkins

Donald Hill Perkins CBE FRS (born 1925) is a British physicist and an Emeritus Professor at the University of Oxford. He achieved great success in the field of particle physics and is also known for his books.
Perkins was born in 1925 and educated at Imperial College London. In 1945 he received his B.Sc. and 1948, a Ph.D. From 1949 he worked at Bristol University and in 1955/56 at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory in Berkeley. In 1956 he received the post of reader in Bristol University. In 1963/64 he conducted research at CERN. In 1965 he became Oxford professor of elementary particle physics. There he built, along with Ken W. Allen, the new Department of Nuclear Physics. In 1976/77 and 1983/84 he returned to CERN.
In 1998 he retired and became Emeritus Fellow of St Catherine's College, Oxford.
Achievements.
Perkins' earliest achievements include the discovery of the negative pion in cosmic radiation. At Berkeley, he worked with accelerators on K-mesons and the annihilation of protons and antiprotons, at CERN in neutrino scattering experiments.
He made important pioneering discoveries in regard to the weak neutral current (Gargamelle experiment) and the experimental verification of quantum chromodynamics. In 1982 he explored the possible proton decay, and found a first indication of neutrino oscillations.
In the applied field, he worked on the design of the HERA storage ring at DESY in 1961 and worked on cancer therapy with pions.
Perkins in 1959 published his first textbook, together with C. F Powell and P. Fowler, on the theme of the emulsion technique applied to cosmic rays, nuclear, and particle physics. His "Introduction to High Energy Physics" is a global standard work on particle physics. Most recently he published in 2003 "Particle Astrophysics".
Awards.
Perkins was awarded honorary doctorates in Bristol and the University of Sheffield. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1966. In 1979 he received the Guthrie Medal and Prize of the Institute of Physics, in 1992 the Holweck Prize of the Institut Français de Physique, in
1997, the Royal Medal of the Royal Society and in 2001 the High Energy and Particle Physics Prize of the European Physical Society. He gave numerous guest lectures at universities in Toronto, Seattle, Chicago, Hawaii and Victoria and the 2004 Wolfgang Paul Lecture in Bonn.

</doc>
<doc id="20572468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572468" title="Nifty magazine">
Nifty magazine

Nifty Magazine is a high fashion magazine that focuses on upcoming and aspiring models, fashion, beauty and health. It was first published in December 2007.
Content.
NIFTY Magazine's mission is to highlight the hidden information pertaining to the model industry, to show the realism of a model's profession.

</doc>
<doc id="20572471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572471" title="Steel Ghosts">
Steel Ghosts

Steel Ghosts is a horror novel by the American writer John Michael Curlovich under the pen name Michael Paine. 
Set in contemporary Western Pennsylvania in the fictional mill town of Steadbridge, it tells the story of New York film executive Tom Kruvener, who returns to his hometown to convert the abandoned United American Steelworks No. 5 into a movie studio for Overbrook Pictures. But the ghosts of the industrial past don’t want to be disturbed.

</doc>
<doc id="20572489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572489" title="Geoffrey Eglinton">
Geoffrey Eglinton

Geoffrey Eglinton, FRS (born 1927, Cardiff) is a British chemist and Emeritus Professor and Senior Research Fellow in Earth Sciences at Bristol University.
He won the Royal Medal in 1997 "In recognition of his contribution to our understanding of the way in which chemicals move from the living biosphere to the fossil geosphere, in particular the origin, genesis, maturation and migration of oil which has had great repercussions on the petroleum industry.",
He was awarded the Wollaston Medal in 2004.
He was a co-winner of the Dan David Prize in 2008 for his studies of organic chemical fossils, which reveal the inhabitants and climates of ancient worlds. (He shared the prize with Ellen Moseley-Thompson and Lonnie G. Thompson). 
The Eglinton reaction is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20572503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572503" title="Rudolf von Roth">
Rudolf von Roth

Rudolf von Roth (born Walter Rudolph Roth on 3 April 1821 in Stuttgart; died 23 June 1895 in Tübingen) was a German Indologist, founder of the Vedic philology. His chief work is a monumental Sanskrit dictionary, compiled in collaboration with Otto von Böhtlingk.
Biography.
Roth was educated at the universities of Tübingen and Berlin. He continued his studies in Paris and London, and in 1848 was appointed as extraordinary professor of Oriental languages in Tübingen University, becoming a full professor and principal librarian in 1856.
Works.
His chief work is the monumental "Sanskrit Wörterbuch" (Sanskrit dictionary, 7 vols., Saint Petersburg, 1853–1895), compiled in collaboration with Otto von Böhtlingk and published by the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences. He edited Yaska's "Nirukta" (1852) and, with Whitney, the "Atharva Veda" (1856–1857).
The original works of Roth include: "Zur Litteratur und Geschichte des Veda" (On the literature and history of the Veda, 1846), a ground-breaking work on Vedic scholarship and research; "Ueber den Mythus von den fünf Menschengeschlechtern" ("On the myth of the five races of humans", 1860); "Ueber die Vorstellung vom Schicksal in der indischen Sprachweisheit" ("On the representation of fate in Indian wisdom literature", 1866); "Der Atharva-Veda in Kaschmir" (1875); and "Ueber Yaçna 31" (1876).
Roth was made an honorary member of the Asiatic Society of Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="20572527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572527" title="Sivaramakrishna Chandrasekhar">
Sivaramakrishna Chandrasekhar

Sivaramakrishna Chandrasekhar (6 August 1930 – 8 March 2004) was an Indian Tamil physicist who won the Royal Medal in 1994. He was the founder-president of the International Liquid Crystal Society.
Chandrasekhar was born on 6 August 1930 at Kolkata. He received his M Sc
degree in physics with first rank from Nagpur University in 1951. Subsequently,
he joined the Raman Research Institute (RRI), Bangalore to work for his
doctoral degree in physics under the guidance of his maternal uncle, C. V. Raman.
The main topic of his research was related to optical rotatory dispersion measurements
on several crystals. He received the D Sc degree from Nagpur University in 1954.
Then he went to the Cavendish Laboratory on an 1851 Exhibition Scholarship and obtained a second doctorate degree from Cambridge University mainly for his work on the corrections for extinction in neutron and X-ray scattering from crystals.
His subsequent postdoctoral work in the University College and the Royal Institution
at London also dealt with crystallographic problems. He returned to India in
1961 as the first Head of the Department of Physics, which had just been started in
the University of Mysore at Mysore. It was here that he turned his attention to
liquid crystals, a subject which at that time was just coming out of a long hibernation.
Research.
Liquid crystals made of rod-like molecules had been discovered in 1888, and
many compounds had been synthesized at Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany in the 1920s and 30s.
Some physical studies had been undertaken by the German and Russian schools
during that era, but the subject later languished till the mid-fifties. Starting in the
late fifties, the systematic synthetic effort by George William Gray in the UK and the physical studies
by Wilhelm Maier in Germany (including the well-known Maier–Saupe or MS theory)
started a revival of the subject. Chandrasekhar and his co-workers made contributions
to the application of the dynamical theory of reflections to study the fascinating
optical properties of cholesteric liquid crystals which have a helical structure
with a pitch which is usually ~ 0.5 mm, and to the extensions of the molecular
theory of nematic liquid crystals beyond the MS model. Chandrasekhar was invited to establish
a liquid crystal laboratory in RRI after the Department of Science and Technology started supporting it in 1971. The
move had a highly positive impact on his productivity. Along with a couple of former
students who moved with him to RRI, in a short time, he developed a laboratory
with all the essential facilities needed for research in the chosen area.
Realizing that cutting-edge research would not be possible without an in-house capacity
to produce new materials, a synthetic organic chemistry laboratory was set up. Soon many new experimental and a few theoretical results emerged and the Liquid Crystal Laboratory at RRI became one of the leading centres of research in the world. The twisted nematic liquid crystal display
was invented in Europe in 1971 and recently, LCDs have displaced CRTs as
commercially the most important displays. In cooperation with Chandrasekhar and
his colleagues, the Bharat Electronics Limited(BEL), Bangalore, developed indigenous
know-how for the manufacture of simple LCDs for the domestic market.
Columns.
The pinnacle in Chandrasekhar’s scientific career came in 1977, when he and
his co-workers discovered the columnar phase of liquid crystals made of disc-shaped molecules, rather than the well-studied
rods. Through supramolecular assembly, the discs exhibit a mesophase which has a two-dimensional, periodic order. The paper announcing the discovery of this state of matter was published in the Indian physics journal Pramana, and is one of the most highly cited
papers in the field of liquid crystals. Subsequently, a few thousand compounds with disc-like
molecules were synthesized. The columnar liquid crystals are noted for their highly anisotropic conducting properties, which is exploited in device applications.
The subject has had yet another resurgence in 1996, when Japanese scientists discovered new types of liquid crystalline phases exhibited by compounds made of another new type of (banana-shaped) molecule having bent-cores. Many such compounds exhibit columnar liquid crystalline phases.
Publications and honors.
The year 1977 also saw the publication
of Chandrasekhar’s book on liquid crystals by the Cambridge University Press.
The book is popular amongst workers in the field, and has been translated into Russian
and Japanese. An enlarged second edition of the book was published in 1992.
Chandrasekhar also organized several international conferences, including the
one in 1973 on the occasion of the Silver Jubilee of the founding of the RRI. Many
stalwarts in the field of liquid crystals like Glen H. Brown, George William Gray, Alfred Saupe and Pierre-Gilles de Gennes (who was to receive the Nobel Prize in 1991, partly for his work on liquid crystals) participated in this conference. 
Some major conferences Chandrasekhar organized include the "Ninth International Liquid Crystals Conference" in 1982 and the "Second Asia-Pacific Physics Conference" in 1986.
After retiring from RRI in 1990, Chandrasekhar started the "Centre for Liquid Crystal Research" in a building made available by BEL. Chandrasekhar’s scientific achievements brought him many honours. He was elected Fellow of all the three academies in
India, of the Royal Society, of the Institute of Physics (London) and of the Third World Academy of Sciences. He was a member of several international and national committees on science and education.
He was the founder president of the
International Liquid Crystal Society for 1990–92, and was an editor of the journal "Molecular Crystals and Liquid Crystals" for 20 years. He was the recipient of the Bhatnagar Award (1972), Homi Bhabha (1987) and Meghnad Saha (1992) medals of the Indian National Science Academy, C.V. Raman Centenary Medal of the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science (1988), the Royal Medal of Royal Society (1994), Niels Bohr International Gold Medal of UNESCO (1998), and the Freedericksz Medal of the "Russian Liquid Crystal Society" (2000). He was also the recipient of the Karnataka Rajyotsava award (1986), Padma Bhushan Award (1998) and the entitlement "Chevalier dans L’ order des Palmes Academique" of the French Government (1999).
Chandrasekhar was largely responsible for placing India on the international map in the field of liquid crystals. 
Chandrasekhar hailed from the most illustrious family of physicists in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20572529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572529" title="Julieta">
Julieta

Julieta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20572539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572539" title="Ohio Department of Job and Family Services">
Ohio Department of Job and Family Services

The Ohio Department of Job and Family Services, (ODJFS) is the largest agency in the state and is
responsible for supervising the state’s public assistance, workforce development, unemployment compensation, child and adult protective services, adoption, child care, and child support programs. ODJFS is also the single state agency responsible for the administration of Ohio’s Medicaid program. ODJFS employs nearly 4,000 full time employees, has an annual budget of $20-plus billion. 
Services for Families.
ODJFS provides a variety of financial and supportive services to low-income families and
individuals, most of whom are employed or seeking employment. A large part of this
assistance comes through the Ohio Works First and Food Assistance programs. 
Cash and Food Assistance.
Ohio Works First (OWF) is the financial assistance portion of the state’s Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF) program, which provides cash benefits to eligible low-income families for up to 36 months. Federal law requires at least 50 percent of all able-bodied adults receiving benefits to participate in work activities at least 30 hours a week. At least 90 percent of households containing two able-bodied parents are required to participate in work activities at least 35 hours a week or, if they are using federally subsidized child care, at least 55 hours a week. Allowable “work activities” include such things as on-the-job training, community service and education directly related to employment. 
Child Care.
ODJFS offers financial assistance to eligible
parents to help pay for child care while they
engage in work and training efforts. The
agency, along with the county departments
of job and family services, is responsible for
regulating approximately 6,600 family child
care homes, and for licensing and inspecting
nearly 4,300 child care facilities. Every day,
an estimated 250,000 children under age 6
are cared for in settings outside the home
that are certified or licensed in Ohio. 
Child Protective Services.
ODJFS administers and oversees the state’s
child protective services programs. These
include programs that prevent child abuse
and neglect; provide services to abused and/
or neglected children and their families (birth,
foster and adoptive); and license foster homes
and residential facilities. Child protective
services in Ohio are provided by a network of
88 public children services agencies (PCSAs).
Sixty-two of these are located within county
departments of job and family services, and
twenty-six operate independently. 
Adult Protective Services.
ODJFS administers the state’s Adult
Protective Services program, which helps
vulnerable adults age 60 and older who are in
danger of harm, are unable to protect
themselves, and may have no one to assist
them. ODJFS has the authority to plan and
develop programs, and write rules and
regulations pertaining to adult protective
services. It also provides technical assistance
to county staff. The county departments of
job and family services receive and investigate
reports of abuse, neglect and exploitation of
vulnerable adults and evaluate the need for
protective services. During SFY 2012, the
counties received a total of 14,344 reports of
abuse, neglect and exploitation of adults age
60 and over. 
Child Support.
The ODJFS Office of Child Support collects
and distributes nearly $2 billion annually to
more than 1 million Ohio children. In federal
fiscal year (FFY) 2011, Ohio had the third largest
“IV-D”-designated child support
caseload in the country. IV-D refers to the
section of federal law that created the child
support program. IV-D cases qualify for a
variety of child support services, such as
locating noncustodial parents, establishing
legal paternity, establishing child support or
medical support orders, and enforcing such
orders. Ohio’s child support program is
administered locally by 88 county child
support enforcement agencies (CSEAs).
Sixty-seven CSEAs are located within county
departments of job and family services. The
rest are either stand-alone agencies or are
located within the office of the county
prosecutor. 
Employment Services.
ODJFS oversees a variety of employment-related services for Ohioans. As the state’s
unemployment rate declined throughout the year, the agency expanded its reemployment
activities for unemployment compensation recipients; enhanced OhioMeansJobs, the
resume and job bank created in partnership with Monster.com; and refocused
efforts to increase the number of On-the-Job Training opportunities available for Ohioans. 
Labor Market Information.
Through its Bureau of Labor Market
Information (LMI), ODJFS collects and
analyzes industry, occupational and
employment information to provide
statistics on economic and workforce
indicators for Ohio. This includes
employment levels, unemployment
rates, wages and earnings, employment
projections, career information, and
initial and continued unemployment
claim trends. This information is used
by ODJFS and Ohio’s local employment
program operators, as well as by the
Ohio Departments of Education and Development, the Ohio Board of Regents,
state and national media, private citizens
and industry groups. The LMI website
drew nearly 1.5 million page views in
SFY 2012. 
Workforce Services.
As administrator of several federal workforce
programs, ODJFS oversees a network of 30
full-service and 60 satellite “One-Stop
Centers” that provide free job training and
other services to Ohioans looking for work
and employers seeking workers. The centers
match job seekers with employers and help
laid-off workers learn new skills and find jobs. 
Unemployment Compensation.
ODJFS administers Ohio’s unemployment
compensation (UC) program, which provides
short-term income to unemployed workers who
lose their jobs through no fault of their own.
It reduces the hardship felt by families during
periods of temporary unemployment and
bolsters local economies by maintaining the
purchasing power of the unemployed workers. 
History.
On July 1, 2000, the Ohio Department of Human Services and the Ohio Bureau of Employment Services combined
to become the ODJFS. ODJFS oversees programs helping unborn babies and their mothers with health care issues while also helping unemployed workers and senior citizens find food and shelter. 
2004 ODJFS and Ohio Auditor's Office joint audit.
In December 2004, the ODJFS and the Ohio Auditor's Office launched a joint audit. As a result, Ohio officials questioned $200 million in tax dollars spent by the Hamiltion County Department of Job and Family Services. 
Lifeway For Youth.
In 2006, ODJFS took away the license for Lifeway For Youth, a nonprofit Christian-based placement agency, due to the death of a 3 year old boy.
2008 Ohio unemployment insurance trust fund.
For the year 2008, ODJFS sought federal help concerning Ohio’s unemployment insurance trust fund. State officials had stated that the fund was in danger of running out before the end of the year. On December 5, 2008, ODJFS announced that extended unemployment benefit payments will start the week of December 22, 2008. Scarlett Bouder, spokesperson for the ODJFS, stated that "an estimated 70,000 Ohioans are now eligible for the assistance and thousands more will qualify in the coming weeks as they exhaust their regular benefits."
2008 ODJFS database search.
During last few weeks of the 2008 US Presidential election campaign, ODJFS director Helen Jones-Kelley, and members of her staff, became embroiled in a controversy over searches of Joe Wurzelbacher's government records. The matter led to substantial news media attention during the presidential campaign, a new law being signed in Ohio, and a federal civil rights lawsuit.
Current director.
Cynthia Callender Dungey is director of the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services (ODJFS), a $3.6 billion agency with approximately 3,000 employees. ODJFS is responsible for supervising the state's public assistance, unemployment compensation, child and adult protective services, adoption, child care, and child support programs.
Dungey is a dedicated public servant who has held leadership positions throughout state government for the past decade. No stranger to ODJFS, she served as assistant deputy director of the Office of Ohio Health Plans from 2007 through June 2013. There she managed the daily operations of Ohio’s Medicaid program, including the efforts to identify and reduce Medicaid fraud. In July 2013, Dungey transitioned to the newly formed Ohio Department of Medicaid, where she was responsible for the development and implementation of procedures and policies needed to ensure that the state’s Medicaid operations and support systems functioned properly and efficiently. 
Prior to her service with ODJFS and the Department of Medicaid, Dungey served as director of the Fraud and Investigative Audit Group within the Ohio Auditor of State’s Office, where she managed a team of auditors responsible for uncovering misuse of public funds, including abuse within the Medicaid system. Prior to her tenure with the Auditor of State, Dungey served in both the Health Care Fraud and Crime Victim Services sections of the Ohio Attorney General’s Office.
Dungey received a bachelor of arts degree in political science and sociology from DePauw University, and also earned her juris doctorate from the Ohio Northern University College of Law. Dungey is a past president and vice president of the John Mercer Langston Bar Association, currently serves as a bar examination reader for the Supreme Court of Ohio, and was a 1998 recipient of the Ohio Attorney General Professionalism Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20572553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572553" title="Helaeomyia petrolei">
Helaeomyia petrolei

The petroleum fly, Helaeomyia petrolei, is a species of fly from California, USA. The larvae feed on dead insects that become trapped in naturally occurring petroleum pools, making this the only known insect species that develops in crude oil, a substance which is normally highly toxic to insects.
Description.
Adults are about 5 mm long, with black bodies, except for lighter cheeks. The halteres are yellowish, with white knobs. The densely hairy eyes are nearest at the middle of the face. The third joint of the antennae is slightly longer than the second, the spine of the latter not reaching beyond the apex of the antennae. The hyaline wings are tinged with gray on nearly the entire costal half, except sometimes having a spot toward the apex of the submarginal cell. The apex of the second vein is nearly twice as far from the first as from the apex of the third vein.
Biology.
While the larvae normally swim slowly near the surface of the oil with the tips of their air-tubes showing as minute points above the surface film, they are able to submerge for longer periods. The mating behavior and egg deposition are still not described, but it is thought that the eggs are not laid inside the oil. The larvae leave it only to pupate, travelling to nearby grass stems on the margins of the pool. Their whole development between newly hatched larva and pupa takes place exclusively in petroleum.
Petroleum tolerance.
The larvae ingest large quantities of oil and asphalt, and their guts can be seen to be filled with petroleum. However, nutritional experiments showed that they subsist on animal matter present in the oil, which they quickly devour. Although the oil can reach temperatures of up to 38°C, the larvae suffer no ill effects from it, even when additionally exposed to 50% turpentine or 50% xylene in laboratory experiments. Oil fly larvae contain about 200,000 heterotrophic bacteria, which have been of interest to scientists searching for microorganisms or enzymes that function in an organic solvent environment. The nitrogen-rich nutrients released into the gut make the environment, with a pH of around 6.5, suitable for the development of these bacteria. There is no evidence that these bacteria contribute to insect physiology.
William Homan Thorpe referred to "H. petrolei" as "undoubtedly one of the chief biological curiosities of the world."
Distribution.
The petroleum fly was first described in crude petroleum of the La Brea Tar Pits near Los Angeles, California, although the maggots were known to petroleum technologists many years earlier. The population is not considered endangered. The species has since been found in other locations, where the populations are considered sporadic.

</doc>
<doc id="20572554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572554" title="Chaetodontoplus caeruleopunctatus">
Chaetodontoplus caeruleopunctatus

Chaetodontoplus caeruleopunctatus is a marine angelfish from the Western-Pacific ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14cm in length. It may eat at soft corals, stony corals, and mantles of tridacnid clams.
References.
Pete education:: http://www.peteducation.com/article.cfm?c=16+1879&aid=2057

</doc>
<doc id="20572559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572559" title="Eva Dobell">
Eva Dobell

Eva Dobell (1876–1963) was a British poet, nurse, and editor, best known for her poems on the effects of World War I and her regional poems.
Biography.
Eva was the daughter of bobby merchant and local historian Clarence Mason Dobell from Cheltenham, and the niece of the Victorian poet Sydney Dobell. She volunteered to join the Voluntary Aid Detachment (VAD) as a nurse in World War I. Her experiences in the VAD prompted her to write poetry about, inter alia, wounded and maimed soldiers which has been well-thought of by many versed in the ways of poetry. She also took part in the morale-boosting work of writing to prisoners of war.
Her full name was Eveline Jessie Dobell and she was born the youngest of three children on 30 January 1876 at the Grove, Charlton Kings in Gloucestershire, England. She died on 3 September 1963 at the age of 87 years at which time her home address was Abbeyholme, Overton Rd, Cheltenham. She never married. Her mother was Emily Anne Duffield a native of Manchester, England.
Poetry.
While she was also known in her time as a regional poet (one of her Gloucestershire poems was recently set to music), Dobell is best known today for her occasional poems from the war period, which all describe wounded soldiers, their experiences, and their bleak prospects. A few of these poems are widely dispersed on the internet, and these continue to receive some scholarly acknowledgment. "Night Duty," for instance, is cited as one of many poems by female war-poets and nurses that provide access to an experience rarely shared by male poets such as Wilfred Owen and Siegfried Sassoon. Perhaps the most frequently reproduced is "Pluck," especially on sites dedicated to the Great War. "Pluck" also found its way into printed anthologies such as "The Cambridge Companion to the Literature of the First World War", and was even set to music.
After the war, she continued to write; in all, she published half a dozen books of poetry, a verse drama, and edited a book of poems by Lady Margaret Sackville.

</doc>
<doc id="20572565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572565" title="Israel Hlengani">
Israel Hlengani

Israel Christopher Hlengani (born 28 July 1988 in Johannesburg, Transvaal) is a South African cricketer who plays for Easterns. He is a left-hand batsman and slow left-arm spinner.
Hlengani, who was educated at Johan Jurgens High School, made his first-class debut for Easterns in October 2005 against Northerns scoring 11 and taking 1/43. Directly after this match came a one-day match between Easterns and Northerns in which Hlengani made his List A debut, he took 3/25 off his full allocation of 9 overs.
In January 2006 Hlengani took figures of 7/107 against Griqualand West these are the best figures of his career.
Hlengani finished his debut season with 19 wickets at 31.26 in nine matches. The following season he was used less often playing just four first-class matches and taking four wickets, he was given the chance to bat at the top order in both formats of game despite having averaged less than 7 with the bat in his first season. During the 2007/08 season Hlengani took 17 wickets at 28.70 in the three-day competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20572567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572567" title="National Children's Book and Literacy Alliance">
National Children's Book and Literacy Alliance

National Children's Book and Literacy Alliance (NCBLA) is an American non-profit organization that advocates on behalf of literacy, literature, and libraries for young people. It was founded in 1997 by Mary Brigid Barrett.
NCBLA organized the production of the book "Our White House: Looking In, Looking Out" (ISBN 978-0763620677) in 2008, in collaboration with Candlewick Press and 108 children's book authors and illustrators.
The board of directors currently includes: Matthew Tobin Anderson, Natalie Babbitt, Mary Brigid Barrett, Susan Cooper, Carol Greenwald, Nikki Grimes, Steven Kellogg, Lou Laste, Stephanie Loer, David Macaulay, Patricia MacLachlan, Gregory Maguire, Frederick McKissack and Patricia McKissack, Grant Oliphant, Linda Sue Park, Katherine Paterson, and Sarah T. Truslow.

</doc>
<doc id="20572569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572569" title="Eric Harold Mansfield">
Eric Harold Mansfield

Eric Mansfield is an aeronautical engineer who won the Royal Medal in 1994, "for his many fundamental and analytical contributions to our knowledge of advanced aeronautical structures, and more recently to the biological sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20572580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572580" title="1976–77 Slovenian Republic League">
1976–77 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20572581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572581" title="The Man Who Loved Dirty Books">
The Man Who Loved Dirty Books

The Man Who Loved Dirty Books is a crime novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1970s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Matt Gregg, an ex-cop transitioning to a new career as a private detective, who is pulled down into the world of underground porn and murder.

</doc>
<doc id="20572582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572582" title="Krzysztof Kołomański">
Krzysztof Kołomański

Krzysztof Marek Kołomański (born August 16, 1973 in Opoczno) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver in the C-2 event in Sydney in 2000.
Kołomański also won two medals in the C-2 event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1995 and a silver in 1999. He also has three medals from the European Championships (1 silver and 2 bronzes).
His partner throughout the whole of his active career was Michał Staniszewski.

</doc>
<doc id="20572584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572584" title="Lokalbahn">
Lokalbahn

A Lokalbahn or Localbahn ("local line", plural: -en) is a German term that usually refers to a railway line worked by local trains serving rural areas, typically in Austria and the south German states of Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg. "Lokalbahnen" appeared at the end of the 19th century before the use of cars became widespread.
Development.
Because the construction and operation of main line railways was not always covered by their income, simpler solutions were sought. As early as 1865 the engineering conference of the Union of German Railway Administrations ("Verein Deutscher Eisenbahnverwaltungen") had set out the principles for secondary lines. These were enshrined in law in 1878 with the Railway Act for German Railways of Secondary Importance ("Bahnordnung für deutsche Eisenbahnen untergeordneter Bedeutung").
Bavaria.
By the 1880s, the Bavarian main line network was largely completed and attention now turned to its expansion into the hinterland. On 21 April 1884 the first Bavarian "Lokalbahn" (also spelt "Localbahn") law was passed. This was based on the premise that funding for land purchase and construction would be a local affair, although earthworks would be paid for by the state. However, the state would also take the profit.
To make them viable, the "Lokalbahnen" were to be built and operated as simply as possible. Structures too were to be simple. This led to the widespread use of standard buildings and structures; nevertheless branch lines and their stations still retained a lot of individual character based on the region and local material available for construction.
The real boom period for branch line construction in Bavaria was from 1894 to 1910, a time when more than half of all branch lines were completed. The average time to build was four years and the construction cost worked out at about a fifth that of main lines per kilometre.
The "Lokalbahnen" in Bavaria were built to standard gauge and, initially, an axle load of just 10 tons.
Characteristics.
A "Lokalbahn" line typically began at a station on the main line and ran, as a branch line, to the next largest town. On the lowland plateaus of Bavaria, for example, many market towns and other towns were linked to the railway network by "Lokalbahnen".
In keeping with their secondary status and simplified regulations the following simplifications were made to improve their economy compare with the main lines:
From the 1950s, increasing bus and car traffic led to the closoure of branch lines, including numerous lines built as "Lokalbahnen". Several routes continue to be operated today as heritage railways. Sometimes lines that are still referred to today as "Lokalbahnen" have been upgraded into modern modes of transportation and local means of public transport. In Vienna the Wiener Lokalbahnen, colloquially the Baden Railway ("Badner Bahn"), still carries its Lokalbahnen designation, but is operationally a modern "Stadtbahn" commuter line.

</doc>
<doc id="20572620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572620" title="Michał Staniszewski">
Michał Staniszewski

Michał Tomasz Staniszewski (born September 16, 1973 in Opoczno) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver in the C-2 event in Sydney in 2000.
Staniszewski also won two medals in the C-2 event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1995 and a silver in 1999. He also has three medals from the European Championships (1 silver and 2 bronzes).
His partner throughout the whole of his active career was Krzysztof Kołomański.

</doc>
<doc id="20572632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572632" title="Chaetodontoplus meridithii">
Chaetodontoplus meridithii

"Chaetodontoplus meridithii (common name, Queensland yellowtail angelfish)" is a marine angelfish. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14 in. (35.5 cm) in length. Because of its size it requires a large aquarium, if kept in captivity. They require a lot of vegetable matter in their diet.

</doc>
<doc id="20572638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572638" title="Warneford Hospital">
Warneford Hospital

The Warneford Hospital is a hospital in east Oxford, England. The Warneford and the Littlemore Hospital are the major mental health hospitals serving Oxford.
The hospital opened as the "Oxford Lunatic Asylum" in July 1826 and subsequently (but no longer) was named the "Radcliffe Lunatic Asylum" and then the "Warneford Lunatic Asylum". It was designed by Richard Ingleman (1777–1838) and built of Headington stone. The name commemorates the philanthropist Samuel Wilson Warneford.
The hospital is in the suburb of Headington, east of Oxford city centre. It is located on Warneford Lane, which runs between Morrell Avenue and Old Road. It was the first hospital to be based in east Oxford. Almost all of the major Oxford hospitals are now based in Headington.
Warneford Hospital is extensively mentioned in the book "Dark Clouds Gather" by Katy Sara Culling about mental illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20572654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572654" title="Chaetodontoplus duboulayi">
Chaetodontoplus duboulayi

Chaetodontoplus duboulayi is a marine angelfish from the Indo-West Pacific ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 28cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572667" title="Peter Tilbury">
Peter Tilbury

Peter Tilbury born 20 October 1945 in Redruth, Cornwall in England is a British actor and writer.
As an actor Tilbury's television appearances include "The Shadow of the Tower" (1972), "Dixon of Dock Green" (1974), "It Takes a Worried Man" (1981), "Miss Marple" (1987), "Fortunes of War" (1987) "Casualty" (1989), "The Bill" (1990), "Birds of a Feather" (1990), and "Chef!" (1993).
He appeared in the film "Breaking Glass" (1980).
As a television writer Tilbury's credits include the first three series of "Shelley", starring Hywel Bennett, eight episodes of "Chef!" from 1993 to 1994, starring Lenny Henry, ten episodes of "Birds of a Feather" from 1990 to 1996, and two episodes of "Not Going Out" in 2007. His play "Under the Doctor" starring Peter Davison and Anton Rodgers opened at the Comedy Theatre in London in 2001.
In 1994 he was nominated for a BAFTA for his series "Chef!".

</doc>
<doc id="20572694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572694" title="Te Acordarás de Mí">
Te Acordarás de Mí

Te Acordarás de Mí ("You Will Remember Me") is the title of a studio album released by singer Olga Tañón on October 27, 1998. This album became her second number-one album on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
The song "Voy A Sacarte De Mi Mente" is a Spanish-language version of Go West's hit song "King of Wishful Thinking".
Track listing.
The information from Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20572697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572697" title="Langford, Essex">
Langford, Essex

Langford is a village on the Dengie peninsula close to Maldon in the English county of Essex. It is part of the Wickham Bishops and Woodham ward of the Maldon district.
Its name is derived from "long ford", referring to the crossing of the River Blackwater that the village grew up around.
History.
Langford is recorded in the Domesday Book as Lagheforda.
Langford was a possession of Beeleigh Abbey until 6 June 1536 when during the dissolution of the monasteries, King Henry VIII removed the property from the abbey's ownership.
The Langford and Ulting railway station on the Witham-Maldon branch line was open from 1848 until 1964 when it was closed as part of the Beeching closures.
Religious sites.
The local parish church is St. Giles. The exact age of the church is not known, but it is generally considered to be of Norman construction. The church was restored in 1881.
Landmarks.
The Museum of Power is located in the former Southend Waterworks Langford Pumping Station. The museum also has a miniature railway, which offers passenger rides.

</doc>
<doc id="20572706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572706" title="Apolemichthys xanthurus">
Apolemichthys xanthurus

The yellowtail angelfish, Apolemichthys xanthurus is a marine angelfish from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572713" title="2008 Irish pork crisis">
2008 Irish pork crisis

The Irish pork crisis of 2008 was a dioxin contamination incident in Ireland that led to an international recall of pork products from Ireland produced between September and early December of that year. It was disclosed in early December 2008 that contaminated animal feed supplied by one Irish manufacturer to thirty-seven beef farms and nine pig farms across Republic of Ireland, and eight beef farms and one dairy farm in Northern Ireland, had caused the contamination of pork with between 80 and 200 times the EU's recommended limit for dioxins and dioxin-like PCBs "i.e." 0.2 ng/g TEQ fat (0.2 ppb). The Food Safety Authority of Ireland moved on 6 December to recall from the market all Irish pork products dating from 1 September 2008 to that date. The contaminated feed that was supplied to forty-five beef farms across the island was judged to have caused no significant public health risk, accordingly no recall of beef was ordered. However, it has been estimated that over the course of the next century, approximately 20% of the Irish population may see a reduction in life expectancy by as much as 5 years due to the contamination of pork. Also affected was a dairy farm in Northern Ireland; some milk supplies were withdrawn from circulation.
Within days thousands of jobs were either lost or under threat at pig processing plants across the country, as processors refused to resume slaughter of pigs until they received financial compensation. Pork supplies to a total of twenty-three countries was affected, thirteen within the European Union and the remainder outside in an area across at least three continents. Countries affected include: Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, Estonia, the UK, France, Portugal, Cyprus, Romania, Russia, the United States, Canada, Switzerland, China, South Korea, Japan and Republic of Singapore.
It is now suspected that the oil that contaminated the offending pig feed with dioxins came from County Tyrone. Some reports suggest the recovery of the Irish pork market will take up to a decade. The Irish government has been criticised over its handling of the incident.
On 18 December 2008, it was disclosed that the beef samples from the affected farms had dioxin levels between 100 and 400 times the legal limit. However the Irish authorities insisted that the threat to public health from Irish beef products, even though the dioxin levels were higher than in the affected pork, was insignificant. On 25 January 2009, Chinese quarantine authorities seized over 23 tonnes of frozen and contaminated Irish pork which was imported by a company in the city of Suzhou in October 2008. On 28 January 2009, Joint Oireachtas Committee on Agriculture was told by Indaver Ireland managing director John Ahern that Ireland could "sleepwalk" into another pork crisis if the Minister for the Environment, John Gormley, continued with his plans to commence widespread use of Mechanical Biological Treatment.
Pork.
Background.
On the evening of 6 December, the Food Safety Authority of Ireland ordered the recall, withdrawal and destruction of all Irish pork products dating back to 1 September. It was announced that "dioxins & dioxin like PCBs", a group of highly toxic synthetic halogenated organic compounds, had been discovered in pork at levels between 80 and 200 times the EU's recommended safety limits. This contamination, which was first realised on 1 December, came about as a result of contamination of pig feed. The positive results for dioxins and dioxin like PCBs were confirmed on the afternoon of 6 December and announced within hours. The Irish general public were advised to destroy all their purchased pork products as Ireland's Department of Agriculture and the Food Safety Authority had initiated an investigation.
Contaminated feed was used at as many as forty-six farms in the Republic of Ireland of which thirty-seven raised cattle for beef and nine produced pork. Additionally, contaminated feed was used on eight cattle farms in Northern Ireland. Beef products, from cattle who may have been fed contaminated feed, were judged to be safe and were not recalled from market. One cattle farm in Northern Ireland used the feed for beef and dairy cattle, and milk from this farm was removed from the food supply.
Following the discovery, the Taoiseach, Brian Cowen and the Irish Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Brendan Smith attended talks at their government's Department of Agriculture. Alongside them were the Minister for Health, Mary Harney and Minister of State for Food, Horticulture and Food Safety, Minister of State for Food and Horticulture, Trevor Sargent and Minister of State (with special responsibility for Health Promotion and Food Safety), Mary Wallace. The opposition party Fine Gael's spokesperson for agriculture, Michael Creed described the discovery as "potentially the biggest threat to the agriculture food sector since the outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease".
On the afternoon of 7 December, the FSAI claimed identification of the source as a contaminated ingredient which had been added to pork feed, and said it was now considered that the profile of dioxins located is similar to those found in electronic transformer oils. On the evening of that same day, RTÉ, the state-run broadcaster, reported that the source of the crisis was a processing plant in County Carlow "(see #Millstream Power Recycling Limited)". A garda investigation was launched. The Association of Pigmeat Processors refused to continue slaughtering pigs, insisting they needed a massive financial package (up to €1 billion) from the Irish government to assist them with the mass recall. The European Union maintained that there would be no funding for the Irish pork industry in the wake of the crisis. Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny criticised the Irish government, calling the crisis "an unmitigated disaster".
Affected products.
Most pork products are at risk of contamination; however, pork gelatine, products containing pork gelatine such as sweets, crisps and snack foods and sauces with pork or ham content are not.
Health effects of Dioxins and PCBs.
Dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are two groups of predominately man-made toxic chemicals which, when consumed, affect both the immune and reproductive systems and are classified as probably carcinogenic by the World Health Organization and in the United States by the National Cancer Institute and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. The toxicity of dioxins and dioxin like PCBs is mediated by their ability to bind strongly to the aryl hydrocarbon cell receptor that is present in most animals.
Several epidemiological studies have observed a correlation between high levels of dioxins and PCBs in humans and a wide variety of adverse health effects "e.g." chloracne, lowering of IQ, dysfunction of the thyroid gland and reduction of thyroid hormone levels, elevated rates of endometriosis in women, higher levels of diabetes in women, precocious puberty in females and subtle developmental delay in children, as evidenced by altered play activity. Males appear to be more sensitive to poisoning by high levels of dioxins & dioxin-like PCBs and are more likely to develop severe symptoms "e.g." young men poisoned by TCDD (the most toxic dioxin) are less likely to father boys. See Geusau "et al." (2001) who describe the clinical manifestations of two extremely severe (and probably criminal) dioxin poisoning cases.
Much of the hazard posed by dioxins and PCBs comes from their environmental persistence and their lipophilic nature, resulting their propensity to accumulate in the food chain, particularity in the fat of animals. About 80% of human exposure to dioxins and PCBs comes from animal derived foods "e.g." poultry, beef and dairy. However, the health effects and risks of long-term, low-level exposure to the general public cannot be observed directly, and are highly controversial. It is not known if the dose response relationship at low-levels of exposure is sub-linear or linear, or has a threshold "i.e." harmless at very low levels. Risk assessments are further complicated by the observation that contamination typically involves a complex mixture of related chemicals, the toxicity of each varies and has to be factored according to its Toxic Equivalency Factor (TEF) (where TCDD = 1). The product of TEF is the Toxic Equivalency Quantity (TEQ), and it is this value that is used in risk assessments (an on-line Toxic Equivalency Quantity Calculator).
The European Union (EU) uses a linear dose response curve at low-levels of exposure, below the point where there are epidemiological data. In other words, the EU assumes there is "no" safe level of dioxins and PCBs. Accordingly, the European Union sets extremely stringent limits for dioxin and dioxin like PCBs in food, set just above the usual background levels found in various food categories "e.g." fish, poultry, beef, pork etc. The limit set for dioxins in pork fat and meat is 1 pg/g TEQ "i.e." 1 parts per trillion (ppt) (see swimming pool illustration). The maximum dioxin contamination measured in Irish pork was 0.2 ng/g TEQ fat (200 ppt), equivalent to dispersing 10 drops of TCDD throughout a 2.5 million litre Olympic sized swimming pool.
Millstream Power Recycling Limited.
RTÉ News has named the company behind the contaminated animal feed as Millstream Power Recycling Limited, located just outside Fenagh, County Carlow in the south-east of the country. All production at the plant was stopped in the week before the announcement, when a link between it and the contaminated feed was first suspected. A representative of the firm, David Curtin, denied reports of a use of industrial oil in the contaminated pig feed, saying that, whilst oil is used to power the machinery used for processing, he is not certain that this is the source of the outbreak. The oil, at the firm's insistence, was only ever purchased from "legitimate suppliers" within the Republic of Ireland. The owner of Millstream Power Recycling Limited was named as Robert Hogg (43).
The Irish pork industry.
The pork industry is the fourth biggest in Ireland's agriculture sector, worth around €400 million per year to the Irish economy. The country's farms produce over 3 million pigs per annum, almost 50% of which are consumed within the Republic. The remainder is exported, heavily to the neighbouring territories of Northern Ireland and Britain, but it also features in grocery stores and processed meats throughout two continents – Europe and Asia. In 2007, Ireland exported 113,000 tons of pig meat, nearly half of which went to the United Kingdom. Over 500,000 live pigs were also shipped to the UK for slaughter and processing in that country. Ireland's other major customers of its pork are Germany, the buyer of 9,000 tons in 2007; France, Italy and several countries within the boundaries of Eastern Europe, which together purchased over 20,000 tons, Russia, the buyer of 6,600 tons, and China, which came into the ownership of 1,100 tons.
Effects.
Within two days of the first announcement 1,800 jobs have been lost in the Irish pig industry with a further 6,000 jobs said to be at risk by Ireland's largest trade union SIPTU. Ireland's largest pig meat processor, Rosderra Irish Meats Group Ltd., turned away all of its 850 employees at four plants on 8 December, telling them to sign up for state unemployment benefits. Workers in the pork industry who have been laid off in the wake of the crisis, including those from affected plants in Edenderry, Waterford and Kilkenny, were to carry out a lunchtime protest at Leinster House (government buildings in Dublin) on 11 December. SIPTU was organising the demonstration citing "delays in resuming production" and the financial "dire straits" some workers are in as their reasons.
Processors have halted the slaughtering of pigs until the Irish government promises them financial reparation. 100,000 pigs could be slaughtered and the current estimated costs of the crisis stand at €100 million.
Reactions.
Local reactions.
Within hours a number of local newspapers in Ireland including the "Longford Leader" and the "Leitrim Observer" had reproduced copies of the same Press Association article.
National reactions.
The Food Safety Authority of Ireland moved immediately to reassure the general public of Ireland. Speaking on RTÉ Radio on the morning after the initial announcement, Deputy chief executive of the FSAI, Alan Reilly said it was "necessary as a precautionary measure" to remove all pork products from within the country. He said he "expected" pork products to be available again before the busy Christmas period got underway and is scheduled to meet government officials and retailers within hours. Irish hotels and guesthouses were immediately notified of the unfolding situation and asked to dispose of all their pork products by the Irish Hotels Federation. Some Tesco outlets initially only gave refunds for their own branded pork produce but have since begun issuing refunds to all affected Irish products. Superquinn however gave full refunds. A helpline set up by the Food Safety Authority of Ireland had received 3,000 calls within 72 hours of the outbreak.
International reactions.
The UK's Food Standards Agency has said it does not believe its country's consumers face "significant risk" but it is still awaiting confirmation from the Irish authorities that the affected products had not been exported to its neighbour. Chief Scientist Andrew Wadge stated on his FSA blog that because dioxins remain in the body for approximately 30 years, exceeding regulatory limits for a few days has an "insignificant" effect on the individual consumer. The Tolerable Daily Intake standard sets a level that is without appreciable risk to health over a prolonged period.
In Asia, South Korea has banned imports and advised retailers to stop selling Irish produce, Singapore is following suit, whilst China has "provisionally" stopped importation. Japan has also said it may recall Irish pork products.
Press.
Within twelve hours of the pork recall announcement, the international press was carrying the story and within thirty-six hours there were over 1,700 newspaper articles on the crisis globally. Tabloid "The Sun" announced the story as "Toxic Irish pork is swept off shelves" whilst the "Daily Mirror" opted for "Poison pork panic: Irish pigs were fed on plastic bags". "Daily Express" ran the story under the banner headline "Shoppers told: Don't eat toxic Irish pork" and the "Daily Mail" went with the headline "British shoppers 'may not be able to tell whether they have Irish poison pork in their fridge'". "The Times" had the headline "Shops rush to take Irish pork off shelves", warning that EU labelling laws meant pork originating in Ireland could have been labelled as British. "Le Monde" had the top-five most e-mailed website headline "Dioxin alert in Irish pork" and "The Straits Times" website had the crisis as its second most popular story. "El País" reported its concern that contaminated meat might have arrived in Spain via France and Portugal. "The New York Times", under the headline "Ireland investigating tainted pork" and "The Washington Post", under the headline "Ireland recalls pork products after dioxin test", covered the story in their own short ways. AFP had the headline "Ireland scrambles to contain pork cancer scare" and the Xinhua News Agency was one of the earliest news agencies to follow the story with headlines including "Irish police to investigate pork contamination". CNN tagged the story as "another red flag being waved over dinner tables this week with warnings from the Irish government not to eat its pork products", comparing the crisis to bovine spongiform encephalopathy, bird flu and the 2008 Chinese milk scandal.
Return to shelves.
Superquinn has said it will have Irish pork, traceable to one farm in County Kilkenny on shelves by 11 December, becoming the first Irish supermarket chain to do so. However as early as 7pm on 10 December Irish retailer Dunnes had approved Galtee ham back on shelves for sale.
Other affected foods.
Beef.
Twenty one cattle farms in the Republic were discovered to have used the contaminated pig feed, whilst eight cattle farms used it in Northern Ireland. It was disclosed on 18 December 2008 that beef samples from the affected farms had dioxin levels between 100 and 400 times above the legal limit. The Irish authorities went to great lengths to insist that the threat to public health from Irish beef products, despite the extremely high dioxin levels, was insignificant. It was noted that the official announcement made no reference to the dioxin levels being 100 to 400 times the legal limit. In a statement the FSAI recommended "that cattle which are locked down from these 21 farms should now be slaughtered and not allowed enter the food chain". There is to be no public recall of Irish beef. The European Commission is being kept informed.
However, 3,000 animals from these herds have been slaughtered and have already entered the food chain since September. The UK's Food Standards Agency is conducting tests to assess the level of dioxins present in Northern Irish cattle herds.
Milk.
One farm in Northern Ireland has been identified as having fed contaminated animal feed to dairy cattle. Northern Ireland's Minister of Health, Social Services and Public Safety, Michael McGimpsey has announced restrictions on milk supplies in the province.
European Food Safety Authority's statement.
In its statement issued on 10 December 2008, The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) considered that the levels of dioxin & dioxin like PCBs in Irish pork, before the contaminated pork was withdrawn, posed no risk to health. The EFSA calculated a number of different exposure scenarios, and they found that if a consumer ate Irish pork each day over the 90 day period, 10% of which was contaminated, the "increase in the Body burden be of no concern for this single event". In the "very extreme case" of eating large amounts of 100% contaminated Irish pork every day over the 90-day period in question, the EFSA considered that "this unlikely scenario would reduce protection, but not necessarily lead to adverse health effects".
However the EFSA warns that its calculations are "Based on the very limited new data related to the current contamination incident of pork, which were made available to EFSA" and concludes its statement with the "EFSA based this statement on a limited data set". It also makes clear that its calculations assumed that exposure at these high levels only began in September 2008. If it is found that the animal feed had been contaminated prior to September 2008 then it will have to re-evaluate its findings. The statement did not address the issue of contaminated beef.
Criminal investigation.
A criminal investigation commenced in December 2008 and on 6 March 2010 it was reported in the Irish Times that a criminal prosecution will be taken in relation to the incident.
Civil case.
Millstream Recycling Ltd. has taken a civil case against Mr. Gerard Tierney, Newtown Park Avenue, Blackrock, Co Dublin and against his company Newtown Lodge Ltd, Fairview, Dublin. Millstream claims its pig feed products were contaminated by "defective" oil supplied by Mr. Gerard Tierney and his company Newtown Lodge Ltd.
Past contamination incidents.
See also Polychlorinated dibenzodioxins

</doc>
<doc id="20572718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572718" title="Apolemichthys griffisi">
Apolemichthys griffisi

Griffis angelfish, Apolemichthys griffisi is a marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 30cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572730" title="János Urányi">
János Urányi

János Urányi (24 June 1924 - 23 May 1964) was a Hungarian sprint canoer.
Urányi was born in Balatonboglár and competed from the late 1940s to the late 1950s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-2 10000 m event at Melbourne in 1956.
Urányi also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1958) and a bronze (K-4 10000 m: 1954).
He died in Budapest, aged 39.

</doc>
<doc id="20572735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572735" title="Threshold displacement energy">
Threshold displacement energy

The threshold displacement energy formula_1 is the minimum kinetic energy
that an atom in a solid needs to be permanently
displaced from its lattice site to a 
defect position.
It is also known as "displacement threshold energy" or just "displacement energy".
In a crystal, a separate threshold displacement
energy exists for each crystallographic 
direction. Then one should distinguish between the
minimum formula_2 and average formula_3 over all
lattice directions threshold displacement energies.
In amorphous solids it may be possible to define an effective
displacement energy to describe some other average quantity of interest.
Threshold displacement energies in typical solids are
of the order of 10 - 50 eV.
Theory and simulation.
The threshold displacement energy is a materials property relevant during high-energy particle radiation of materials.
The maximum energy formula_4 that an irradiating particle can transfer in a 
binary collision 
to an atom in a material is given by (including relativistic effects)
formula_5
where E is the kinetic energy and m the mass of the incoming irradiating particle and M the mass of the material atom. c is the velocity of light.
If the kinetic energy E is much smaller than the mass formula_6 of the irradiating particle, the equation reduces to
formula_7
In order for a permanent defect to be produced from initially perfect crystal lattice, the kinetic energy that it receives formula_4 must be larger than the formation energy of a Frenkel pair. 
However, while the Frenkel pair formation energies in crystals are typically around 5–10 eV, the average threshold displacement energies are much higher, 20–50 eV. The reason for this apparent discrepancy is that the defect formation is a complex multi-body collision process (a small collision cascade) where the atom that receives a recoil energy can also bounce back, or kick another atom back to its lattice site. Hence, even the minimum threshold displacement energy is usually clearly higher than the Frenkel pair formation energy. 
Each crystal direction has in principle its own threshold displacement energy, so for a full description one should know the full threshold displacement surface 
formula_9
for all non-equivalent crystallographic directions . Then 
formula_10
and 
formula_11
where the minimum and average is with respect to all angles in three dimensions.
An additional complication is that the threshold displacement energy for a given direction is not necessarily a step function, but there can be an intermediate 
energy region where a defect may or may not be formed depending on the random atom displacements.
The one can define a lower threshold where a defect may be formed formula_12, 
and an upper one where it is certainly formed formula_13
The difference between these two may be surprisingly large, and whether or not this effect is taken into account may have a large effect on the average threshold displacement energy.
It is not possible to write down a single analytical equation that would relate e.g. elastic material properties or defect formation energies to the threshold displacement energy. Hence theoretical study of the threshold displacement energy is conventionally carried out using either classical
or quantum mechanical 
molecular dynamics computer simulations. Although an analytical description of the
displacement is not possible, the "sudden approximation" gives fairly good approximations
of the threshold displacement energies at least in covalent materials and low-index crystal
directions 
An example molecular dynamics simulation of a threshold displacement event is available in [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWu5Qf8y6iQ]. The animation shows how a defect (Frenkel pair, i.e. an interstitial and vacancy) is formed in silicon when a lattice atom is given a recoil energy of 20 eV in the 100 direction. The data for the animation was obtained from density functional theory molecular dynamics computer simulations.
Such simulations have given significant qualitative insights into the threshold displacement energy, but the quantitative results should be viewed with caution.
The classical interatomic potentials are usually fit only to equilibrium properties, and hence their predictive capability may be limited. Even in the most studied materials such as Si and Fe, there are variations of more than a factor of two in the predicted threshold displacement energies. The quantum mechanical simulations based on density functional theory (DFT) are likely to be much more accurate, but very few comparative studies of different DFT methods on this issue have yet been carried out to assess their quantitative reliability.
Experimental studies.
The threshold displacement energies have been studied
extensively with electron irradiation 
experiments. Electrons with kinetic energies of the order of hundreds of keVs or a few MeVs can to a very good approximation be considered to collide with a single lattice atom at a time.
Since the initial energy for electrons coming from a particle accelerator is accurately known, one can thus
at least in principle determine the lower minimum threshold displacement
formula_14
energy by irradiating a crystal with electrons of increasing energy until defect formation is observed. Using the equations given above one can then translate the electron energy E into the threshold energy T. If the irradiation is carried out on a single crystal in a known crystallographic directions one can determine also direction-specific thresholds
formula_15.
There are several complications in interpreting the experimental results, however. To name a few, in thick samples the electron beam will spread, and hence the measurement on single crystals
does not probe only a single well-defined crystal direction. Impurities may cause the threshold
to appear lower than they would be in pure materials.
Temperature dependence.
Particular care has to be taken when interpreting threshold displacement energies
at temperatures where defects are mobile and can recombine. At such temperatures,
one should consider
two distinct processes: the creation of the defect by the high-energy
ion (stage A), and subsequent thermal recombination effects (stage B).
The initial stage A. of defect creation, until all excess kinetic
energy has dissipated in the lattice and it is back to its
initial temperature T0, takes < 5 ps. This is the fundamental
("primary damage") threshold displacement energy, and also the one
usually simulated by molecular dynamics computer simulations.
After this
(stage B), however, close Frenkel pairs may be recombined
by thermal processes. Since low-energy recoils just above the
threshold only produce close Frenkel pairs, recombination
is quite likely.
Hence on experimental time scales and temperatures above the first
(stage I) recombination temperature, what one sees is the combined
effect of stage A and B. Hence the net effect often is that the
threshold energy appears to increase with increasing temperature,
since the Frenkel pairs produced by the lowest-energy recoils
above threshold all recombine, and only defects produced by higher-energy
recoils remain. Since thermal recombination is time-dependent, 
any stage B kind of recombination also implies that the
results may have a dependence on the ion irradiation flux.
In a wide range of materials, defect recombination occurs already below
room temperature. E.g. in metals the initial ("stage I") close Frenkel
pair recombination and interstitial migration starts to happen already
around 10-20 K.
Similarly, in Si major recombination of damage happens already
around 100 K during ion irradiation and 4 K during electron irradiation
Even the stage A threshold displacement energy can be expected
to have a temperature dependence, due to effects such as thermal
expansion, temperature dependence of the elastic constants and increased
probability of recombination before the lattice has cooled down back to the
ambient temperature T0.
These effects, are, however, likely to be much weaker than the 
stage B thermal recombination effects.
Relation to higher-energy damage production.
The threshold displacement energy is often used to estimate the total 
amount of defects produced by higher energy irradiation using the Kinchin-Pease or NRT
equations
which says that the number of Frenkel pairs produced formula_16
for a nuclear deposited energy of formula_17 is
formula_18
for any nuclear deposited energy above formula_19.
However, this equation should be used with great caution for several
reasons. For instance, it does not account for any thermally activated 
recombination of damage, nor the well known fact that in metals
the damage production is for high energies only something like
20% of the Kinchin-Pease prediction.
The threshold displacement energy is also often used in 
binary collision approximation 
computer codes such as SRIM to estimate
damage. However, the same caveats as for the Kinchin-Pease equation
also apply for these codes (unless they are extended with a damage
recombination model).
Moreover, neither the Kinchin-Pease equation nor SRIM take in any way
account of ion channeling, which may in crystalline or
polycrystalline materials reduce the nuclear deposited
energy and thus the damage production dramatically for some
ion-target combinations. For instance, keV ion implantation
into the Si 110 crystal direction leads to massive channeling
and thus reductions in stopping power.
Similarly, light ion like He irradiation of a BCC metal like Fe
leads to massive channeling even in a randomly selected
crystal direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20572744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572744" title="Euxiphipops xanthometopon">
Euxiphipops xanthometopon

A Marine angelfish from the Indo-Pacific that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 38cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572783" title="Beylerbeylik">
Beylerbeylik

A beylerbeylik was a large administrative entity within the Ottoman Empire and Safavid Persia during the 15th-18th centuries. They were governed by beylerbeys ("bey of beys" i.e., commander-in-chiefs).

</doc>
<doc id="20572796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572796" title="László Fábián (canoeist)">
László Fábián (canoeist)

László Fábián (born 10 July 1936 in Budapest) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the late 1960s. He won a gold medal in the K-2 10000 m at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He is Jewish.
Fábián also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-2 10000 m: 1958, 1963, 1966; K-4 10000 m: 1963) and one silver (K-4 10000 m: 1966).

</doc>
<doc id="20572799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572799" title="Centropyge multifasciata">
Centropyge multifasciata

The barred angelfish or multibarred angelfish ("Centropyge multifasciata") is a species of marine angelfish (family Pomacanthidae) of the order Perciformes. It is native to the Indo-Pacific, more specifically an area from the Cocos-Keeling Atoll to the Society Islands, ranging north to the Yaeyama Islands and south to the Great Barrier Reef. "C. multifasciata" is one of three deeper-bodied species of dwarf angels (the other species include "C. boylei" and "C. venusta"). It has a white base color with eight black vertical bars that become yellowish ventrally and it grows to 12cm SL. Juveniles possess fewer bars and have a distinctive ocellus on their dorsal fin that fades when they grow. It inhabits caves and crevices in outer reef slopes and can be found in depths between 20m and 70m. "C. multifasciata" feeds on algae, sponges, tunicates and other benthic invertebrates and small crustaceans and can often be seen foraging upside-down on cave ceilings.
"Centropyge multifasciata" lives in harems with one dominant male and usually multiple females. Like all other "Centropyge" angels it is a protogynous hermaphrodite, with all individuals being female initially and the dominant ones changing to males. Barred angelfish are broadcast spawners, releasing their gametes into the water column after an intense and lengthy mating ritual. They show no parental care. The larvae hatch after 16-18 hours from the small eggs (0.7mm in diameter). They have a pelagic phase of up to 50 days after which they become benthic and metamorphose into juveniles.
In the aquarium.
"Centropyge multifasciata" is one of the medium priced dwarf angelfish with sales prices usually ranging from $50 to $100 per specimen (2010). Availability may vary but "C. multifasciata" cannot be considered "rare" in the trade. They usually arrive in fish stores in good health, problems can however arise when keeping them in sterile quarantine settings without live rock where not enough food can be found, as barred angelfish often do not accept artificial or frozen foods initially. Aquarists will therefore have to weigh the risks of skipping quarantine. Applying freshwater dips before placing "C. multifasciata" in their tanks is usually sufficient to prevent the introduction of protozoans via these fish.
Barred angelfish are social fish and should be kept in pairs or larger groups in large enough reef tank settings. Keeping more than one specimen also facilitates weaning them onto frozen or prepared foods (pelleted fish food or flakes, Artemia, Mysis, mussels and fresh oysters). After introduction to the tank "C. multifasciata" can be quite shy and reclusive, but when they have established their territory this will almost always improve. Outgoing but not too aggressive tank mates, such as for example surgeonfish or butterflyfish can help with overcoming timidness. 
When keeping barred angelfish with other species of the genus "Centropyge", the different levels of aggressiveness of the different species have to be taken into account, as "C. multifasciata" is one of the less aggressive members of the genus. 

</doc>
<doc id="20572806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572806" title="Mikhail Kuznetsov (canoeist)">
Mikhail Kuznetsov (canoeist)

Mikhail Nikolayevich Kuznetsov () (born 14 May 1985 in Nizhny Tagil) is a Russian slalom canoer who has competed since the early 2000s in the C-2 class together with his partner Dmitry Larionov. They won a bronze medal in the C-2 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Four years later at the London games they finished in 14th place in the same event and failed to qualify for the semifinals. 

</doc>
<doc id="20572810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572810" title="Lefteris Gialousis">
Lefteris Gialousis

Lefteris Gialousis (; born 18 July 1985 in Heraklion, Crete) is a Greek football defender who currently plays for Greek Super League club Asteras Tripoli F.C..
Professional career.
Irodotos.
Gialousis began his career playing with local Heraklion side Irodotos, in Gamma Ethniki and Delta Ethniki.
Ergotelis.
After three-and-a-half seasons with Irodotos, the big Heraklion clubs had taken notice of his performances, and during the winter transfer window of the 2006–07 season Gialousis signed with Greek Super League club Ergotelis. Gialousis did not make an appearance for the club in 2006–07.
In the 2007–08 season, Gialousis was forced to wait patiently for his first chance to play, which finally came in Week 21 – Gialousis made his Super League debut on 16 February 2008, playing all 90 minutes in a 1–0 loss to Greek champions Olympiacos at Karaiskakis Stadium. After a fine performance against Olympiacos, Gialousis kept his place in the team, starting every match for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20572819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572819" title="1977–78 Slovenian Republic League">
1977–78 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20572820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572820" title="John Carpenter filmography">
John Carpenter filmography

John Carpenter is an American film director, producer, writer and composer. He has contributed to many projects as either the producer, writer, director, actor, composer or a combination of the five.
Films.
Highest-grossing films.
This is a list of films directed by John Carpenter that grossed more than $10 million at the US box office according to Box Office Mojo. Carpenter's films have grossed domestically a total of more than $282 million, with an average of $18 million per film.

</doc>
<doc id="20572873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572873" title="Psilopa">
Psilopa

Psilopa is a genus of flies. The Petroleum fly, formerly "P. petrolei", which is the only known insect to develop in naturally occurring crude oil, was transferred to genus "Helaeomyia".

</doc>
<doc id="20572890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572890" title="Centropyge heraldi">
Centropyge heraldi

Centropyge heraldi is a species of Marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572901" title="1978–79 Slovenian Republic League">
1978–79 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20572907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572907" title="Centropyge tibicen">
Centropyge tibicen

Centropyge tibicen, known commonly as the Keyhole angelfish or Puller Angelfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae.
The Keyhole angelfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area.
The Keyhole angelfish is a small size fish and can reach a maximum size of 19 cm length .

</doc>
<doc id="20572909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572909" title="Darts (album)">
Darts (album)

Darts is a 2003 album from the Benevento/Russo Duo. Made up of only Marco Benevento and Joe Russo, the album contains the two playing only keyboards and drums, respectively. It was recorded live at the Knitting Factory and the Tribeca Rock Club, both venues in New York City. 

</doc>
<doc id="20572912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572912" title="Gulzar, Quetta">
Gulzar, Quetta

Gulzar is a union council of the Quetta District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located to the south-east of the district capital Quetta with an altitude of .
When the British control on Quetta was established, it was turned into an army garrison. Today, where the staff college Quetta stands, at that very place, was a fort called "Fort Durrani". when the British chose Quetta to be a military garrison, they bought this fort from the Durrani's. In 1905 Asia's largest military academy staff college was established in Quetta. The Durranis were removed from it. Therefore Ghullam Sarver Khan Durrani s/o Sardar Saeed Khan Durrani bought a very large piece of land from Syed Mohammad Ashraf Shah s/o Syed Mohammad Sadiq Shah adjacent to killi Kirani Quetta and formed a village there called killi Gulzar. It is present today as well and its record is present in land review records.

</doc>
<doc id="20572919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572919" title="Centropyge multicolor">
Centropyge multicolor

Centropyge multicolor is a marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 9 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572928" title="Norbert Sattler">
Norbert Sattler

Norbert Sattler (born October 4, 1951 in Kötschach-Mauthen) is a former Austrian slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1980s. He won a silver medal in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Sattler also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (K-1: 1973, K-1 team: 1971) two silvers (K-1 team: 1977, 1979) and a bronze (K-1: 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20572929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572929" title="Jubail Academy International School">
Jubail Academy International School

The Jubail International School is a member of the Al-Hussan network of schools, including its sister school Al-Hussan Academy in Al-Khobar. It opened in September 1999 and has KGI to grade 12 with students representing around 18 nationalities. The Saudi Arabia Ministry of Education, General Administration, approves the school for expatriate education. The language of instruction is English. 
Introduction.
The Jubail International School is a university preparatory school educating students primarily for American, British, and Arab universities. The first graduating class, in 2002-2003, grade 12, completed course requirements for a high school diploma. Students at Jubail International School are prepared to take the American College Board Examinations (TOEFL, SAT I, SAT II, Advanced Placement) and the British IGCSE, A Level and AS Level examinations.
The preparation for SAT, SAT subject tests, TOEFL, and Advanced Placement are not held by teachers. Students are forced to take tuition for all the courses that are being taught in school.
History.
The tradition of Al-Hussan education in Saudi Arabia began in 1956 when Sheikh Abdel Aziz Rashid Al-Hussan started the Arab Cultural Institute for adult education. In the following year Al-Hussan Modern Girls School, the first girls’ school in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia, was opened.
Today there are twelve schools and other educational institutes throughout the Eastern Province rated among the best in Saudi Arabia, with enrolment of over 6,000 students. 
Al-Hussan International Schools are the most recent addition to the organization. Although they are still young in age, they have grown steadily and their occupancy is increasing rapidly. The occupancy for the year 2001-2002 was 540 students in the Khobar School and 285 students in the Jubail School, and waiting lists are now in existence for several grades -a testament to parental belief in the standard of education offered in these establishments. Both Al-Hussan International Schools are English medium day schools, enrolling students from Kindergarten through Grade 12. 
Campus.
The Jubail International School is housed in a purpose-built centrally air-conditioned school building. The single-level facility includes 24 classrooms, library, fully equipped science laboratory, multi-purpose room, computer laboratory and large art room. The outdoor play area consists of two basketball courts, soccer ground and protected kindergarten playground on spacious grounds.
New campus.
On 1 January 2011, the building of the school was changed. The new building is centrally air-conditioned with an indoor gym.
Splitting.
With the oil boom in early 2000s, Jubail Industrial City saw a huge increase in population. The number of students grew rapidly in the school; the administration decided to split the school in two sections, one separate for boys and another separate for girls. The change was completed successfully in late 2008. Initially the teachers commuted but later new teachers were hired to cover up the gap. Both of the new sections are closely situated and there is usual traffic of teachers between the schools to discuss important matters regarding exams and preparation.
Student council.
The student body has its own well-structured union to represent it. The structure is typical of that of any International School. It consists of a President and Vice President along with the Secretary and there are members, called "reps", from all grades. It is a very democratic type of system and elections are held each year to elect the council. 
The motto of the student council, as it is depicted on the logo is "Making it happen..."
Admission.
The Jubail International School admission policy is competitive. All students are required to take a diagnostic exam for grade/level placement in English and Mathematics. All students must choose a second language: French, Arabic or Urdu.
Accreditation.
The school is endorsed by some of highly respected organisations. These include CITA (Commission on Trans Regional Accreditation) and CIS (Council of International Schools). The school is also the testing centre for British IGCSE, AS Level and A Level examinations.
Special Achievements.
Two of the students among the six students who excelled in CIE Examination board in Saudi Arabia were from Jubail International School. Georges Obied ranked top in the world in IGCSE Physics. Saman Ishtiaq Malik ranked top in the world in AS Applied ICT.

</doc>
<doc id="20572935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572935" title="Erasmus Ommanney">
Erasmus Ommanney

Admiral Sir Erasmus Ommanney KCB, FRS, FRGS, JP (22 May 1814 – 21 December 1904) was a Royal Navy officer and an Arctic explorer of the Victorian era.
Early life.
Born in London in 1814 the seventh son in a family of eight sons and three daughters of Sir Francis Molyneux Ommanney (1774?–1840), a naval agent and from 1818 to 1826 MP for Barnstaple, and his wife, Georgiana Frances, daughter of Joshua Hawkes. The Ommanneys had long distinguished themselves in the Royal Navy, Ommanney's grandfather being Rear Admiral Cornthwaite Ommanney (d. 1801), and his uncles were Admiral Sir John Acworth Ommanney and Admiral Henry Manaton Ommanney. Major General Edward Lacon Ommanney Royal Engineers was his eldest brother and Prebendary George Druce Wynne Ommanney was a younger brother.
Naval career.
Ommanney entered the Navy aged 12 in August 1826 under his uncle, Captain John Ommanney, the captain of HMS "Albion", which in December 1826 convoyed to Lisbon the troops sent to protect Portugal against the Spanish invasion. The ship then went to the Mediterranean, and on 20 October 1827 Ommanney took part in the Battle of Navarino aged just 13. The captured flag of the Turkish Commander-in-Chief was handed down by seniority among the surviving officers until 1890, when Ommanney, the sole survivor of the action, presented it to King George I of Greece.
Having passed his naval examination in 1833, Ommanney served for a short period as mate in the brig HMS "Pantaloon". On 10 December 1835 he was promoted lieutenant, and in the same month was appointed to the transport ship HMS "Cove", which was ordered to Baffin Bay to release a number of whalers caught in the ice. He received the special commendation of the Admiralty for this dangerous service. In October 1836 he joined the frigate HMS "Pique", and a year later he was appointed to HMS "Donegal" as flag-lieutenant to his uncle, now Sir John Ommanney, Commander-in-Chief on the Lisbon and Mediterranean stations. 
Ommanney was promoted commander on 9 October 1840, and from August 1841 to the end of 1844 served on board the steam sloop HMS "Vesuvius" in the Mediterranean Sea. Here he was employed on the coast of Morocco for the protection of British subjects during the French hostilities, which included the bombardment of Tangier by the Prince de Joinville's naval squadron. Ommanney was promoted captain on 9 November 1846, and from 1847 to 1848 was employed under the government commission during the Irish Famine, carrying into effect relief measures and the new poor law. In 1845 Ommanney was elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, and on 4 June 1848 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS).
When Captain Horatio Austin was appointed to command HMS "Resolute" during the Franklin search expedition in February 1850, he chose his friend Ommanney as second in command. The "Resolute" and Ommanney's ship, HMS "Assistance", each had a steam tender ("Pioneer" and "Intrepid"). The expedition also organized an extensive system of sledge journeys, by which means the coast of Prince of Wales Island was surveyed. On 25 August 1850 Ommanney discovered the first traces of the fate of Sir John Franklin, which proved that his ships had wintered at Beechey Island when he discovered "fragments of stores and ragged clothing and the remains of an encampment". On the headland of nearby Beechey Island, Ommanney found a large cairn. More relics were scattered nearby but, although the cairn was dismantled, no further traces of the ill-fated expedition were to be found. The expedition returned to England in October 1851, in which year he was awarded the Arctic Medal for his scientific researches. 
In December 1851 Ommanney was appointed Deputy Controller-General of HM Coastguard, holding this position until the Crimean War of 1854, when he commissioned HMS "Eurydice" as senior officer of a small squadron in the White Sea, where he blockaded Archangel, stopping the coasting trade, and destroyed Russian Government property. His White Sea service ended in a battle between his squadron and a Russian Orthodox monastery at Archangel. Ommanney's service in the Baltic was marked by his aggressive operations against Russian shore positions and gunboats, summoning defenceless towns to surrender, and his exaggerated reports of successes.
On 14 January 1853 Ommanney was elected a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
On 27 February 1844 he married Emily Mary (d. 1857), the daughter of Samuel Smith of HM Dockyard, Malta. Their son Erasmus Austin Ommanney joined the Royal Navy in 1863, retired with the rank of commander in 1879, took holy orders in 1883, and was vicar of St Michael's, Southsea, from 1892 to 1911.
Later years.
Ommanney married Mary Stone in 1862. She died on 1 September 1906, aged 81. In March 1867 he was created CB. On 14 July 1871 Ommanney was promoted to vice admiral, retiring on 1 January 1875. He was promoted to admiral on the retired list on 1 August 1877, in which year he was knighted for his scientific work in the Arctic. He had been elected FRS in 1868 for the same reason, and to the end of his life continued to take a great interest in geographical work and service subjects. He attended meetings of the Royal Geographical Society and the Royal United Service Institution, and for many years he was a councillor of both bodies, and of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. He was also a JP for Hampshire. In June 1902 he was made KCB.
Ommanney died on 21 December 1904 at his son's home, St Michael's vicarage, St Michael's Road, Southsea, Hampshire, and was buried in Old Mortlake Cemetery.
Ommanney Bay on Prince of Wales Island, and Erasmus Ommanney Island (, "Ostrov Ommani"), a small crescent-shaped island located off the northwestern tip of Jackson Island in Arctic Russia, are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20572940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572940" title="Centropyge flavicauda">
Centropyge flavicauda

Centropyge flavicauda is a Marine angelfish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 8cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20572944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572944" title="Bands on the Run">
Bands on the Run

Bands on the Run is an American competitive reality TV show which first aired weekly on VH1 from April 2 to July 15, 2001. The show featured four unsigned bands competing for a prize package which included $50,000 in cash, $100,000 in musical equipment from Guitar Center, a showcase in front of recording executives, and a fully produced music video to be aired on VH1. In the season finale, it was revealed that the band Flickerstick won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20572947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572947" title="Richard C. Slutzky">
Richard C. Slutzky

Richard C. Slutzky is a member of both the Maryland, USA and National Wrestling Halls of Fame. Wrestling for Syracuse University in 1963, he won fourth place in the NCAA Wrestling Tournament. The following year he placed second, losing in the finals against Gordon Hassman 
Slutzky was born in St Louis, Missouri, attended elementary school in California, USA, and secondary school in Plainedge, New York. He received his B.S. and M.S. degrees from Syracuse University. Councilman Slutzky served as a Private First Class in the USMCR.
Richard C. Slutzky spent several years teaching and coaching at the university level before beginning his thirty-one year career as a teacher and coach at Aberdeen High School. His contributions to the sport of wrestling resulted in his induction into both the Maryland and National Wrestling Halls of Fame and appointment to the State Board of Directors of the Maryland Chapter of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Richard C. Slutzky is currently a Council Member of Harford County, MD District E which includes: Aberdeen, MD, Churchville, and Fountain Green. He was elected in 2002 and re-elected in 2006.
As a member of the Harford County Council, Councilman Slutzky serves as Liaison to the Board of Education and Chairman of the Adequate Public Facilities Board. His hobbies include athletics, gardening and the study of Native American history and culture.
Councilman Slutzky is married to Linda and they have three sons who reside with their families in Harford County, MD.

</doc>
<doc id="20572966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572966" title="Centropyge potteri">
Centropyge potteri

Centropyge potteri, Potter's angelfish or the russet angelfish, is a marine angelfish from the "Eastern Central Pacific Ocean," or, more particularly, from the Hawaiian Islands and Johnston Atoll (located to the south of Hawaii).
Appearance.
Potter's angelfish sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length. It is bright orange with irregular, close-set, thin, vertical black stripes on the head and body. The lower part of the body grades to a blueish-black colour. These fish inhabit rocky ledges, feed on algae and detritus and prefer plenty of live rock that they can dart in and out of. This species is essentially hermaphrodite and generally has a dominant male with a harem of females in the wild.
Distribution and habitat.
This fish is native to the Johnston Atoll and the Hawaiian Islands in the central Pacific Ocean. Its depth range is . It is a bentho-pelagic species and its typical habitat is rock, coral and rubble areas of exposed reefs. 
Status.
Potter's angelfish has a wide range and is a common reef fish. Collection for the aquarium trade is not excessive and its numbers seem stable so the IUCN lists it as being of "Least Concern".
In the aquarium.
Potter's angelfish is generally reef compatible, however it has been known to nip at the polyps of stony corals. It will accept a varied diet of live food, frozen foods, meaty items, flake food and plenty of algae. Does best with live rock to graze on. Potter's angelfish are best kept on their own or in pairs because they will fight with others of their own kind. This fish is peaceful and is generally only aggressive to similar species and its own kind. It can be bullied by larger fish present in the tank and it is best to introduce it as one of the first fish in the aquarium.

</doc>
<doc id="20572968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572968" title="Harald Gimpel">
Harald Gimpel

Harald Gimpel (born September 6, 1951 in Wallendorf, Saxony-Anhalt) is an East German slalom canoer who competed in the 1970s. He won the bronze medal in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Gimpel also won two bronze medals at the 1975 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Skopje in the K-1 event and the K-1 team event.

</doc>
<doc id="20572994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20572994" title="Centropyge ferrugata">
Centropyge ferrugata

Centropyge ferrugata is a marine angelfish from the Western Pacific Ocean. It sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20573011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573011" title="Gulzar, Kharan">
Gulzar, Kharan

Gulzar is Union council of Kharan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 28°1'0N 63°26'0E with an altitude of 540 metres (1774 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573025" title="Centropyge venustus">
Centropyge venustus

Centropyge venustus or the Purple Masked Angelfish is a Marine angelfish from the Western Pacific that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20573026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573026" title="1979–80 Slovenian Republic League">
1979–80 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20573042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573042" title="Sergio McClain">
Sergio McClain

Sergio McClain (born November 2, 1978 in Peoria, Illinois) is a former professional basketball player and NJCAA coach. He was the 1997 winner of the prestigious Illinois Mr. Basketball award.
Biography.
In high school, Sergio was the star player on one of the top high school teams in the nation, Peoria Manual High School, and led them to an unprecedented four consecutive state titles, a feat that stood alone in the IHSA record book until Jabari Parker led Simeon Career Academy to four state championships from 2010-13. Sergio was a three time all-state selection, and Conference Player of the Year in 1997. Ultimately, he was named 1997 Illinois Mr. Basketball.
McClain later played for Lon Kruger and Bill Self at the University of Illinois, along with his high school teammates Marcus Griffin and Frank Williams. "The Peoria 3" anchored one of the Big Ten's top teams during their time there and the Illini ultimately earned a number one seed in the 2001 NCAA Tournament, advancing to the Elite 8. His intimidating stature led Illini football coach Ron Turner to approach him about trying out for his team as a linebacker or safety, but after a few practices, McClain decided to focus on basketball.
McClain's father, Wayne, coached Manual High School during its title run, and after Sergio graduated from Illinois, Wayne joined Bill Self's staff as an assistant coach, where he continued to work under Bruce Weber, eventually following Weber to Kansas State. Sergio, often referred to as a physical and cerebral player, followed in his father's footsteps, having served as a player-coach in the ABA and was the head coach of the men's basketball program at Parkland College [http://www.pantagraph.com/articles/2008/04/01/usports/doc47f2cad68667f811011942.txt] in Champaign-Urbana, Illinois from 2008 - 2009.
Said McClain about his father's influence on him:
References.
Player Bio

</doc>
<doc id="20573044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573044" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 6">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 6

The qualification group 6 for the 2010 European Men's Handball Championship included the national teams of Czech Republic, France, Latvia, Luxembourg and Portugal. France and the Czech Republic qualified to the final tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20573062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573062" title="Union Day">
Union Day

Union Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20573072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573072" title="Lorenz Franz Kielhorn">
Lorenz Franz Kielhorn

Lorenz Franz Kielhorn (1840, Osnabrück - 1908, Göttingen) was a German Indologist.
Kielhorn worked in Oxford in the period 1862-65 with Friedrich Max Müller (1823-1900) in order to publish the first edition of Rigveda. From 1866 to 1881 he was a professor of Sanskrit at Deccan College in Pune, and after 1882 in Göttingen.
Kielhorn's results from the handling of rich material that he himself partially collected and partially got sent, is mainly explained in "Indian antiquary" and "Epigraphia indica". After the death of Georg Bühler (1837-1898), he edited the "Grundriss der indoarischen Philologie". Together with Bühler, Kielhorn had initiated the series "Bombay Sanskrit series"
He received the honorary Doctor of Laws (LL.D) from the University of Glasgow in June 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20573075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573075" title="Answer Before Dark">
Answer Before Dark

Answer Before Dark is a novel of manners by the American writer Elizabeth Moorhead (1865–1955) set in 1920s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of Mary Ann, daughter of an upper-middle-class family, who tries to defer her socially acceptable marriage proposal in order to pursue her dream of being a painter.

</doc>
<doc id="20573083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573083" title="Gulzar Kalle">
Gulzar Kalle

Gulzar Kalle, also Gulzar, is village of Bannu District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°59'35N 70°41'49E with an altitude of 321 metres (1056 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573139" title="Gulzar, Mardan">
Gulzar, Mardan

Gulzar is village of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°13'0N 72°6'25E lying to the north-east of the district capital Mardan - with an altitude of 293 metres (964 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573144" title="Alex Portman">
Alex Portman

Alex Portman (born 19 August 1967 in London) is a retired British auto racing driver. He raced in the eighties in the TVR Tuscan Challenge and some Historic Racing events;winning a championship 1991 and 1992 in a Ray Mallock built GT40. In 1990 he drove in the GM Vauxhall Lotus Euroseries, and raced in Canada in 1991 with the North American Formula Atlantic Championship. He also did some races in the British GT Championship.
BTCC.
For 1992 he competed in the prestigious British Touring Car Championship, replacing Bobby Verdon-Roe for the last part of the season with the Ecurie Ecosse Vauxhall team in a Vauxhall Cavalier. He finished the year outside the points.

</doc>
<doc id="20573208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573208" title="Mykolas Arlauskas">
Mykolas Arlauskas

Mykolas Arlauskas (born October 10, 1930 near Liepāja, Latvia) is an agronomist, professor of biomedicine, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="20573231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573231" title="Gulzar, Punjab">
Gulzar, Punjab

Gulzar is village of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°26'30N 73°21'5E lying to the south-east of the district capital Mandi Bahauddin - with an altitude of 201 metres (662 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573232" title="United States presidential election in Arizona, 2008">
United States presidential election in Arizona, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Arizona was won by Republican nominee and favorite son John McCain with an 8.5% margin of victory. Prior to the election, 16 of 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a red state. It was the home state of John McCain and has only been carried by a Democrat once since 1948. However, polls taken near Election Day in 2008 showed Democrat Barack Obama closer than expected to winning the state. McCain carried all but four of the state's 15 counties.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Opinion polls taken from February through to October 2008 showed McCain leading Obama by margins of between 1% and 21%. The final RealClearPolitics average gave the state an average of 53.8% for McCain, compared to 45.0% for Obama.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised $7,448,622. Barack Obama raised $5,491,056.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $1,510,900 in the state. McCain and his interest groups spent just $751. The Democratic ticket didn't visit the state. Arizona native John McCain visited the state 5 times in the election campaign.
Analysis.
Arizona has long been a Republican-dominated state. It is represented in the Senate by two Republicans (John McCain and Jon Kyl). It has only supported a Democrat for president once in the last 60 years, when Bill Clinton carried it in 1996. In addition, both the Arizona Senate and Arizona House of Representatives are controlled by Republicans - although the Governor was Democrat Janet Napolitano and Republicans held only four of Arizona's eight House seats before the election.
Arizona was McCain's home state and gave its 10 electoral votes to its favorite son. However, he won just under 54 percent of the vote. By comparison, he'd been reelected in 2004 with 77 percent of the vote, one of the largest margins of victory for a statewide race in Arizona history. This led to speculation that the race would have been far closer without McCain on the ballot. One major factor is the growing Hispanic vote in the state, a voting bloc that tends to favor the Democrats, although both George W. Bush and John McCain held moderate positions on illegal immigration.
Arizona politics are dominated by Maricopa and Pima counties, home to Phoenix and Tucson respectively. Between them, these two counties cast almost three-fourths of the state's vote and elect a substantial majority of the legislature. Maricopa County, a Republican stronghold since 1948, gave McCain an 11-point victory. This alone was more than enough to make up for Obama's narrow victory in Democratic-leaning Tucson. McCain also did well elsewhere throughout the state, winning the more sparsely populated counties by double-digits.
The election also saw Republicans making gains in the state legislature, as the GOP picked up one seat in the State Senate and three seats in the State House. The Democrats, however, managed to win the open seat in , with former state representative Ann Kirkpatrick cruising to victory over Republican Sydney Hay.
Results.
Constitution Party nominee Chuck Baldwin, Boston Tea Party nominee Charles Jay and independent candidate Jonathan Allen were registered write-in candidates in Arizona.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
McCain won a majority of the vote in six of Arizona's eight congressional districts, while Obama won two. McCain won two districts (AZ-08 and AZ-05) represented by Democrats (Gabrielle Giffords and Harry Mitchell, respectively), and one other (AZ-01) represented by a Republican at the time but which voted for a Democrat (Ann Kirkpatrick) in the simultaneous U.S. House elections. Both districts Obama carried are represented by Democrats.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Arizona cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Arizona is allocated 10 electors because it has 8 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 10 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 10 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 10 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20573233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573233" title="Paul Lange (canoeist)">
Paul Lange (canoeist)

Paul Lange (born 6 February 1931 in Oberhausen) is a West German-German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. He won a gold medal in the K-1 4 × 500 m event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome (with Dieter Krause, Günther Perleberg and Friedhelm Wentzke).
Lange also won two medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague with a gold in the K-1 4 × 500 m and a bronze in the K-2 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20573234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573234" title="Michael Doe (bishop)">
Michael Doe (bishop)

Michael David Doe (born 24 December 1947) is the Preacher of Gray's Inn and a former Bishop of Swindon.
Doe was born on Christmas Eve 1947 and educated at Durham University. After studying at Ripon College Cuddesdon he was ordained in 1973. He was a curate in St Helier after which he was Youth Secretary of Churches Together in Britain and Ireland. He served as Rural Dean of Cowley, Oxfordshire from 1987-1989 and as a canon residentiary at Portsmouth Cathedral before his ordination to the episcopate as suffragan bishop of Swindon in 1994. From 2004 to 2011 he served as General Secretary of the United Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. In 2011 he was appointed Preacher of Gray's Inn, one of the Inns of Court in London. In 2002 he was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="20573238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573238" title="Manga Home">
Manga Home

During the last several years, while sister magazine "Manga Time Kirara" has become the most popular of the "Manga Time" magazine family, "Manga Home" (along with "Manga Time") has retained a fairly conservative style and focus which has allowed it to remain popular. 
From December 1988 through July 1997, the magazine ran a "New Female Yonkoma Manga Artist" series which introduced a number of new artists such as Megumi Nanzawa, Chinatsu Tomobiki, Nobara Nonaka, Niniko Nitta, Moeko Narita, Yukari Tominaga, Aoi Morimura, Maya Koikeda, and Ryōji Sekine.
Currently serialized works.
Listed alphabetically.
Previously serialized works.
Listed in order of appearance.

</doc>
