<doc id="20741651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741651" title="Local Government Finance in Kerala">
Local Government Finance in Kerala

Local governments in Kerala enjoy very stable sources of revenue compared to their counterparts in the country. Even before the 73rd and 74th constitutional amendments in 1994, the situation was true. The sources of income earmarked for local governments, prior to the amendments, were meant for providing civic services and welfare functions, but not for development functions. The scenario had changed after the constitutional amendments and enactment of conformity acts in the State in 1994. Significant portion of development functions of the State were devolved to local governments. In 1996, the State government earmarked one-third of its development plan size as devolved funds for bottom-up planning in development sectors transferred to local governments. This was followed by many measures to support the financial health of local governments in the State.The tiny State of Kerala, lying in the south-west corner of Indian Union, emerges as a classic paradigm in fiscal decentralization to local governments.
The categories of sources of finance are as described below.
Tax revenue of local governments.
Taxation is the most appropriate way to fund local government services. Own local taxes make the revenue base of lower tier local governments potentially autonomous and strong.
Own taxes are directly demanded and collected by Village Panchayats, Municipalities and Corporations which are remaining very close to the people. District and Block Panchayats do not have the authority to collect taxes and have no consequent expenditure autonomy as that of others. They more or less function as spending agents of higher-level governments.
A three tier fragmented tax system in a federal system of governance has many inherent disadvantages. Decentralization of taxing powers hence may not fully match the decentralized expenditure, arising out of many institutions transferred as part of the functional devolution, in the new local government system.
Property tax.
Property tax constitutes a potential item of revenue for Grama Panchayats, Municipalities and Corporations.
Property tax is a fair, equitable and progressive tax that rises with the quantity of access to local services for the property. Very poor sections of communities are normally screened out of the property tax system. The Government of Kerala has decided to introduce plinth area based assessment of property tax for residential and non-residential commercial buildings in 1999. As rules and operational instructions are not implemented on the basis of the new decision, old system of property tax collection based on rental value is still in force right now in the mid-2007.
In Grama Panchayat, property tax is assessed at the rate of 6–10 percent of the annual rental value of the building since 1993. But majority of local governments are collecting the lower range of taxes. As well, due to non-implementation of general periodic revision of property tax in 1998 by the State Government, the usual periodic increase of around 25 percent could not be enjoyed by local governments. As well, there has been inefficiency in collection of property tax, which can be improved by providing properly designed incentives and enforcing of heightened penalty for non-payment.
In Municipalities, the rate is 5 to 25 percent and in Corporation 6 to 25 percent of the annual rental value.
Profession tax.
Profession tax is collected from all companies and individuals transacting business or engaged in a profession for at least 60 days in a half-year. They are bound to pay the tax at such rates as are fixed by the concerned local government subject to the maximum rates prescribed by the Government. The rates are as follows:-
Table:Rates of Profession Tax in Grama Panchayats & Municipalities
Profession tax constitutes the second largest source of own income for the Grama Panchayats and has the fifth position for the urban local bodies.
Entertainment tax.
Entertainment tax is the third largest source of income for Grama Panchayats and the second largest source of income for Municipalities and Corporations. In many Municipalities, entertainment tax constitutes the single largest source of own revenue. Entertainment tax is an own tax of local governments in Kerala. But in many Grama Panchayats there are no theatres. Entertainment tax is fixed between 24 and 48 percent of the price of admission as per the amendment of Entertainment Act made in 1999. But the rate has been reduced to 25 per cent for Other language films and 15 per cent for Malayalam films Gross collection of entertainment tax is on the decline both in Grama Panchayats and Municipalities due to emergence of cable television network everywhere in the State whereas cable television has not been brought under the tax net in spite of many government decisions.
Advertisement tax.
Advertisement tax has relatively good potential in a consumerist state like Kerala where marketing of consumer goods is quite widespread even in rural areas. But less than 15 percent of the Grama Panchayats are collecting advertisement tax. The tax can be collected based on bye-laws framed by the Grama Panchayat and Urban Local Governments and the minimum rates for different types are prescribed by the State Government. The local governments can fix any upper limit for advertisement tax. There should also be penal provision for 'escaped tax' to enforce the tax strictly.
Service tax.
Service tax, existing only in Grama Panchayats as an additional tax, is collected based on the minimum rate fixed by the Government. The State Finance Commission's recommendations, to have an independent service tax, has been accepted but not put to practice. In Urban Local Governments service tax is an inbuilt component of property tax.
Show tax.
Local governments in the lowest tier can levy and collect show tax on every show which includes any entertainment, exhibition, performance, amusement, game, sport or race that is performed in their territory. Since the tax so negligible many local governments are ignoring to collect them and State Government is thinking of ignoring it.
Table : Rates of Show tax
Cess on conversion of land use.
This is a Cess levied by local governments for conversion of land from paddy field, marshy land, pond or water body into garden or building site. This one-time cess is collected at the rate of 5 percent of the capital value of the land for conversion of paddy fields and 2.5 percent for other kinds of conversion.
Other Municipal Taxes.
Municipalities in Kerala can levy, based on its resolution, tax on domestic animals, vessels and vehicles. This is a very insignificant item of tax.
Municipalities as well can allow the council to collect, in the manner decided by it, a tax on timber brought into the municipality at the rate of Rs.24/- per tonne. This also has fallen into disuse and is declining year after year.
Surcharge.
Grama Panchayats are allowed to levy surcharges up to 5 percent of the property tax for meeting any extraordinary expenditure by way of implementation of a scheme, plan or projects. In Municipalities, a surcharge not exceeding 10 percent of any tax other than profession tax can be collected for providing any specific service or amenity. There can be only two surcharges at a time.
Urban Local Governments have never tapped this source and Grama Panchayats are reluctant to impose surcharges.
Non-tax Revenue.
Non-tax revenue constitutes 51 percent of the total own collected revenue (Own collected revenue does not contain assigned and shared taxes and grant in-aid) of Grama Panchayats, 42.62 percent in the case of Municipalities and 24.39 percent in the case of Corporations in the past. This is an important source that can be enhanced considerably.
Licence fee.
This constitutes the most important source of non-tax revenue. The following are the important items for which license fees or maintenance fees are collected by local governments.
Trade Licences
In Grama Panchayats, licencing of trades is done under Kerala Panchayat Raj (Dangerous and Offensive Trade) rules. The rule fixes the maximum fee based on turn over. Urban local governments can set the rates as per section 492(5) of the Kerala Municipality Act 1994 and a look at the fees being collected shows that the local governments set very low rates.
In Urban Local Governments, the rates for construction or establishment of factories and installation of plants or machinery were fixed as per the rules issued in 1966. The rates were never revised for nearly four decades. But in rural local governments, the rates fixed a decade ago are in force.
1. Licences under Prevention of Food Adulteration Act.
Central Act on prevention of food adulteration and the rules issued under it empowers the local governments at the lower tier to issue licences under it and collect fees for issuing licences. The rates of fees were recently revised as per the revised PFA Rules, but the order was frozen by Kerala Government since 7 June 2007.
2. Licences under Kerala Cinema Regulation Act.
Kerala Cinema Regulation Rules in accordance with the Kerala Cinema Regulation Act govern the Theatre construction and installation of machinery. The existing rates cannot be revised as film is a declining industry.
3. Licensing of Private Slaughter House.
Rate of rent and fee for slaughtering animals in public and private slaughter house is fixed in Grama Panchayats as per rules framed under the section 229 & 230 of Kerala Panchayat Raj Act 1994 and in Municipalities as decided by the Municipal Council under section 452 of the Kerala Municipality Act 1994.
4. Licensing of Private Markets.
Licence fee for opening private markets are fixed based on the floor area of the market and the renewal fee does not exceed one-third of the income the licence has earned from the market in the previous year.
5. Licences under the Kerala Places of Public Resort Act.
Rule 28 of the Kerala Places of Public Resort Rules 1965 in accordance with Kerala Places of Public Resort Act 1963 fixes the rate for licence based on area, type of building etc. of the public resort. Differential rates are provided for resorts housed in permanent buildings, temporary buildings, enclosures without a roof etc.
6. Licensing of Private Parking and Halting Places.
The licence fee is fixed as per section 227 & 228 of Kerala Panchayat Raj Act 1994 and section 472 of Kerala Municipality Act 1994 for public halting of carts, auto rickshaws, motor vehicles, motor boats etc. and for storing goods in open space.
7. Licensing of Burial and Burning Grounds .
Lower tier local governments can maintain burial and burning grounds and collect fees for burning of carcasses.
8. Licensing of Brokers, Commission Agents, Weigh men, Measures etc..
The licence fee is fixed as per the section 13 of the Kerala Panchayat Raj (Public and Private Market) rules and section 458 (2) (e) of the Kerala Municipality Act.
9. Licensing of Animal Stalls kept for Commercial Purposes.
This licence is issued as per section 444 of the Kerala Municipality Act. Now council fixes the rate and there is need to fix minimum rate by government. The provision needs to be extended to rural areas too.
10. Licensing of Special Trades like Butchers, Fishmongers, Poultries, Commission Agents and Brokers.
The licence is issued as per section 469 of the Kerala Municipality Act and that need to be included in the list of trade licences in Panchayats.
Gate fes.
There are entry fees obtained from the highest bidder who in turn regulate entry based on certain fees. Major sources are: -
1. Public Market.
2. Public Parking and Halting Places.
3. Public Slaughter Houses
Income from Property - Rent.
Rent is an important item of non-tax revenue for Urban Local Governments and urbanized Grama Panchayats. Rents could be classified based on the type of property.
1. Rent from buildings
2. Rent from lands
3. Rent from cloak rooms and comfort stations
Income from property other than rent.
This can be classified into three.
1. Proceeds from sale of right to collect river sand.
2. Proceeds from sale of right to fish.
3. Proceeds from sale of usufructs.
Permit fees.
Permit fees are of two kinds.
1. Fee for building permits
2. Fee for permits for the construction, establishment or installation of factories, workshops or work places where electricity is used.
Registration fees.
This can be grouped as follows: -
1. Registration of Hospital and Para Medical Institutions.
2. Registration of Tutorials.
3. Registration of Births and Deaths.
4. Registration of Contractors (only in Urban Local Governments)
5. Registration of lodgings (only in Malabar area under the Madras Public Health Act. Southern part of Kerala cannot register as no rule has been formulated so far based on the Travancore Public Health Act).
Service/user charges.
This relate to charges collected for use of utilities and amenities provided by the local governments. User charge remains to be more potential area of finance than a reality now. Charges are levied on the direct recipient of service with correct price.
Income from Ferries.
As per the Kerala Panchayat Raj Act / the Kerala Municipality Act and the various Ferries Acts, function of providing ferries has been transferred to the Grama Panchayats and Urban Local Governments. This income could be either by auctioning of the right to ply ferries or by charging from users.
Fines and penalties.
The local governments realize fines and penalties when there is a contravention of regulations or payment is belated. A study done in Municipalities shows that there is serious laxity in the enforcement of penal provisions.
Sundry items.
These miscellaneous sources of revenue could be listed as follows:
• Proceeds from auctioning of meat stalls (done in a few Grama Panchayats only).
• Interest on deposits.
• Endowments.
• Return on investments like shares.
• Contributions/donations.
• Hire charges of vehicles/machinery.
• Income from cattle pounds.
• Sale of Forms.
• Sale of unserviceable articles and fallen trees.
• Other items which cannot be classified.
Shared tax.
Local governments are usually dependent on transfer of resources, since own resources are almost insufficient. Despite the transfers, the resources are inadequate to provide even the most minimal level of services. Government of Kerala has decided to make a radical departure from the system of assigning and sharing specific taxes and stipulated that a fixed proportion of the tax revenue of the State Government has to be handed over to local governments as Maintenance Fund and General Purpose Fund.
A well-designed system of intergovernmental transfer is essential to any decentralisation strategy and the transfer should be transparent, predictable and not subject to negotiation. Kerala shows the right way in this regard also. This system of vertical sharing will ensure guaranteed and predictable revenue to local governments thereby insulating them from political impacts in the higher-level governments.
Maintenance Grant..
Five and half percentage of the annual own tax revenue of the State Government has been earmarked to the local governments as non-plan grant in aid for maintenance of assets including transferred assets under the control of the local governments. In order to avoid dis-proportionality between asset creation, maintenance and operation of it, appropriate amount of non-plan funds need to be made available for meeting the operational cost and maintenance requirements of the plan-assets. Unless adequate provision for maintenance is made, the devolved plan funds would be frittered away on maintenance.
Maintenance Fund is meant for managing all maintenance expenses for running the transferred institutions except wages, educational concessions/ scholarships to students, supply of books and equipments and conducting noon feeding in schools. The expenses include payment of rent, repair of equipment including vehicles, purchase of school/hospital equipments, meeting telephone charges and vehicle repairing costs.
In 2004–2005 Rs.325.75 crores have been earmarked as maintenance fund for all local governments in the State.
Distribution of maintenance fund.
District and Block Panchayats
As per recommendations of the Second Finance Commission, one-seventh of the maintenance fund be earmarked for District and Block Panchayats and divided between them in 19:1 ratio. The share of Block Panchayats will be done equally among them. The share of District Panchayas would be made two equal halfs and half of the share would be shared among district panchayats in the ratio of transferred village roads and other district roads. Other half of the share would be distributed among district panchayats based on norms for repair of non-road assets under transferred to them earlier from the State Government and under them now.
Grama Panchayats, Municipalities and Corporations.
Six-sevenths of the maintenance grant will go to grama panchayat, municipalities and corporations. Seven-eighths of this share will be distributed between grama panchayats, municipalities and corporations in the ratio of current distribution of Vehicle Tax Compensation (VTC). One-eighth of this share will be distributed according to the maintenance needs of non-road assets, own and transferred assets other than those created after 1995, as determined by norms. The remaining portion of the maintenance grant in excess over Rs. 140 crores at 2000/01 prices may be distributed as per the norms of plan grant in aid.
The norms have been altered by the Third State Finance Commission and there is no much substantial difference, even though the amount fixed has been reduced slightly.
General Purpose Fund.
In lieu of erstwhile assigned taxes, shared taxes and statutory / non statutory grant in aids, three and half percent of the own tax revenue of the State Government would be devolved to local government institutions as General Purpose fund as per the recommendations of the Second State Finance Commission Report. The grant in aid can be used for meeting operating cost of local governments such as rent on building, electricity, vehicle running charges, telephone charges etc. of the transferred sectoral institutions. The amount earmarked for this purpose in 2004–05 in the budget was Rs.205.32 crores.
This grant in aid would subsume basic tax grant, surcharge on stamp duty, VTC, rural pool grant, the specific purpose and general-purpose grant and all non-plan grant in aids. The General Purpose Fund continues without much substantial change.
Distribution.
As one time exercise, the state Government made a normative assessment of the establishment cost and office expense requirements of Block and District Panchayats and determined the share of them.
The remaining amount were distributed as follows: -
Inter-se Distribution of General Purpose Grant.
Municipalities and Corporations.
The inter-se distribution among the Municipalities and Corporations would be entirely on the basis of population.
Grama Panchayats.
A corpus of Rs.10 crore was set apart for filling the gap between obligatory expenditure (such as establishment expenses, street-light and water supply) and the revenue usable for this purpose as detailed further (such as sum of own revenue and share of general purpose grant for the panchayat).
The second and third grade grama panchayats would get entire amount to fill the gap. First grade grama panchayats will get 50 percent of the gap and the special grade panchayat will get 25 percent of the gap.
The remaining portions of the general purpose grant will be distributed among grama panchayats based on population in them.
Plan assistance to local governments.
Plan grants play a vital role in the development initiatives of local governments for execution of the sectoral projects. Plan assistance to local governments is in two streams. The first stream consists of Centrally sponsored or State sponsored schemes. The second stream is the plan grant provided by the State Government in an untied manner.
Centrally sponsored/State-sponsored schemes.
Under this stream, the scheme guidelines are formulated by Central or the State Government as the case may be and the local government has a limited role in functioning as an 'agency' by way of deciding the location or beneficiary of the project and executing the scheme.
Under this sponsored scheme, the departments handling the funds would decide the formula for devolution of funds between the urban and rural areas, among the three tiers of panchayats in rural areas and inter-se distribution within the particular tier. Based on this formula, funds would be allocated to local governments. The formula and distribution of funds among local governments would be communicated to all local governments by head of department of each sector in the State by the first month of each financial year. The release of funds will be made immediately.
Plan Grant in Aid to Local Governments.
Under the stream, the local governments have full autonomy in deciding their priorities, formulating the schemes and implementing them within a general overall framework. One third of the State's plan outlay excluding State sponsored schemes is made available to the local governments for formulating plan projects of their choice.
Plan grant-in-aid includes: -
• General sector grant
• Special component plan (SCP) and
• Tribal sub plan (TSP)
The general sector grant includes the normal share of plan funds from the State, the Eleventh Finance Commission (EFC) Grant and the share under Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF).
Central Finance Commission Grant.
The funds to local governments under Central Finance Commission grant would be passed down as such to the local government institutions as bundled along with Development Funds devolved to local governments.
Inter se Distribution of the Grant.
EFC grant is devolved to the local governments on the basis of population. The amount earmarked to each local government under this item will be enlisted in the budget document.
EFC grant is distributed only to Grama Panchayats, Municipalities and Corporations. RIDF is given only to District Panchayats and Block Panchayats having general sector of at least Rs.50 lakhs.
Special Component Plan (SCP).
Plan grant under special component plan is distributed between rural and urban local governments as per the ratio of scheduled caste population in rural and urban areas (87.95: 12.05).
The share for the three tier Panchayats has again been divided in the ratio of 60:20:20 among Grama, Block and District Panchayats. Inter-se distribution of SCP funds is purely based on the scheduled caste population in the respective local governments.
Tribal Sub Plan (TSP)
The plan grant under TSP is distributed between rural and urban local governments as per the ratio of scheduled tribe population in rural and urban areas (97.67:2.33). The distribution of TSP funds under urban local governments is limited to four municipalities i.e. Punlaur, North Paravur, Kalpetta and Kanhangad based on tribal population.
The share of three tier panchayats is apportioned in the ratio of 50:20:30 among grama block and district panchayat.
The inter-se distribution of TSP funds is purely based on the scheduled tribe population in the respective local governments.

</doc>
<doc id="20741690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741690" title="C International Photo Magazine">
C International Photo Magazine

C International Photo Magazine covers contemporary photography in a range of cultural, geographic and themes. It was created by Elena Ochoa Foster, founder of Ivorypress and is published twice yearly. It comes in two different editions, English/Chinese and Spanish/Japanese and is designed by Oscar Mariné creator of Pedro Almodóvar's movie posters.
Description.
With a hardback cover and 300 pages, C International resembles a book more than a magazine. The magazine emphasizes design and aims to replicate the white walls and neutral background of an art gallery, with no interfering text in its central pages. Its creator said 'It would be extremely provincial to do it just in English,' and noted 'First I thought we would make it half in English and half in Spanish. Then I began to go to China a lot, and after discovering many photographers there, I knew a magazine like C Photo would have a following. I am convinced that Asia is the future'.
Magazine sections.
Within the core photographic pages, each issue has sub-sections: Collector, Archive, Scope, Portfolio, C Action, Vintage and Guest.
In every issue the magazine publishes a private or public photographic collection alongside an interview with the owner or responsible curator of the collection in order to better understand the criteria behind the collection.
The archive section sheds light on previously unpublished or unknown works, such as those of Isamu Noguchi, and Francis Bacon, and archives the charting history of cities such as London and Shanghai.
This section provides an eclectic view of the world of international image making. Scope shows a selection of contemporary artists. It aims to illustrate the creative pulse of contemporary photography.
Portfolio presents works created by contemporary photographers. Some of them comprise recent and unpublished works, while others live alongside previous series that help to bring each artist's work into context and to outline their evolution over the last few years.
C Photo Magazine has established an initiative to promote the creation of contemporary photography. In each issue two artists are commissioned for a series that is published exclusively in this section of the magazine. The authors are awarded a cash grant as a contribution to the production of a portfolio that is made up of a minimum of six photographs. An edition of up to four copies is made from these works.
The series created in this way for the C Action initiative has become part of C International Photo Magazine's Collection of Contemporary Photography, and will be gradually circulated both within its pages and through other media. The selection of participating artists is made by the editorial team of the magazine, in collaboration with various curators, gallery owners and photography specialists of both private and public institutions. The selected artists' profiles are not subject to any prior conditions including geographical origin or subject matter of the work presented.
The legacy of the masters of photography is represented in the Vintage section.
Guest.
In each issue, C Photo Magazine invites a ‘guest’, generally from a creative field outside of photography, to reveal their most recent ventures into photography or how they use it in their creative processes. This section approaches photography from a different angle, and as a result, reveals the multi-faceted nature of this medium. Wim Wenders, Brian Eno, Bill Viola and Marina Abramović are amongst guest collaborators.
The publication is predominantly devoted to photography. Included within its opening pages, however, are a number of essays by renowned writers, philosophers and artists who explore a wide range of viewpoints about the role and significance of photography.
C International Photo Magazine ultimately intends to create an encyclopaedia of photography, one that can be used as a source of reference for years to come.

</doc>
<doc id="20741709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741709" title="Johann Veith">
Johann Veith

Johann Veith was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for recognition of his extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. The Knight's Cross award was given out by Nazi Germany posthumously for Veith's actions at the start of the Battle of the Bulge while in command of the 3rd Company, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment Das Reich.

</doc>
<doc id="20741711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741711" title="ICRANet">
ICRANet

ICRANet, the International Center for Relativistic Astrophysics, is an international organization promoting research activities. Its members are four countries and three Universities and Research Centres. The members are the Republic of Armenia, the Federal Republic of Brazil, the Republic of Italy, the Vatican State, the University of Tucson (USA), the University of Stanford (USA) and ICRA. The coordinating Centre is located in Pescara, Italy.
The Establishment and the Statute were signed in 2003 and recognised in the same year by Armenia and the Vatican, in 2005 by Italy and in 2011 by Brazil.
Organization.
The Organism consists of: the Director Remo Ruffini, The Steering Committee, The Scientific Committee. Their activities are supported by Administrative Staff and Secretariat personnel.
Mission and Activities.
ICRANet aims are training/education and research in the field of Relativistic Astrophysics. ICRANet financing is based by Statute on the funds provided by the governments and by voluntary contributions, donations.
The main activities of ICRANet are addressed to promote the international scientific co-operation; for this purpose many projects of scientific research in the domain of cosmology, theoretical physics and mathematical physics have been planned. A series of seats for the activities are being developed in order to achieve these goals. The first one has been completed and it’s fully operative in Pescara. The second is in Rome University "Sapienza" and the third and fourth ones are being established in Nice and Rio de Janeiro. Projects for additional Centres in Stanford (USA), Yerevan (Armenia) and New Zealand are being considered.
Training international projects by ICRANet have been established, both at a doctoral and post-doc level, for young researchers and teaching fellows. ICRANet also organizes seminars and international meetings, promotes exchange projects for teaching staff, students and associated training personnel coming from the major scientific institutes, research centers and universities worldwide. ICRANet, has signed several agreements of scientific co-operation with universities, national and international research institutes, in order to fulfil the scientific goals mentioned in its Statute.
Particularly noteworthy is the International Doctorate Program, IRAP PhD, promoted and sponsored by ICRANet. The following universities and institutes co-operate into this program: the Free University of Berlin, the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis, the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, the University of Savoy, the Sapienza University of Rome and the University of Ferrara. The IRAP PhD is also sponsored by: ICRA, the Côte d'Azur Observatory and by the IHES of Paris.
Vast publications on scientific Journals, books both of advanced research and of teaching activities are pursued by ICRANet Members. The activities in the Pescara Centre are promoted by the ICRANet Faculty Staff, Adjunct Professors of the Faculty, Lecturers, Research Scientists, Short-Term Visiting Scientists, Long-Term Visiting Scientists, International Relativistic Astrophysics Ph. D. Students, Administrative Staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20741726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741726" title="Torovo">
Torovo

Torovo is small settlement in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The main motorway from Ljubljana to Jesenice passes east of the settlement and towards the north a dense forest extends to Voglje.

</doc>
<doc id="20741801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741801" title="Utik, Vodice">
Utik, Vodice

Utik is village in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Stephen and was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526.

</doc>
<doc id="20741828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741828" title="Dhoom (film series)">
Dhoom (film series)

Dhoom (, "Blast") is an Indian buddy-cop action thriller film series. The films revolve around Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), an Assistant Commissioner of Police and his sidekick Ali Akbar (Uday Chopra) who attempt to capture wanted, professional thieves. In an ode to common practice, the plot is often heavily influenced by the antagonist. It is the largest Bollywood film franchise in terms of box-office revenue.
The latest installment in the series "Dhoom 3" has earned over worldwide, making it the highest grossing film in the history of Indian cinema. 
Overview.
Dhoom (2004).
ACP Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), is called on a case. He seeks the help of a scatterbrained, clownish downtown racer named Ali (Uday Chopra) and devises a trap to catch the thieves, but fails. Kabir, (John Abraham) the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit by saying that he won't be able to catch Kabir even if he were right in front of him. He is proved correct and the failure of Dixit seemingly leads to the end of his partnership with Ali.
Kabir then lures Ali into his gang to replace Rohit who was killed by Jai. Jai is married to Sweety (Rimi Sen). Ali also falls in love with Sheena (Esha Deol), one of the gang members. The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before disbanding forever. Kabir now sets his eyes on the biggest casino in India. Kabir and his gang swiftly rob the casino on New Year's Eve, but soon, they realise that Jai has lured them right into a trap. Ali was working for Jai the whole time and a fight stages.
Kabir manages to escape from Jai, and goes back to the gang's truck where Ali tied up Sheena. Kabir then viciously beats up Ali for his betrayal. Kabir holds Ali at gunpoint, and is about to shoot him when Kabir is shot in the hand. The gang minus Sheena then boards the truck, while Jai and Ali follow. A fight ensues between Kabir and Jai on top of the truck, while Ali fights the other gang members Rahul and Tony inside. Ali fights his way into the driver's seat. Kabir tries to escape on his bike. He is then cornered by Jai and Ali. Kabir decides to commit suicide instead of going to jail and rides his bike over the edge and into the water. The movie ends with Jai and Ali bickering.
Dhoom 2 (2006).
The police are astonished by a master thief known only as Mr. A (Hritihk Roshan) 
because he leaves an 'A' symbol after each robbery. Mr. A steals a priceless English crown by sky diving onto a train across the Namibian desert, disguising himself as queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, stealing the crown, and escaping on a sand-board.
He is pursued by ACP Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), his former classmate ACP Shonali Bose (Bipasha Basu), and Sub Inspector Ali Akbar (Uday Chopra), the comic relief. They try to catch him in the act as he robs a Mumbai museum, but fail after a long chase with Mr. A on rollerblades.
Mr. Aryan, in the meantime, is caught by the wiles of Sunehri (Aishwarya Rai Bachchan), who claims to be A's number-one fan. Attempting to catch Sunehri in the act, Shonali breaks her leg. Mr. A agrees to take Sunehri into partnership, not knowing that she is actually working for Jai.
Mr. A and Sunehri fly to Copacabana, where Mr. A plans another big heist. Jai and Ali follow. While in Brazil, they stay with Shonali's twin sister Monali and uncover that Mr. A's real name is Aryan. Aryan, who has trusted Sunehri with his life, finds out that she is working against him and accuses her of treachery. She then realises that she loves him and joins him in earnest. Their heist is a success; their escape, not so much. In the end Sunehri shoots Aryan who falls off a cliff, though Sunehri claims she did it out of love. However, it is implied that even this was a last-resort faked death, planned out by Aryan and Sunehri, as in the end they are seen working at a restaurant in Fiji. Jai drops in unexpectedly but leaves them alone once Aryan hands over the details of where he has stashed the loot from all his robberies. Jai then talks to Ali over the phone and tells him to return to India, since they have a new case.
Dhoom 3 (2013).
The film starts in the year 1990 in Chicago when Iqbal Haroon Khan (Jackie Shroff) runs a circus – The Great Indian Circus – in Chicago, which has fallen on bad times. Anderson’s (Andrew Bicknell) bank - Western Bank of Chicago - which has lent money to Iqbal Khan, decides to close down the circus when he is unable to repay the loan. Young Sahir (Siddharth Nigam), the little son of Iqbal Khan, pleads with Anderson not to shut down his father’s circus as he and his father would soon be able to turn the corner. But Iqbal Khan’s presentation before the bankers and Sahir’s pleas don’t help. Iqbal Khan commits suicide in front of the heartless Anderson, leaving Sahir devastated. Years later, Sahir (Aamir Khan) has still not forgotten the high-handedness of the bank and swears revenge. He robs various branches of Western Bank of Chicago, leaving behind a message in Hindi and a clown mask. He uses his acrobatic circus skills to escape. As Chicago Police Officer Victoria (Tabrett Bethell) failed to catch him, she calls ACP Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan) and his partner, Ali (Uday Chopra), for help in solving the case.
Jai baits Sahir into robbing again by making it known he's on the case and he believes the thief is an amateur. Gathering information from a news channel regarding the plan, Sahir poses as an informant for Jai, and manages to gather information on the bank while giving Jai a lead to follow. Eventually, Sahir robs the bank and escapes, but Jai & Ali follow him. During the pursuit, Jai manages to shoot Sahir in the shoulder before he disappears again. Sahir has the big premiere of The Great Indian Circus with his female lead acrobat, Aaliya (Katrina Kaif), involving a trick with him disappearing in one place and showing up in another. The show is a success, but afterwards, Jai, Ali, and the police surround him, knowing he's the thief. Jai says the proof is the gunshot wound Jai inflicted in Sahir, but when Sahir is examined, there is no evidence of a gunshot wound anywhere in his body. Jai & Ali leave while Sahir retires to his dressing room. It's then revealed that Sahir has a twin brother, Samar, who helps him pull off his trick and rob the banks, and it was Samar who sustained the gunshot wound.
Jai is fired from the case, but is encouraged by Ali to prove Sahir's guilt by going rogue. Jai eventually finds out about Samar, and sets about finding a way to corner Sahir. Samar, kept in hiding and mentally handicapped someway, is kept in seclusion by Sahir. However, Samar sneaks outdoor once a week, and Jai manages to befriend him during this time also manages to perform his plan. Samar has fallen in love with Aaliya after performing with her in the circus, but cannot express it. This leads to a rift between the brothers. Jai tries to take advantage of this, but Sahir finds out and thwarts Jai's plan to stop them. He decides the only way to catch the brothers is in the act. Sahir & Samar pull off their final bank heist, and escaped. However, the following day, Jai manages to corner them as they're making their way out of town. Samar is hesitant to run when Aaliya shows up, begging him to stop. Sahir surrenders to Jai, asking him to spare Samar and let him take the blame. Jai agrees, but right after, Sahir jumps off the bridge. Samar jumps too, holding Sahir's hand refusing to let him go. Eventually, the two of them jump off the bridge together, falling to their death. Finally Western Bank of Chicago is shut down as a result of the heists, while Aaliya takes over the Great Indian Circus. The film ends with the title song.
Influence.
The movie had a significant cultural impact among urban Indian youth. It was blamed for an increase in incidents of street racing, bike-borne theft and stunting on public roads. Besides, there was a new impetus to the bike-modifying scene with youth going in for modifications to their bikes ranging from free flow exhaust systems to addition of NOS kits.
In Malappuram district of Kerala, four members of a group of criminals had cracked the floor of South Malabar Gramin Bank in the early hours on 30 December 2007 and looted 2.5 million and 80 kilogrammes of gold, a total worth of Rs. 80 million, considered to be one of the biggest thefts in Kerala’s crime records. The Kerala Police have arrested four people in connection with this and the leader admitted that he was inspired by "Dhoom". The media in India drew parallels to Dhoom 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20741844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741844" title="Wadi Maghareh">
Wadi Maghareh

Wadi Maghareh (also spelled Maghara or Magharah), meaning "The Valley of Caves" in Arabic, is an Egyptian archaeological site in the southwestern Sinai Peninsula containing pharonic monuments and ancient turquoise mines from the Old, Middle, and New Kingdoms. The Ancient Egyptians knew the site as "the Terraces of Turquoise."
History.
The site was rediscovered in 1809 by Ulrich Jasper Seetzen, and since then has seen several excavation teams, Richard Lepsius's excavation in 1845 being the first. Major C. K. McDonald's visits to the site, including residence at the site from 1854-1866 (and an effort to mine turquoise there) resulted in only surface finds (arrowheads and such) with no further excavation; a British Ordnance Survey of the site was made in 1868-1869, a Harvard University expedition in 1932, and several Israeli excavations between 1967 and 1982, among others.
Monuments, buildings and inscriptions.
Ancient Egyptian monuments, buildings and inscriptions span the period from the Third to Twenty-Ninth Dynasties (ca. 2700 BC-1100 BC), although most monuments date only to the Twelfth Dynasty. Two Third Dynasty rock tables of king Sanakht are found in the valley, as is one of Djoser and two virtually identical tablest of king Sekhemkhet. Tables of Snefru and Khufu from the Fourth Dynasty are also found there. The Fifth Dynasty king Sahure's funerary temble at Abusir has a relief representing him dispatching a fleet to the Red Sea, probably to collect turquoise at Maghareh. Sahure raised a monument depicting himself "smiting the Mentju of all foreign lands" which was found at Maghareh. Fifth Dynasty rock tablets include those of King Nyuserre Ini accompanied by a libation vase and images of the gods Horus and Thoth, one of king Menkauhor Kaiu, and three of king Djedkare Isesi.
In addition to pharaonic monuments, an Old Kingdom settlement was founded on the summit of a hill in Wadi Igneh containing 125 rough stone structures containing wood ash and potsherds, some of which are of Nile Valley clay.

</doc>
<doc id="20741849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741849" title="Sleep architecture">
Sleep architecture

Sleep architecture describes the structure and pattern of sleep and encompasses several variables. Sleep quotas refer to the amount of time spent in REM and NREM sleep. Sleep duration is the total time spent asleep in a 24 hour period. The duration of a NREM-REM cycle (from the beginning of NREM to the end of REM) is also an important aspect of sleep architecture. Phasing of sleep describes how sleep is distributed across a daily cycle: polyphasic sleep consists of multiple bouts of sleep in a 24 hour period, while monophasic sleep consists of a single bout of sleep in a 24 hour period. Sleep architecture varies widely across species, and is thought to be significantly influenced by genetics. The evolution of different types of sleep architecture is influenced by a number of selective pressures, including body size, relative metabolic rate, predation, type and location of food sources, and immune function.

</doc>
<doc id="20741869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741869" title="Vesca">
Vesca

Vesca (in older sources also "Vesce", ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20741905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741905" title="Weteye bomb">
Weteye bomb

The Weteye bomb was a U.S. chemical weapon designed for the U.S. Navy and meant to deliver the nerve agent sarin. The Weteye held of liquid sarin and was officially known as the Mk 116 (Mark 116). Stockpiles of Weteyes were transferred to Utah in the 1980s amidst controversy and protest.
History.
The Weteye bomb was developed for the United States Navy during the early 1960s. The US Navy at China Lake, California attempted to develop a massive chemical bomb with a high fill efficiency (~70%). At the same time the US Army Chemical Center worked with the EDO corporation to develop the EX 38, a chemical bomb with unique design features: 1) thin seamless hydrospun aluminum body, 2) weighted nose, 3) large plastic fins, and 4) a system of internal baffles to keep the 10% minimum void captured in the tail section of the bomb. The prototype Weteye design, with its shaped internal burster and folding fins, was combined with the EX38 design features to create the production model of the Weteye.
The Weteye was originally developed for delivery of GB and VX nerve agents. Production was limited to filling with double-distilled GB. The VX variants were not produced. During the Gulf War (Operation Desert Storm) there was consideration of repurposing the Weteye design to deliver firefighting chemicals to extinguish oil well fires set by retreating Iraqi forces.
In 1963, the supercarrier USS "John F. Kennedy" (CV-67) (SBC-127C) was intended to contain 100 Weteyes as part of its magazine load.
In 1969 the entire arsenal of US Weteye bombs were stored at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal in Colorado. Most Weteye bombs stored at Rocky Mountain Arsenal were demilitarized and destroyed in 1977; however, approximately 900 Weteye bombs were not destroyed at this time.
Specifications.
The interior of the Weteye was divided into three sections. The Weteye body was composed of thin aluminum alloy. It had fins which deployed after the bomb was released. The 240 kilogram Weteye held about of liquid sarin nerve agent.
Nomenclature.
Officially, the Weteye was known as the Mark 116, or Mk-116 bomb. While this was the official military nomenclature for the weapon, early in its production it acquired the nickname "Weteye". Weteye was derived from the fact that the weapon was filled with a liquid nerve agent, sarin, thus the "wet" portion of the name. The "eye" portion of the name was associated with it being developed by the US Navy at China Lake as part of its eye-series weapon program (bombs guided by the "Mark 1 eyeball"), a program intended to improve air-delivered munitions.
Transfer to Utah.
Demilitarization operations at Rocky Mountain Arsenal left exactly 888 Weteye bombs intact and in storage in Colorado. In 1981 the U.S. Department of Defense sought to relocate the weapons to the Tooele Chemical Agent Disposal Facility at the Deseret Chemical Depot. This move was opposed by many residents of Utah and the state's governor at the time Scott M. Matheson. The transfer was controversial and Matheson continued to fight it until the U.S. Senate passed a bill which included an amendment sponsored by then-U.S. Senator Gary Hart (D-CO) requiring the weapons be moved out of Colorado. Matheson's concern stemmed from the fact that some of the thin-shelled Weteyes stored in Colorado were leaking nerve agent.
After rounds of protests and legal action that went to the U.S. District Court the transfer went ahead. An Air Force C-141 jet carried the initial transfer of 64 Weteye bombs on August 12, 1981 to an air field at Dugway Proving Ground. The event was heavily covered by the media. The moves continued for the next three weeks and Weteyes were moved to the south area of the Tooele Army Depot, which became known as the Deseret Chemical Depot.
In 1996, the Deseret Chemical Depot began destruction operations of general chemical weapons. In the spring of 2001 destruction and demilitarization of the Weteyes began and the operation ended in December 2001 with the destruction of the last of 888 Weteyes.
Disposal and transfer issues.
Public relations officials for the Deseret Chemical Depot asserted at the time that during the 2001 disposal operations there were "no problems". However, Eric Croddy reported in his 2005 book "Weapons of Mass Destruction: An Encyclopedia of Worldwide Policy, Technology, and History" that a number of issues came up during the destruction operations. One of those issues, that of leaking munitions, was an issue long before the weapons arrived at Deseret and the primary reason that Gov. Matheson and many Utah residents were opposed to the weapons transfer in the first place.
Other issues to surface during disposal operations were high levels of mercury contamination and the tendency of the aluminum casing to explode inside the decontamination furnace. Molten aluminum and water presents a potential explosion hazard and because the Weteye contained a liquid nerve agent the potential for an interaction of molten aluminum and the liquid agent existed. These issues combined to make the Weteye sufficiently difficult to dispose of that it required special handling.

</doc>
<doc id="20741943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741943" title="Vojsko, Vodice">
Vojsko, Vodice

Vojsko is a settlement next to Skaručna in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20741999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741999" title="Man of Ice Awards">
Man of Ice Awards

The Man of Ice Awards were founded at the end of the 2007-2008 Elite Ice Hockey League season to commend the best in British ice hockey. 
Categories.
Seven of the awards were voted for by coaches and captains of the ten Elite League teams. One Award, the Fan’s Favourite, is voted for by the fans of Elite League Ice Hockey in the United Kingdom. Team captains voted for Coach of the Year with Paul Thompson winning in the 2007/2008 season.
In its founding year, the awards included the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="20742065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742065" title="Zapoge">
Zapoge

Zapoge () is a settlement in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Zapoge was attested in written sources in 1330 as "Zapaum" (and as "Zapozech" in 1426, "Sapokch" in 1436, and "hof zu Sepach" and "Sapose" in 1458). The name is of uncertain origin. Based on medieval transcriptions, the current name originated as a plural accusative. In the local dialect, the settlement is known as "Zəpge". In the 19th century the German name was "Seebach".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and contains one of the oldest surviving pipe organs in Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20742093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742093" title="Pie (children's game)">
Pie (children's game)

Pie or, Pieman, Pieman is an outdoor game for more than three children. Its origin is unknown. A variant exists called Easter Eggs.
Description.
The game requires a seating area for the players (such as a flight of porch steps or a garden wall) which is designated the "Pie Shop" or "Bakery." Also required are a Goal distant from the seating area such as a tree, post or other object, and an expanse of lawn or field for a chase similar to the chase in the game of Tag. 
One player is chosen Pieman, another Buyer, and the other players are Pies. The Buyer is sometimes designated Simple Simon following the Mother Goose rhyme:
To begin the game, the Buyer is sent to the Goal where he cannot see or hear the other players. The Pieman then names each Pie with a common pie filling such as Apple, Blueberry, Pumpkin, etc. When all the Pies have been named, the Pieman calls the Buyer to the Pie Shop.
The Buyer demands, "Pieman, Pieman, I would like a pie." The Pieman asks, "And what might that Pie be?" The Buyer then names a pie flavor such as Apple. If one of the Pies has been designated Apple, then he rushes from the Pie Shop to the Goal while the Buyer runs after him and attempts to tag him. Both the Pie and the Buyer must touch the Goal before running back to the Pie Shop. If the Pie returns to the Pie Shop without being tagged, he resumes his seat, and is renamed for another round. The chase may be complicated with dodging about lawn furniture, flower beds, clotheslines of drying laundry, or other obstacles in the path to and from the Goal.
Before the Buyer leaves the Pie Shop in pursuit of the Pie, he is required to pay the Pieman the price he asks for the Pie (such as 10 dollars). Payment is accomplished by slapping the Pieman's outstretched, up-turned palm, and counting aloud the required number of "dollars." Paying the Pieman gives slower, or smaller Pies a "head-start" against the Buyer.
Should the Pie be "tagged" during his flight to the Goal, he becomes the Buyer, the Buyer becomes a Pie, and play resumes in a similar manner.
Variant.
A variation of the game for children who may have limited knowledge of pie flavors is Easter Eggs. Here, players are given colors (red, blue, green, purple，etc.) rather than pie fillings. The Pieman becomes The Easter Bunny and the seating area the Easter Basket. Another variant is called Red Devil, where one child is removed from the group, and the kids are assigned colors (pink,yellow,blue) the child then returns and says "Red Devil, Red Devil, may I borrow a crayon?" the group then asks "What color?" and like pie the color chosen must try to catch the asker before the asker takes that person's seat.
Variant.
The Buyer is known as the Witch. The Witch simply says to the Baker: "Do you have any pies today?" The Baker replies, "What kind do you want?" If the Witch names one of the Pies, he or she must chase the named Pie around a designated spot, such as a tree or a light post. If the Pie gets back to the Pie Shop safely, the game begins again. However, if the Pie is caught, he or she becomes the new Witch. The Witch now becomes a Pie and sits with the others on the Pie Shop shelf and the game continues.

</doc>
<doc id="20742132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742132" title="List of wineries in the Eden Valley">
List of wineries in the Eden Valley

This is a list of wineries in the Eden Valley, a significant wine-producing region of South Australia, located within the Barossa wine zone and adjacent to the Barossa Valley wine zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20742149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742149" title="Parlement de Normandie">
Parlement de Normandie

The Parliament of Normandy ("parlement de Normandie"), also known as the Parliament of Rouen ("parlement de Rouen") after the place where it sat (the provincial capital of Normandy), was a provincial parlement of the Kingdom of France. It replaced the ancient court of the exchequer of Normandy, set up by Rollo, first duke of Normandy.
The parlement was built in a mixing of French Gothic and Renaissance architecture by Roger Ango and Roulland le Roux, between 1499 and 1508, during the reign of the king Louis XII of France. Today, the building is the seat of the courthouse of the city of Rouen.
History.
Raised to a sovereign court and given a base in Rouen by Louis XII of France, this court's name was changed from "échiquier" to "parlement" by Francis I of France on his accession in 1515. The parlement de Rouen had responsibility for the seven great bailliages of Normandy – Rouen, Caudebec-en-Caux, Évreux, Les Andelys, Caen, Coutances and Alençon. It was thus made up of 4 presidents (of which the first and third were clergy and the other two laymen), 13 clergy councillors, 15 lay councillors, 2 "greffiers" (a secretary for civil law and one for criminal law), a "huissier audiencier" (the bailiff who officially assigns documents between lawyers and introduces the judges in the public court room), 6 other "huissiers de justice", 2 advocates general and 1 procurator general. Following letters patent of 1507 from Louis XII, the archbishop of Rouen and the abbot of Saint-Ouen were 'ex officio' honorary councillors to the parlement. 
When the court of the échiquier was made permanent, it was divided into two chambers, one to sit in the morning and the other in the afternoon. This second chamber later became known as the première des enquêtes. The chambre de la Tournelle, entrusted with criminal cases, was built in 1519 and the chambre des vacations was not set up until 1547. Until 1 October 1506, the parlement de Normandie sat in the château de Rouen then in the palais (which was begun in 1499 and only completed long afterwards).
Many kings of France held lits de justice at the parlement de Normandie. Charles VIII held one on 27 April 1485 and at it confirmed Normandy's privileges. Louis XII was accompanied there by the main officers of his court on 24 October 1508. On 2 August 1517, Francis I held one there, accompanied by chancellor Duprat and many officers of his court. Some days later, the dauphin came to the parliament, where he was granted the same honors as the king himself, as the king had ordered. In January 1518, he granted the parlement de Normandie the same privileges as that of the parlement de Paris and, by another edict the following February, temporarily exempted it from the arrière-ban.
On 8 October 1550, Henri II held a lit de justice at the parlement de Rouen, accompanied by the cardinals, king Henry II of Navarre, many dukes, constable Anne de Montmorency, the admiral, the duc de Longueville, chancellor Olivier, and many other lords. Charles IX was declared of age at the parlement, accompanied by chancellor Michel de L'Hospital.
In 1523, Francis I exempted the parlement from the gabelle and ordained that it would issue to each of his officers and his widow as much salt as it had for his household, without fixing the quantity, paying only the market price, on the condition it did not abuse this privilege. In 1540 chancellor Guillaume Poyet set the king against the parlement de Rouen, and the king banned it. Commissaires were named for the Tournelle, and a president and 12 councillors sent to Bayeux, to give justice to the subjects of basse-Normandie until the king raised his ban; and wishing to give to this court's officers a mark of his satisfaction with their conduct, in June 1542 he made the arrière-ban exemption general and perpetual via an edict.
In 1560, the parlement de Normandie and the other provincial parlements were suppressed before being reestablished in June 1568 by Charles IX. In February 1589, an edict of the month by Henry IV of France transferred the parlement to Caen after Rouen rose against the king, before it was reestablished in Rouen by another edict of 8 April 1594. Banned again in 1639, for not having opposed the revolt of the va-nu-pieds strongly enough, it as replaced by commissaires from the parlement de Paris until its reestablishment in January 1641.
In April 1545, Francis I had set up a criminal chamber here to judge cases relating to Protestants, which was replaced by a chambre de l’édit, as part of the execution of the edict of Nantes of April 1598, suppressed in its turn in January 1685 as part of the edict of Fontainebleau. Made up at this time of 57 councillors and 2 presidents, an edict of July 1680 created a second chambre des enquêtes, after which the parlement was made up of five chambers, the grand-chambre, the Tournelle, two chambres des enquêtes and the chambre des requêtes du palais right up until the French Revolution. It was at the parlement de Normandie that, from 1728, the general assemblies of députés of different courts and other notables met to discuss public affairs such as hospitals' needs and other necessities.

</doc>
<doc id="20742159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742159" title="John Siveright">
John Siveright

John Siveright was a fur trader and later became Chief Factor of the Hudson's Bay Company. Born December 2, 1779 in Drumdelgy, Cairnie, Scotland he was the son of John Siveright and Jannet Glass. 
Siveright began in the fur trade with the New North West Company (sometimes known as the XY Company) on a seven-year contract in 1799. The New North West Company merged into the North West Company in 1804 he continued his service. By 1815, when he was at Fort La Reine (Portage la Prairie, Man.), he was cited by the Hudson’s Bay Company as part of a conspiracy by the NWC to destroy the Red River Colony. He was at Fort Gibraltar when Duncan Cameron was arrested and was charged as an accessory in the murder of Governor Robert Semple a short time later. The charges against him were not pursued to conclusion because of other acquittals.
John married a Metis woman named Louise Roussin. They had a daughter named Josephte who married Alexis Goulet and had numerous children including Maxime, Elzear and Leonide Goulet who was the grandfather of George R. D. Goulet.
He died September 4, 1856 in Edinburgh, Scotland and is buried in Warriston Cemetery in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20742165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742165" title="Metal Gear Solid Touch">
Metal Gear Solid Touch

Version 2.0.0, featuring an additional 8 stages and being self declared as the Complete Version, was released on April 22, 2009. It was updated again to version 2.1.0, which added 15 new wallpapers to Drebin's Shop.
Gameplay.
During gameplay, the player navigates through several missions based on stages from "Metal Gear Solid 4", each introduced by brief text summarizing the story so far. The player moves their finger across the screen to aim, tapping to fire, and moving their fingers together or apart to zoom in or out with a sniper rifle, removing their fingers from the screen to get behind cover and avoid enemy fire. The main character's primary weapons, an assault rifle and a sniper rifle, can be rotated with one another by pinching the device's screen. Gako and Kerotan statues can be shot to gain health and weaponry such as rocket launchers.
The main objective of most missions is to kill a set number of enemies. Enemies include hostile PMC soldiers, Haven Troopers and Gekkos. There are also friendly targets which the player is penalised for shooting at. Some sections contain 'Boss fights', where the player fights a boss from the Metal Gear Solid 4 storyline; e.g. Laughing Octopus.
At the end of each mission, the player is awarded a rank based on their performance, similar to other Metal Gear Solid games. Higher ranks award more Drebin Points, which can be used to buy rewards such as iPhone character wallpapers.
The updated "complete" version (2.0.0) of MGST was released on April 22, 2009. This update adds eight more levels and covers the story from the arrival to Shadow Moses Island to the final showdown with Liquid Ocelot. Among the eight levels, four are boss battles (e.g. Metal Gear RAY, Screaming Mantis).
Version 2.1.0, released on May 3, 2009, added 15 new wallpapers, many of which cannot be previewed until certain objectives are met.

</doc>
<doc id="20742168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742168" title="Makoto Oishi">
Makoto Oishi


</doc>
<doc id="20742177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742177" title="Qantara.de">
Qantara.de

Qantara.de (Arabic: "qantara" = bridge) is an Internet portal in German, English and Arabic, designed to promote intercultural dialogue between the Western and the Islamic world.
The portal was founded on the initiative of the German Foreign Office, in reaction to the crisis ridden developments in relations to Islamic cultures in the wake of the shock of the September 11 attacks in the USA. Online since March 2003, the platform is jointly run by the German Federal Agency for Civic Education (bpb), Germany’s international broadcaster Deutsche Welle (DW), the Goethe-Institut (GI) and the German Institute for Foreign Cultural Relations (ifa), and is funded by the foreign office. The task of the joint dialogue project is to promote understanding between the various cultures, with the aim of combating ignorance and prejudice through knowledge.
The editorial team works to publish writing by Western and Islamic authors who seek open and respectful discussion of both commonalities and controversial subjects.
These have included such diverse contributors as the Egyptian literary scholar Nasr Hamid Abu Zaid, the German former diplomat and Muslim Murad Hofmann, the Islam theologian Halima Krausen, the conflict researcher Heiner Bielefeldt and the physicist Ernst Ulrich von Weizsäcker.
Qantara.de has been selected by Britannica's editors as a Web's BestSite.

</doc>
<doc id="20742178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742178" title="Manding Mountains">
Manding Mountains

The Manding Mountains are a highland area in Mali, stretching between its western border with Guinea to an area 50km west of Bamako, Mali's capital. They reach above sea level. Kangaba, the spiritual home of the Mandinka people, is located at the foot of the mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20742209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742209" title="Galway Hurdle">
Galway Hurdle

The Galway Hurdle is a National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Galway over a distance of 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are nine hurdles to be jumped. It is a handicap race, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late July or early August. 
The event is held during the seven-day Galway Festival meeting. It was established in 1913, and the inaugural running was won by "Red Damsel". For the first six years it was contested over 1½ miles. The race is now sponsored by Guinness.

</doc>
<doc id="20742215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742215" title="Abdullahi Bayero">
Abdullahi Bayero

Abdullahi Bayero dan Muhammad Abbas (1881–1953) was Sarki (Emir) of Kano, with headquarters in Kano, Kano State, Nigeria from 1926 to 1953. 
As a traditional ruler he had extensive powers under the British colonial authority.
Early years.
Bayero was born in 1299 AH (1881). He received his early Islamic education at the Sarki’s palace and he was guided by the prominent Islamic scholars of his time. While he was the Chiroma of Kano and District Head of Bichi he became very closely associated with the prominent Ulama.
When the British colonial administrators introduced the new district administrative structure Abdullahi Bayero, who was then Chiroma, was appointed the Head of the Home Districts with headquarters at Dawakin Kudu and later (1914) at Panisau. He was appointed Sarki Kano in April 1926 and was formally installed on 14 February 1927. He was the most experienced contender for the Emirship and had also proved that he was honest, efficient, dedicated and upright.
Life career.
Sarki Kano Abdullahi Bayero made several appointments during his long reign. Among those he appointed were his sons Muhammad Sanusi whom he appointed Ciroma and District Head of Bichi, the position he held before his appointment as the Sarki; and Aminu who was appointed Dan Iya and District Head of Dawakin Kudu. After the deposition of Muhammad son of Sarki Kano Shehu Usman from Turaki and District Head of Ungogo he appointed his brothers Abdulkadir and Muhammad Inuwa as Galadima and Turaki respectively in 1927. He reduced the influence of the Cucanawa and also freed all other royal slaves, which was in line with the British anti slavery policy. He also delegated some of his executive responsibilities to his councilors.
As Sarki Kano Bayero was committed to the commercial and industrial development of Kano he encouraged genuine industrial undertakings: for example the Gwamaja Textile Mills, which was the first modern textile producer in Nigeria. He also encouraged indigenous individual entrepreneurs such as the highly successful Alhaji Alhassan Dantata. The social service sector was accorded the necessary attention by his Emirate Council.
Kano city was the first place in the North to have electricity and a water supply on a large scale. This was chiefly the result of the initiative of Abdullahi Bayero, who proposed in 1927 that surplus funds in the Native Administration accounts be used to provide an electricity and a water supply for the whole of Kano. Until then, these services had been supplied only to the Government area. 
The Public Works Department in Lagos strongly opposed these proposals on the grounds of expense and lack of availability of staff to undertake the work. Nevertheless, the Native Administration went ahead and obtained estimates from a contractor and the work began. Water was pumped from the Challawa River ten miles from the town and each compound in the city was provided with at least one lamp standard. In 1929 the scheme was formally opened amidst great celebrations. Initially maintained by the Native Administration's own staff, the scheme proved to be a great success and soon paid for itself.
Islamic study contribution.
Sarki Kano Abdullahi Bayero had a keen interest in Islamic education and he contributed morally and materially towards its development. As a result of this, Kano had many prominent Islamic scholars during his reign, including Shehu Muhammad Salga and his students Abubakar Mijinyawa and Umar Falke. He established the Shahuchi Judicial School in 1348 AH (1929), the first of its kind in Nigeria with Shaikh Sulaiman, his long term colleague, who initiated the idea as its first headmaster. The Kano Law School, which later became the School for Arabic Studies, grew from the Shahuchi Judicial School through the efforts of Waziri Gidado (Yahya 1986), who was then the Chief Islamic and Legal Adviser of the Sarki. He was also encouraged the showing of respect to the Shariffs by Shaikh Sulaiman (Paden 1973), his initiator into the Tijaniyya (a mystic brotherhood founded by Shaikh Ahmad Tijani of Algeria).
Sarki Kano Abdullahi Bayero was the first Sarki to perform the Hajj, hence he is popularly known as Sarki Alhaji. He was accompanied on this journey by his younger brother Galadima Abdulkadir and Ma’aji Mallam Sulaiman, who later became the first Walin Kano. It was during this Hajj trip that they first met Shaikh Ibrahim Niass of Senegal and they accepted him as their Shaykh. After the Hajj, Sarki Abdullahi visited Egypt where he saw many magnificent mosques. When he returned he began the building of the new Kano mosque, the first of its kind in northern Nigeria and still one of the most beautiful mosques in the area.
Politics.
Towards the end of his reign the Northern Elements Progressive Union (NEPU) was formed by the following Kano politicians: Abba Maikwaru, Bello Ijumu, Babaliya Manaja, Musa Kaula, Abdulkadir Danjaji, Musa Bida, Magaji Dambatta and Mudi Spikin (Abba 2000: ix). This was a radical political party which questioned colonial rule and the traditional establishment. But Sarkin Kano Abdullahi Bayero was very cautious. When the NEPU leaders were brought before his court for alleged sedition and the palace officials including Ulama advised the Emir that they were not Muslims and deserved death, he refused to accept this advice, arguing that 'we must have done something wrong for these young men to challenge us'.
Sarki Kano Alhaji Abdullahi Bayero never compromised his Islamic convictions despite his progressive ideas (Yahya 1986). He will be remembered in the history of Kano as a sincere, honest, pious and patient Sarki. He was a man of great simplicity who used to sew his own clothes and was very caring for his junior staff, as in the case of Inuwa Wali, when the Sarki directed one of the ward heads, against the wishes of the courtiers, to ensure that he was given a house. He was eventually given a house in the Mandawari quarters, where he lived for more than fifty years. 
Sarki Kano Alhaji Abdullahi Bayero died on Thursday 13th Rabi al-Thani 1373 (23 December 1953).

</doc>
<doc id="20742236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742236" title="Karl Ditlev Rygh">
Karl Ditlev Rygh

Karl Ditlev Rygh (7 June 1839 – 1915) was a Norwegian archaeologist and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Verdal, and was the brother of Evald og Oluf Rygh. He graduated as cand.philol. in 1863. He was hired as a teacher at Trondheim Cathedral School in 1866, and worked as headmaster there from 1887 to 1899. From 1868 he was a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters; he served as praeses of the organization from 1883 to 1897. As an archaeologist Rygh specialized in Norway north of Dovrefjell, especially Trøndelag. When his brother Oluf died, Karl Ditlev Rygh helped finish his main work, the nineteen-volume "Norske Gaardnavne".
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1886, 1889 and 1892, representing the constituency of "Trondhjem og Levanger". He had served as a deputy representative during the term 1883–1885.

</doc>
<doc id="20742238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742238" title="Maurice Hill">
Maurice Hill

Maurice Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20742249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742249" title="Gerald R. Dickens">
Gerald R. Dickens

Gerald R. Dickens is Professor of Earth Science at Rice University, and is a researcher into the history of the world’s oceans, with respect to the changing patterns of their geology, chemistry and biology.
'Jerry' Dickens's degrees are a PhD from the University of Michigan in Oceanography (1996), M.S. from the University of Michigan in Oceanography (1993), and a B.S. from the University of California, Berkeley 1989. From 2001 to 2005 Dickens was a Member of the Editorial Board of the magazine "Geology", published by the Geological Society of America, and from 2001 to 2004 was an Associate Editor of "Paleoceanography", published by the American Geophysical Union. From December 2005 to December 2009 Dickens was the Editor in Chief of "Paleoceanography".
Dickens was Lecturer and Senior Lecturer in the Department of Earth Sciences at James Cook University in Australia from 1997 to 2001. He was appointed an Associate Professor at Rice University in August 2001, becoming a full Professor in June 2008. In 2003 Dickens received the 2002/2003 Distinguished Lecturer Award from the Joint Oceanographic Institutions, and in 2008 the Distinguished Lecturer Award of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG).
Dickens was interviewed for the BBC's "Horizon" documentary series in 2002 in a programme called 'The Day the Earth Nearly Died'. He was also interviewed on the History Channel's 'Mega Disasters' which focused on eruptions of methane gas deep in the ocean. The one-hour programme aired on October 9 and 10 2008. In the interview Dickens claimed that Methane had been identified as a cause for catastrophic disasters about 55 million years ago. From 2005 to 2010, he served as Master of Martel College at Rice University.
Selected publications.
Dickens has authored or co-authored over 90 scientific papers including:

</doc>
<doc id="20742253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742253" title="Gennady Simeonovich Osipov">
Gennady Simeonovich Osipov

Gennady S. Osipov (born October 13, 1948) is a Russian scientist, holding a Ph.D. and a Dr. Sci. in theoretical computer science, information technologies and artificial intelligence. He is the vice-president of the Institute for Systems Analysis of the Russian Academy of Sciences, professor at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (State University), and at Bauman Moscow State Technical University. Osipov has contributed to the Theory of Dynamic Intelligent Systems and heterogeneous semantic networks used in applied intelligent systems.
History.
Seventh time President of Russian Association for Artificial Intelligence.
In 1997-1999, 1999–2001, 2001-2003 Gennady Osipov received Governmental Grants for Outstanding Scholars by the Decree of the President of Russian Federation.
Osipov is a member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences and of the Academy of Astronautics of Tsiolkovsky, Fellow of European Coordinating Committee for Artificial Intelligence (ECCAI fellow) and the vice-editor in chief of the “Artificial Intelligence and Decision Making” journal.
Work.
Osipov's work in Knowledge Acquisition fields has resulted in the Direct Knowledge Acquisition Method which integrates Knowledge Acquisition Methods by means of date, texts, and human experts. In 1998 Osipov designed the Theory of Dynamic Intelligent System, investigated the behaviour of Dynamic Intelligent Systems, and described classes of this type of Systems. 
Osipov is the creator of the relational-situational model of text analysis, used in semantic search engines. 
He is the author of 120 articles, 5 monographs, 2 manuals, and 2 patents. He is one of the patentees of the Semantic search engine EXACTUS. 
In the 2008 Russian Search Engine competition EXACTUS took first place in precision and completeness.
References.
The Method of direct Knowledge Acquisition from Human Experts. Proceeding of the 5th Banff Knowledge Acquisition for Knowledge-Based Systems Workshop, Banff, Canada, November, 1990.
Architecture and Controllability of Knowledge-Based Discrete Dynamical Systems. Journal of Computer and Systems Sciences International, Vol.39, N 5, 2000.
Linguistic Knowledge for Search Relevance Improvement. Proceedings of Joint conference on knowledge-based software Engineering JCKBSE'06, IOS Press, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20742279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742279" title="Friedrich-Dessauer-Gymnasium, Frankfurt">
Friedrich-Dessauer-Gymnasium, Frankfurt

The (abbreviation: "FDG"; ) is a sixth form "Gymnasium" in the district Höchst of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
The eponym is Friedrich Dessauer (1881–1963). The school has approximately 101 (year 2004) teachers and 853 (year 2009) students.
Famous persons connected to the school are Michael Gahler (born 1960), a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Hesse, and Marco Marin (born 1989), member of the German national soccer team.
In 2007 the old building was torn down and rebuilt in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20742327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742327" title="Daffin House">
Daffin House

Daffin House is a historic home located at Hillsboro, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is a large, 2½-story brick structure built about 1780. Attached is a two-part, 1½-story Flemish bond brick wing built about 1760, with a dormered gable roof. It was constructed by Charles Daffin who received a patent for the land in 1784 under the name of Daffin’s Farm.
Daffin House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20742335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742335" title="Lajše, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Lajše, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Lajše is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20742395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742395" title="Charles (Tamil militant)">
Charles (Tamil militant)

Shanmuganathan Ravishankar ( "Caṇmukanātaṉ Ravicaṅkar"; died 5 January 2008; commonly known by the nom de guerre Charles) was a leading member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), a separatist Tamil militant organisation in Sri Lanka. 
Ravishankar was from Point Pedro. He joined the LTTE in December 1985, whilst still at school, and took on the nom de guerre Charles. His first duty was to be a sentry near Point Pedro army camp after school. He abandoned his education in 1987. He then worked in a shop run by the LTTE. Charles' first armed combat was in May 1987 during the Vadamarachchi Operation (Operation Liberation) in which the Sri Lankan military recaptured most of Vadamarachchi. He took part in the LTTE's retaliatory attack on the army camp at Nelliady Central College on 5 July 1987.
Charles then served under Captain Morris, the LTTE's commander for Point Pedro, taking part in operations against the Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF). Charles then served in Manal Aru before returning to Jaffna peninsula. He was the LTTE's commander for Vadamarachchi when the IPKF withdrew to India in 1990. 
Charles was introduced to the LTTE's intelligence head Pottu Amman by his body guard Kili. Pottu Amman chose Charles to prepare a base in southern Sri Lanka for attacks. Charles and some other intelligence operatives were sent to Colombo in early 1990. He returned to the north after war broke out again between the LTTE and the Sri Lankan military in June 1990. The LTTE then received intelligence that Deputy Defence Minister Ranjan Wijeratne and the Joint Operations Command were planning to assassinate LTTE leader V. Prabhakaran as he and his wife Mathivathani were praying at the Nallur Kandaswamy temple in Jaffna. Charles was sent back to Colombo in January 1991 to deliver the LTT's response to the assassination plot. Wijeratne was assassinated on 2 March 1991 and the Joint Operations Command building was blown up on 22 June 1991. Charles is alleged to have taken part in both attacks. He is also alleged to have taken part in the assassinations of Clancy Fernando (16 November 1992); Lalith Athulathmudali (23 April 1993); President Ranasinghe Premadasa (1 May 1993); and Gamini Dissanayake, Ossie Abeygunasekera, Weerasinghe Mallimarachchi, G. M. Premachandra and Gamini Wijesekara (24 October 1994). He is also alleged to have taken part in the attacks on the Kolonnawa fuel storage complex (20 October 1995) and Kelanithissa power plant (14 November 1997). Charles is alleged to have masterminded the Central Bank bombing on 31 January 1996. Prabhakaran is alleged to have given Charles a Mitsubishi Pajero as a reward for the Central Bank attack.
After the Sri Lankan authorities became aware of his presence in Colombo, Charles moved to the East, serving as the LTTE's intelligence head in Batticaloa-Ampara between 1997 and 2000. During this time he is alleged to have masterminded the assassinations of Neelan Tiruchelvam (29 July 1999); Lucky Algama (8 December 1999); and C. V. Gunaratne (7 June 2000). He is also believed to have been behind the unsuccessful assassination attempt on President Chandrika Kumaratunga on 18 December 1999. He led the successful commando raid on Bandaranaike International Airport on 24 July 2001 in which no civilians were hurt. 
After the 2002 ceasefire Charles started expanding the LTTE's intelligence network in the Colombo region, particularly Sinhalese members of the police and armed forces. He is also worked to eliminate members of Tamil paramilitary groups and Tamils spying for the Sri Lankan authorities. In 2004 he was made head of the newly created Military Intelligence Wing of the LTTE. He is alleged to have been behind the Habarana bombing (16 October 2006) and attack on Galle Harbour (18 October 2006). He took part in gathering intelligence about the Anuradhapura air base prior to it being attacked on 22 October 2007. He was later placed in charge of all external operations and made commander of a special combat unit in Mannar District.
In early 2008 Charles was assisting Sea Tigers leader Soosai fortify the Sea Tiger base at Vidattaltivu, Mannar District. Lieutenant Colonel Charles and three other LTTE members were killed on 5 January 2008 by a claymore mine placed by the Army's Deep Penetration Unit (LRRP) as they travelled in van between Iluppaikkadavai and Pallamadu in Mannar District. There were conflicting reports about his age - the Sri Lankan military claimed he was 35 whilst others reported that he was 43. His remains were buried in the LTTE's heroes cemetery at Kanakapuram, Kilinochchi District. He was posthumously promoted to Colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="20742397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742397" title="Grand Arena Shopping Mall">
Grand Arena Shopping Mall

Grand Arena is located south of Bucharest in Berceni district, at the crossroad between Turnu Măgurele Street, Metalurgiei Boulevard and Gilăului Road, in the proximity of a large do-it-yourself store and cash and carry.
Grand Arena Shopping Mall is anchored by Carrefour Hypermarket and it is served by an underground parking lot with approximately 2,000 car places.

</doc>
<doc id="20742402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742402" title="Exeter (Federalsburg, Maryland)">
Exeter (Federalsburg, Maryland)

Exeter is a historic home located at Federalsburg, Caroline County, Maryland. It is composed of two distinct sections constructed during the 19th century. The front section is a three-bay wide, two-story frame structure covered with cypress shingles. Behind it is a -story frame wing, four bays long, covered with beaded weatherboard. Outbuildings include a brick meathouse and frame milkhouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20742404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742404" title="David Evan Jones (composer)">
David Evan Jones (composer)

David Evan Jones (born 1946) is an American pianist and composer of chamber music, opera, and computer music.
Jones was a student of composer Roger Reynolds and Pauline Oliveros at University of California, San Diego, before studying at IRCAM in Paris. Later he joined the faculty at Dartmouth College, New Hampshire, in the 1980s before becoming professor of music at University of California at Santa Cruz.
Works.
His notable compositions include "Scritto", which features digitally manipulated vowel sounds. He has also written one chamber opera, "Bardos", which premiered in Seoul, South Korea in 2004. His work was also selected to be part of 60x60.

</doc>
<doc id="20742407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742407" title="Lady Love (album)">
Lady Love (album)

Lady Love is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist LeToya originally scheduled for release several times in 2008. After corporate restructuring at Capitol Records the album was released on August 25, 2009 in the United States.
Luckett worked with a wide variety of collborators for the album, including; Ne-Yo, Chris Brown and Bryan-Michael Cox. Featured guests include Ludacris, Estelle and Mims whilst some versions of the album will also have a bonus track which also features Bun B, Killa Kyleon, and Slim Thug. Described as "showcasing a more laid back and comfortable LeToya", "Lady Love" differs stylistically from its predecessor in that it incorporates less elements of hip-hop and hip-hop soul music, instead adopting a more polished, electronic sound, though it is still very much a R&B album. "Lady Love" debuted and peaked at number twelve on the US "Billboard" 200 Chart and number one on the US "Billboard" R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Background.
Production for "Lady Love" originally began in 2007, with a release scheduled several times in 2008. However, due to the fusing of Capitol Records and Virgin Records, funding for many artists was frozen until the completion of the merger, affecting not only the release of "Lady Love" but also the release of "Obvious", the third single from Luckett's self-titled debut album. In early 2009, the release date for "Lady Love" was announced to be May 19, 2009, however it was later pushed back to June 16, 2009, before finally being set to August 24, 2009.
Composition.
""Lady Love" is more of a mid-tempo R&B album than a hip-hop hybrid" that is "directed toward the pop market" and thus is "heavier on gleaming synthesizers and in-your-face production." "The album begins with" the "conceited but confident up-tempo" "Lady Love" which is followed by the "startingly brash", "electronically soaked" "She Ain't Got..." on which LeToya displays a "fierce personality" through her vocals and the lyrics, one line reading "Bout to put my foot down on homegirl’s neck, to make her see that, she ain't got s*** on me". From this point on, the album slows into more mid-tempos and ballads, such as the Ne-Yo composition "Not Anymore", which "tells a story about a young lady who decides enough is enough and tells her no good womanizing partner to leave" and the "break-up anthem" "Over". "Regret", featuring rapper Ludacris, has been repeatedly likened to the Mary Mary hit single "God in Me", with its "rat-a-tat snares" and "alternately gliding and prodding vocal attack", while LeToya's "breathy" vocal performance on the "steamy" and "sensual" "I Need a U" - complete with a "burning" electric guitar solo - has been likened to the style of Janet Jackson. On the "supremely smooth" "Take Away Love" (featuring Estelle), LeToya plays the part of a lover who is having difficulty getting her lover to realise that she "doesn't want a relationship with him" because she is "still in love" with her "ex" and he "doesn't understand that". While on the "densely layered" "Good To Me" which has been described as "serious and sexy at the same time" and likened to some of the material on Usher's "Confessions" album, LeToya names and describes the qualities she wants in her ideal man, emphasising that he must be "good to ". The tempo of the album "slows down towards the end" with the songs "Drained", "Tears" and the Marsha Ambrosius-penned "Matter". Shortly before closing the album, LeToya "shows off her upper vocal register" on "Don't Need You" which has been herladed as "LeToya's best recording to-date" by Timothy Michael Carson of "About.com".
Release and promotion.
Amidst much anticipation for the album release, Luckett released a five-track sampler on May 19, 2009. The sampler features first single "Not Anymore" and 1 minute 30 second snippets of "Regret", "She Ain't Got...", "Lady Love" and "Matter". The album was released on physically and digitally on August 25, 2009 in the US and worldwide a day earlier. An explicit version of the album is also available and bears a Parental Advisory label. To celebrate the album's release, LeToya hosted an album release party at Cain in New York on August 27, 2009.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Lady Love" received generally positive reviews from critics. Samantha Greaves of "Examiner.com" described the album as "very diverse", listing "Take Away Love" as "One of the gems on "Lady Love"" and praised "LeToya's ability to think out the box and to bring to R&B music something different than the vast majority". Meanwhile, Timothy Michael Carson of "About.com" praised LeToya's "versatility" and "soft soprano vocals", but wrote that "many of the songs tend to sound alike" and so ""Lady Love" can quickly become a tiresome listen". Carson commented that "LeToya's vocals are what kept replaying the album over", lending particularly praise to the tracks "I Need a U" and "Don't Need U" - which he named "LeToya's best recording to-date" - before describing the album as a "great listen". Nathan S. of "DJBooth.net" also gave a particularly favorable review of "I Need a U", which he described as a "breathy and burning track that should set the sheets on fire". Nathan also lent praise to LeToya's "fierce personality" on the "remarkable" "She Ain't Got...". However, he noted that "Lady Love isn’t a perfect album" and "at times it feels uninspired and overly deliberate" but wrote that "it’s clearly the work of a woman coming into her own as an artist" and so promised that he is "not going to attach a “formerly of Destiny’s Child” onto LeToya Luckett’s name. She will finally be, simply, LeToya. She’s earned it". Andy Kellman of "Allmusic" gave a more mixed review however, describing the album as being "just as scattered and uneven as LeToya's self-titled debut", but noted that there are no "shortage of high points", listing; "Regret", the "pummeling, startlingly brash" "She Ain't Got..." and "the melancholy" "Take Away Love" as particular stand-outs. On the contrary, Diana Ayok of "SoulCulture" rated the album 3.5 out of 5, noting it as "better and stronger than [LeToya's first self titled album" and heralded it as "a genuinely impressive album" that she "would recommend" "to any R&B lover".
Commercial performance.
In the US, "Lady Love" opened with first week sales of 32,900 copies, debuting at the top of the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, replacing Ledisi's "Turn Me Loose", on September 12, 2009, where it spent a total of thirty-two weeks and number twelve on the "Billboard" 200, where it spent a total of twelve weeks. The album failed to match or better the sales or chart performance of its predecessor and did not chart outside of the United States.
Singles.
"Not Anymore", the lead single, was produced by Bei Maejor and co-produced and written by Ne-Yo. Released in February 2009, it became the most added song at urban radio, debuting at number ninety-eight on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart before peaking at number eighteen and just missing the US "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart, peaking at number one-hundred-and-seven. A music video for the single was shot on February 13, 2009. Directed by Bryan Barber, the music video is set in the 1960s and is split into 3 sections/time periods - 1961, 1964 and 1968. The sets, costumes and props change accordingly in each section to show the trends, fashions and styles of those particular years. The video was released on March 10, 2009 and peaked at number three on the 106 & Park video countdown.
"She Ain't Got..." the album's second single, was produced by Cory Bold and written by LeToya, Andre Merritt, Chris Brown and Bold. Chosen by fans, it became the first LeToya single to carry a Parental Advisory label, though a "clean" version was also released. It became the most added song on rhythmic radio, thus peaking at number thirty-nine on the "Billboard" Rhythmic Top 40 chart, while peaking at number seventy-five on the "Billboard" Pop 100 Airplay chart and number twenty on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play. However, the single was most successful in Japan where it peaked at number forty-nine on the Japan Hot 100. A music video, directed by Bryan Barber was shot on June 3, 2009 and premiered on Yahoo Music on June 30, 2009, featuring guest star Major League Baseball players Orlando Hudson and Matt Kemp of the Los Angeles Dodgers as well as Baseball Hall of Fame member Dave Winfield.
"Regret", featuring rapper Ludacris, was produced by Tank and Jerry "Texx" Franklin and written by Tank, LeToya, Franklin, K. Stephens, J. Valentine, R. Newt and C. Bridges. Released as the third single - based only on downloads and airplay - "Regret" peaked at number eight on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and debuted at number one-hundred on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making it LeToya's first single since her debut; "Torn", to enter the US Hot 100, peaking at number seventy-eight. It also peaked at number forty-two on the "Billboard" Radio Songs chart and was listed at number six on AOL Music's "Top R&B Songs of 2009" list. The music video for "Regret" was premiered on BET's "106 & Park" on November 11, 2009 before being ranked at number twenty-three on ": Top 100 Videos of 2009 countdown".
"Good To Me", produced by Tank and Jerry "Texx" Franklin and written by Tank, Franklin, K. Stephens, R. Newt and J. Valentine, was released as the album's fourth and final single. Though the song failed to chart, a music video directed by makeup artist AJ Crimson and co-starring model-actor Keston Karter was released on February 11, 2010.
Personnel and credits.
Credits are taken from the album's linear notes and Allmusic.com

</doc>
<doc id="20742428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742428" title="Umbilicaria americana">
Umbilicaria americana

Umbilicaria americana, commonly known as Frosted Rock Tripe, is a foliose lichen of rock faces.
Description.
"U. americana" has been described as looking like "grayish-white potato chips." The upper surface is gray with the appearance of white dusting. The lower surface is black. The lobes are 2 to 7 cm in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20742442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742442" title="Bhuswargo Bhayankar">
Bhuswargo Bhayankar

Bhuswargo Bhayankar is a short novel by Satyajit Ray featuring the private detective Feluda, published in 1987.
Plot summary.
In this case, Feluda and his team go to Srinagar in Kashmir where they find a spine chilling mystery.
Summary of Plot.
In this case, Feluda and his team go to Srinagar in Kashmir where they find a former judge . The judge dies under mysterious conditions.Later Feluda uses his extraordinary brain to find out who murdered the judge. Among this main mystery are many more sub-plots. As usual Feluda solves th mystery and saves his name and fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20742446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742446" title="Hans Krag">
Hans Krag

Hans Krag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20742451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742451" title="Marble Head">
Marble Head

Marble Head is a historic home located at Ridgely, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story, three-part stuccoed brick house that was apparently built in stages between 1803 and 1820. It has nearly complete interior finishes dating to the early 19th century.
Marble Head was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20742511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742511" title="Memory Lane (Denton, Maryland)">
Memory Lane (Denton, Maryland)

Memory Lane is a historic home located at Denton, Caroline County, Maryland. It a -story, frame Italianate-style house constructed in 1864. Notable exterior features include extensive porches, decorative brackets, and an octagonal cupola. The entire front facade features a wraparound porch.
Memory Lane was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20742565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742565" title="Oak Lawn (Ridgely, Maryland)">
Oak Lawn (Ridgely, Maryland)

Oak Lawn is a historic home located at Ridgely, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is a large rectangular -story brick structure with an arched brick colonnade connecting the two-story brick kitchen wing. The main house was erected in 1783 and the kitchen and arcade added before 1798. In the mid 19th century, it was owned by Greenbury Ridgely, the founder of the town of Ridgely.
Oak Lawn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20742597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742597" title="Mathadana">
Mathadana

Mathadaana is a Kannada language Indian film. The main story of movie was from S L Bhairappa's Kannada Novel 'matadana', from which it is believed that only half of Bairappa's story was taken for this movie. T N Seetharam was the director of the movie.
Music.
Music Direction was by V.Manohar and C.Ashwath.
Some popular tracks from this movie are 'Idu modhalane haadu hego eno ariye', ' Aluva Kadalolu Theli ', 'Ranga kunidu rangu ' and 'Hamsa Hamsa'.

</doc>
<doc id="20742617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742617" title="Nilanjana Sharma">
Nilanjana Sharma

Nilanjana Sharma is an actress. She played a pivotal role in the show "Hip Hip Hooray". Nilanjana's debut movie was director Subrata Sen's "Swapner Feriwala". She is a graduate of English literature.
She is the daughter of Anjana Bhowmik. Her younger sister Chandana Sharma is also an actress. She is married to Bengali actor Jishu Sengupta.

</doc>
<doc id="20742627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742627" title="Sivanadan Somasekaran">
Sivanadan Somasekaran

Sivanadan Somasekaran also known as Colonel Bhanu or Banu was a Senior Commander of LTTE. He led the LTTE artillery unit in the Second Battle of Elephant Pass and hoisted the LTTE flag at the Elephant Pass base in year 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20742628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742628" title="Katia Winter">
Katia Winter

Katia Winter (born 13 October 1983) is a Swedish actress.
Winter was born in Stockholm, Sweden and moved to London at an early age. She has appeared on British television series and in films including the 2009 drama "Unmade Beds" and the 2011 drama "Everywhere and Nowhere".
After making a move to the U.S. she immediately booked the lead female role in "Arena" opposite Kellan Lutz and Samuel L. Jackson. Soon after she played the lead role in the 2012 independent film "Love Sick Love" alongside Matthew Settle and in the independent film "Banshee Chapter" with Ted Levine. In 2012 she appeared in the "NCIS" episode "Need To Know". In the same year she also joined the cast of "Dexter" for the show's seventh season, playing the recurring role of Nadia, a Ukrainian stripper who works in a Miami club.
She currently stars as Katrina Crane on the Fox series "Sleepy Hollow".

</doc>
<doc id="20742629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742629" title="Richard McHeffy">
Richard McHeffy

Richard A. McHeffy (December 26, 1773 – December 5, 1874) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the township of Windsor in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1838 to 1840. His surname also appears as McHeffey.
He was born in Windsor township, Nova Scotia, the son of Richard McHeffey and Mary Caulfield, of Irish descent. McHeffy married Jane Hill. He was called to the province's Legislative Council in 1853. In 1867, he was asked to form an Anti-Confederation government by Charles Hastings Doyle after Hiram Blanchard's government was defeated. The choice of McHeffy to lead the government was unpopular with the anti-Confederates and William Annand became premier later that year. McHeffy became minister without portfolio in the Executive Council. He served as custos rotulorum for Hants County and was also a senior Grand Warden in the province's Freemasons. He died in Windsor at the age of 100.
His grandson Francis R. Parker also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20742663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742663" title="Hisashi Kato">
Hisashi Kato

Hisashi Kato (born April 24, 1956 in Japan) is a Japanese football manager and former player. He most recently managed Japanese club Kyoto Sanga F.C..
Kato made 43 appearances for the senior Japan national football team from 1978 to 1987, including 7 matches in the 1986 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20742667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742667" title="Deadheart">
Deadheart

Deadheart is an Australian rock/pop band from Geelong. The band released two albums in the 90s and finished in 2000 when singer and songwriter Ron Thorpe was killed in a car accident. Thorpe had previously played with No Fixed Address and performed on the Terrasphere album and had been removed from his parents at the age of 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20742669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742669" title="T'ang Haywen">
T'ang Haywen

T'ang Haywen (Chinese 曾海文, 1927–1991) was a Chinese-born painter who spent most of his professional life in Paris. His work is deeply admired for its fusion of the Chinese spiritual aesthetic of ink brush painting with Western abstract expressionism. His reputation has grown since his death thanks to some major retrospective exhibitions.
Early life.
T’ang Haywen was born in 1927 in Xiamen in Fujian Province, China. His early intellectual development was deeply influenced by his grandfather, who introduced him to the principles of Taoism, which strongly shaped T'ang's outlook, and later his art.
When the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out in 1937, T'ang's family migrated to Vietnam and settled in Cholon, the Chinese district of Saigon, where T'ang's father established a successful silk business. T'ang attended the French school in Saigon and learned calligraphy from his grandfather. At the age of 19, T'ang adopted the name Haywen: when written in Chinese, the name consists of the ideograms for "sea" and "literature". (The name would be written hǎiwén in the pinyin romanisation system; "T'ang" is a regional pronunciation of his surname character 曾, which is pronounced "zēng" in standard Chinese.) 
Migration to France and artistic career.
In 1948, T'ang moved to Paris, ostensibly to study medicine in keeping with the wishes of his father. However, once in France, T'ang soon began to pursue his long-held ambition to be a painter. He undertook little formal artistic training, but spent much time in museums and galleries, where he closely observed the work of Western masters, quoting them freely in his early oils and watercolors. He quickly developed a passion for travel, a constant feature of his life that was reflected in his art and career: his very first exhibition (1955) was in Paris, but it would be seven years before he again showed his work in France: during the intervening period he had shows in Switzerland, Canada and Luxembourg, and three in Morocco.
By the mid-1960's, T'ang's work was showing a preference for gouache or ink on paper, and traditional Chinese stylistic elements were becoming a feature of his painting. His works were influenced by the aesthetic legacy of Western masters like Turner and the impressionists, and shaped by the spiritual elements of the Taoist approach to painting, in which the artist seeks to capture the interplay of energies that give life to the natural world. Typical works of this period were quick studies of scenes in the natural world, often rendered in a few brushstrokes, that gave life to his conviction that "painting is the embodiment of energy." His synthesis of the Eastern Taoist tradition with a Western aesthetic, together with the arresting beauty of his compositions, began to attract serious attention from a small circle of critics, painters and admirers.
During the 1970's, he refined the artistic format in which his greatest works would be produced - the diptych on paper, usually untitled and measuring 70 x 100mm. In Goa, in India, T'ang met the filmmaker Tom Tam, and the two collaborated on two short films. They shot "Furen Boogie" on the beach in Goa and several months later, in T'ang's small apartment-studio in Paris, they shot "Tang Boogie". "T'ang Boogie" renders the artist's work as a series of fleeting images and is the first known example of an experimental movie by a Chinese artist. During the 1980's he had some significant exhibitions in France, notably at the Musée des Beaux Arts de Vitré and the Musée des Beaux Arts de Vannes. However, his work, while deeply admired among those art lovers to whom he was known, did not gain a major international reputation during his lifetime. In large part this was due to T'ang's own lack of interest in material success: as can be seen from the list of exhibitions from the period, he was just as happy to respond to invitations from small provincial galleries as he was to opportunities to be shown in the most prestigious spaces. In 1989 T'ang participated in a show at the Centre Georges Pompidou entitled "Tian Anmen 4 Juin-4 Décembre je n'oublie pas (Tian Anmen 4th of June 4th of December I do not forget)". In May 1991 his friend, the movie director from Hong Kong, Yonfan Manshih, shot his last known portrait in his apartment, rue Liancourt in Paris. T'ang Haywen died in Paris in 1991 at the age of 64.
Posthumous reputation.
T'ang Haywen's art found a wider public after his death, thanks to several retrospective exhibitions, notably at the Musée Océanographique de Monaco in 1996, at the Taipei Fine Arts Museum in Taiwan in 1997, The Musée de Pontoise in France in 1999, the Musée Guimet in Paris and the Shiseido Foundation in Tokyo in 2002 and commercial exhibitions amongst which a presentation at the Yishu8 cultural center in Beijing in 2011 and a monographic presentation of his work, "T'ang Haywen a modern Chinese painter" at the Basel Hong Kong art fair in 2013. Major collections that hold his work include the Musée Guimet, the Musée Cernuschi and the Musée d'art moderne in Paris, The Menil Collection in Houston, the Art Institute of Chicago and the M+ Museum in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20742677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742677" title="Leverage (statistics)">
Leverage (statistics)

In statistics, leverage is a term used in connection with regression analysis and, in particular, in analyses aimed at identifying those observations that are far away from corresponding average predictor values. Leverage points do not necessarily have a large effect on the outcome of fitting regression models. 
Leverage points are those observations, if any, made at extreme or outlying values of the independent variables such that the lack of neighboring observations means that the fitted regression model will pass close to that particular observation. 
Modern computer packages for statistical analysis include, as part of their facilities for regression analysis, various quantitative measures for identifying influential observations: among these measures is partial leverage, a measure of how a variable contributes to the leverage of a datum.
Definition.
The leverage score for the formula_1 data unit is defined as:
the formula_1 diagonal of the hat matrix formula_4.
Properties.
formula_5
Proof.
First, note that formula_6. Also, observe that formula_7 is symmetric.
So we have,
and
If we are in an ordinary least squares setting with fixed X and:
then formula_12 where formula_13.
In other words, if the formula_14 are homoscedastic, leverage scores determine the noise level in the model.
Proof.
First, note that formula_15 is idempotent and symmetric. This gives,
formula_16.
So that, formula_12.

</doc>
<doc id="20742691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742691" title="Yahiro Kazama">
Yahiro Kazama

Yahiro Kazama (born October 16, 1961 in Shizuoka, Japan) is a Japanese football manager and former player. He is the first Japanese player to score in J. League.
Kazama played for several clubs in Germany, including BVL 08 Remscheid and Eintracht Braunschweig.
On April 23, 2012, Kawasaki Frontale announce appointment of their new manager Kazama. The former Sanfrecce and national team player begins his first professional managerial stint two weeks after the firing of former boss Naoki Soma for poor results.
He has two sons of professional footballer. His eldest son Koki is currently playing in Giravanz Kitakyushu, and his second son Koya is playing in Oita Trinita.

</doc>
<doc id="20742713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742713" title="Takashi Mizunuma">
Takashi Mizunuma

Takashi Mizunuma (born May 28, 1960 in Saitama, Saitama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player. His son Kota is also a professional footballer.
Mizunuma made 32 appearances for the Japan national football team from 1984 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20742718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742718" title="Rouen Castle">
Rouen Castle

Rouen Castle was the castle of the town in Rouen, capital of the duchy of Normandy, now in France. It was built by Philip II of France from 1204 to 1210 following his capture of the duchy from John, duke of Normandy and king of England. Located outside the medieval town to its north, in a dominant position, it played a military role in the Hundred Years' War and the Wars of Religion. It was the main seat of power, administration and politics in the duchy of Normandy for nearly 400 years, symbolically replacing the ducal palace of Rouen in these roles - of the bailliage and vicomté of the king of France, of the English government of the area (1418–1449), of the échiquier de Normandie (which became the Parlement de Normandie). It was here that Joan of Arc was imprisoned in December 1430 and tried from 21 February to 23 May 1431. Vulnerable to artillery like other medieval fortresses, all but the keep (now known as the Tour Jeanne d'Arc) was dismantled in 1591 by Henry IV of France.
Buildings.
Tour Jeanne d'Arc.
Formerly known as the castle's donjon or "Grosse Tour", this tower is part of Philip's 1204 phase. It is said to have housed one of the sessions of Joan of Arc's trial, one in which she was shown the instruments of torture, to which she replied "Truly, if you have to pull my members and my soul from my body, I shall say nothing else; and if I say something to you, I would always say to you afterwards that you made me say it by force.". She was not imprisoned here but in the now-lost Tour de la Pucelle, whose foundations may be seen at 102 rue Jeanne d'Arc. The pointed roof was added in restoration works beginning in the 1870s. During the Second World War the tower was camouflaged and turned into a bunker by the occupying German forces. It is now open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20742722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742722" title="Stang's First Cabinet">
Stang's First Cabinet

The Stang's First Cabinet governed Norway between 13 July 1889 and 6 March 1891. It was led by Emil Stang and is one of two Conservative Party-only cabinets ever in Norway, the other being Willoch's First Cabinet from 1981 to 1983. It had the following composition:
State Secretary.
Not to be confused with the modern title State Secretary. The old title State Secretary, used between 1814 and 1925, is now known as Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringsråd").
References.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20742756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742756" title="Us Mob">
Us Mob

Us Mob were an early Aboriginal rock band from South Australia. The band was formed with the help of the Centre for Aboriginal Studies in Music in Adelaide.
Overview.
Us Mob appeared in the film "Wrong Side of the Road" with fellow CASM band No Fixed Address The recording of the soundtrack made the two bands the first contemporary aboriginal bands to be recorded. Along with No Fixed Address they were nominated for the 1981 AFI Award for Best Original Music for the music from the film. They relocated to Sydney and broke up after their equipment was destroyed by a fire. The band were the subject of an ABC Message Stick documentary in February 2000.
Discography.
Soundtrack

</doc>
<doc id="20742782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742782" title="Thomas Lorimer Corbett">
Thomas Lorimer Corbett

Thomas Lorimer Corbett (1854 – 6 April 1910) was a British Conservative politician.
Corbett was born in Glasgow, Scotland, and was the eldest son of Thomas Corbett of Cove, Dunbartonshire and his wife, Sarah Cameron.
Following a private education, Corbett moved to Streatham, London. He became secretary of the Clapham Conservative Association, and a member of the National Union of Conservative Associations. He was elected to the first London County Council in 1889, as a Moderate Party councillor for Clapham electoral division. He was defeated by his Progressive Party opponent at the next council election in March 1892.
Corbett's opposition to Home Rule in Ireland led to him standing as a parliamentary candidate for the Irish Unionists at the 1892 and 1895 general elections, when he unsuccessfully contested East Tyrone. 
In 1895 he regained his seat on the London County Council, and retained it in 1898. He was chief whip of the Moderate Party, and held the office of deputy chairman of the council in 1899 – 1900.
In 1898 Colonel Thomas Waring, the Unionist member of parliament for North Down died. Corbett contested the ensuing by-election, but was narrowly defeated by his opponent, John Blakiston-Houston. Both candidates were members of the same party, and it was felt that Blakiston-Houston won the seat by securing the Roman Catholic vote in the constituency. Corbett, in contrast, was described as having "somewhat extreme Protestant opinions". Two years later a general election was held, and Corbett succeeded in being elected as MP for North Down. He held the seat at the next two elections in 1906 and January 1910.
His younger brother, Archibald Cameron Corbett, was Liberal Unionist MP for Glasgow Tradeston from 1885 – 1911.
T L Corbett died suddenly from pneumonia in April 1910 at his London home.

</doc>
<doc id="20742796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742796" title="Tathoi Deb">
Tathoi Deb

Tathoi Deb (born Sharanya Deb on 11 October 1997) is a Bengali actress, dancer and television presenter. She is one of the most popular child actresses in Bengali cinema.
Biography.
Tathoi was born in Kolkata, West Bengal to Late Lala Biswajit Deb and Jamuna Deb. She has lost her father at an early age, so she lives with her mother. She has two older brothers Biswarup & Biswaraj. She attends National Gems Higher Secondary School.
Career.
Tathoi Deb's first job at TV was hosting the junior version of Bengali television dance reality show Dance Bangla Dance on Zee Bangla together with Aritra. Veteran Bengali actor Mithun Chakraborty was the judge of the show, which was broadcast for two seasons. She has won the highest television award in Bengali channels: a Telesamman Award for her presenting in this show. Tathoi, Aritra and Mithun Chakraborty have been reported to also present a new dance show titled "Dhoom Dhamaka" which contains both junior and senior contestants.
She received the coveted Sanjukta Panigrahi Award for her dancing at the age of 8 and was also awarded the Amazing Kid Entertainer award at the Pogo Amazing Kids Awards (PAKA) 2008. She received the award from Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone. She has also performed in various Bengali movies and telefilms. In "Neel Rajar Deshe" by Riingo she was the female lead. Dona Ganguly (Odissi dancer and the wife of Former Indian cricket team captain Sourav Ganguly) is Tathoi's dance teacher.
Tathoi has been part of National Award winning film Shob Choritro Kalponik by Rituporno Ghosh where she played cameo of young Radhika (Bipasha Basu). She won the Best Child Artist award from Reliance Big Bangla New Talent Awards in 2011 for her performance in Cholo Paltai. In January 2012, Tathoi starred in "Khokababu", the second highest-grossing Tollywood film till then. Tathoi had been shooting for Ek Phonta Bhalobasha opposite Indraneil Sengupta slated to release in July 2013.
Besides acting, she has endorsed several brands like Elite Footwear, Meghna Garments, Itsy Bitsy Biscuits, Hahnemann Food products.
Awards and nominations.
Sambad Pratidin Telesamman.
Winner
POGO Amazing Kids Awards(PAKA).
Winner
Big Bangla New Talent Awards.
Winner
Uttam Kala Ratna Award.
Winner

</doc>
<doc id="20742802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742802" title="Exchequer of Normandy">
Exchequer of Normandy

The Exchequer of Normandy ("Échiquier de Normandie") or Exchequer of Rouen ("Échiquier de Rouen") was the sovereign court of Normandy, set up by Rollo, first duke of Normandy, at the start of the 10th century. 
The Exchequer of Normandy was later superseded by the Parliament of Normandy in 1508.

</doc>
<doc id="20742806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742806" title="Chandana Sharma">
Chandana Sharma

Chandana Sharma (born August 7, 1979) is an Indian actress. She is the daughter of Anjana Bhowmik. Her sister Nilanjana Sharma is also an actress. She made her debut in director Rabi Kinagi's "Premi".
Television career.
She started her acting career with the role of Aditi in the popular TV show "Just Mohabbat" which aired on Sony TV. During filming Just Mohabbat, she gets another role in the show "Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin opposite" Vishal Singh, she played Diya, who falls in love with a man who is struggling with love in his life. Also starred in Dhak Dhak in Dubai on 9X Channel.
She played the role of Tara Arora in the serial "Yeh Dil Chahe More" telecast on STAR One. She also anchors the lifestyle show "Home Shanti Home" on STAR One.
She worked in her hit show "Love Ne Milla Di Jodi" as a strong independent women Damini Gujral, that airs on STAR One. She also made an appearance in one episode of "Rishta.com" on Sony TV and in "Ssshhhh...Phir Koi Hai".
She has also shot an ad film for "Airtel" with Shah Rukh Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="20742835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742835" title="Gorenja Vas, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Gorenja Vas, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Gorenja Vas (, ) is a settlement in the Poljane Sora Valley and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. In addition to the settlement core of Gorenja Vas itself, the settlement also consists of the hamlets of Sestranska Vas () north of the Poljane Sora River, and Trata and Lajše south of the settlement core.
Religious heritage.
The parish church is dedicated to John the Baptist. It dates to the second half of the 17th century and was built on the site of a smaller chapel. It was remodeled in the 18th century, when the nave was extended, the side chapels were walled in, and the current belfry and main facade were created. Paintings dating to circa 1700 decorate the nave and presbytery. The main altar is late Baroque; it has been reworked several times and has paintings by Janez Wolf (1825–1884) and Matija Bradaška (1852–1915).
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Gorenja Vas include:

</doc>
<doc id="20742844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742844" title="Stang's Second Cabinet">
Stang's Second Cabinet

The Stang's Second Cabinet governed Norway between 2 May 1893 and 14 October 1895. It had the following composition:
State Secretary.
Not to be confused with the modern title State Secretary. The old title State Secretary, used between 1814 and 1925, is now known as Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringsråd").
References.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20742861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742861" title="2010 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
2010 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 2010 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 38th edition of the event known as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2010 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from February 8 through February 14, 2010. Robin Söderling won the singles title.
The field was led by newly crowned world no. 2 Novak Djokovic, world no. 6, 2010 Qatar ExxonMobil Open champion Nikolay Davydenko and 2009 French Open finalist Robin Söderling. Other players included Gaël Monfils, Tommy Robredo, Mikhail Youzhny and Ivan Ljubičić.
Entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received the lucky loser spot:

</doc>
<doc id="20742889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742889" title="Myeongbongsan">
Myeongbongsan

Myeongbongsan is a mountain in the city of Wonju, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20742910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742910" title="Revolt of the va-nu-pieds">
Revolt of the va-nu-pieds

The Revolt of the "va-nu-pieds" (, "barefooted ones") was a popular uprising in Normandy in 1639 following Louis XIII of France's decision to set up the gabelle in Cotentin in place of the privilege of the quart-bouillon.

</doc>
<doc id="20742920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742920" title="Huangge Auto Town Station">
Huangge Auto Town Station

Huangge Auto Town Station () is an elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Shinan Road () and Huangge Road North () in Huangge Town (), Nansha District. Its location is just next to Guangzhou Toyota Auto Town (), a car firm operated by the Japanese car manufacturer, Toyota.
Before the station put into service, it was called "Huangge North Station" () and "Guangzhou Toyota Auto Town Station" () successively. Residents criticized the station name of "Guangzhou Toyota Auto Town Station" for promoting Toyota and its car accessories. So the station name was changed to the current Huangge Auto Town Station later.

</doc>
<doc id="20742922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742922" title="2009 Brisbane International – Women's Doubles">
2009 Brisbane International – Women's Doubles

Dinara Safina and Ágnes Szávay were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Vania King won in the final, 3–6, 7–5, 10–5, over Klaudia Jans and Alicja Rosolska.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Victoria Azarenka / Francesca Schiavone "(Quarterfinals, withdrew)
<li> Tiantian Sun / Zi Yan "(Quarterfinals)

</doc>
<doc id="20742926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742926" title="2009 Brisbane International – Women's Singles">
2009 Brisbane International – Women's Singles

Li Na was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Victoria Azarenka, the runner-up to Li in 2008, won in the final 6–3, 6–1, against Marion Bartoli.

</doc>
<doc id="20742927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742927" title="2009 Brisbane International – Men's Doubles">
2009 Brisbane International – Men's Doubles

Martín García and Marcelo Melo were the defending champions, but García chose not to participate, and only Melo competed that year.
Melo partnered with André Sá, but lost in the first round to Travis Parrott and Filip Polášek.
Marc Gicquel and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga won in the final, 6–4, 6–3, against Fernando Verdasco and Mischa Zverev.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Simon Aspelin / Pavel Vízner "(Quarterfinals)
<li> Martin Damm / Robert Lindstedt "(Quarterfinals)

</doc>
<doc id="20742928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742928" title="Briza minor">
Briza minor

Briza minor is a species of grass known by the common names
Lesser quaking-grass or little quakinggrass. It is native to the Mediterranean Basin, and it is known elsewhere, including much of North America, as an introduced species. It is an annual grass producing narrow clumps of erect stems up to 50 centimeters tall. The inflorescence bears several small cone-shaped spikelets, each hanging on a pedicel.

</doc>
<doc id="20742931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742931" title="2009 Brisbane International – Men's Singles">
2009 Brisbane International – Men's Singles

Michaël Llodra was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Radek Štěpánek.
Radek Štěpánek won in the final 3–6, 6–3, 6–4, against Fernando Verdasco.

</doc>
<doc id="20742939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742939" title="Potter Hall">
Potter Hall

Potter Hall is a historic home located at Williston, Caroline County, Maryland, United States. It is an early-19th-century, Federal-influenced house facing the Choptank River. The house was constructed in three sections: a tall -story Flemish bond brick structure built about 1808 adjoining a lower -story, two-bay-wide central section built about 1750, also of Flemish bond brick, then a frame single-story kitchen wing added in 1930. Each of the three sections has a gable roof. Potter Hall was originally settled by Zabdiel Potter, who in the mid-18th century built a wharf and the small brick house. He developed Potter’s Landing into a key early port for the shipping of tobacco to Baltimore.
Potter Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20742943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742943" title="Boris Porshnev">
Boris Porshnev

Boris Fyodorovich Porshnev (; , Saint Petersburg – 26 November 1972, Moscow), was a Soviet historian known for his works on popular revolts in Ancien Régime France and a doctor of social sciences working on psychology, prehistory and neurolinguistics as relating to the origins of man.
Selected works.
The original edition of LES SOULEVEMENTS POPULAIRES... appeared in Russian as NARODNIE VOSSTANYA VO FRANTSII PERED FRONDOI,1623-1648 (Moscow, 1948).

</doc>
<doc id="20742962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742962" title="Myeonsan">
Myeonsan

Myeongbongsan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the cities of Taebaek and Samcheok in Gangwon-do and the county of Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20742963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742963" title="Bush (surname)">
Bush (surname)

The surname Bush originates from the early Anglo-Saxon communities of Britain. It is derived from the Old English word "busc", which means "bush". 
Variations on the English spelling "Bush" include: Bushe, Bosch, Boush, Boushe, Busch, Bussche, Buscher, Bysh, and Bysshe.
The Bush family has held a family seat in Yorkshire, Northern England.
People with the surname Bush name include:
Notes & references.
"This article incorporates content originally located at Bush."

</doc>
<doc id="20742972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20742972" title="Chace Park">
Chace Park

Burton Chace Park is the largest public park in Marina del Rey, California. It is named after former Mayor of Long Beach, Burton W. Chace. 
Comprising approximately , the park is located on Mindanao Way near Admiralty Way. The park is surrounded on three sides by water, and a green knoll rises in its center, from which the entire community can be viewed. 
Public services include picnic grounds, shelters, barbecue grills, restrooms, community rooms, transient and guest docks, showers and facilities for boaters, and a seasonal cafe. Burton Chace Park is the location of many of the community's local fairs and festivals, including the Marina del Rey Holiday Boat Parade, Discover Marina del Rey, and the Marina Summer Concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="20743013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743013" title="Revolt of the papier timbré">
Revolt of the papier timbré

The Revolt of the papier timbré was an anti-fiscal revolt in the west of Ancien Régime France, during the reign of Louis XIV from April to September 1675. It was fiercest in Lower Brittany, where it took on an anti-lordly tone and became known as the revolt of the Bonnets rouges (after the blue or red caps worn by the insurgents according to region) or revolt of the Torrebens (a war cry and signature in one of the peasant codes). It was unleashed by an increase in taxes, including the papier timbré, needed to authenticate official documents. (Bonnets may well refer to the ancient family descended from Henry de Bohal who are also known as Bonnet, Bot, etc. ~ see history of Pleucdeuc)
Context.
Franco-Dutch War.
Louis XIV declared war on the Dutch Republic in 1672. Unlike in the War of Devolution, after a rapid advance the French army was stopped by the Dutch deliberately breaching the dykes and flooding the land. The war dragged on. The Dutch fleet threatened the French coast, notably the Brittany coast, off which it cruised in April–May 1673 (after a landing on Belle-Île in 1673 and another landing on Groix in 1674). This interfered with Breton trade.
To finance the French war effort, new taxes were levied:
Situation in Brittany.
These threats and new taxes added to an already-difficult economic situation in Brittany, then a heavily populated area (with around 10% of France's population at the time) after being spared famines and epidemics since the 1640s. In the 1660s and 70s it entered a phase of economic difficulties, largely linked to the first effects of Louis XIV's policy of economic warfare, the simultaneous increase in taxes and structural weaknesses: for example, a 66% reduction in the wine and canvas trade after the duc de Chaulnes (nicknamed "an hoc'h lart" in Breton - the fat pig), governor of Brittany reduced the land revenues (fermages) and those on wine and canvas by a third, leading to general deflation, except offices.
In addition, the "domain congéable" system, which regulated the relationship between peasant farmers and the owners of the land they cultivated, was archaic, and gave no incentive to either peasants or landowners to invest in improvements in farming methods. Indeed facing a fall in income after 1670, landlords became more punctilious in demanding their rights, which may have contributed to the uprising. This view however is disputed by Jean Meyer who noted that it is "questionable" whether there was any significant relation between the areas in which "domain congéable" operated and those in which the rebellion erupted. It may be significant that parishes outside the "congéable" system rebelled, while others within it did not. It may be added that the abolition of the system is not demanded in the surviving "peasant codes".
Women played an active role in the revolt. At this time, Royal law was significantly reducing both the economic and citizenship rights that women had formerly enjoyed. Women had no right to choose their own husbands for example. This struck hard in a land where women played a very important role, and this issue is identified in the peasant codes.
Finally, Brittany was a Pays d'États with its own parliaments, the Estates of Brittany and the Parliament of Brittany. It was exempted from the "gabelle" (salt tax), and new taxes should be agreed by the Estates, as guaranteed in 1532 Act of Union between Brittany and France. In 1673, the Estates had, in addition to a gift of 2.6 million livres, bought the abolition of the Chambre des domaines (which deprived some nobles of legal rights) for the same amount and acquired the royal edicts establishing new taxes, plus other expenses for the royal power, for the huge sum of 6.3 million livres. A year later, the same edicts were restored, without consulting the Estates. Also, through the Parliament of Brittany, Louis XIV registered tax on stamped paper in August 1673, and the tobacco tax in November 1674, in defiance of "Breton liberties", as Bretons at the time called their privileges under the Treaty of Union.
The new charges involved more expense for small farmers and townspeople compared to the privileged classes, and implied an introduction of gabelle. All this created a broad front of discontent against the unprecedented brutality of the central State.

</doc>
<doc id="20743018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743018" title="Nambyeongsan">
Nambyeongsan

Nambyeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20743073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743073" title="Papier timbré">
Papier timbré

In ancien regime France, papier timbré (, "stamped paper") was paper with a special revenue stamp that was compulsory for all authentic acts (i.e., documents used in law, such as wills, sale contracts and vital records). The tax on it, known as the timbre fiscal fixe or entier fiscal (sometimes also known as the papier timbré tax as a metonym), was one of the two forms of the "timbre fiscal" (the other was the "timbre fiscal mobile").
The Revolt of the papier timbré in 18th century Brittany arose from resistance to the papier timbré tax.

</doc>
<doc id="20743086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743086" title="Namdaebong">
Namdaebong

Namdaebong is a mountain between the city of Wonju and the county of Hoengseong, in Gangwon-do, South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20743088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743088" title="Poljane nad Škofjo Loko">
Poljane nad Škofjo Loko

Poljane nad Škofjo Loko () is a settlement in the Poljane Sora Valley in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
St. Martin's Parish Church.
The local parish church is dedicated to Saint Martin and was originally a Gothic building that was pulled down and rebuilt in the 1720s. The second, Baroque, structure was blown up by the Partisans in 1944 and finally totally demolished in 1956. When this happened, remnants of the original church were found and some carved pieces of stone from the site are kept in the Škofja Loka museum. The current church was built in 1967 and the belfry was replaced in the 1990s.
Notable residents.
Notable people from Poljane include:

</doc>
<doc id="20743137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743137" title="Airjack">
Airjack

Airjack may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20743146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743146" title="Neunggyeongbong">
Neunggyeongbong

Neunggyeongbong is a mountain in the city of Gangneung and the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20743185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743185" title="Nostalgia (disambiguation)">
Nostalgia (disambiguation)

Nostalgia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20743200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743200" title="Nochusan">
Nochusan

Nochusan is a mountain in the city of Gangneung and the county of Jeongseon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20743209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743209" title="2009 Challenge Cup">
2009 Challenge Cup

The 2009 Carnegie Challenge Cup began in January 2009. The Challenge Cup is the most prestigious knock-out competition in European rugby league. Teams from England, Scotland, Wales, France and Russia are included in the tournament.
Teams from the Co-operative Championship received byes into round three along with four teams from France, and the winner of the Russian Championship. Teams from the Super League enter in round four.
The final was held on 29 August 2009 and Warrington Wolves beat Huddersfield Giants 25-16.
For 2009, the early stages of the competition have been revamped. As the competition has expanded, there is now a preliminary round before the first round, and teams have been placed into two 'pools' for the preliminary, first and second rounds.
Pools.
Pool A features 48 teams, made up as follows:
Pool B features 16 teams, which is a mixed bag of Rugby League Conference teams (including representatives from Scotland and Wales), armed forces representative teams and University teams.
Preliminary round.
Pool A.
All matches were due to be played on 3–4 January, however, winter weather forced the postponement of most of these fixtures due to frozen pitches. The round is divided into two pools, with several teams receiving a bye to the First Round:
†: fixtures rearranged due to frozen pitches. New dates varied between teams, depending on clashes with league fixtures and weather.
Pool B.
Fixtures played 17–18 January:
Pool A Byes: West Hull, Thatto Heath Crusaders, Myton Warriors, Orchard Park and Greenwood, Eastmoor Dragons, East Hull, Sharlston Rovers, Kells, Hull Isberg, East Leeds, Pilkington Recs, West Bowling, Milford Marlins, Crossfields, Waterhead, Castleford Panthers
Pool B Byes: St Mary's University College, RAF, Warrington Wizards, Featherstone Lions, Hull University, Edinburgh Eagles, Northumbria University, Royal Navy
Round 1.
All matches played on 24–25 January. The round is divided into two pools, with the teams that received a bye in the last round entering.
Pool A.
†: fixtures rearranged for 31 January due to flooded pitches.
Round 2.
Draw hosted by Wath Brow Hornets on 27 January, as the winners of the Cumbrian derby in the first round. Matches to be played 14–15 February.
Round 3.
Draw was made live on BBC Radio Manchester on 17 February. All twenty Co-operative Championship teams were added into the competition in this round, as well as four teams from the French Elite One Championship, and winners of the 2008 Russian Championship, RC Lokomotiv Moscow. The matches were played on 7–8 March.
Round 4.
The draw for round 4 was made live on 9 March on BBC Radio 5 Live. The sixteen victorious Co-operative Championship teams from round 3 were joined by all fourteen Super League XIV teams, as well as Wath Brow Hornets, the competition's only amateur club remaining at this stage, and Lezignan, making this the Round of 32. From this point, no more teams are added to the competition.
All ties were played 3–5 April.
Average attendance: 4,270
Round 5.
The sixteen teams remaining after Round 4 were randomly paired against each other, in a draw held at RAF Leeming on 7 April involving AVM Chris Davison, Director of the RAF Sports Board, and Barrie McDermott, former Leeds and Great Britain and Ireland player.
All matches will be played on 9–10 May. The match between Gateshead Thunder and Oldham Roughyeds was due to be played at the Gateshead International Stadium, since Gateshead were the home team, however the match was rearranged to be played at the Darlington Arena due to a fixture clash between a playoff match for Gateshead F.C., who share the stadium with the rugby league side, and an athletics meeting. This is the first ever professional rugby league match to be held inside County Durham.
The first match of this round was a repeat of a Super League fixture only thirteen days earlier. Wakefield took the initial lead, scoring ten points in six minutes, before Wigan levelled the game by the 24th minute. An early drop goal by Danny Brough edged Wakefield ahead by one point before Wigan scored their third try to lead 11–16 going into half time, following a successful conversion by Pat Richards. Wakefield scored their only try of the second half after 51 minutes, before Wigan scored two more tries to win the game by a margin of eleven points.
Oldham also started off taking the initial lead before losing to the Gateshead Thunder. Tommy Goulden gave the visitors a lead of six points following a successful conversion, and this gave them a 4–6 lead at half time following a Gateshead try which was unsuccessfully converted. Four tries and three goals from Gateshead after the break handed them a twenty-two point lead, and two tries and a goal from Oldham were not enough to restore the deficit. A final Gateshead try ended the game with a firm 18 point margin in favour of Gateshead.
The first game ever to be concluded via the golden point rule was played at The Jungle. Halifax earned a ten point lead through a try and two goals, one of which a penalty. Castleford replied with a converted try, before Halifax kicked another penalty goal to lead 6–12. The home side again scored a try, which was converted, before Halifax kicked another penalty goal before half time. Halifax scored first with a try after the break, before Castleford scored another of their own. Another try for Halifax was countered with three Castleford tries, one of which was successfully converted to give them a 30–22 lead. Two converted Halifax tries put them into the lead by four points with ten minutes to play, but a try from Brent Sherwin on the 74th minute levelled the game at full-time. Sherwin also scored the drop goal three minutes into extra time to send Castleford through after an historic fixture.
Huddersfield won their early morning kick-off against Rochdale despite two late tries from the away side. Luke Robinson opened up the scoring on six minutes to score the first of five first-half tries for Huddersfield, to which Rochdale had no reply. Huddersfield scored again after 44 minutes to put themselves 32 points to nil ahead, before two converted Rochdale tries lowered the deficit to twenty points. Shaun Lunt finished the game off five minutes from full-time with a try that was successfully converted to provide himself with a hat-trick, and to give Huddersfield a comfortable win.
Like Oldham and Wakefield had done the day before, Featherstone took the initiative before losing to the opposition. Featherstone took a four point lead thanks to a try which was unsuccessfully converted before Warrington scored twenty unanswered first-half points with four tries and two conversions. Chris Hicks converted his own try shortly after the break to put Warrington 4–26 into the lead before Featherstone replied with what was to be their final try. Warrington proceeded to run in five tries before full-time, all of which were converted by Hicks, to win the game by almost a half-century of points.
Salford had lost three of their previous matches prior to this round's fixture, but this did not stop eight Salford players touching down for tries as they delivered the widest winning margin of the round away to Batley. Eight tries and eight goals, seven of which made up John Wilshere's ten goal match tally, scored by Salford went unanswered as Batley went into half-time fighting a 48-point deficit. Two further converted tries from Salford, including Mark Henry's fourth try, came before Batley's only try of the afternoon, which was not converted. Luke Adamson touched down two minutes from full-time to give a winning margin of 62 in favour of Salford.
Of the four Co-operative Championship sides facing Super League opposition on the Sunday, Sheffield came closest to winning, with Hull Kingston Rovers having to regalvanise themselves to prevent a Sheffield come-from-behind victory. Sheffield only scored one converted try in the first forty minutes compared to the Rovers' four tries and three goals which had given them a sixteen-point advantage going into half time, but Sheffield struck back quickly after the break with a converted try in the 41st minute. Sheffield scored again fifteen minutes later with a converted try to put them only four points behind, before Shaun Briscoe went over the try-line and Michael Dobson converted to restore a ten-point advantage. Sheffield scored another try to lower the gap to four points again, but a late Rovers try in the 77th minute ended the game to advance them through to the quarterfinals instead of Sheffield.
In a repeat of the 2007 Challenge Cup Final, St. Helens overcame French opposition in the outfit of the Catalans Dragons to reach the quarterfinals and maintain their four year unbeaten cup run. Two tries within ten minutes gave an eight-point advantage to the home side before Thomas Bosc kicked a penalty to reduce the lead to 8–2. Catalans scored a converted try in the 21st minute to level game, before two tries and a goal for St Helens meant an 18–8 half time scoreline. Catalans failed to score at all in the second half, whilst to the contrary, St Helens ran in four tries, two of which were scored by Paul Wellens. All of the second half tries were converted by Sean Long to give the home side a winning margin of 34 points.
Average attendance: 3,853
Finals.
The Gateshead Thunder entered their first ever Challenge Cup quarterfinal thanks to their victory over the Oldham Roughyeds. The nature of that fixture meant that a Co-operative Championship team was guaranteed to be present in the quarterfinals stage of the tournament. No other Championship team won their respective match against top-flight opposition, and so the rest of the remaining teams at this point were from the Super League. This round contained two Super League teams less than the previous round – the Catalans Dragons, who lost their fifth round tie against the Cup holders St. Helens, and Wakefield, who lost to Wigan.
Quarterfinals.
The sixth round of the Challenge Cup involves the eight teams who won their respective matches in the previous round. This is the final round where home field advantage is given, due to the requirement that all semifinal matches must be played at a neutral venue.
The draw was made live on BBC Two at the GPW Recruitment Stadium on 10 May. Chris Joynt, four times winner of the Challenge Cup with St. Helens drew the home sides, while Andy Farrell OBE, four times winner with the Wigan Warriors, drew the away sides.
The matches were played on 29–31 May, during the hottest weekend of the year so far temperature-wise.
A sunny Friday evening at the JJB Stadium provided host to the round's first match, between the Wigan Warriors and Salford City Reds. Salford were victorious in their last three games going into this match, with Wigan hoping to get back to winning ways after a defeat to Warrington at the Halliwell Jones Stadium. Both players were also missing a player, Wigan's Stuart Fielden for disciplinary reasons, and Darrell Goulding for Salford, on loan from Wigan, who was cup-tied for playing against Barrow Raiders earlier on in the competition. A line break from Gareth Hock gave the home side a six point lead after two minutes, following a successful conversion from Pat Richards. Salford replied nine minutes later with a line break of their own, eventually resulting in a try for Luke Adamson, converted by John Wilshere. It was to be the only Salford score of the match, but Wigan failed to take full control after forty minutes in only scoring one further try from Pat Richards on the wing to make the score 10–6 on the half-time hooter. However, Wigan scored eighteen unanswered points in the second half, with Pat Richards kicking a goal on the 49th minute, and scoring two more tries on the 59th and 70th minute to complete his hat-trick, the latter of which was converted. Hock scored another try of his own after 76 minutes, with Richards kicking the conversion to bring his individual total for the match to twenty, booking Wigan's place in the semifinals for the first time since 2007.
A Lee Briers drop goal in extra-time was all that separated Hull Kingston Rovers and Warrington Wolves at "New" Craven Park on the Saturday in a closely fought game. Both sides were in winning form, with Warrington having assembled three wins in a row, and Hull KR having won their previous six matches. The two sides had recent history in the competition, when in 2006, Warrington were knocked-out by Hull KR, who were then in National League One. The home side were first on the scoresheet after centre Kris Welham crossed the line in the 3rd minute. The conversion attempt was successful from Michael Dobson, before Vinnie Anderson replied for Warrington on the 17th minute to put the scores level following a Briers conversion. In spite of attacking play from both sides, the game ended at half time 6–6. Warrington seized the initiative four minutes after the break thanks to a converted Jon Clarke try, however, Hull KR levelled the game again five minutes later when Clint Newton crossed over the tryline. The home side pressed a ten-point advantage with two 53rd and 60th minute tries from Ben Galea and Jake Webster respectively, the latter of which was the only unsuccessful conversion of the match. Warrington matched Hull KR with two tries of their own in five minutes from Matt King and Chris Bridge, to put them two points ahead with ten minutes left to play. A penalty conceded to the side of Warrington's left upright was kicked by Hull KR's Dobson three minutes from full-time to force the game into a golden point situation, the score being 24–24 at the final hooter. Hull KR did not gain enough territory to allow Dobson a chance at a drop goal, whilst conversely Briers missed three attempts, once to the right side facing him and twice to the left side of the uprights, before landing his fourth attempt five minutes into extra time.
In contrast, the match at the Gateshead International Stadium could barely have been more one-sided, with St. Helens running out eventual winners against the Gateshead Thunder. St Helens scored twice in the first five minutes, with tries from Matthew Gidley and James Roby, both conversions missed. A brief lull in the game was ended with another St Helens try after 21 minutes from fullback Paul Wellens, and this was converted by Sean Long. Chris Flannery scored in the 25th minute, before a barrage of three St Helens tries in five minutes from Maurie Fa'asavalu, Kyle Eastmond and Leon Pryce respectively put the visitors 0–36 ahead following three conversions from Eastmond. Gateshead scored their solitary try before half-time when Ben McAlpine scored, and Nick Youngquest converted. The second half saw thirty unanswered points from St Helens with five tries in the 51st, 54th, 57th, 64th and 72nd minutes, all of which were successively converted by Eastmond to continue St Helens' four-year unbeaten cup run, finish the score at 6–66, and end any chance of a Co-operative Championship team reaching Wembley this year.
The local derby between Huddersfield and Castleford was the solitary game on the Sunday, due to BBC coverage. Huddersfield were fresh from a 48-point winning margin over Wakefield from the Super League round the week before, whilst Castleford had not won a match during regular time in four games. Despite the form book, it was Castleford who gained the early advantage thanks to an aerial take from Michael Shenton following Rangi Chase's kick, before crashing over the tryline on the way back down to give Castleford a 0–4 lead after three minutes. Several passages later, Kevin Brown dummied his way for a try in front of the uprights which was successfully converted by Brett Hodgson. Huddersfield had a disallowed try before Castleford kicked a penalty two minutes before half-time to make a 6–6 scoreline at the break. Huddersfield again had a try disallowed for a forward pass, before Brett Ferres scored his only try, and two Kirk Dixon goals gave the visitors a 6–14 lead after fifty minutes. Huddersfield did not concede again, and following a twenty minute lull, scored a try thanks to Stephen Wild, which was successfully converted. Determined Castleford defending kept Huddersfield out for nine further minutes, before Danny Kirmond scored the match winning try in the 77th minute to send Huddersfield through to the semifinal stage.
Average attendance: 6,955
Semifinals.
The four teams remaining play against each other for straight access into the Final. All matches in this round are played on a neutral venue. The draw was made live on BBC Two following coverage of the quarterfinal match between Huddersfield Giants and Castleford Tigers on 31 May. Only nine days after losing their Super League XIV tie at the Halliwell Jones Stadium, Wigan Warriors were drawn against the Warrington Wolves, whilst a repeat of the 2006 Challenge Cup Final was made with St. Helens versus Huddersfield Giants.
One match is played on Saturday 8 August, the other is played the day after. The dates and venues were confirmed on 2 June, with Wigan Warriors vs Warrington Wolves being played in Widnes at the Stobart Stadium Halton on the Saturday, and St Helens vs Huddersfield being played on the Sunday at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in Warrington.
Wigan vs Warrington.
A Matt King hat-trick ended Wigan's dreams of going to Wembley in 2009, putting Warrington into their first Challenge Cup final since 1990, despite the return of Wigan's captain Sean O'Loughlin following a knee injury. The video referee declined a Warrington try from Ben Westwood on grounds of obstruction, and Wigan also had a disallowed try from winger Pat Richards, but it was Wigan who took the initiative thanks to a side-step from Phil Bailey after seven minutes; the try was successfully converted by Richards. Two further points were added to Wigan's tally following a penalty, to give an 8–0 lead. Warrington rallied to score twenty-four unanswered points by the half-time break, with two tries from King as well as tries from Louis Anderson, Lee Briers and Michael Cooper, before King completed his hat-trick in the 48th minute to give the Wolves a 24-point lead. Sam Tomkins, in his first season of first-team rugby, started a Wigan fightback as he caught an offload from the right wing by George Carmont before grounding the ball beneath the sticks. Chris Riley was stretchered off for concussion and whiplash after colliding with Joel Tomkins' knee, and Wigan took advantage of this with two further tries from Andy Coley and Thomas Leuluai which were both converted to reduce Wigan's arrears to six points. Briers kicked a drop goal the set afterwards to give Warrington safety, before the game was sealed with a Chris Hicks try to give the full-time score of 26–39.
St Helens vs Huddersfield.
A Francis Meli hat-trick was not enough to extend St Helens' four-year unbeaten run in the Challenge Cup with a victory in Warrington. Man of the match Brett Hodgson opened up the points tally with a try in the fifth minute, although he failed to convert it. Meli scored on the wing five minutes later to level the game following another missed conversion from Kyle Eastmond. Stephen Wild scored the only other try of the first-half following a line break from Kevin Brown, which was converted to give Huddersfield a 4–10 lead. Huddersfield extended the advantage further, scoring two tries from Leroy Cudjoe and Brown in the first ten minutes of the second half, although Brett Hodgson again missed both. Meli cross the line again on the wing to bring the score to 10–18. A strong defensive performance from Huddersfield prevented another St Helens score, and Wild's second try three minutes from full-time gave the Giants a 14-point advantage. St Helens' solitary try-scorer Meli scored on the wing straight from the kick-off to complete his hat-trick, but there was not enough time for a comeback.
Final.
The Carnegie 2009 Challenge Cup Final was played on 29 August, eight rounds and almost eight months after the tournament started in its preliminary stages. Following tradition, the match was held in London at Wembley Stadium. The game finished with Warrington Wolves defeating the Huddersfield Giants 16-25 following two controversial disallowed tries for the Giants, which if awarded would have won them the game if at least one conversion attempt was good.

</doc>
<doc id="20743231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743231" title="2008 FIFA Club World Cup Final">
2008 FIFA Club World Cup Final

The 2008 FIFA Club World Cup Final was the final match of the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup, a football tournament for the champion clubs from each of FIFA's six continental confederations. The match took place at the International Stadium of Yokohama, Japan, on 21 December 2008, and pitted LDU Quito of Ecuador, the CONMEBOL club champions, and Manchester United of England, the UEFA club champions. Despite going down to 10 men early in the second half, Manchester United won the match 1–0 thanks to a 73rd-minute goal from Wayne Rooney.
Road to Yokohama.
Both Manchester United and LDU Quito qualified for the competition at the semi-final stage, after winning their respective continental competition, the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League and the 2008 Copa Libertadores.
Quito's opening game was against Mexican side Pachuca, who had defeated Egyptian club Al-Ahly 4–2 in the quarter-finals after extra time. Their semi final match was played at the National Stadium in Tokyo on 17 December 2008. LDU Quito scored two goals in the first 26 minutes, through Bieler and Bolaños, securing a place in the Club World Cup final of 2008.
Manchester United's semi-final opponents were Gamba Osaka, who had previously defeated Australian A-League premiers and Asian Champions League runners-up, Adelaide United, 1–0 to move into the second semi-final on 18 December. Vidić and Ronaldo opened the scoring in the first half, putting Manchester United ahead by two goals at half time. Yamazaki was the next to score, in the 74th minute, to bring Gamba back into the competition, but Rooney scored twice and Fletcher once, within the next five minutes to extend United's lead. Endō converted an 85th minute penalty kick and Hashimoto got a third for Gamba just minutes before the final whistle. The end result was 5–3, taking Manchester United forward to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20743265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743265" title="Noinbong">
Noinbong

Noinbong is a mountain in the city of Gangneung and the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20743266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743266" title="Ingo Niermann">
Ingo Niermann

Ingo Niermann (born 1969, Bielefeld, Germany) is a German novelist, writer, and artist.
Biography.
Niermann was born in Bielefeld and studied philosophy in Berlin. He has lived in Berlin, to the eastern part of which he allegedly moved in late 1989, but since 2013, he has lived in New York City.
Publications.
Although mostly known for his book releases (see below), Niermann earlier contributed to German newspapers Sueddeutsche Zeitung and Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. He has also conducted interviews for German literary magazine "Der Freund" and contributed a series of interviews labelled "Die Beste aller Welten" [~ "The best of all worlds imaginable"] to the German art magazine "Monopol".
In 1999, Niermann first contributed a short story ("10 000 Jahre" years) to the anthology "Mesopotamia" edited by Swiss writer Christian Kracht. His debut novel "Der Effekt" was published in 2001. It were mainly these two publications that established a perceived link with Germany’s 1990s "pop literature" movement.
Niermann successfully veered from this perception with his acclaimed 2003 book "Minusvisionen" translated as "Negative-only visions"; also a neologism in German, published by Suhrkamp. The book revived the literary form of the protocol (German "Protokoll"), drawing on motives of interview and oral history. It chronicles the visions, projects and (economic) failure of several young German entrepreneurs.
In 2006, "Umbauland" appeared, also at Suhrkamp. It presents ten ideas of Niermann – partly conceived with friends and colleagues – on how Germany could be and should be radically reformed. Suggestion include the construction of a large-scale pyramid as tourist attraction and grave site in Eastern Germany, nuclear armament, or a radical re-vamping of the German language ("Rededeutsch").
Late February 2007 saw the publication of "Metan" ["Methane", misspelled], the product of teaming up with Christian Kracht and climbing up Kilimanjaro. The book describes the mysterious power of methane gas. Another reviewer refers to the book as a parody of "alarmism" and suggested it should be taken as a joke: "But if this book is taken as a joke, it probably is not a bad one." It has been translated into several languages, such as Latvian and Russian.
Scholarly voices have suggested to read particularly "Metan" but also Niermann’s other offerings as indication of a camp take on public and political issues.
As a result of two stays in Beijing, PR China, Niermann published another chronicle book, "China ruft Dich" [“China is calling you”] in early 2008. The book records the stories, experiences and perceptions of German and other non-Chinese expatriates who have decided to pursue life in rapidly-changing China of the 00 years. Niermann flanks these reports (or protocols) with Chinese views, for example by renowned artist Ai Weiwei.
Also in 2008, Niermann’s take on the miscellanea wave, entitled "The Curious World of Drugs" and co-authored with journalist Adriano Sack was published by Plume (US; UK publisher: Turnaround).
Solution series.
Since 2008, Niermann functions as series editor of Solutions (original publications in English), published by Sternberg press and designed by Zak Kyes.
In the series, Niermann himself together with Jens Thiel published Solution 9: The Great Pyramid with contributions by Rem Koolhaas, Ai Weiwei, Christian Kracht, David Woodard and others. Also, Niermann himself published the books "Umbauland" (2009) "and Dubai Democracy" (2010) in the Solution Series.
The ninth volume in the Solution series will appear 2013: "Love" (edited by Ingo Niermann, contributions by Douglas Coupland, Eva Illouz, Ben Marcus, Beatriz Preciado, Etel Adnan, Momus, David Pearce, and others).
Other artistic and editorial activities.
In 2004, Niermann together with artist Antje Majewski curated the exhibition "Atomkrieg" [“Nuclear War”] at the Kunsthaus Dresden.
2007 saw the Great Pyramid Monument project as outlined in "Umbauland" (see above) gain momentum.
In October 2008, Niermann had his first solo exhibition as an artist entitled "JOIN THE U.S. ARMY" at ZERN Gallery, Berlin.
In 2010, Niermann wrote and co-produced the documentary "The Future of Art", followed by the book "The Future of Art. A Manual" published by Sternberg Press.
Vote: Gwangju folly with Rem Koolhaas (opening Sept. 2013): "Architect Rem Koolhaas and writer Ingo Niermann address public participation. Their folly is positioned in the middle of a busy shopping and entertainment district that is mainly frequented by teenagers. The street has been divided into three pedestrian lanes marked “Yes,” “No,” and “Maybe.” Votes are counted via a digital system and tallies are placed online to create a new form of direct plebiscite."
Niermann is also the co-founder (with Joachim Bessing and Anne Waak) of “waahr.de”, a free online archive for literary journalism.
Bibliography: original publications.
and

</doc>
<doc id="20743280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743280" title="John Streater">
John Streater

John Streater (died 1687) was an English soldier, political writer and printer. An opponent of Oliver Cromwell, Streater was a "key republican critic of the regime" He was a leading example of the “commonwealthmen”, one division among the English republicans of the period, along with James Harrington, Edmund Ludlow, and Henry Nevile.
Republican.
He was in the Parliamentary forces from 1642, seeing action at the Battle of Edgehill and Battle of Newbury. He served in the Parliamentary army in Ireland, as a quarter-master and engineer.
He made a direct reply in 1653, "Christ must come before Christmas, or else he will come too late", to Cromwell's supporter Thomas Harrison, who said that Cromwell sought not for himself but that "King Jesus might take the sceptre". This comes from James Heath, "Flagellum: or, the Life and death, birth and burial of Oliver Cromwell" (1663), and is considered "rather dubious" by Austin Woolrych.
In 1654 he started a serial publication, "Observations Historical, Political. and Philosophical". It ran for 11 issues, from 4 April to 4 July. It argued for annual elections. Taking the form of commentary on the "Politics" of Aristotle, it broached many topics such as censorship, free speech and right of assembly, with views on the family and criticism of the paternalist theories of divine right.
Streater has been seen as taking radical ideas, such as those suppressed with the Levellers, onto a new plane:
He fell into considerable trouble for his opposition to Cromwell, but found a protector in John Desborough. He was arrested under a writ of Parliament, and argued a "habeas corpus" case, unsuccessfully, but using Sir Edward Coke's approach. A pamphleteer publicised the case (1654). His eventual release in early 1654 was because Parliament was dissolved.
In the political confusion of 1659, he argued once more a republican line: against tweaking the Protectorate, against single-person rule, against forms of Senate or "standing council". He also was commissioned as a Colonel by Parliament.
Printer.
He published "The Commonwealth of Oceana" in 1656.
With John Macock he styled himself a printer to Parliament in 1659 and 1660. After the Restoration he became a successful commercial printer, in particular with titles by Nicholas Culpeper from the backlist of Peter Cole who committed suicide in 1665. He had a specific exemption from the 1662 Act regulating publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="20743282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743282" title="Arthur L. Tuuri">
Arthur L. Tuuri

Dr. Arthur L. Tuuri was a pediatrician. He came to Flint, Michigan in 1948 to work at the Mott Children's Health Center. He worked there until he retired in 1985, becoming president emeritus. He also worked with AIDS patients. In 1994, he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Kettering University. He died in 1996 at age 75. 
Named for him in the Flint area:

</doc>
<doc id="20743294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743294" title="Heinrich-von-Gagern-Gymnasium">
Heinrich-von-Gagern-Gymnasium

The (abbreviation: "HvGG"; ) is a humanistic or classical "Gymnasium" in the borough Ostend of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
The eponym is Heinrich von Gagern (1799–1880). The school has approximately 1000 students.
The Heinrich von Gagern Gymnasium is one of only two schools in Frankfurt which teach Latin and ancient Greek. The other school which offers a traditional, humanist education in Frankfurt is the Lessing-Gymnasium, Frankfurt.
Founded in 1880, the school enjoys a reputation for academic excellence in the greater Frankfurt area. Because of its reputation for academic rigour and as a drug and violence free environment, the Heinrich-von-Gagern-Gymnasium is known to draw a large proportion of its student body from the children of Frankfurt's highly educated and upper-class families.
Latin is compulsory for all students from the fifth to the ninth grade. Ancient-Greek, French or Italian must be selected as a third foreign language from the eighth grade onwards.
History.
The Heinrich-von-Gagern Gymnasium was opened in 1888 as the Kaiser-Friedrich-Gymnasium. Patron of the school was Kaiser Friedrich III, who ruled at that time in Germany.
After the 2nd World War the school was called the "State High School Frankfurt am Main" .
Exactly on the centenary of the opening of the St. Paul Church Parliament, the minister gave the school the name “Heinrich von Gagern Gymnasium” after Heinrich Freiherr von Gagern, president of the German National Assembly.
In memory of Heinrich Freiherr von Gagern some students of the school created a sandstone sculpture ("Gagern Monument"), which stands in the schoolyard since November 1998.
The large frescoes in the assembly hall were made by Wilhelm Steinhausen, completed in 1906 when the school was founded. They are rare example of fresco-paintings in the time of the Art Nouveau.
In 1960 the old Jewish school "Samson-Raphael-Hirsch-Schule" was knocked down. Today there is a modern annex building which replaces it and since 1989 and 2001 bronze badges commemorate that Jewish school. 
Since 2008 the school is located in the Bernhard-Grizmek-Allee, which has been the west sector of the street "Am Tiergarten" in the past.
In 2009 the library of the HvGG was finished, so that the students have the opportunity now to work with all available materials, such as books and computers with internet access.
At the beginning of 2010 the new cafeteria was ready to use. The students are able to eat there during lunchtime now, what was introduced due G8. At the moment the cafeteria cannot produce the dining itself. An external provider supplies the dinners.
Also at the beginning of 2010 the sanitary facilities of the Kollegstufe were rehabilitated.
Stundent representation.
The student body of Heinrich von Gagern Gymansium is represented by a democratically elected student council. There will be an annual elected student council president and two other representatives. They share all the work in different areas. Accordingly, once a year all "Klassen-/Kurssprecher" will be invited to a general meeting, where students select various positions. For example: "Ober-/Mittel-/Unterstufensprecher", various committees and city council spokesman students.
Clubs.
Small orchestra
Class 5-7
Intermediate orchestra
Class 7-9
Large orchestra
Class 10-13
Jazz - Club
Class 8-13
Jazz Combo
Class 5-7
Choir 
Class 5-6
Mixed choir
Class 7-13
Theater Project
Class 6-13
Photography club
Class 5-13
Drama Group
Class 6-10
Astronomy Club
Class 9-13
Internet Club
Class 8-13
Info / Math Club
Class 9-13
Technology AG
Class 8-13
MUN (Model United Nations)
Class 8-13
Paramedic Club
LMF Club
Class 5-13
Youth debating
Class E8 - 13
Debating
Seniors: E8 - 13
Spanish beginners
Class E-Q
Spanish Beginners: Advanced
Class E-Q
Advanced Spanish 
Class Q
Climbing 
Class 5-6
Chess Club
Class 5-13
Fencing
Social commitment.
As an example for social commitment, at the Heinrich-von-Gagern-Gymnasium, there is the project of playing music for children with cancer at the Hauptwache. 
It has its origin in 1985, when a teacher of the school died on the basis of cancer. The pupils liked to express their empathy and take part in the bout with cancer, especially to support younger cancer sufferers.
Every year in the Advent season, this project takes place at the underground city of the Hauptwache and the pupils try to induce passengers to listen to the music and stay for a moment. 
In gratitude for it, they sustain donations for patients in Jena and Frankfurt. Of course this project is totally organized by students.
The Detlev Kittstein Hall.
Because of space limitations a new gym was planned from the Frankfurter architect Zvonko Turkali, that was opened in fall 2007 officially. The new building contains two gyms, where one gym is lying on top of the other.
The Planetarium.
The first planetarium of Heinrich von Gagern Gymnasium was built in 1989 as part of a school project. The dome height of this plantarium was 3.2 meters. The projector is able to display stars of the 3rd and some of the 4th magnitude. Of course this project was the foundation of the astronomy club. These people built the new school planetarium in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20743312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743312" title="United States Senate special election in New York, 2010">
United States Senate special election in New York, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate special election in New York took place on November 2, 2010, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Governor David Paterson had appointed Kirsten Gillibrand to serve as United States Senator from New York until the 2010 special election, replacing former Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, who resigned to serve as Secretary of State in the Barack Obama administration. The winner of the special election was to complete the term ending in January 2013. The next election for a full six-year term will be held in November 2012. The special election took place concurrently with the regular election for the Senate seat held by Charles Schumer and the 2010 New York gubernatorial election. 
Due to this special election, this was the first time since the ratification of the 17th Amendment in 1913 that all of New York's six statewide offices were up for popular election on the same date. This coincided with the election of all of the House of Representatives, and all 212 members of the New York State legislature, and also when many other elections were held.
Appointment history.
Background.
Hillary Clinton's temporary status as the front-runner for the Democratic nomination for president in 2008 generated intense speculation about who would be appointed to serve out the rest of her term if she won the presidency. As envisioned then, Eliot Spitzer would have been making the appointment, and David Paterson, then Lieutenant Governor of New York, was considered the "friendly, safe and politically expedient choice" to be appointed senator. But a variety of other choices were also considered plausible.
Once Barack Obama won the Democratic nomination speculation about Clinton's successor largely evaporated and then resumed when President-elect Obama selected Clinton to serve as Secretary of State. Clinton announced that she would not resign her Senate seat until confirmed. Paterson, who succeeded Gov. Spitzer following his resignation, said he would not announce a selection until Clinton formally resigned resulting in intense political maneuvering and speculation about his eventual choice.
Potential candidates.
During the appointment process, a large number of candidates were mentioned, including:
Speculation.
An early favorite for selection was New York Congresswoman Nita Lowey, who in the late 1990s had been planning a run for the 2000 Senate election, but had stepped aside once then-First Lady of the United States Clinton had decided to run for the office. But soon Lowey withdrew from consideration, as in the intervening years she had gained enough seniority to become one of the powerful "cardinals" on the House Appropriations Committee and did not want to relinquish that position. Another who withdrew from consideration was New York Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez.
Senator Schumer did not publicly indicate a preference, but reportedly favored Congresswoman Gillibrand.
The indication by Caroline Kennedy that she was possibly interested in being appointed drew the most media attention. Her family legacy (including that her uncle Robert F. Kennedy had previously held the seat) and star power was balanced against her inexperience in politics and elections. Her uncle Senator Ted Kennedy, in a battle with brain cancer, encouraged her to seek the position. On December 15, Kennedy indicated that she was definitely seeking the appointment, making phone calls to Paterson and other prominent Democrats. Kennedy and her uncle had backed Obama over Clinton at a crucial time in the long presidential nomination struggle, and some past Clinton supporters initially disparaged Kennedy's qualifications for the senate seat. But soon Clinton told her supporters not to stand in the way of a Kennedy selection; Clinton said she herself would have no public comments on any of the possible choices.
Public opinion polls showed that Kennedy and Cuomo were the two most popular choices of New York residents, with their large name recognition factors playing a role. Paterson faced a complex set of factors in making the choice. Women's groups were pressuring him to replace Clinton with another woman, while upstate groups were dissatisfied at their lack of representation in top-level statewide offices. Paterson's own gubernatorial election campaign could benefit from a Democratic star such as Kennedy in the senate race, which would help him raise money and increase voter enthusiasm, while the choice of Kennedy would also bolster his relations with the Obama administration. Whatever candidate is chosen would be faced with likely having to raise $35 million for the 2010 special election and then, if victorious, another $35 million for the 2012 regular election two years later.
By later in December, Kennedy had mounted a concerted effort to gain support around the state, and had made several trips and appearances as well. Kennedy's appointment was supported by Congresswoman Louise Slaughter, State Assemblyman Vito Lopez, New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg, former New York City Mayor Ed Koch and the "New York Post" editorial page. She received criticism for not voting in a number of Democratic primaries and general elections since registering in 1988 in New York City and also for not providing details about her political views. Kennedy declined to make disclosures of her financial dealings or other personal matters, stating that she would not release the information publicly unless she was selected by Paterson, at which time she would be subject to the same background checks as all appointees. Kennedy acknowledged that she was going to have to prove herself: "Going into politics is something people have asked me about forever. When this opportunity came along, which was sort of unexpected, I thought, `Well, maybe now. How about now?' have to work twice as hard as anybody else ... I am an unconventional choice ... We're starting to see there are many ways into public life and public service."
The apparent effort by Kennedy forces to make her appear the "inevitable" choice drew reports of resistance among Democratic officials, including Paterson himself. Kennedy has said she will not run for the seat in 2010 if she is not appointed by Paterson. In late December 2008, Kennedy drew criticism from several media outlets for lacking clarity in interviews, and for using the phrase "you know" 168 times during a 30 minute interview with NY1. At one point, there was speculation among Democratic Party officials that Paterson would make a caretaker appointment, meaning someone who would pledge to only serve the two years and not run in 2010. This would allow Paterson to avoid choosing among competing choices and give them a level playing field two years hence. Speculation even focused on former President Bill Clinton as the caretaker, but on New Year's Day Paterson seemed to indicate he was not inclined towards the idea: "In the United States Senate, the most effective senators are the ones that have seniority."
By early January 2009, Kennedy's support had dropped in public opinion polls, with 44 percent of New Yorkers saying they had a lesser impression of her since she began her campaign for the appointment, versus 23 percent having a better impression. A mid-January Quinnipiac University Polling Institute poll showed Cuomo 7 percentage points ahead of Kennedy in voter preference, and more voters than not thinking Kennedy was unqualified for the position. Paterson made all interested candidates submit lengthy vetting documents as part of their candidacy. An official of the League of Women Voters criticized Paterson for not making the vetting questions public. Paterson said he would announce his decision shortly after the Obama inauguration.
On January 22, 2009, after several conflicting reports, Kennedy released a statement withdrawing from consideration for the seat, citing personal reasons. The following day, further conflicting reports ensued over what the specific reason was for Kennedy's withdrawal, and whether or not Paterson would have picked her had she stayed in. Some of the reports were based on Paterson's office planting false stories with the press that Kennedy had serious problems with the hiring of a nanny or unpaid taxes.
Appointment.
On the same day that Kennedy dropped out, WPIX-TV and the "Albany Times Union" reported that Governor Paterson was expected to announce he was appointing Kirsten Gillibrand. The Governor made the official announcement of Gillibrand's appointment at a press conference in Albany on January 23, 2009.
By a month later, Paterson had conceded that his office had been responsible for leaks at the end of the appointment process, intended to contest the Kennedy camp's claim that she had been his first choice for the position. Paterson said, however, that he had not expected the level of attacks that ensued from his office at the time: “The things said about Caroline I found despicable and shocking and very painful. I never would have imagined removing the idea that this is my first choice meant a character assassination.”
Democratic primary.
The Democratic primary election was held on September 14, 2010.
Background.
Paterson's appointment of Gillibrand alienated Caroline Kennedy and Andrew Cuomo supporters as well as some key liberal Democratic ideological constituencies, and made it possible that the centrist Gillibrand would face a primary challenge in 2010. She did not have the full backing of the New York congressional delegation either, and one state Democratic operative said, "I think she's going to get a serious primary in 2010."
Carolyn McCarthy, formerly a colleague of Gillibrand's in the New York delegation to the United States House of Representatives, said that if Gillibrand was appointed, she would mount a primary campaign against her in 2010 if no other candidate who favored stricter gun control laws did so. McCarthy is known as a staunch advocate of gun control laws, after her husband was murdered in a 1993 commuter train shooting spree, while Gillibrand has been endorsed by the National Rifle Association. Gillibrand has also served as a lawyer for Philip Morris, Inc.
Despite the potential for a primary challenge, Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee chairman Bob Menendez, Senator from New Jersey, suggested that by the election, Gillibrand "will have convinced her fellow Democrats that she deserves their support." However, a February 2009 Quinnipiac University Polling Institute poll showed Gillibrand losing a hypothetical primary matchup to McCarthy, and Gillibrand was said to be worried that Governor Paterson's declining popularity would pull her down too. Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney and Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer were also seriously considering a primary challenge to Gillibrand, as was Long Island Congressman Steve Israel. In April 2009, Stringer formed an exploratory committee towards that end. Despite the possible challenges, by April 2009 Gillibrand had raised $2.3 million in campaign funds since joining the Senate.
In May 2009, Obama persuaded Israel to forsake a run, in the interests of not having a messy primary. Obama's intervention was largely at the request of Gillibrand patron Charles Schumer. However, Congresswoman Maloney indicated that she was still considering a primary challenge and that Israel's decision would not influence hers. Several days later, Stringer said he would not run either, for the same reasons as Israel. In the wake of their withdrawals, Congressman José Serrano considered running for a while.
In early June 2009, Congresswoman McCarthy took herself out of any run. McCarthy, who had raised only a small fraction of the amount of money Gillibrand had, said her declining was for personal reasons. Maloney, however, still seemed likely to run, and a conversation with Vice President Joe Biden did not change her mind. Several House Democrats from New York said that the White House's interventions to forestall a primary race had been unwise.
As July 2009 began, a senior advisor to Maloney indicated that the congresswoman definitely was in, saying "She's decided to run because she believes there needs to be a debate on the real issues and she wants to give New Yorkers a choice." However, after facing difficulties in hiring staff, and losing some longtime supporters and organizational support in preparation for a bid, Maloney backed out in August 2009.
In September 2009, a "New York Post" report that former Governor Eliot Spitzer was considering a Senate run were labeled "totally untrue" and "ridiculous" by Spitzer and his allies.
During 2009, Suffolk County legislature Majority Leader Jon Cooper seriously considered running against Gillibrand, but at the end of the year he opted out of running and endorsed Gillibrand instead.
Labor activist and 2006 Senate challenger Jonathan Tasini announced his candidacy as a Democratic opponent to Gillibrand in late 2009. Thereafter, however, he withdrew from the race, choosing instead to mount a primary challenge to Congressman Charles Rangel.
In January, 2010, the New York Times reported that former congressman Harold Ford Jr. of Tennessee was considering a primary challenge against Senator Kirsten Gillibrand. Ford moved to New York City after his unsuccessful senate run in Tennessee and currently works as a vice-president of Merrill Lynch. He is reportedly backed by several high-profile Democrats, prominent Democratic donors and Wall Street executives who are dissatisfied with Senator Gillibrand. The New York Times originally reported that New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg may support Ford in a primary challenge. They later reported however, that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid called Mayor Bloomberg to discuss the possibility of Bloomberg backing Ford but they reported that he assured the Majority Leader "that he was not personally involved in the effort to promote a Ford candidacy." Senator Schumer reportedly met with Ford to try and dissuade him from challenging Gillibrand but said the meeting had been planned months in advance. Ford has already drawn fire from liberal advocacy groups and Gillibrand supporters for being too conservative for the state citing his pro-life stance on abortion, support for gun rights, his previous opposition to same-sex marriage and pro-business stance. Ford has sought to portray himself as an independent voice for New Yorkers saying he won't be "intimidated or bullied" by "Albany and Washington." Gillibrands allies have sought to portray Ford as opportunistic and out of step with New York Democratic voters citing his conservative record as a Representative of a southern state in Congress and have denied intimidation efforts against Ford saying Gillibrands supporters “aren’t bullying, they’re informing New Yorkers.” .
The tussle was enough to bring renewed attempts to lure Congressman Steve Israel into reconsidering a race to represent liberal interests, but his spokesperson said, "The congressman appreciates the encouragement he's received to reconsider his decision regarding the U.S. Senate race in New York. That said, it's hard to imagine a scenario in which he'd re-enter the race." On March 1, Ford indicated that he would not in fact run. On July 14, 2010 New York City attorney Gail Goode delivered 45,000 petitions to the state Board of Elections in order to qualify for a slot on the Democratic line in the September 14 primary against Gillibrand.
Republican primary.
The Republican primary election was held on September 14, 2010.
Background.
King made his likely candidacy clear in December 2008, partly to mention that he was not challenging former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani as the latter was not in the running and partly to counter the wave of publicity for Caroline Kennedy. By January 2009, King was still deliberating over whether he would run, with the main factor being whether he could raise the estimated .</ref> 0 million he would need. National Republican Senatorial Committee Chair John Cornyn was said to support King, which could keep other Republican contenders out of play. However, Cornyn has reportedly met with former Governor George Pataki to discuss his potential candidacy, which other Republicans were advocating. In June 2009, due to an appointment to the House Intelligence Committee, King said he was much less likely to run. As August 2009 closed, King announced officially that he would not run, saying: "Senator Gillibrand generates neither strong support nor opposition. This makes it virtually impossible for me to raise the campaign funds I would need to overcome the built-in Democratic registration advantage and the countless millions of dollars which the Democrats will make available to Senator Gillibrand." In September 2009, Giuliani reiterated that he had no interest at all in running for the Senate seat, though, much like Andrew Cuomo's anticipated desire to run for governor, it did not stop speculation that Giuliani might change his mind, and by October 2009, speculation continued that Giuliani would run for the Senate seat, particularly if Cuomo ran for governor. On November 19, 2009, the "New York Daily News" reported Giuliani would not run for Governor, and in fact would run for the Senate for fill out the last two years of the Clinton term, then use that as a springboard for another presidential run. However, a Giuliani spokesperson quickly dismissed the notion that any such plan was in place, saying "When Mayor Giuliani makes a decision about serving in public office, he will inform New Yorkers on his own." On November 26, 2009, Mayor of Larchmont Liz Feld said she's considering running for the seat. 
In January 2010, Congressman Peter T. King said he was reconsidering running for the seat. Real estate magnate and publisher Mort Zuckerman was seriously considering a bid by February 2010. Nominally a Democrat, Zuckerman was more likely to run as a Republican or independent in order to avoid an expensive primary fight. But in early March, he indicated he would not run, saying he had not the time to do it. In April 2010, despite a Quinnipiac University Polling Institute result placing him five points ahead of Gillibrand in a potential matchup, Pataki removed himself from consideration. The former governor instead said he would instead run an organization dedicating itself to repealing the Affordable Care Act.
Bruce Blakeman, a former Nassau County legislator and losing candidate in the New York Comptroller election, 1998, was the first to enter the race, doing so in February 2010. On March 16, 2010, Former Congressman Joseph DioGuardi announced his entrance into the race, followed shortly by economist David Malpass. Blakeman and Malpass gained the requisite 25% of delegate votes at the state Republican convention in June 2010, with Blakeman gaining the majority of delegate votes to be the designated nominee; DioGuardi did not, despite leading in primary polls and having the Conservative Party endorsement. DioGuardi filed over 25,000 petitions to get onto the primary ballot and was eligible to compete against Blakeman and Malpass in the Republican primary.
Each candidate had an additional ballot line to run on regardless of whether they won the Republican primary; DioGuardi was backed by the Conservative Party of New York State, Malpass by Carl Paladino's Taxpayers Party of New York, and Blakeman by the Nassau County-based Tax Revolt Party. Malpass cleared the Taxpayers line after the primary loss and ceded it to DioGuardi, but Blakeman remained on the general election ballot as the TRP candidate.
General election.
Campaign.
Gillibrand, a former blue dog Democrat, claimed to be an independent thinker and takes a back seat to no one. She also released television advertising touting her experience as from upstate New York. DioGuardi criticized Gillibrand's recent photos in Vogue magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20743329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743329" title="Wainuiomata railway proposals">
Wainuiomata railway proposals

Multiple proposals have been made for a branch line railway to Wainuiomata as part of the Wellington commuter railway network. Despite strong local pressure at times during the 20th century, none of the proposals have come to fruition.
Background.
Wainuiomata is in an isolated valley separated from Petone and Lower Hutt by the Eastern Hutt hills. In the 19th and early 20th centuries this isolation made communication difficult and a railway was desired to provide more efficient access to the outside world. As roads improved and car ownership rates rose during the 20th century, this function of a proposed railway declined, but at the same time the population of Wainuiomata increased and commuters to Wellington desired a railway line. However, the terrain is not favourable for a railway. A line into Wainuiomata would require either a steep route over the hills, resulting in a slow journey, or a lengthy and costly tunnel. This geography has been the main contributing factor to the rejection of all proposals so far.
Proposals.
1870 proposal.
The first proposal for a railway to Wainuiomata came as part of a route for the Wairarapa Line across the Rimutaka Range. Four routes were surveyed, including one through Wainuiomata. It was suggested by a Mr Sinclair, who farmed in the area and claimed he knew a route over the Rimutakas. The line surveyed by John Rochfort and his party ran from Kaitoke, at the northern end of the Hutt Valley, across the Eastern Hutt Hills into the valley of the Wainuiomata River, which it followed before crossing into the valley of the Orongorongo River. To leave the Orongorongo River and reach the Wairarapa, the line had to follow a tributary stream to a height of approximately 344.5 m (1130 feet), from which it faced a sudden and insurmountable drop to the Wairarapa. Accordingly, the proposal was given no further consideration. The circuitous nature of the route via Kaitoke meant an abbreviated form of this proposal was never subsequently considered for a line to Wainuiomata.
1920s proposal.
In order to enhance links between the Hutt Valley and the Wainuiomata Valley, then under development, and to cater for the needs of expected future residential development in the Wainuiomata Valley, a tunnel between the two valleys was proposed in 1928. On 2 July, an internal Railways Department memorandum noted of the proposal, made by the mayor of Lower Hutt in a recent meeting with the department:
Preliminary negotiations with affected land owners were commenced in September. An agreement was entered into between the department and the development company on 1 October, which set out the terms of the project and made the following points:
In early 1929 the Railways Department encountered difficulties in trying to arrange for the acquisition of some of the required land from Morley & Co. Mr C. Morley had purchased the land while visiting New Zealand in 1927, and with a specific purpose for the land in mind was unwilling to exchange with the land sought by the department or be compensated for it. On being notified by the department that it intended to indefinitely postpone negotiations for the purchase of the affected land, Morley thanked them by letter on 23 May 1929 for their candour and advised that he intended to proceed with his intentions for the land.
Though planning work for another facet of the project, the widening of Park Road, continued for several months, it appears that by the following year work on the project had ceased.
1950s developments.
A missive from the District Engineer's Office in 1952 concerning the industrial development at Seaview also covered the possible future transport needs of the Wainuiomata Valley, which at the time had not long been under development as a residential and industrial area.
The District Engineer made the point that the floor of the Wainuiomata Valley was some 300 ft higher than that of the Hutt Valley, and he thus considered that it would be improbable for Wainuiomata to ever have a rail link. However, he did consider that the expected completion of the road tunnel then under construction would make for much easier road access into Wainuiomata. As the Hutt Valley portal of the tunnel was near Gracefield Station (off the end of Tunnel Grove), it would be prudent to consider the possibility of the increased importance of the Hutt Valley Industrial Line to serve Wainuiomata.
To this end, he suggested various works and railways facilities that would be required to handle this traffic, including:
1963 report.
Residential development of the Wainuiomata Valley had been happening only for about a decade when, in 1963, the New Zealand Geological Survey prepared a report for the Wellington City Council on options for a Wainuiomata rail link for consideration for a regional plan for Greater Wellington. There was no expectation at the time that road transport would be able to adequately serve the public transport needs of Wainuiomata, thus a rail link was considered to be a very real possibility.
Selecting a route was complicated by various considerations. The maximum permissible grade for a freight-carrying railway was about 1:40, which limited options for taking a line over the hills surrounding the valley. Such a line would have almost certainly required heavy earthworks and/or one or more short tunnels. The floor of the Wainuiomata Valley is some 350 ft higher than that of the Hutt Valley, so routes involving a tunnel through the hills were also limited. Both Woburn and Waterloo stations were rejected as possible junctions with a branch line, as they were considered to be too far from the hills.
The first route to be considered was a branch line from Epuni, climbing the side of the hills in the Hutt Valley, and passing through a tunnel near the present hill road before dropping into the Wainuiomata Valley. The ruling grade would have been about 1:60, and would possibly have required a second short tunnel to pass through a spur. Negative points for this option included the fact that it would have to pass through an appreciable amount of developed land, and a requirement for heavy earthworks.
The second and more favourable route would have started at Naenae, passed Taita Cemetery, around the head of Rata Street, through a spur by cutting or tunnel, then through the main tunnel at the head of Seddon Street. The ruling grade would have been about 1:45, but could have been reduced with more earthworks. Positive points for this option included the fact that it would have passed through less developed land, and would have had the secondary benefit of serving the industrial areas of Naenae and Taita.
1975 report.
On 4 August 1975, the Wainuiomata County Borough Council wrote to the Minister of Railways requesting that a feasibility study into a possible Waiuiomata – Hutt Valley rail link be conducted. Citing population growth in the Wainuiomata Valley and increasing traffic volumes, it proposed a line from the Hutt Industrial Branch (Gracefield Branch) to The Strand in Wainuiomata.
The line would be approximately 3 kilometres long, on a gradient of 1:40, and almost entirely in tunnel. It was expected that such a service would result in significant fuel savings by transferring passenger journeys that would have used road transport to rail, and would also reduce journey times for commuters between Wainuiomata and Wellington to no more than 30 minutes by avoiding traffic congestion.
Railways Department Projects Engineer R. S. Ryan produced a preliminary study on the proposal on 11 August which included estimates and more detail on issues such as expected patronage, service requirements, facilities, route, cost, and revenue. The report, using work done on the Auckland Rapid Transit project, assumed that six three-car electric multiple units, each with 300 passengers, would be required to meet peak-hour demand. In order to operate services at 15-minute intervals, some trains would consist of six cars, others three. Trains from Wainuiomata would run through to Wellington, connecting with Wairarapa trains at Ava and Petone.
Best Street and Bryan Heath Park were considered to be the most suitable sites for the terminus, being in the vicinity of several important routes through the valley, with the possibility of an extension to Moores Valley Road. A new station at Gracefield was recommended for access to the industrial and residential areas there.
The route would involve the completion of the “triangle” at the Woburn end of the Gracefield Branch to give direct access from Wellington to the branch line, avoiding the need to reverse from Woburn station. After crossing the Waiwhetu Stream and passing through Ministry of Works land between Hutt Park Road and Gracefield Road, the line would enter a tunnel at a grade of 1:40 and emerge at the terminus. This grade would need to be maintained for the entire distance between the Ministry of Works land and the terminus to ensure that the gradient did not exceed 1:40.
The report concluded that the project, while possible, would cost $30m to $35m (approximately $235m to $275m in 2008 prices), with operational and other costs of $760,000 per year and net revenue of $175,000 per year.
The Chief Civil Engineer responded to the Wainuiomata Council on 14 August refusing its request for a feasibility study, explaining that the department did not have sufficient resources, either financially or in personnel, to commit to the detailed study that would be required to determine the practicability of the proposal. Citing information from the preliminary report, he pointed out that at current fare levels such a service would run at a considerable loss, and he did not expect that it could be budgeted for within the next 10 years.
Following the rebuff from the Railways Department, the Council resolved at a meeting on 8 September to approach the Public Works Department with the same request for a feasibility study. Despite these efforts, no further work was undertaken on the proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="20743346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743346" title="Bačne">
Bačne

Bačne (in older sources also "Bačna", ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills south of the Poljane Sora Valley in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20743382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743382" title="Obongsan (Hwacheon/Chuncheon)">
Obongsan (Hwacheon/Chuncheon)

Obongsan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon and county of Hwacheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20743394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743394" title="Brebovnica">
Brebovnica

Brebovnica is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20743417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743417" title="August Christian Baumann">
August Christian Baumann

August Christian Baumann (25 May 1770 – 3 November 1831) was a Norwegian mine superintendent and politician.
Baumann was born in Bodenseich near Lüneburg in Germany. He came to Norway and Kristiania in his youth, and was hired as head dispenser at a pharmacy. Baumann eventually became acquainted with Bernt Anker, who recommended the study of mining. Baumann carried through the studies, and became a mine superindendent for Southeastern Norway. In 1816, when the Kongsberg Silver Mines were reopened, Baumann was elected as a member of the board of directors.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament in 1821, representing the constituency of Kongsberg. He met in parliamentary sessions whenever the regular member, Hans Wølner Kofoed, was unable to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20743454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743454" title="Płoska">
Płoska

Płoska - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship, a left tributary of the Supraśl River, with a length of 23,6 kilometres and the basin area of 216 km2. There is good river for rafting. The largest tributary is Świniobródka. 

</doc>
<doc id="20743480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743480" title="Image Packaging System">
Image Packaging System

The Image Packaging System, also known as IPS or pkg(5), is a cross-platform package management system created by the OpenSolaris community in coordination with Sun Microsystems. It is used by Solaris and a growing number of layered applications, including GlassFish, across a variety of OS platforms.
Features include:

</doc>
<doc id="20743481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743481" title="Gustav Christian Gjøs">
Gustav Christian Gjøs

Gustav Christian Gjøs (20 January 1810 – 29 June 1889) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1851, representing the constituency of Fredrikshald. He worked as a master painter in that city. He only served one term.
In 1833 he married Inger Kistine Petersen from Berg. They had several children.

</doc>
<doc id="20743487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743487" title="2008 Israeli tour bus crash">
2008 Israeli tour bus crash

The 2008 Israeli bus crash was a road accident in southern Israel on 16 December 2008 in which a coach carrying Russian tour operators left the road and plunged into a ravine, killing 25. It is the deadliest traffic accident in Israel's history.
The crash.
The coach was carrying 60 passengers, a group of Russian tour operators from St Petersburg from Ovda International Airport to the holiday resort of Eilat. The accident occurred when the bus driver, Edward Gelfond, attempted to overtake another bus on a steep, winding stretch of the road. The bus crashed through the roadside safety barrier and fell 60 metres down a slope, turning over several times. 
It was initially reported that 24 passengers had died; the figure later rose to 25. Another 33 people were hurt, including 23 in serious condition, and taken to Soroka Medical Center in Beersheba, Yoseftal Medical Center in Eilat and Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem.
Cause.
Gelfond, who survived the crash, claimed that something fell on him, causing him to lose control, though Minister of Transport and Road Safety Shaul Mofaz stated that there was a dispute between the two drivers and that the accident "was the result of the drivers' thuggery." However, the second bus driver Rami Vazana has claimed there was no dispute, and that Gelfond had just been attempting to overtake him. Israel Police have stated that it is too soon to place the blame on a dispute between the two bus drivers. It was later revealed that Gelfond had 22 prior traffic convictions, whilst initial reports suggested that he was speeding at the time of the accident, claims which Gelfond denied. Investigators discovered that the coach's tachograph was missing the disc used to record speed.
Gelfond was arrested immediately after being released from hospital. On 14 July 2009 he was charged with manslaughter, and in 2014 was sentenced to 8 years in prison.
Reaction.
Israeli Prime Minister, Ehud Olmert, expressed sorrow over the "horrific outcome". He and Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni conveyed condolences to the victims' families. A special emergency hotline began operating at the Jewish community center in St. Petersburg, and the Jewish Agency contacted the Russian embassy in Israel and offered to provide whatever assistance required by the families. The Foreign Ministry and the Israeli Tourism Ministry began operating a situation room aimed at facilitating the communication with the Russian embassy in Israel and the Russian government. Two Russian government planes took off to Israel, one carrying the victims' families and the other carrying doctors, medical equipment, psychologists and rescue teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20743493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743493" title="Cataract River">
Cataract River

Cataract River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20743504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743504" title="Ban (medieval)">
Ban (medieval)

The ban was a political and territorial institution in the Frankish kingdoms, meaning a grant of power to command men. Following its civil, military or religious meanings, it ended up as a metonym for territory where such a grant applied. When the public rights of assembly members came to be held by a family line, the ban was confused more or less (sometimes totally) with seigneurial power in the Middle Ages.
It related to the recognition of the rights of Christian communities organised by a specific political assembly, representative of free men adhering to this group. The king, anxious for the good evangelisation that the bishop and troops of monks guaranteed to him, participated in its foundation and granted it a generous financial and territorial basis from the fisc (i.e. from the vast royal lands). The territorial granted to the grand ban appeared in the 7th century at the borders of Austrasia and rapidly developed at the end of the Merovingian era.
Major aristocrats, whether in their duties as counts or dukes, or at the bans' initiative via their clientele networks, supervised or oversaw these semi-autonomous entities, highly reinforcing their spiritual and temporal power. A secular economic life developed around the monasteries, and their founders' families were also buried there, with both developments turning them into sacred sites, perpetuating the hierarchy of the episcopal city and the harmony of the dioceses from the Late Roman Empire. Troubles and rivalries between these new semi-autonomous princes and their bands of troops, along with the development of fiefdoms brought about a collapse of the Late Roman structures and of those of the first kingdom of the Franks.

</doc>
<doc id="20743543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743543" title="Croatia–Spain relations">
Croatia–Spain relations

Croatia–Spain relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Spain. Both countries established diplomatic relations on March 9, 1992. Croatia has an embassy in Madrid and 4 honorary consulates (in Barcelona, Palma de Mallorca, Pamplona and Seville). Spain has an embassy in Zagreb and 2 honorary consulates (in Dubrovnik and Split). The two nations enjoy largely positive relations.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe and NATO, and with Croatia's accession on 1 July 2013 both countries will be full members of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20743550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743550" title="Edward Pelham Brenton">
Edward Pelham Brenton

Captain Edward Pelham Brenton (20 July 1774 – 13 April 1839) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars who military career was relatively quiet, apart from involvement in the capture of Martinique in 1809. Brenton became famous in the aftermath of the war, when he published the "Naval History of Great Britain from the Year 1783 to 1822" in 1823. The book was popular, but Brenton was criticised at the time and since for his failure to distinguish between fact and rumour as well as his partisan political leanings. In Brenton's later life, he was heavily involved in charitable enterprises in the poorer areas of London with mixed success.
Naval career.
Brenton was born in 1774 in Rhode Island to Admiral Jahleel Brenton and his wife Henrietta. His elder brother, also named Jahleel, later became a celebrated naval commander and admiral. The Brenton's were American loyalists and emigrated to Britain during the American War of Independence, where Edward joined the Royal Navy in 1788 aged 14. In the Navy, Brenton spent time serving in the East Indies and the Channel Fleet, being promoted to lieutenant in 1795 and serving in the North Sea and off Newfoundland until 1802, when he was promoted to commander. In 1802 he was captain of the 18-gun ship-sloop "Lark", taking her from Jamaica to the Channel. In 1803 he married Margaret Cox (daughter of General Thomas Cox) and had many children. 
At the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars in 1803, Brenton was given command of the small brig HMS "Merlin", in which he operated in the English Channel, burning the wreck of HMS "Shannon" near Barfleur to prevent its seizure by the French in the same year. In January 1805, Brenton took command of the brig HMS "Amaranthe" in the North Sea and in 1808 moved to the West Indies, where he distinguished himself in an attack on a small French convoy off Martinique on 13 December. Promoted to post captain for this operation, Brenton briefly took temporary command of the post ship (May to September 1810), HMS "Pompee", and then HMS "Belleisle", before being confirmed in his brother's previous ship HMS "Spartan" in 1810. "Spartan" served in the War of 1812, although without participating in any actions, and Brenton was placed in reserve in 1813, returning briefly to service in 1815 before retiring permanently.
Historical career.
Following his time in the Navy, Brenton became a keen if controversial historian, publishing his five volume "Naval History of Great Britain from the Year 1783 to 1822" in 1823 and the "Life and Correspondence of John, Earl of St. Vincent" in 1838. Breton's works were controversial, because he rarely attempted to sift fact from rumour, provoking an outcry from those affected by these, often inaccurate, revelations. Particularly scathing of Brenton was William James, whose alternative history of the naval campaigns of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars was published in 1827. James was a political rival of Brenton and a civilian who had never served in the Navy, and the men exchanged very public disagreements over points of fact.
Brenton's other passion was for charitable works, publishing many pamphlets and setting up schemes to aid the poor, particularly the "Society for the Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners" and the "Children's Friend Society", neither of which achieved their aims and provoked criticism of Brenton's methods. This experience left him bitter in the years approaching his death in April 1839 at his home in York Street, London. He was buried at St Marylebone Parish Church with his wife and 100 boys of the Children's Friend Society among the mourners.

</doc>
<doc id="20743592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743592" title="Bukov Vrh, Gorenja Vas–Poljane">
Bukov Vrh, Gorenja Vas–Poljane

Bukov Vrh (in older sources also "Sveta Sobota", ) is a dispersed settlement above Poljane nad Škofjo Loko in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Our Lady of Sorrows, locally known as Holy Sabbath Church (). It was originally a gothic structure but was rebuilt and expanded in 1739.

</doc>
<doc id="20743598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743598" title="Chile–Croatia relations">
Chile–Croatia relations

Chile–Croatia relations are foreign relations between Chile and Croatia. Both countries established diplomatic relations on April 15, 1992. Chile has an embassy in Zagreb and honorary consulates in Rijeka and Split. Croatia has an embassy in Santiago and honorary consulates in Antofagasta and Punta Arenas.
The Senate of Chile has awarded Croatian President Stjepan Mesić an order of merit, to honor the improvement of bilateral relations between Croatia and Chile. While representing Chile, senate vice president Baldo Prokurica stated that he found areas for stronger collaboration in future in oil and gas research and shipyards and he expressed an interest in Chilean students' having scholarships in Croatia.
It is officially accepted that there are up to 380,000 Chileans of Croatian descent (who clearly identify themselves as Chilean-Croats). Even though the number may be much higher with some demographic analysts estimating a figure of 750,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20743601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743601" title="Mitchell River National Park (Western Australia)">
Mitchell River National Park (Western Australia)

Mitchell River National Park is a national park in the Kimberley region of Western Australia (Australia), northeast of Perth. The park adjoins the northern boundary of the Prince Regent Nature Reserve. The nearest towns are Derby which is to the southwest and Wyndham which is to the southeast. Access to the park is achieved by 4WD only along the Mitchell Plateau Track from the Kalumburu Road. The two main features of the park are Mitchell Falls and Surveyors Pool.
Environment.
The park is biologically significant and contains over 50 species of mammal, 220 birds and 86 amphibians and reptiles, including the Saltwater Crocodile, King Brown snake and Taipan. The park is part of the Prince Regent and Mitchell River Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for a range of bird species, especially those retricted to tropical savanna habitats.
History and management.
The park is located within the Ngauwudu Management Area. The park was formed in 2000 without the consent of the traditional owners or following proper procedure under the "Native Title Act". It seems that Native Title has not been determined yet over this area, which falls into the Wanjina Wunggurr Uungguu but on adjacent country. The Department of Environment and Conservation is in a cooperative management arrangement with the Kandijwal Community. Three groups of Aboriginal people have traditional lands within the National Park; Worrora, Wunambal-Gaambera and Ngarinyin.

</doc>
<doc id="20743615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743615" title="Sabah Science Secondary School">
Sabah Science Secondary School

Sabah Science Secondary School also known as Sekolah Menengah Sains Sabah (SMESH) in Malay, is a prominent cluster boarding school in East Malaysia established since 1978 but fully operational on 1 January 1984. Previously known as Sekolah Berasrama Penuh Sabah (SBPS), it was the pioneer of boarding school project in Sabah and Sarawak and was built on land near Kinabalu Golf and Country Club. The school is graded as A -- cluster type school and ranked as No.1 School in Sabah by the Ministry of Education, while school's administrator benefits number of autonomy powers from the status. 
In May 2011, Deputy Prime Minister cum Minister of Education announced SM Sains Sabah is enlisted as Nation's High Performance School (Sekolah Berprestasi Tinggi) status. SBT status allocates additional autonomy powers to pursue innovation in school management and raise the productivity of students. The benefits include fixing the minimum periods for subject, extending schooling hours and allowing students to complete their studies a year earlier. A lump sum grant would be channelled to the schools at the beginning of each year and that they would have the full flexibility to spend as needed and were exempted from the ministry’s centralised procurement system. In the recent PMR examination (2013), the school managed to produce 70 straight A's student out of 130 students with GPS 1.12 to became the second best school in Sabah.
History.
Sekolah Berasrama Penuh (SBP) is a cluster of elite boarding schools modeled after English Boarding School. Enrollment to these schools are subjected to pupils with excellent public examinations result (5A for UPSR and 7A for PMR) as well as in co-curricular activities. Effective from year 2007, admission to this school requires all eligible prospective students to seat aptitude test to be conducted by the school in order to determine students objectiveness and tendency towards learning process in boarding school that often associated with highly competitive environment. On the first January 1984, SMESH began fully operational and became the first ever boarding school built in Sabah and Sarawak. Mr. Mohd. Radzwan Mohd Yusof was the earliest person in charge with administration and students enrollment based at Bahagian Sekolah-sekolah, Jabatan Pendidikan Sabah. The first group of students were selected around Sabah and registered as Science student at Teacher Room on 26 May 1984. Meanwhile, the enrollment of National University of Malaysia (UKM) matriculation students began in 1986.
Traditions and Pride.
On the Appreciation Night, number of outstanding schools will be acknowledged and awarded by Ministry of Education. The event mostly attended by notable Alumni many of whom are prominent figures from outstanding companies in Malaysia and doing excel in political field. Besides the long tradition night, SMESH has the long tradition value of merit and demerit system for every houses. Each of students are member of they respected houses. The house system is to be distinguished from Sport houses but are dominantly resembling fraternity house. Formerly, there were five houses but later reduced to four houses named after Sabah prominent Statesmen. To be prepared with necessary leadership skills, all Head of House attend Ministry's Leadership course known as Kursus Ketua Rumah Sekolah Berasrama Penuh (KESUMA).
Sekolah Berprestasi Tinggi.
In May 2011, Deputy Prime Minister cum Minister of Education, Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin announced Sekolah Menengah Sains Sabah has been awarded a Sekolah Berprestasi Tinggi status, in addition to Cluster school status awarded to the school before. To gain such an award, a school must perform ouststandingly in fields set by the Ministry of Education. Among the fields are:
Innovations.
Being one of the four schools in Malaysia ranked as 5 star ICT status, the school administration and learning process are widely integrated with the usage of ICT. Students' academic result, for instance,can be accessed from the internet. All academic resources and holidays homeworks are sometimes done through Think Portal. While day-to-day school's management are run through Sistem Pengurusan Sekolah Online. To encourage students engagements with ICT, the school's policy allows student to bring their own laptop but prohibited to use them in hostels, except if a permission is given by any warden on duty and may use free Wi-Fi service provided by the school. Most parts of the school are covered by wi-fi hotspots, but not all of them are regularly working due to the managements problem of the school.To date there are 11 hotspots installed namely Academic Buildings, Boys and Girls hostel, canteen, Hall, Balai Hinggap and Anjung Warisan. As part of security measure, the school is installed with CCTV and linked into Server Room and Senior Assistant of Students' Affairs room for surveillance purposes.
Achievements.
The school has achieved 100% pass rate for SPM and PMR examinations where some of the former students received scholarship awards from Jabatan Perkhidmatan Awam (JPA), Majlis Amanah Rakyat (MARA), Petronas, Telekom Malaysia, Shell Malaysia, Yayasan Sabah and other overseas scholarship. It also won awards from various government agencies, among them are Anugerah Kualiti Menteri Pelajaran, Anugerah Sekolah Rakan Alam Sekitar (SERASI), Anugerah Sekolah Harapan Negara, Smart School, Champion of National Robotic Competition and The Most Active and highest User Think.com Award. On 10 March 2010, the school retains its championship in Kota Kinabalu Schools Sports Council Track and Field Meet by winning a total of 21 gold, 10 silver and 7 bronze medals during the three-day event. In the previous year, SMESH hauled a total of 26 gold, 15 silver and 11 bronze medals and emerged as the overall champions of the fifth edition of the Kota Kinabalu South MSSD Track and Field Championship .
In 2010, SMESH emerged as the best and top school in Sabah with an average grade of 2.22 for SPM 2009, ahead from close rival, SM Sains Lahad Datu. Earlier in January, three out of four Form 3 classes scored straight A's in PMR, the highest-ever number of achievers and ranked as No.1 School in Sabah. The school, for over the years has consistently develops human character buildings through five ethos introduced initially by the then principal Rossminah Yamin. However, in 2007 the school suffered severe setback in academic achievements where number of straight A's SPM student drastically reduced. The dismissal performance was however, revealed in the post-mortem, due to school involvement with many non-academic competitions and lack of academic consultation between teachers and students. In 2008, the controversial but effective principal Rossminah Yamin was transferred to Sekolah Menengah Sains Kuala Selangor and succeeded by current principal Tuan Haji Zaini Zair.
In 2011, SMESH again emerged as the best boarding school in Sabah after the school performance in SPM 2010 recorded increment from 2.22 to 2.14 GPS, the best year ever recorded. The GPS indicator is widely used as a national school performance indicator endorsed by the Ministry of Education. However, year 2011 saw slightest drop in PMR result where out of 5 classes, only 2 classes scored Straight A's, thus no longer retaining the position as the best school in Sabah for PMR, coming second behind SM Sains Lahad Datu. Apart from academic achievements, the school is certified by Auditor-General of Malaysia with Sijil Tanpa Teguran or Unqualified Certificate where the auditor is completely satisfied with the true and fairness of financial statements. At the moment, the school is thoroughly audited by SIRIM for MS ISO 9001:2008 certification.

</doc>
<doc id="20743641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743641" title="Bettinaschule">
Bettinaschule

The () is a "Gymnasium" in Frankfurt am Main (Westend), Germany.
The eponym is Bettina von Arnim (1785–1859). The school has approximately 71 teachers and 1,028 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20743679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743679" title="Werner Lihsa">
Werner Lihsa

Werner Lihsa (born 3 June 1943) is a former East Germany international goalkeeper. He played for Berliner FC Dynamo and 1. FC Union Berlin as well as the East Germany national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20743685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743685" title="1965 Texas Longhorns football team">
1965 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1965 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1965 college football season.
Regular season.
Tommy Nobis was in his final year at Texas and was known an iron man, playing (and starting) on both defense and offense for his entire college career. Aside from being an All-American linebacker, he also played guard on the offensive side of the ball and was often the primary blocker on touchdown runs. Famed Texas coach Darrell K. Royal called him "the finest two-way player I have ever seen." A knee injury slowed him during the latter part of his senior season, but he still was able to perform at a high level and won a number of major individual awards including the Knute Rockne Award, best lineman, the Outland Trophy, best interior lineman, and the Maxwell Award for college football’s best player. Nobis also finished seventh in the Heisman voting to USC’s Mike Garrett. He appeared on the covers of "LIFE", "Sports Illustrated" and "TIME" magazines.
Schedule.
The Longhorns finished the regular season with a 6-4-0 record. 
Game notes.
Oklahoma.
Texas' eight straight win in the Red River series.
1965 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20743715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743715" title="Čabrače">
Čabrače

Čabrače is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Gorenja Vas–Poljane in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Gertrude (). An older gothic structure but was rebuilt in the early 18th century when the belfry was also added.

</doc>
<doc id="20743726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743726" title="Alan Murray (golfer)">
Alan Murray (golfer)

Alan Albert Murray (born 17 June 1940) is an Australian professional golfer.
Murray was born in Sydney. He played golf worldwide, winning more than 60 tournaments including the 1962 French Open, the 1961 Australian PGA Championship and the 1967 Australian Wills Masters. He was the 1961 Australian PGA Order of Merit winner. In his only start in a major championship, he finished tied for 19th in the 1964 Open Championship.
Murray represented Australia in the 1967 World Cup at Mexico City.
Murray is a Life Member of the PGA of Australia since 2005 and a co-founder, former president and Life Member of the Singapore PGA.
Murray is now the principal director of Champions Golf Academy, and has been coaching players of all standards in South East Asia for the past 36 years.
Murray is on the List of Old Falconians, who are the alumni of North Sydney Boys High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="20743744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743744" title="VG-1">
VG-1

VG-1 is a B cell line which was derived from primary effusion lymphoma (PEL) . It was first established in 2000 by David T. Scadden’s group at Massachusetts General Hospital. It is infected with Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV), but negative with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) .

</doc>
<doc id="20743785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743785" title="ATP São Paulo">
ATP São Paulo

The ATP São Paulo (usually referred to as the "Banespa Open") is a defunct men's tennis tournament that was played on ATP Tour from 1991-1993. The event was held in São Paulo, Brazil and was played on clay. The tournament was a replacement for the ATP Itaparica which finished in 1990.
Two Brazilians reached the singles final, Luiz Mattar in 1992, and Jaime Oncins, who reached the final in 1991 and 1992 but lost on both occasions. 

</doc>
<doc id="20743794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743794" title="Lithuanian army equipment">
Lithuanian army equipment

Since November 19, 1992, the army of the Lithuanian Armed Forces has been working towards modernisation and adopting NATO-compatible equipment and replacing the equipment that it inherited from the Soviet Union.
List of weapons used by the army:

</doc>
<doc id="20743796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743796" title="Weeper">
Weeper

The Weeper is the name of two comic book supervillains, originally published by Fawcett Comics and today owned by DC Comics. The original Weeper first appeared in "Master Comics" #23 in February 1942.
The arch-foe of Bulletman and Bulletgirl, the Weeper is capable of the most brutal of murders, but sheds tears for his victims; he hates to see people happy but feels bad after he hurts them. The Weeper wears a blue opera cape, a top hat, and carries a small walking stick and tear gas bombs. He also drives a hearse and is accompanied by his henchman, the Bittermen.
Fictional character biography.
Weeper I.
Formerly known as the "Crying Clown" or "Weeping Willie," Mortimer Gloom is fired for dishonesty from his work as a circus performer. Sometime afterward, he commits several acts of revenge. He then takes on the name, the Weeper. 
The Weeper sends letters and visits a number of families telling them tragic news. He tells one family their son has died in the war. Another family, the father is fired from his job after years of dutiful service. Another family, he tells the husband his business has burned to the ground. Later, the families discover that the Weeper has lied to them. The Weeper tells these lies so he could either case the families' homes for robbery, or they would lead him to where they hid their valuable possessions.
The Weeper puts an ad in the paper looking for men who feel life has given them a raw deal. A lot of men reply to the ad. He interviews them all and picks ten of the saddest men. He calls them the Bittermen. The Weeper along with the Bittermen, sets out to make the lives of other people very unhappy. 
They start by riding through a parade in a hearse and tossing tear gas into the crowd. This causes a stampede which kills a great many people. The Weeper drives through the street littered with dead bodies weeping at that horrible tragedy.
The Weeper and the Bittermen commit a series of ghastly acts. He succeeds in capturing Bulletgirl. However Bulletman is able to save her and the Weeper is apparently drowned.
Sometime after being defeated by Bulletman and Bulletgirl, the Weeper returns and looks to gather his Bittermen back together. One of them refuses, saying he makes enough money now to choke a horse and he is very happy. The Weeper replies, saying he hates to hear that people are happy. The next day, the man is found dead after having choked on his wad of money. 
The Weeper then shows his other Bittermen the newspaper account of what has happened. Fearing for their lives they join his group again. The Weeper is later betrayed by one of them. 
The Weeper is a founding member of the Revenge Syndicate. The Revenge Syndicate is started by the Murder Prophet and joined by the Weeper and the Black Rat. At first, they are at odds with each one wanting to be the chief of the group. The Weeper comes up with the idea that they roll dice to see who would be chief, the person with the highest roll would go first; the person with the second highest would go second; and the person with the third highest would go third. 
The Murder Prophet wins the first roll. His plan is to rob an art museum, by pretending to be a visitor, with the aid of the Black Rat emerging from the sewer with a machine gun. Bulletman and Bulletgirl stop them, but they escape. 
The Weeper goes second. His plan is for the Murder Prophet to pretend to be a psychic at a carnival after kidnapping the real psychic. The Murder Prophet tells a rich woman to move her money so it will not be stolen. They are going to steal the money while it is being moved. Bulletman and Bulletgirl stop them after realizing their plot. They lift the car the villains are in and throw it in a lake. The Black Rat is thrown in also, and saves the Murder Prophet and the Weeper. 
The three realize that Bulletman has always thwarted their plans, and they need to eliminate him if they ever want to succeed. The Black Rat meets several criminals, who agree to pay $100,000 if he gets rid of Bulletman.
The Black Rat goes third. His plan is to send out a radio broadcast to lure Bulletman to an abandoned shack. They set up a dummy of the Black Rat. Bulletman and Bulletgirl go inside the shack. The Revenge Syndicate goes inside and beats up Bulletman. To their surprise, Bulletman has set up a dummy of his own. Bulletman and Bulletgirl beat them up and a fire is started when the radio is broken.
The Weeper returns as few months later, on Thanksgiving Day, and is captured by Bulletman, Bulletgirl and their new ally Bulletdog.
Weeper II.
At some point between 1942 and 1946, the Weeper dies and is replaced by his son—the second Weeper. In 1946, Bulletgirl and her friend Mary Marvel fight the second Weeper and Dr. Riddle. The second Weeper says, "My father, the true Weeper, is dead -- Sob! But I am carrying on with his name!" They first try to hang Bulletgirl in her civilian identity of Susan Kent after surprising her and pulling her up with a noose and the Weeper tries to stab her also, but Mary Marvel stops them as she was with Susan when the villains attacked. The villains escape while Mary frees Susan from the noose and she changes to Bulletgirl, however a riddle left behind allows the two to track the villains to an abandoned asylum on the outskirts of town. The Weeper saw Bulletgirl outside, but Riddle said that was part of his plan. First the Weeper went into another room with a straitjacket while Riddle waited for Bulletgirl. Bulletgirl knocked Riddle over, not noticing the Weeper moving towards her. The Weeper placed the straitjacket on her from behind just after she decided to look for him. Then with Riddle's help she was tied to a chair and gagged. The two villains then tell Bulletgirl they know that Mary is here also. Mary was lured in when she decided to look for Bulletgirl and stopped from speaking with a hose. While binding and gagging her, the Weeper talked about how he wept for Mary. The two villains carried the two heroines into a cell which they made airtight, and left. Bulletgirl was able to remove Mary's gag with her helmet, allowing her to transform into Mary Marvel, free Bulletgirl, and break open a cell wall. The two superheroines found a riddle in the asylum and deciphered it, showing the duo were planning to rob a plane carrying gold bullion, and one of them would wait on the ground as the gold would be dropped. Mary Marvel flies after the plane after Riddle has knocked out the two pilots. Dr Riddle is able to escape from the plane by parachute as Mary saves the plane, and knock out Bulletgirl by landing on her just as she has met Weeper II, but Mary Marvel then captures him and Bulletgirl gets the Weeper. They are then jailed.
The second Weeper teams up with the Earth-Two version of the Joker during King Kull's plan to wipe out humanity on three Earths. Members of Earth-One's Justice League and Earth-Two's Justice Society of America travel to Earth-S and meet Shazam's Squadron of Justice--Bulletman and Bulletgirl, Mister Scarlet and Pinky the Whiz Kid, Ibis the Invincible and the Spy Smasher.
The Joker teaches the Weeper his style of committing crimes on Earth-S, stealing jewels and transforming people into different materials, with his trademark grin, although the Weeper can't understand why the Joker laughs about crime. They are stopped by the Earth-Two Batman, the Earth-Two Robin, Mister Scarlet and Pinky, who follow a trail left by jewels on the pavement. Robin is unaffected by the Weeper's tear gas because he is wearing contact lenses and the villains are imprisoned.

</doc>
<doc id="20743812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743812" title="Banespa Open">
Banespa Open

Banespa Open was a commercial name of men's tennis tournaments in Brazil in late 1980s and early 1990s:

</doc>
<doc id="20743815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743815" title="V V S Foundation">
V V S Foundation

V. V. S. Foundation (Valeru Venkata Subbaiah Foundation) is a Non-Governmental Organization that promotes education in the rural areas of Prakasam District, Andhra Pradesh, India. The Foundation was started in 2003 with the motive of encouraging and promoting education standards among rural students.
The foundation runs a tuition center for children who cannot afford to go to private schools, as well as conducting various competitions aimed at educational improvements, such as quizzes, talent tests, and elocution, painting, essay writing, and song and dance competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20743818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743818" title="Johan Gjøstein">
Johan Gjøstein

Johan David Haslund Gjøstein (5 January 1866 – 1935) was a Norwegian educator, newspaper editor and politician.
Personal life.
Johan Gjøstein was born at Hystad, Stord as the son of teacher Amund Vikingsen Gjøstein (1820–1873) and his wife Anne Munthe Olsen (1826–1901). He was the younger brother of politician and educationalist Ole Georg Gjøsteen.
Johan Gjøstein was married to Anna Gjøstein, an early women's rights pioneer and socialist politician.
Career.
Johan Gjøstein completed his teacher's education in Stord in 1884, and was hired as a primary school teacher in Stavanger the same year. He left after one year, but returned in 1890. Parallel with his teaching position, he worked as a newspaper editor for six years. He founded the small, handwritten newspaper "1ste Mai" in 1895. The newspaper only lasted for eight issues, but returned on 30 September 1899 and still exists. Gjøstein sat as editor from 1899 to 1906. In 1909 Gjøstein left his teaching position to become headmaster. He supported the idea of the comprehensive school, of which his brother was one of the foremost proponents in Norway, to the point of being called "the father of the comprehensive school in Norway".
In 1898 Johan Gjøstein was elected for the first time to the city council of Stavanger. He then served in the executive committee from 1901 to 1910, and as mayor from 1911 to 1912. After this he continued as a regular council member until 1931. In 1913 he was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament, representing the Labour Party. He was re-elected in 1916 and 1919.
In December 1921 Gjøstein was appointed school director of the dioceses of Agder and Stavanger. In the same year, a faction of the Labour Party broke away to form the Social Democratic Labour Party, due to disagreements over the Labour Party involvement in Comintern and adaption of the Twenty-one Conditions. Gjøstein followed the breakaway faction, and was elected for the Social Democratic Labour Party in 1922, representing the Market towns of Vest-Agder and Rogaland counties. This was his final term in Parliament.
In Stavanger, Gjøstein was a member of the board of the local electricity works, the museum, the school board. He chaired the local Labour Party chapter for some time, and co-founded several trade union. He was a member of several national political committees, including the committee that planned the Sørland Line. He was also a deputy board member of the Bank of Norway.
He left the position as school director on 1 January 1935, and died in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20743859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743859" title="Ctrl.Alt.Shift">
Ctrl.Alt.Shift

Ctrl.Alt.Shift was an initiative politicising a new generation of activists for social justice and global change. It was a project of UK aid and development charity Christian Aid.
Magazine and Website.
Ctrl.Alt.Shift was founded by Katrin Owusu and published the first issue of its magazine in June 2008. The magazines continued until 2010 and the website until mid-2011. It has published issues focusing on 'HIV & Stigma' and 'Gender & Power'. The magazine was edited by blogger and columnist Chantelle Fiddy who also helped edit the website. The website featured regular columnists and staff writers such as Dwain Lucktung, Eva Baker, Russell Myrie and Bibi van der Zee alongside user-generated content.
Direct Action.
In November 2008, Ctrl.Alt.Shift launched the 'Nothing to Declare' project – a series of demonstrations with the intention of exposing the stigma created by HIV travel bans. The project was co-organised by activist pressure group Plane Stupid, with grime star Tinchy Stryder lending his support outside the Russian embassy. The protests targeted the London embassies of Russia, South Korea and Saudi Arabia, and were covered by CNN. On 8 March 2009, International Women's Day, Ctrl.Alt.Shift marched through Guildhall in London to raise awareness of the 50 million women missing in India due to female foeticide.
Cultural interventions.
Ctrl.Alt.Shift garnered widespread media attention for its involvement in a number of arts-based cultural interventions, each of which has focused on a different area of social injustice in developing countries.
Sadler's Wells 'HIV/Aids and Stigma' Dance Event.
In November 2008, it held a showcase of dance, film and music based on the stigma surrounding HIV/Aids at Sadler's Wells, London. Nitin Sawhney and Carlos Acosta were mentors and there was a performance by JME of Boy Better Know.
VICE 'Gender, Poverty and Power' Photo Competition.
In early 2009 a photo competition run in conjunction with VICE magazine focused on Gender, Poverty and Power. Nan Goldin acted as an ambassador and Alexa Chung, Alex Sturrock, Ben Rayner, and Andy Capper were mentors. The winners were exhibited in February at the Association of Photographers in London.
BALTIC 'Conflict: War & Peace' Art Exhibition.
In March 2009, Ctrl.Alt.Shift launched an art exhibition at BALTIC which focused on war and conflict in Colombia and Latin America as a whole. The exhibition took place over two floors of the building and featured work produced by 12 students and recent graduates from Newcastle University's LifeWorkArt programme. It also featured specially commissioned works from south London photo-artist Matthew Stone and installation artist Graham Hudson, who acted as project mentors. Urban sculptor and photographer T-Magic, street artist Benjamin Wachenje and BALTIC freelance artists, Alison Unsworth and Paul Merrick also featured, and David Shrigley was Creative Ambassador.
Short Film Project.
On 14 May 2009, Ctrl.Alt.Shift premiered five short films: "1000 Voices", "HIV: The Musical", "Man Made", "No Way Through" and "War School". The films were directed by 7 young, talented, up and coming film makers; Tim Travers Hawkins, Joe Patrick & Tim Woodall, Fern Berresford, Ben Newman and Shelia Menon & Alex Monro who were helped out by established directors Aoife McArdle, Chris Harding from Shynola, Kinga Burza, Paul Andrew Williams and Jim Threapleton. The films were scored by the likes of Young Knives, The Thirst, Chipmunk, Shy Child, Metronomy, Denis Jones and Jesca Hoop, and featured performances from Adam Buxton, Julian Barratt and Martin Freeman. The poster art for the films was featured in Creative Review.
"Ctrl.Alt.Shift Unmasks Corruption".
"Ctrl.Alt.Shift Unmasks Corruption" is a comics anthology edited by Paul Gravett, which features short graphical stories looking at examples of corruption in the real world. It includes contribution by comics creators like Pat Mills. An exhibition is being held at the Lazarides gallery in London to mark the launch and will included examples of misguided attempts to produce worthy comic books.

</doc>
<doc id="20743867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743867" title="1964 Texas Longhorns football team">
1964 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1964 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1964 college football season. The Longhorns finished the season as Orange Bowl champions. In the 1965 Orange Bowl, Tommy Nobis made one of the most famous tackles in the game's history. On fourth-and-inches, and clinging to a 21–17 lead, he led his teammates to a game-saving halt of top ranked Alabama's quarterback, Joe Namath. 
Schedule.
A heart-breaking 1-point loss to arch-rival Arkansas at Texas Memorial Stadium kept the Longhorns from repeating as National Champions. The Longhorns finished the regular season with a 9–1–0 record and defeated No 1 ranked Alabama in the 1965 Orange Bowl, 21–17.
1964 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20743893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743893" title="Brunswick State Railway Company">
Brunswick State Railway Company

The Brunswick State Railway Company ("Braunschweigische Landes-Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft") or BLE was a railway company in the Duchy of Brunswick, a former German state centred on the city of Brunswick (German: "Braunschweig").
It was founded on 27 June 1884 by the Frankfurt bank of "Erlanger & Söhne" and "Gebrüder Sulzbach" with the aim of building and operating railways of secondary importance in the Duchy of Brunswick and the adjoining territories.
The Brunswick State Railway Company is not the same as the Duchy of Brunswick State Railway or the Brunswick Railway Company which did not exist when the BLE was founded.
History.
In its first two decades it built a total of 108 kilometres of standard gauge railways. They provided rail access for about 50 commercial firms and around one hundred warehouses in the city of Brunswick using a ring railway. The BLE lines also opened up the largely agricultural areas around this Residenz city as far as the foothills of the Harz. In this area the transportation of potash, which was mined there, played an important role for the railways and continued to do so until the 1920s.
The departure point for the Braunschweig–Derneburg railway, the first BLE line, built on 18 July 1886, was Braunschweig Nord railway station, where the management and centre of operations was based. From here it ran to Braunschweig West (Wilhelmithor) and southwards to Hoheweg, where on 17 October 1886 a 4 km long branch to Wolfenbüttel turned off. The main line swung westwards and reached Derneburg station on the Hildesheim–Goslar railway via Lichtenberg and Osterlinde in what later became the Salzgitter industrial estate.
In the years that followed the Derneburg–Seesen railway from Derneburg – which again ran southwards – reached Bockenem in the Nette valley on 27 May 1887, Groß Rhüden on 1 October 1887 and finally the railway hub of Seesen on 1 May 1889. Apart from the construction of the northern section there was now a pause of about a decade. During this time the network was expanded with short link lines – some only for goods traffic – on 1 September 1886 from Braunschweig West station to the Hauptbahnhof and by turning the BLE stations into state railway stations on 1 January 1890 at Seesen and on 20 September 1890 at Wolfenbüttel.
On 11 November 1901 the line was opened from Braunschweig Nord via Gliesmarode (West) to Gliesmarode Ost, where the route of the newly built Braunschweig-Schöningen Railway (BSE) began, initially opened for goods traffic but from 15 February 1902 for passenger services as well. At first the BSE's trains started and terminated at the BLE's Nordbahnhof as well.
In Gliesmarode "Schuntertalbahn" branched off, forming a link to the "Lehrter Bahn". It was opened on 31 August 1902 as far as Brunsrode-Flechtorf and on 1 November 1904 to Fallersleben by the BLE. This terminal, like two sections of the line at Derneburg and Bockenem was not in Brunswick territory, but in Prussia. In fact a total of 36 km of line was on Prussian territory – one third of the total track length.
The importance of the railway can be seen from the number of steam locomotives that was constant at around 25, whilst there was only one Benzol railbus. On 1 December 1927 two bus lines supplemented the passenger services.
About 10 years later the independent railway company was taken over. The creation of a large industrial complex in the area of Salzgitter required a fundamental change and expansion of the railway network there. The Reich government wanted to give this task to the state railway. So the BLE was merged into the Deutsche Reichsbahn on 1 January 1938, who rebuilt or closed some of the routes.
Fleet.
In 1936 the BLE had 26 steam locomotives, 2 railcars, 49 passenger coaches, 12 post vans and 725 goods wagons.

</doc>
<doc id="20743905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743905" title="Cate Harrington">
Cate Harrington

Cate Harrington (born August 14, 1987) is a pornographic actress from Mansfield near Nottingham England. She has appeared in a range of hardcore pornographic films and adult websites such as Television X and Red Hot TV. Cate Harrington was named Female Performer of the Year at the UK Adult Film and Television Awards 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20743921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743921" title="Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, Konstanz">
Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, Konstanz

The () is a "Gymnasium" in Konstanz, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The eponym is Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859). The school has approximately 82 teachers and 985 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20743925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743925" title="TRPP3">
TRPP3

Polycystic kidney disease 2-like 2 protein (PKD2L2) also known as transient receptor potential polycystic 3 (TRPP3) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "PKD2L2" gene.
TRPP3 is a member of the transient receptor potential channel family of proteins.
See also.
TRPP

</doc>
<doc id="20743929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743929" title="Croatia–Norway relations">
Croatia–Norway relations

Croatia–Norway relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Norway. Both countries established diplomatic relations on February 20, 1992. Croatia has an embassy in Oslo. Norway has an embassy in Zagreb and an honorary consulate in Rijeka.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20743950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743950" title="1990–91 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1990–91 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1990–91 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 64th season in the Football League when they competed in the 24-team Division Four, then the fourth tier of English football, finishing thirteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20743954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743954" title="Tod Sweeney">
Tod Sweeney

Colonel Henry John Sweeney MC (1 June 1919 – 4 June 2001), known as Tod Sweeney, was a platoon commander in the coup de main operation by gliderborne troops on D Day, 6 June 1944, tasked to seize two vital bridges before the main assault on the Normandy beaches. The following day he was awarded the Military Cross for rescuing a wounded member of his platoon while under heavy fire near Escoville.
Early life and World War II.
Sweeney was born in Blyth, Northumberland and educated at Douai School, Berkshire. He entered Douai Abbey as a novice monk. At the outbreak of the Second World War he enlisted in the Royal Army Pay Corps later volunteering to join the infantry. He was commissioned into the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers and shortly afterwards transferred to the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry joining the 2nd (Airlanding) Battalion (the 52nd) in 1942.
In 1943 the battalion transferred from the 1st Airborne Division to 6th Airlanding Brigade, 6th Airborne Division. He was a platoon commander in Major John Howard's 'D' Company "coup de main" Operation Deadstick on D Day. The task was to seize Benouville bridge, now known as Pegasus Bridge, over the Caen canal and Ranville bridge, now known as Horsa Bridge, over the River Orne. Sweeney and his No 23 platoon's objective was, with two other platoons, to capture the Ranville bridge.
On D Day his platoon landed approximately 500 yards from Ranville bridge. On arrival at the bridge he left one section on the west bank and crossed the bridge with the other two sections. He met up with Lieutenant Dennis Fox on the far side of the bridge and found Fox's platoon in control of the bridge and surrounding area. By 00.26 hours on D Day both bridges had been secured. The operation to capture the bridges was portrayed in the film The Longest Day (film) (1962).
Sweeney was awarded the Military Cross for rescuing a wounded corporal of his platoon on 7 June 1944 while under heavy fire near Escoville. Sweeney was wounded in Normandy in July 1944 and evacuated to England. He rejoined the 2nd Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (the 52nd) in October 1944. He served in the Ardennes and the Netherlands from December 1944 to February 1945. He served in Operation Varsity: the air assault landing over the Rhine on 24 March 1945. He took part in the advance across Germany to the Baltic sea. In October 1945 the 2nd Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry (the 52nd) was posted to Palestine.
Post World War II.
In 1946 Col. Sweeney was appointed instructor at the Infantry Battle School near Haifa. He served as adjutant of the 1st Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, 43rd and 52nd in the Suez Canal Zone from 1951 to 1953. He commanded the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry guard of honour at the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II on 2 June 1953. The senior warrant officer of the guard of honour was RSM, later Major John Stevenson MBE DCM.
He served in Cyprus as a company commander from 1956 to 1959 and was mentioned in dispatches. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in 1962. Sweeney commanded the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) at Penang from April 1962 to January 1964. The regiment was deployed to Brunei in December 1962 following an Indonesia backed uprising. He was mentioned in dispatches. He commanded the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) in Borneo during the confrontation with Indonesia and was again mentioned in dispatches.
On 1 January 1966 the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) became the 1st Battalion, The Royal Green Jackets. He was Defence Advisor to the U.K. Mission to the United Nations in New York from 1966 to 1969. He then became Head of Public Relations HQ BAOR, Germany. He was Deputy Commandant of the School of Infantry from 1971 to 1974.
Sweeney retired from the Army in 1974. He was Director General of the Battersea Dogs Home from 1974 to 1988. He was the subject of a This is Your Life programme presented by Eamonn Andrews in 1985. Sweeney was Chairman of the 43rd & 52nd Old Comrades Association. In retirement he lived in Warwickshire and later in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
He married Geraldine Follett in 1942 with whom he was to have two sons and three daughters.
Colonel Tod Sweeney MC died on 4 June 2001.
A memorial service was later held for Colonel Tod Sweeney at Douai Abbey, Woolhampton, Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20743973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743973" title="A. R. Antulay">
A. R. Antulay

Abdul Rehman Antulay was born in Kankidi, Maharashtra (born February 9, 1929) was a union minister (Minority Affairs) and an MP in the 14th Lok Sabha of India. Earlier he had been the Chief Minister of the state of Maharashtra, but was forced to resign after being convicted by the Bombay High Court on charges that he had extorted money for a trust fund he managed.
He belongs to the Congress Member of Parliament (MP). In the Indian general elections, 2009, he lost to Anant Geete from the Raigad (Lok Sabha constituency) of Maharashtra.
Life.
He was born to father Shri Hafiz Abdul Gafoor and mother Zohrabi in the village Ambet District, Raigad, Maharashtra, India. He is married to Nargis Antulay and the couple have one son and three daughters. After appearing for B.A examination, he studied Barrister-At -Law, Educated at Bombay University and Lincoln's Inn, London.
Antulay was a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly from 1962 to 1976, during which time he served in the Maharashtra state government as Minister of State for Law and Judiciary, Ports and Fisheries and then as Minister of Law & Judiciary, Building, Communication and Housing from October 1969 to February 1976. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 1976 to 1980; in 1980, he was again elected to the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly and served as Chief Minister of Maharashtra from June 1980 to January 1982. He was forced to resign his post after allegations of corruption and a conviction in an extortion case. He again got elected in 1985 election to the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly and remained until 1989, when he was elected to the 9th Lok Sabha. Hee was re-elected to the 10th Lok Sabha in 1991. From June 1995 to May 1996, he was Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, and from February to May 1996 he was additionally in charge of Water Resources. In 1996 he was re-elected to the 11th Lok Sabha, and in 2004 he was elected to the 14th Lok Sabha. He has been Union Minister of Minority Affairs since January 29, 2006. He was Union Minister for Ministry of Minority Affairs (India) under Manmohan Singh's government.
He started his career as active social worker in 1945. As a social worker his notable achievements include construction of (i) a jetty on the bank of Savitri river, Bankot (Khadi) Creek through `Shramdan`. He also worked with own hands along with the villagers of Ambet; (ii) road between the village Ambet and Lonere Goregaon (then in Kolaba, now in Raigad district) to connect his village to NH-17. He had a keen interest in the Social causes like service of the weaker section of the society and up liftment of the unfortunates. On media's report of his involvement in corruption, he had to resign from the post of Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
Literary works.
He has also published several books:
Controversies.
He resigned as Chief Minister of Maharashtra after the Bombay High Court convicted him of extortion on January 13, 1982. The court ruled that Antulay had illegally required Mumbai area builders to make donations to Indira Gandhi Pristhan trust, one of several trust funds he had established and controlled, in exchange for receiving more cement than the quota allotted to them by the Government.
Again after November 2008 Mumbai attacks he has raised a controversy by saying that the end of Hemant Karkare, of the Anti-Terrorism Squad of Maharashtra, killed in the attacks, may be related to his investigation of the 2006 Malegaon blasts, leading to questions about the Mumbai attacks. Later he changed his stand and told Parliament he had not talked about who killed the police officers but about who "sent them in the wrong direction". His party, Congress, distanced itself from his statements, however, the US embassy cables indicate that this early dismissal was then followed by tacit promotion, indicating "the Congress Party will readily stoop to the old caste/religious-based politics if it feels it is in its interest.

</doc>
<doc id="20743988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20743988" title="François Auguste de Thou">
François Auguste de Thou

François-Auguste de Thou (c.1607 - 12 September 1642) was a French magistrate. 
He was born in Paris, the eldest son of Jacques-Auguste de Thou. He was a councillor to the parliament of Paris in 1626 and a conseiller d'État shortly afterwards. He was unwise enough to link himself to cardinal Richelieu's enemies. His guilty deed between Anne of Austria and Marie de Rohan was pardonned, but he fell in the conspiracy between Spain and Cinq-Mars, king Louis XIII's favourite. For not revealing what he knew of the conspiracy, his silence was taken as proof of guilt and he was beheaded at Lyon on the same day as Cinq-Mars on Richelieu's orders.
He was a manuscript collector, to his collection belonged Minuscule 601 (Gregory-Aland).

</doc>
<doc id="20744016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744016" title="Health management system">
Health management system

The health management system (HMS) is an evolutionary medicine regulative process proposed by Nicholas Humphrey in which actuarial assessment of fitness and economic-type cost-benefit analysis determines the body’s regulation of its physiology and health. This incorporation of cost-benefit calculations into body regulation provides a science grounded approach to mind-body phenomena such as placebos that are otherwise not explainable by low level, noneconomic, and purely feedback based homeostatic or allostatic theories. 
Placebos are explained as the result of false information about the availability of external treatment and support that mislead the health management system into not deploying evolved self-treatments. This results in the placebo suppression of medical symptoms.
Evolutionary medicine.
Since Hippocrates, it has been recognized that the body has self-healing powers (vis medicatrix naturae). Modern evolutionary medicine identifies them with physiologically based self-treatments that provide the body with prophylactic, healing, or restorative capabilities against injuries, infections and physiological disruption. Examples include:
These evolved self-treatments deployed by the body are experienced by humans as unpleasant and unwanted illness symptoms.
Deployment.
Such self-treatments according to evolutionary medicine are deployed to increase an individual’s biological fitness. 
Two factors affect their deployment. 
First, it is usually advantageous to deploy them on a precautionary basis. As a result, it will often turn out that they have been deployed apparently unnecessarily, though this has in fact been advantageous since in probabilistic terms they have provided an insurance against a potentially costly outcome. As Nesse notes: "Vomiting, for example, may cost only a few hundred calories and a few minutes, whereas not vomiting may result in a 5% chance of death" page 77.
Second, self-treatments are costly both in using energy, and also in their risk of damaging the body. 
One factor in deployment is low level physiological control by proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-1 triggered by bacterial lipopolysaccharides (LPS). 
Another is higher level control in which the brain takes into account what it learns about circumstances and how that makes it well and ill. Conditioning shows the existence of such learnt control: give saccharin paired in a drink with a drug that creates immunosuppression, and later on, giving saccharin alone will produce immunosuppression. Such conditioning happens both in experimental rodents and humans.
Cost benefit analysis.
Economic resource management.
Evolution, according to Nicholas Humphrey, has selected an internal health management system that uses cost benefit analysis upon whether the deployment of a self-treatment aids biological fitness, and so should be activated. 
a specially designed procedure for “economic resource management” that is, I believe, one of the key features of the “natural health-care service” which has evolved in ourselves and other animals to help us deal throughout our lives with repeated bouts of sickness, injury, and other threats to our well-being.
An analogy is explicitly made with the health economics consideration used in management decisions involving external medical treatment. 
Now, if you wonder about this choice of managerial terminology for talking about biological healing systems, I should say that it is quite deliberate (and so is the pun on NHS.) With the phrase “natural health-care service” I do intend to evoke, at a biological level, all the economic connotations that are so much a part of modern health-care in society.
External medications.
External medications will affect the cost benefits advantages of deploying an evolved self-treatment. Some animals use external ones. Wild animals, including apes, do so in the form of ingested detoxifying clays, rough leafs that clear gut parasites, and pharmacologically active plants Complimentary to this, research finds that animals have the ability to select and prefer substances that aid their recuperation from illness.
Social support.
The welfare of social animals (including humans) depends upon other individuals (social buffering). The actuarial assessments of the costs and benefits of deploying a self-treatment therefore will depend upon the presence, or not, of other individuals. The presence of helpful others will affect, for example, the risk of predators when incapacitated, and—in those case in which animals do this (such as humans)—the provision of food, and care during sickness. 
The health management system factors in the presence of such external treatment and social support as one aspect of the circumstances needed to determine whether it is advantageous to deploy or not an evolved self-treatment.
Placebos.
False information.
All humans societies use external medications, and some individuals exist that are considered to have special healing knowledge about illnesses and their treatments. Humans are also usually supportive to those in their group. The availability of these things will affect the cost benefits of the body deploying its own biological ones. This could, in turn, lead to the health management system (given its beliefs (information) about treatments and support) to deploy or not, or doing so differently, the body’s own treatments. 
Nicholas Humphrey describes how the health management system explains placebos – an external treatment without direct physiological effects – as follows:
Suppose, for example, a doctor gives someone who is suffering an infection a pill that she rightly believes to contain an antibiotic: because her hopes will be raised she will no doubt make appropriate adjustments to her health-management strategy – lowering her precautionary defences in anticipation of the sickness not lasting long.
The health management system, in other words, when faced with an infection is tricked into making a mistaken cost benefit analysis using false information. The effect of that false information is that the benefits of the self-treatment cease to outweigh its costs. As a result, it is not deployed, and an individual does not experience unwanted medical symptoms.
Lack of harm.
Failure to deploy an evolved self-treatment need not put an individual at risk since evolution has advantaged their deployment on a precautionary basis. As Nicholas Humphrey notes:
Therefore, not deploying an evolved self-treatment, and so not having a medical symptom due to placebo false information might be without consequence.
Central governor.
The health management system’s idea of a top down neural control of the body is also found in the idea that a central governor regulates muscle fatigue to protect the body from the harmful effects (such as anoxia and hyperglycemia) of over prolonged exercise. 
The idea of a fatigue governor was first proposed in 1924 by the 1922 Nobel Prize winner Archibald Hill, and more recently, on the basis of modern research, by Tim Noakes. 
Like with the health management system, the central governor shares the idea that much of what is attributed to low level feedback homeostatic regulation is, in fact, due to top down control by the brain. The advantage of this top down management is that the brain can enhance such regulation by allowing it to be modified by information. For example in endurance running, a cost benefit trade exists off between the advantages of continuing to run, and the risk if this is too prolonged that it might harm the body. Being able to regulate fatigue in terms of information about the benefits and costs of continued exercise would enhance biological fitness. 
Low level theories exist that suggest that fatigue is due mechanical failure of the exercising muscles ("peripheral fatigue"). However, such low level theories do not explain why running muscle fatigue is affected by information relevant to cost benefit trade offs. For example, marathon runners can carry on running longer if told they are near the finishing line, than far away. The existence of a central governor can explain this effect.

</doc>
<doc id="20744050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744050" title="Zalafa">
Zalafa

Zalafa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20744064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744064" title="Franz Frauscher">
Franz Frauscher

Franz Frauscher was a Hauptscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Franz Fauscher was awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1944, when he was a platoon commander with the 4th Company, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment, Das Reich.

</doc>
<doc id="20744068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744068" title="Tim Palen">
Tim Palen

Tim Palen is an American motion picture marketing executive and award-winning photographer. He is Lionsgate's Chief Marketing Officer and oversees all Lionsgate marketing initiatives. His string of theatrical box office hits includes "The Hunger Games", Lionsgate's top-grossing film of all time, taking in nearly $690 million at the global box office; and "The Expendables 2", which grossed close to $300 worldwide. Palen's innovative marketing strategy for "The Hunger Games", which carefully balanced and coordinated a mix of traditional, digital and social promotion, contributed to its record-breaking success. Palen has also left his imprint on huge film franchises: Producer Tyler Perry's first 13 films have grossed more than $670 million at the domestic box office, and the "Saw" series is the most popular horror franchise in history grossing more than $870 million at the worldwide box office for its seven installments.
Palen has also overseen marketing for critically acclaimed hits including "Crash", winner of the 2006 Academy Awards® for Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay, "Precious", winner of the 2009 Academy Awards® for Best Supporting Actress and Best Adapted Screenplay, and "Rabbit Hole", which earned Nicole Kidman a 2011 Academy Award® nomination for what is widely considered her strongest performance to date. With Palen at the helm of the marketing team, Lionsgate will have its highest grossing year ever at the domestic box office in 2012.
Palen has been widely recognized and honored for his creative and effective work. Most recently, he was awarded Adweek's 2012 Brand Genius Award for his work on "The Hunger Games". He has also been recognized in Fast Company's "100 Most Creative People in Business" and Entertainment Weekly's "50 Smartest People in Hollywood".
Career.
Palen joined Lionsgate in March 2002 as Vice President of Theatrical Marketing and achieved immediate success with the launch of the campaign for "Monster's Ball", which went on to win a historic Academy Award® for Halle Berry's performance in the film. During his tenure, Lionsgate has grown from a fiercely independent niche studio to a major force at the box office, establishing a distinctive profile for the company as a purveyor of exciting and provocative films. Besides "The Hunger Games" and "The Expendables 2", Lionsgate’s other recent theatrical successes have included horror film "The Possession", which opened No. 1 at the domestic box office, and "Madea's Witness Protection", which was the second highest grossing Tyler Perry film ever, taking in $65.7 million.
Marketing campaign work.
Tim Palen uses his own photography for various Lions Gate Entertainment film posters and advertising campaigns. Palen's movie poster photography attempts "to boil it image down to the essence of the film. It is all about finding simplicity, a singular iconic image, something that evokes emotion from the viewer." Some of Palen's "most arresting" marketing campaigns have only been viewed by those attending Comic-Con International conventions and various youth-oriented websites, allowing these campaigns to "pass under the radar of the Motion Picture Assn. of America, which governs studio marketing material in the U.S." In 2009, Palen's work was featured in The New Yorker.
Saw II.
Tim Palen conceived of using two severed fingers to make the Roman numeral II in the initial billboard campaign and the logo for Saw II. Bob Berney, Picturehouse president and a competitor of Lions Gate Entertainment, calls this image "a classic".
Hostel.
While looking for a manner to market "Hostel" without using images of mangled body parts, Tim Palen visited the New York art studio of Australian photographer Mark Kessell. Kessell, a former medical physician, had a series of daguerreotypes entitled "Florilegium" (or "collection of floral images") in his studio; each piece this collection featured a "close-up of a surgical instrument, so poetically rendered that it seems almost organic". Palen made a deal to use a photograph from the "Florilegium" series whose focus was a surgical clamp, an image that was used for the theatrical and print promotions of "Hostel".
Saw III.
To promote the release of Saw III, the Lions Gate Entertainment marketing division — headed by Tim Palen — selected an image of the film's protagonist Jigsaw (portrayed by Tobin Bell) wearing a red cloak. Palen inquired from the poster printer "what we could do to get the deepest blood red", then asking if it was "possible to use actual blood" for the red pigment. After the printer agreed to attempting the requested process, Palen successfully approached Bell with the idea of using Bell's blood in the initial print run. Limited to 1000 copies printed, the promotional posters were sold directly to fans for $20 a piece. One copy of the poster, signed by the entire cast and crew of the film, was placed up for auction. All proceeds from these sales were donated to the Red Cross as part of the annual "Saw" Blood Drive.
Hostel: Part II.
Tim Palen wanted to launch the advertising campaign "with an image that would stand out amid the clutter of endless movie posters", so he purchased cuts of meat from five differing animals from a local butcher's shop and photographed close-up the uncooked meats in his kitchen. Settling on the boar meat, whose "veins of fat" resembled "the look of someone’s intestines", Palen had to provide proof to the Motion Picture Association of America that the meat was not human in origin before they would approve the image for mass release. Palen did so by mailing the M.P.A.A. a receipt from the butcher's shop he had procured the boar meat from.
The campaign's next imagery was taken from a photography session Palen had done with the film's co-star Bijou Phillips. The final poster was a composite image of Phillips' naked body holding her own severed head. This image, due to its graphic nature, was specifically designed for foreign market and other specialty markets, such as the New York Comic Con where it debuted.
In order to utilize the Phillips imagery for mass release, Palen superimposed the final Phillips composite over the boar's meat photo. This version, which only showed the shadowed portions of the Phillips image over the boar's meat, was displayed in theaters, "though only in multiplexes that weren’t playing G or PG movies."
For the print advertising aspect of the campaign, Palen used a photograph he had taken of another of the film's co-stars, Heather Matarazzo. The photograph showed Matarazzo "hanging upside down, her face contorted, the veins in her neck bulging, a tiny rivulet of snot dripping from her nose." The M.P.A.A. approved this image for release in newspapers and other print media.
While shooting publicity photographs in a "cheesy hotel" for Hostel: Part II, Palen convinced writer/director Eli Roth to pose nude for one photograph. The picture, entitled "Eli Roth Has the Biggest Dick in Hollywood", shows Roth wearing a 24-inch-long prosthetic penis which was created by K.N.B. Effects at the request of Palen.
Upcoming releases.
Palen is also behind the theatrical posters for the upcoming Lionsgate titles "Texas Chainsaw 3D", "The Last Stand", "Tyler Perry's The Marriage Counselor" and "", all releasing in 2013
Exhibitions.
The Fahey/Klein Gallery, 2007.
In late 2007, Tim Palen had a one-week fine art photography show at The Fahey/Klein Gallery in Los Angeles, CA. The show consisted of 25 photographs from Palen's then-forthcoming book "Guts". In attendance at the opening were: Palen and gallery owner David Fahey, Saw producer Oren Koules, independent film producer Andrew Panay, Sylvester Stallone with his wife Jennifer Flavin, Debi Mazar with her husband Gabriele Corcos, and Donovan Leitch with his daughter.
Lehmann Maupin Gallery, 2010.
Tim Palen brought the women of Tyler Perry's For Colored Girls to life with eight 'Living Portraits' - shot on 35mm film and conceived of and directed by Palen himself. Displayed at New York City's prestigious Lehmann Maupin gallery on October 24–27, 2010, this project marked Palen's second time working with Janet Jackson, after directing the music video for her single "Nothing" from Tyler Perry's
Why Did I Get Married Too?. Lionsgate also created an unprecedented online gallery experience to showcase this art work

</doc>
<doc id="20744070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744070" title="Croatia–Libya relations">
Croatia–Libya relations

Croatia–Libya relations refers to the current and historical relationship between Croatia and Libya. Diplomatic relations between the Republic of Croatia and the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya were established mutually on March 30, 2000. Croatia has an embassy in Tripoli (temporarily closed ). Libya has an embassy in Zagreb.
The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, of which Croatia was a part of, maintained good relations with Libya under Muammar Gaddafi. Gaddafi came to Yugoslavia in 1989 for a summit of the Non-Aligned Movement.
Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean. Croatian president Stjepan Mesić made a state visit to Libya in 2003, as well as a three-day visit in February, 2008; he had previously made a visit to Libya in 1992. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor visited Libya in September 2010.
Former president Stipe Mesić maintained good relations with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, and as the 2011 Libyan civil war was starting in February 2011, he publicly stated he doubted that "his friend" Gaddafi himself had ordered shooting at the demonstrators, and would not postpone visit plans.
Over 400 Croatian citizens were evacuated from the country by early March.
The Croatian Government supported the 2011 military intervention in Libya that started in late March, and temporarily closed the Tripoli embassy at the same time.
Mesić later made statements indicating suspicion NATO's motives in establishing the no-fly zone, which in turn angered the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In late May, a Libyan diplomat in Zagreb made public statements supporting the Gaddafi regime and criticized Croatia for supporting the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973. The Croatian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in turn revoked his diplomatic status. In late June, Croatia officially extended diplomatic recognition to the National Transitional Council of Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="20744076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744076" title="Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, Schweinfurt">
Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium, Schweinfurt

The () is a "Gymnasium" in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany.
The eponym is Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859). The school has approximately 100 teachers and 1,800 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20744101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744101" title="Ole Georg Gjøsteen">
Ole Georg Gjøsteen

Ole Georg Gjøsteen (9 February 1854 – 19 June 1936) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party.
Personal life.
He was born in Stord, and was the older brother of politician and educationalist Johan David Haslund Gjøstein.
In October 1877 he married Emilie Josefine Sundbye. The couple had seven daughters and four sons.
Career.
An instrument maker by profession, Gjøsteen became involved in the growing worker's movement in Norway. He became a member of Kristiania Arbeidersamfund in 1871, and as political parties were established in the 1880s, Gjøsteen joined the radical wing of the Liberal Party. From 1888 to 1891 he chaired "De forenede norske arbeidersamfund".
During this period Gjøsteen was among the founding members of the Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers, and he also left the Liberal Party to found the more radical Norwegian Labour Party in 1887. He chaired this party nationally, from 1892 to 1893. He was elected to Kristiania city council in 1895, and served until 1919. Although not a member of Parliament, he marked himself as a proponent of universal suffrage and dissolution of the personal union between Sweden and Norway. General suffrage would be introduced in 1898 for men, and 1913 for women, whereas the union was dissolved in 1905.
In the field of education, Gjøsteen served as a member of the school board in Kristiania from 1896 to 1923, chairing it from 1914 to 1919. He worked to build the public primary school into a basis for further education, and to strengthen the secondary education. He strongly supported the idea of the comprehensive school, to the point of being called "the father of the comprehensive school in Norway".

</doc>
<doc id="20744122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744122" title="Alentejo Litoral Subregion">
Alentejo Litoral Subregion

Alentejo Litoral is a NUTS3 subregion of the Alentejo Region, in Portugal. Alentejo Litoral comprises municipalities of both the Beja District and the Setúbal District. The chief city is Sines. As of 2001, the subregion had a population of 99,976 inhabitants and its total area is 5,261 km².
Municipalities.
It is composed of the following 5 municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="20744130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744130" title="Ashley Keane">
Ashley Keane

Ashley Keane (born 20 November 1981 in Camden, London) is an English-American former professional footballer, having played professionally for Torquay United.
Keane joined Torquay on non-contract terms in October 2004. He made his debut on 5 November 2004, starting the Football League Trophy defeat at home to Northampton Town. However, he was substituted mid-way through the first half for Tony Bedeau, who went on to score Torquay's only goal in a 3-1 defeat. He, along with teammate Bruno Meirelles who had also played and been substituted, was released by a furious Torquay manager, Leroy Rosenior the following day who stated 'I let them play and they weren't good enough'.

</doc>
<doc id="20744138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744138" title="Henri Charles du Cambout de Coislin">
Henri Charles du Cambout de Coislin

Henri-Charles du Camboust (15 September 1665, Paris – 28 November 1732) was a French prelate. He was bishop of Metz from 1697 to 1732, and duc de Coislin from 1710.
Biography.
Great-grandson of chancellor Séguier, brother of Pierre de Camboust and nephew of Pierre du Cambout de Coislin, on 20 June 1714 he composed a mandate denying the papal bull "Unigenitus", which produced a sensation throughout the French church due to its author's personality, his diocese's importance and the sharpness of its condemnation of the bull, concealed beneath apparent submission to it. Louis XIV condemned the mandate by a Conseil decree of 5 July 1714 "as contrary to the acceptance of the Bull passed by the assembly of the clergy of France, and seeking to weaken or render useless the condemnation, both the errors contained in its 101 propositions, and the book that contains them". For refusing to seal this decree, chancellor de Pontchartrain was dismissed.
Henri-Charles de Coislin was an honorary member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres and the Académie française (from 1710).
He bequeathed to the abbaye de Saint-Germain the rich library he had himself inherited from chancellor Séguier, whose remnants have since 1793 been reunited in the Bibliothèque nationale de France.
Bishop of France's most important stronghold, he relieved the city's burden of billeting soldiers by building a barracks on place du Champ at Seille - the barracks were bounded by 4 streets honouring the patron saints of Henri and his family (rue Saint Charles, rue Saint Henri, rue du Cambout and rue de Coislin). These barracks were demolished around 1930 to allow the construction of place Coislin (named after him), subsequently substantially rebuilt in the years after the Second World War to house a bus terminus, then a vast town-centre car park.

</doc>
<doc id="20744139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744139" title="Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium">
Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium

Alexander-von-Humboldt-Gymnasium is the name of these schools:

</doc>
<doc id="20744150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744150" title="Brodiaea elegans">
Brodiaea elegans

Brodiaea elegans is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common names harvest brodiaea, elegant brodiaea, and elegant cluster-lily. 
The bulb is native to the mountain ranges of California and Oregon, where it grows in woodlands and meadows. 
Description.
"Brodiaea elegans" is a perennial that produces a stout stemlike inflorescence up to 50 centimeters tall. It bears showy flowers on pedicels up to 10 centimeters long. 
Each flower has six curving tepals up to 3 centimeters long in shades of bright purple. In the center of the flower are white or pale purple sterile stamens known as staminodes; these are flat with pointed or toothed tips and between one half and one centimeter in length. Next to these are the fertile stamens topped with large anthers. 
In Northern California, "Brodiaea elegans" is one of the later blooming wildflowers, often seen in May.

</doc>
<doc id="20744189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744189" title="Croatian wine">
Croatian wine

Croatian wine (, pl. ) has a history dating back to the Ancient Greek settlers, and their wine production on the southern Dalmatian islands of Vis, Hvar and Korčula some 2,500 years ago. Like other old world wine producers, many traditional grape varieties still survive in Croatia, perfectly suited to their local wine hills. Modern wine-production methods have taken over in the larger wineries, and EU-style wine regulations have been adopted, guaranteeing the quality of the wine. 
There are currently over 300 geographically defined wine regions, and a strict classification system to ensure quality and origin. The majority of Croatian wine is white, with most of the remainder being red, and only a small percentage is rosé wines. In 2010, Croatia ranked 30th in wine producing countries with an estimated 50,000 tonnes.
Wine is a popular drink in Croatia, and locals traditionally like to drink wine with their meals. Quite often, the wine is diluted with either still or sparkling water - producing a drink known as (a combination of white wine and carbonated water), and (a combination of red wine and still water).
History.
Like the rest of Central Europe and South-Eastern Europe, viticulture in the present-day Croatia existed hundreds of years before the rise of the Roman Empire. Recent research has shown that the Illyrians living in Dalmatia during the Bronze Age and Iron Age may already have grown grapevines. However, the true beginning of grape cultivation and wine production in Croatia is related to the Ancient Greeks settlers, who arrived on the Croatian coast in the 5th century BC. The Greek writer Athenaeus wrote 22 centuries ago about the high quality wine produced on the Dalmatian islands of Vis, Hvar and Korčula. Coins from the period have motifs related to grape cultivation and wine, demonstrating the importance of wine in the economics of the ancient Greek colonies.
Under the Roman Empire, the production of wine grew, becoming more organized. Wine was exported to other parts of the empire. Artifacts from this time include stone presses from which wine was squeezed, amphoras from sunken Roman galleys, and decorations on numerous religious and household items bear witness to the wine-making culture. 
As the Croatians arrived and settled the area, they learned from their predecessors, and wine production continued to expand. During the Middle Ages, there was a royal court official called the "royal wine procurer", whose responsibilities included the production and procurement of wine. Free towns adopted legal standards on winegrowing and protected it accordingly. For example, a statute of the town and island of Korčula in 1214 contains strict rules protecting the vineyards.
In the 15th century, the Ottoman Turks arrived in South Eastern Europe, and imposed strict anti-alcohol laws as part of the new Islamic law. Fortunately, the Ottoman Empire was tolerant of Christianity, and Catholic church traditions involving wine are thought to have “saved” European wine production from complete extinction. Priests and monks were permitted to continue producing wine in order to provide for Church services. 
In the 18th century, much of present-day Croatia came under control of the Habsburg Empire, where wine production flourished through the 19th and 20th centuries. But the history of wine was to change dramatically in 1874, when phylloxera, a hazardous grapevine pest, started to appear in Europe. Wine production dropped, first in France and Germany, as the growers struggled to combat the blight. For a time, Croatian vineyards remained unaffected, and wine exports greatly increased to fill the extra demand. Some French companies even planted vines in Croatia with a view to expanding operations in the safe area. However, by the turn of the 20th century, Croatian vines had also succumbed to phylloxera, leading to the destruction of the vineyards and the collapse of the local economy in many areas. Large numbers of wine growing families moved to the new world, contributing to the growth of wine production there.
Under the communist system of Yugoslavia, wine production was centered in large cooperatives, and private ownership of vineyards was discouraged. Quantity rather than quality became the main focus. The Croatian War of Independence in the early 1990s saw many vineyards and wineries once again destroyed. However, with the move back to small, independent producers, Croatian wines are once again competing with the best in the world wine market.
Geography and climate.
Croatia is a Mediterranean country, lying to the east of Italy, across the Adriatic Sea. Towards the north lie the Alps, and to the north-east the country forms the western end of the great Pannonian Plain. 
The interior of Croatia has a continental climate, with cold winters and hot summers with enough rain for this to be a major agricultural area. Wine-growing is concentrated in the hilly areas bordering on the Pannonian Plain. 
The Dalmatian Coast is typically Mediterranean in climate, although the Dinaric Alps mountain range creates pockets of alpine climate at higher altitudes. The coastline of the Adriatic Sea is ideal for grape cultivation with its hot, humid summers and mild winters. Further down the coast, and on the islands, grapes are grown on the karst hillside, sometimes steep slopes with little rainfall. Some of the best-known wine-production areas are on the Dalmatian islands. Located along hillsides and slopes, wine regions along the coast receive many hours of sunlight, ideal for grape production.
Croatia is also home to the Slavonian oak forest, producing the oak casks favoured by many winemakers in Europe for aging their finest wines.
The average inland temperature is between 0 and 2 °C in January, and between 19 and 23 °C in August. Average coastal temperatures range from 6–11 °C in January to 21–27 °C in August. Sea temperature averages 12 °C in winter and 25 °C in summer.
Wine styles.
There are two distinct wine-producing regions in Croatia. The continental region in the north-east of the country, produces rich fruity white wines, similar in style to the neighbouring areas of Slovenia, Austria and Hungary. On the north coast, Istrian wines are similar to those produced in neighbouring Italy, while further south production is more towards big Mediterranean-style reds. On the islands and the Dalmatian coast, local grape varietals, microclimates and the rather harsh nature of the vineyards leads to some highly individual wines, and some of Croatia's best known.
The majority (67%) of wine produced is white and produced in the interior, while 32% is red and produced mainly along the coast. Rosé is relatively rare. Some special wines, such as sparkling wine ( or ) and dessert wine are also produced.
Wine Regions.
Croatia has two main wine regions: Continental (Kontinetalna) and Coastal (Primorska), which includes the islands. Each of the main regions is divided into sub-regions which are divided yet further into smaller vinogorje, (literally wine hills) and districts. Altogether, there are more than 300 geographically-defined wine-producing areas in Croatia.
Continental Croatia.
The inland wine region, stretching from north-west to south-east along the Drava and Sava rivers, has a typical continental climate with cold winters and hot summers. Production is concentrated in white wine varieties. The best-known area within this region is Slavonia, and the most widely planted grape is Graševina, which yields light, crisp, refreshing, mildly aromatic wines. 
The continental region is divided into the following sub-regions:
Coastal Croatia.
The coastal wine region runs from Istria in the north to Dalmatia to the south. The Mediterranean climate, with long, hot dry summers and mild, short, wet winters is particularly well suited to wine production. In Istria and the north coast, the focus is on fruity, dry white wines from a wide range of grape varieties, but mostly Malvazija, as well as bold, dry reds including Teran. Further south, in Dalmatia, the islands and hillsides have an infinite variety of microclimates resulting in a wine-growing area where terroir is a crucially important factor. A wide range of indigeous grape varietals are grown here, the best known being Plavac Mali, the child of Zinfandel and Dobričić.
The coastal region is divided into the following sub-regions (listed from north to south):
Grape Varieties.
The grape varieties in use in Croatia can be very confusing to foreigners, not simply because the Croatian names are unfamiliar, but because many of the varieties may not be in use beyond a very limited area. Croatia's long history of wine production has left it with a rich tradition of indigenous varietals, especially in the more out-lying areas, or the more extreme growing conditions. Some of these have been so successful that they are in widespread use within Croatia, yet remain relatively unknown outside the country. One such is Plavac Mali, the foundation of many highly regarded Dalmatian red wines, such as Postup, Dingač and Zlatan Plavac. 
The well-known Napa Valley winemaker Miljenko "Mike" Grgich is a Croatian native, and he has argued the case for Zinfandel being descended from the Plavac Mali grape. DNA testing has now demonstrated that Plavac Mali is in fact a child of the true original Zinfandel, which is a little-planted grape from the same area named Crljenak Kaštelanski.
Following the devastation of the vines by phylloxera at the end of the 19th century, Croatian vineyards were replanted by grafting the traditional varieties on to American root stock. Only a very few pre-phylloxera vines still survive today on a couple of the islands (Korčula, and Susak). In recent years, foreign-based winemakers and investors are taking an interest in Croatia's many indigenous grape varietals. As the battle against phylloxera continues, broadening the gene pool may be one way to help prevent a recurrence.
The tables below give an overview of the common varieties, alternative names, and where they are grown.
Classification.
In 1961, Dingač and then in 1967, Postup were registered for Yugoslav state protection.
The Croatian Institute of Viticulture and Enology was set up in 1996 to oversee the country's wine industry, and be responsible for regulating wine-growing and wine production. Standards, similar to the EU wine regulations were set up, to ensure the consistent quality of the final product.
Croatian wines are classified by quality, which is clearly marked on the label.
In addition, wines may qualify for a geographical origin stamp, if it is produced from grapes grown in the same wine-growing region. The definition becomes stricter for higher quality classifications, so that a premium quality wine with geographical origin stamp must meet criteria for the type of grape, the position in the vinogorije (wine-growing hill) with the distinct quality and characteristics for the varietal. 
If the wine has a grape varietal stamp, it must be at least 85% of the grape type whose name it carries. Distinctive quality wines are the wines that have a special quality, attained in certain years, in special conditions of maturation, manner of harvesting and processing, and have to be produced only from the recommended sorts of grape for the particular wine-growing hills.
Wines qualifying for a vintage designation, known as Arhiv must be kept in cellar conditions longer than its optimal maturation period, and not less than 5 years from the day of processing grape into wine, of which at least 3 years in a bottle.
Despite these various classifications systems, Croatian wines don't have a DO or AOC system like Spain/Italy or France which can make it confusing to understand wine grades and origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20744195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744195" title="1963 Texas Longhorns football team">
1963 Texas Longhorns football team

The 1963 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1963 college football season. The Longhorns won their first national championship. Tommy Nobis was the only sophomore starter, and was an important participant on the Longhorns’ 1963 team, which defeated Heisman Trophy winner Roger Staubach in the Cotton Bowl Classic, 28–6.
Schedule.
After defeating Baylor in their eighth game, the Longhorns became the only major team with no losses and no ties in college football. After defeating their first nine opponents, the Longhorns clinched the Southwestern Conference title and a spot in the Cotton Bowl. The Longhorns ended up finishing the regular season with a 10–0 record and defeated #2 Navy (led by Heisman Trophy winner Roger Staubach) in the 1964 Cotton Bowl Classic, 28–6. Texas was the consensus national champion before the game with #2 Navy, regardless of the outcome because the AP Poll and UPI Poll did not release polls after bowl games until years later. However, the win assured that there would be no dispute as had happened in other years when #1 teams lost their bowl games.
1963 team players in the NFL.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.
Ernie Koy, Jr. and Olen Underwood would be selected in the 1964 NFL Draft, while Tommy Nobis would be selected in the 1965 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20744197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744197" title="Ellen Miller (Lassie)">
Ellen Miller (Lassie)

Ellen Miller is a fictional character in the long-running television series "Lassie" (1954–1973). Ellen is a war widow living on a weatherbeaten midwestern farm with her young son Jeff and her father-in-law George Miller. The character was created by producer Robert Maxwell and Lassie trainer Rudd Weatherwax, and was portrayed in the series by Jan Clayton. Ellen makes her debut in the premiere episode, "The Inheritance" (1954) and her last appearance in the mid-fourth season episode, "Timmy's Family" (1957). Clayton was nominated for two Emmy Awards for her performances as Ellen Miller on "Lassie," and the series itself won two Emmys during her stint on the show.
Role.
Ellen Miller is a strong, loving, and intelligent woman. She is a widow whose husband John was killed in World War II. When the series opens, she lives on a small midwestern farm with her eleven-year-old son, Jeff and her father-in-law, George Miller. She attended college and entertains the daughter of a college friend in "The Ballerina." She is a musician and sometimes plays the organ in the farmhouse parlor. In one episode, she is offered a job as a singer on a radio station. Ellen provokes the jealousies of both Jeff and her father-in-law when she dates the local constable, Clay Horton. Ellen and her family provide a foster home for a seven-year-old runaway boy called Timmy. Following the death of her father-in-law, she and her son sell the farm to the Martins (who adopt Timmy and Lassie), and move to the city where she plans to teach music and Jeff plans to attend a science high school.
Production details.
Background.
In 1943, Eric Knight's fictional rough collie, Lassie, made her film debut in MGM's "Lassie Come Home." The success of the film generated six more MGM Lassie films, and, with the seventh feature, "The Painted Hills" (1951), Lassie's MGM career came to an end. Pal, a male dog, played Lassie in all seven films, and, when his MGM career had run its course, Pal's owner and trainer, Rudd Weatherwax, took all rights to the Lassie name and trademark in lieu of back pay. Weatherwax and Pal then toured America in an 18-minute program re-enacting Lassie's film exploits. Producer Robert Maxwell convinced Weatherwax that the dog's future lay television. The men developed a television scenario set on a small midwestern farm about a struggling war widow, her son, and her father-in-law.
Casting and characterization.
Jan Clayton, a musical theater star and television quiz show panelist, was signed to a four-year contract to play Ellen Miller, the show's war widowed mother. George Cleveland was cast as her father-in-law, George Miller, and Tommy Rettig as her eleven-year-old son, Jeff. Rettig later remembered Clayton as a "second mother to me," and dialogue coach Lloyd Nelson remarked, "I adored Jan Clayton. She was wonderful, a real neighbor, a real friend."
Dogs.
Ellen appeared with two dogs on the show: Pal, the star of the MGM films, and his son Lassie Junior thereafter. Pal appeared in only the two pilots. Lassie Junior was joined on the set by a stand-in rehearsal dog, a dog for long distance shots, and a "fight" dog for battles with other animals.
Cancellation.
As the fourth season approached, discontent was brewing. Rettig was a fifteen-year-old teen who wanted to leave the show in order to enjoy the life of a normal teenager. Clayton had suffered the death of a teenage daughter in a car wreck and was considering leaving the show to return to her roots in musical theater. The show's owner and producer Jack Wrather was aware of the discontent and decided the series should strike a different course, with Rettig and Clayton eased out of the show in a three-part episode. 
A new storyline was developed that brought child actor Jon Provost to the show as Ellen's seven-year-old foster child Timmy. Lassie and Timmy were teamed together and the boy began playing a greater role in episode plots as filming progressed. Rettig and Clayton expected to be released, but producers were pleased with the status quo and made little effort to write either performer out of the show. Hoping Clayton would change her mind and remain with the show, they proposed a plot in which Ellen would wed and adopt Timmy. Clayton rejected the idea. 
A crisis was reached when series star George Cleveland died suddenly on July 17, 1957. Producers were forced to completely rework the series. An episode called "Transition" was quickly scripted with a simple but believable plot: Ellen and Jeff sell the farm to Paul and Ruth Martin, a young couple new to the area. The Martins adopt Timmy and Lassie. Ellen and her son leave the farm for life in the city where Ellen plans to teach music. Jeff was never referenced on the show again but Ellen made her final appearance in the episode immediately following "Transition". There, she returns to the farm at Ruth's invitation to advise her on raising a little boy. The Miller years of "Lassie" were almost immediately sold into worldwide syndication as "Jeff's Collie".
Awards.
In 1957, Clayton received an Emmy nomination for Best Continuing Performance by an Actress in a Dramatic Series for "Lassie," and, in 1958, the actress received yet another Emmy nomination for Best Continuing Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Dramatic or Comedy Series
for "Lassie." Clayton also received a star on the Walk of Fame for Television at 6200 Hollywood Blvd.
"Lassie" won its only Emmy Awards (Best Children's Program 1955, and Best Children's Series 1956), during Ellen's years on the show. The show also received a 1956 Peabody Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20744206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744206" title="Pierre de Camboust, duc de Coislin">
Pierre de Camboust, duc de Coislin

Pierre de Camboust, duc de Coislin (1664–1710) was a duke and peer of France, succeeding his father. He was admitted to the Académie française in his father's seat on 11 December 1702 by the abbé de Dangeau.

</doc>
<doc id="20744228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744228" title="Kulumindini Band">
Kulumindini Band

Kulumindini Band are an aboriginal rock band from Elliott, Northern Territory. They are named after a Jingili dreaming site. The members are Jingili-Mudbura people and they sing in both Mudbura and English. In 2008 they were inducted into the hall of fame at the NT Indigenous Music Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20744255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744255" title="T. Krishna">
T. Krishna

Tottempudi Krishna (died 8 May 1987) was an editor and director of Tollywood movies famous for having directed well known revolutionary films like "Pratighatana", "Repati Pourulu", "Neti Bharatham" are Winning Best Films for Filmfare and many more.He was also the founder of Eetaram Films. He has also directed few films in Malayalam.
His last film "Repati Pourulu" was released in 1988, after his death.
Career.
He directed Neti Bharatam (1983) starred by Vijayshanti; Vande Maataram (1985) starred by Dr. Rajasekhar, Rajendra Prasad and Vijayshanti; Devaalayam (1985) starred by Late Sobhan Babu and many more.
His film Pratighatana (1986) was the story of a woman's (Vijayshanti) fight against corruption and criminalization of politics in India. This film was later remade in Hindi as "Pratighaat" starred by Sujata Mehta and Nana Patekar.
His last film Repati Pourulu (1986) starred by Vijayashanti and Dr. Rajasekhar was released after his death. He was the co-founder of the banner Eetharam Films with his parnter Babu Rao Pokuri.
Personal life.
He was married and had two sons and a daughter. One of his sons, Premchand, was an aspiring director but died in a car accident in 2000 while directing his first film. His second son T. Gopichand is now a well known Tollywood actor. Gopichand started his career playing the role of villain but in later films, played the hero. His daughter is a Dentist.
Filmography as director.
He is the inspiration for many revolutionary directors and producers such as R. Narayana Murthy.

</doc>
<doc id="20744274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744274" title="Renee Richards (pornographic actress)">
Renee Richards (pornographic actress)

Renee Richards (born 30 September 1984 in Birmingham, England) is a pornographic actress. 
Renee worked as stripper for two years and was a drama student before starting her career in adult films. She has since appeared in a range of hardcore pornographic films and adult websites such as Television X and Red Hot TV. 
Richards won the Actress of the Year award at the 2008 UK Adult Film and Television Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20744304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744304" title="Armand de Camboust, duc de Coislin">
Armand de Camboust, duc de Coislin

Armand de Camboust, duc de Coislin (1 September 1635, Paris – 16 September 1702) was a French lieutenant général des armées du roi, and a duke and peer of France. The son of a colonel in the Swiss Guards, he was elected a member of the Académie française in 1652 aged 16 and a half. He died young and his seat was then held by his two sons, Pierre and Henri-Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="20744307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744307" title="Brodiaea filifolia">
Brodiaea filifolia

Brodiaea filifolia, known by the common name threadleaf brodiaea, is a rare species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus . It is endemic to southern California, mostly in the region around the junction of Orange, Riverside, and San Diego Counties.
The bulb is a resident of scattered remaining vernal pool and grassland habitats. It is a federally listed threatened species and it is listed as an endangered species on the state level.
Description.
"Brodiaea filifolia" is a perennial producing an inflorescence 20 to 30 centimeters tall which bears bright purple flowers. Each flower has six spreading tepals 1 to 1.5 centimeters long with a center containing three stamens and narrow or small staminodes, which are flat sterile stamens lying against the tepals.
Conservation.
This plant occurs in grassland areas, often in floodplains, and it is a member of the local vernal pool flora. It requires heavy clay soils. This type of habitat is becoming very rare as it is being cleared for development, especially as residential areas expand. Undeveloped land near residential areas is degraded by exotic vegetation, mowing and other fire suppression efforts, sewage dumping, grazing of livestock, off-road vehicle use, and other processes.
The plant is also at risk for reduced genetic variability. It often reproduces vegetatively by producing new corms, a method of cloning which does not produce individuals with new combinations of genes. When the plant does reproduce sexually, it requires unrelated individuals which have different genes; it cannot fertilize itself, nor can it successfully reproduce with closely related individuals. Small population sizes that have low genetic diversity and wide distances between populations make it less likely the plant will successfully undergo sexual reproduction. The plant sometimes hybridizes with "Brodiaea orcuttii".
There are about 68 occurrences remaining in widely spaced locations between the San Gabriel Mountains and west-central San Diego County. Several occurrences have been discovered since the plant joined the endangered species list, including locations on Camp Pendleton, and a few have been extirpated.

</doc>
<doc id="20744311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744311" title="2007 Halmstads BK season">
2007 Halmstads BK season

Squad.
First-team squad.
"As of 1 September 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="20744338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744338" title="Unidade Arranho">
Unidade Arranho

The Unidade Arranho is a geological formation in Europe. It dates back to the Late Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20744346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744346" title="Insomnia (Chihiro Onitsuka album)">
Insomnia (Chihiro Onitsuka album)

The lead-off track "Gekkō" was initially used as a theme song for "Trick" starring Yukie Nakama and Hiroshi Abe, a television drama series aired on Asahi TV in 2000. It was released as a single in August 2000 and became smash hit. At the end of the album, different rendition of the song was included.
While "Gekkō" remained on the chart, "Cage" and "Memai" were released as the singles subsequently. The lyrics of the latter was acclaimed, winning the 43rd Japan Record Awards for "Best Lyrics" in December 2001. It became the first top-ten hit single for her, peaking at the number-six on the charts.
Before Onitsuka gained popularity through "Gekkō," she had already released a single "Shine" arranged and produced by Nozomu Tsuchiya. A song was newly recorded for the "Insomnia" album. Album version arranged by Haketa features stiff sound of piano he plays. Likewise, a song originally released as a B-Side for her debut single called "Back Door" was also re-recorded.
"Rasen" (a song whose working title was "My Fragile Life") was featured on the 2002 motion picture "Wasabi" directed by Luc Besson and starred by Ryōko Hirosue.
Music videos of 7 tracks included on the album were produced; "Gekkō" (both single and album versions), "Cage," "Memai," "Edge," "We Can Go," and studio live take of "Shine." All of them has been available on DVD entitled "Me and My Devil" issued in April 2001.
Commercial success.
"Insomnia" has been the most successful album for Chihiro Onitsuka. The album debuted at the number-one on the Oricon chart, with the sales in excess of 440,000 copies. It made her then-second youngest female chart-topper on the Oricon who followed Hikaru Utada, who had already reached the number-one spot with her debut album "First Love" at the age of 16 in 1999. Onitsuka retained the record for over 3 years, until overtaken by "Under My Skin" album by Avril Lavigne in May 2004. 
It sold over a million copies in the first month and a further 345,000 in following 20 months. It has been certified was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan, for shipments of over 1,200,000 units.
In March 2002, "Insomnia" won the 16th Japan Gold Disc Awards for "Best-Selling Rock Albums of the Year".
Track listing.
All songs composed by Chihiro Onitsuka, except "Edge" "Call" and "Memai" co-written by Takefumi Haketa 

</doc>
<doc id="20744354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744354" title="Claude de L'Estoile">
Claude de L'Estoile

Claude de L'Estoile (1602, Paris - May 1652) was a French playwright and poet. He was a founder member of the Académie française.
Biography.
Third son of Pierre de L'Estoile he inherited fortune, he devoted himself entirely to poetry and belles-lettres and became one of the first members of the French Academy in 1634 . He is the author of odes and stanzas and two plays, the beautiful slave, tragicomedy published in 1643, and Intrigue tricksters, comedy released in 1644 . A third part, Secretary of St. Innocent, remained unfinished. It also produces two ballets, The Ballet happy shipwreck and Maistre Galimathias represented before the king in 1626, and has also collaborated with François le Métel de Boisrobert, Pierre Corneille, Jean Rotrou and Guillaume Colletet the said parts "of five authors, "The Blind Smyrna and La Comédie des Tuileries, played in 1638 .
Paul Pellisson told him that "when had composed a book he was reading to his servant (as also called Malherbe ) in order to know if he had done well, believing that to not had their full perfection if they were not filled with a certain beauty that makes people feel even the roughest, and coarser. [...] It was an extraordinarily complexion brought to love, and this passion was almost all the troubles and all the evils of his life. [...] He labored with extraordinary care, and pondered a hundred times on the same things, hence it is that we have so few books about him . "
His father, in his lifetime lived with him at the Hotel de Saint-Clair, at 40 rue Saint-André-des-Arts, in the current arrondissement of Paris, which he inherited.

</doc>
<doc id="20744356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744356" title="Jiaomen Station">
Jiaomen Station

Jiaomen Station () is an elevated terminus of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 June 2007. It is located at the junction of Nanshan Avenue () and Fenghuang Avenue () in Huangge Town (), Nansha District.

</doc>
<doc id="20744359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744359" title="Cataract River (Wollondilly)">
Cataract River (Wollondilly)

Cataract River, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Macarthur region of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features.
Cataract River rises on the western slopes of the Illawarra escarpment, west of Mount Pleasant, and flows generally north northwest, impounded within Lake Cataract, before reaching its confluence with the Nepean River at Douglas Park. The river descends over its course.
The river is a source of water for the Sydney region. Water is collected by the dams, weirs and aqueducts of the Upper Nepean Scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20744367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744367" title="Motorised quadricycle">
Motorised quadricycle

Quadricycles are European categories of four-wheeled microcars defined by limitations in terms of weight, power and speed. Two categories are defined; knowingly light quadricycles (L6e), and heavy quadricycles (L7e).
History.
In 1992, the European Union published Directive 92/61/EEC which considered that quadricycles fell into the same category as mopeds. Framework Directive 2002/24/EC then refined this definition by distinguishing between light and heavy quadricycles (L6e and L7e categories).
Furthermore, Directive 2006/126 (3rd Driving Licence Directive) establishes a common framework for light quadricycles driving licences. It imposes the same requirements for light quadricycles as for mopeds, including the driving age, for which it recommends 16 years as a minimum. The transposition deadline of the directive is 19 January 2011.
Categories.
Light quadricycles (L6e).
Light quadricycles (L6e) are defined by Framework Directive 2002/24/EC as: "motor vehicles with four wheels (...) whose unladen mass is not more than 350 kg, not including the mass of the batteries in case of electric vehicles, whose maximum design speed is not more than 45 km/h, and:
These vehicles shall fulfil the technical requirements applicable to three-wheel mopeds of category L2e unless specified differently in any of the separate directives".
Heavy quadricycles (L7e).
Quadricycles (L7e), also referred to as Heavy quadricycles, are defined by Framework Directive 2002/24/EC as motor vehicles with four wheels "other than those referred to (as light quadricycles), whose unladen mass is not more than 400 kg (category L7e) (550 kg for vehicles intended for carrying goods), not including the mass of batteries in the case of electric vehicles, with a design payload not more than 200 kg (passenger) or 1000 kg (goods), and whose maximum net engine power does not exceed 15 kW. These vehicles shall be considered to be motor tricycles and shall fulfil the technical requirements applicable to motor tricycles of category L5e unless specified differently in any of the separate Directives".
Safety during collisions.
In a collision the occupants of a heavy vehicle will, on average, suffer fewer and less serious injuries than the occupants of a lighter vehicle. An accident in a 2000 lb (900 kg) vehicle will on average cause about 50% more injuries to its occupants than a 3000 lb (1350 kg) vehicle. That said, since the speed the vehicle can attain is quite minimal compared to regular cars, the collisions will tend to be lighter overall - at least for collisions that are caused by the driver of the motorised quadricycle (not for collisions in which the collision is caused by the other party).

</doc>
<doc id="20744370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744370" title="Piuchén Range">
Piuchén Range

Piuchén Range is one of the two mountain range located on Chiloé Island, in southern Chile. It is located along the Pacific Coast, and is part of the Chilean Coast Range System. 
Its northern boundary is the Chacao Channel, while to the south it is separated from the Pirulil Range by Cucao Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20744374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744374" title="Chronological Classics complete discography">
Chronological Classics complete discography

Chronological Classics was a French compact disc reissue label. The original owner Gilles Pétard intended to release the complete master takes of all jazz and swing artists that were issued on 78 rpm records. By the time the label suspended operations in July 2008, its scope had extended into the LP era. 
Pétard also started a parallel label, R&B Classics, whose releases follow on from the jazz listing, to reissue postwar rhythm & blues recordings. An unaffiliated label, Neatworks, released alternate takes and misidentified master takes of jazz artists previously issued on Chronological Classics. In 1999, Chronological Classics also issued a CD set that included tracks previously not available in the regular series, and a bonus cd with corrected tracks from previous releases.
The jazz series started with number 500, and so far includes the following albums:
1400 - 1499.
The following numbers were slated for an August 2008 release but were never issued: 
The R&B Classics series started out at No. 5000 with a total of 190 being released before the company closed.
R&B Classics

</doc>
<doc id="20744404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744404" title="Loner (disambiguation)">
Loner (disambiguation)

A loner is a person who does not actively seek, avoids, or is isolated from human interaction.
Loner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20744459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744459" title="Peter Sleebos">
Peter Sleebos

Peter Sleebos (born 5 August, 1949, Malang, Indonesia) is a Dutch pastor and leader of the Pentecostal movement.
Sleebos has been the chairman of the United Pentecostal and Evangelical Churches (VPE) since its establishment in 2000. With over 22,000 members this is the largest denomination of Pentecostal churches in the Netherlands. Sleebos is also vice chairman of the Evangelische Omroep (EO).
Before the merger into the VPE, Sleebos was chairman of the Brotherhood of Pentecostal Churches. He is also the chairman of the National Platform of the Pentecostal and Evangelical Movement and a guest teacher at Azusa Theological Seminary. Earlier, he was pastor of a Pentecostal church in Alkmaar and missionary in Indonesia.
Sleebos is married to Corrie Sleebos; they have three children: Eugenie, Maresca and Yanto.

</doc>
<doc id="20744511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744511" title="List of current NHL Eastern Conference team rosters">
List of current NHL Eastern Conference team rosters

The following is a list of current National Hockey League (NHL) Eastern Conference team rosters:
__NOEDITSECTION__

</doc>
<doc id="20744530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744530" title="Church of the Heavenly Rest">
Church of the Heavenly Rest

The Church of the Heavenly Rest is an Episcopal church on the Upper East Side of New York City, located on the corner of Fifth Avenue and 90th Street, opposite Central Park and the Carnegie Mansion. The building is noted for its architecture and for some of its congregation members.
Congregation history.
The church was founded in 1865 (officially established in 1868) by American Civil War veterans, with the assistance of the Reverend Robert Shaw Howland. It was meant as a memorial to soldiers who had died in the American Civil War. By 1900, the church had amassed close to 1000 members. The church was originally located on Fifth Avenue and 46th Street before moving to its present site.
Present church building.
The land for the current site was sold to the church in 1926 by Louise Whitfield Carnegie, Andrew Carnegie's widow. Carnegie purchased the site in 1917 for $1.7 million shortly after a sign was erected reading "for sale without restrictions", his ownership prevented apartment house development there that would intrude on his mansion's surroundings, but the site remained undeveloped with only a few billboards and a lemonade stand on one of the city's most expensive addresses. Its subsequent sale to the church carried the restrictions that the land could only be used "for a Christian church no higher than 75 feet, exclusive of steeple" through 1975.
The limestone church was designed in the neo-Gothic style by the firm Mayers, Murray & Phillip, successors to Bertram Goodhue. Goodhue died before the first stone was laid. Mayers Murray & Phillip took over construction. It opened Easter Sunday 1929, seating 1,050, at a cost of $3.2 million. Sculpture was to be executed by Malvina Hoffman, Lee Lawrie, and other artists. The architecture and sculpture combined Neo-Gothic styles with Art deco details. However, over two-thirds of the sculptural program was never executed; sculptor Janet Scudder withdrew from a commission in 1928 after it was downsized. The Stock Market Crash of 1929 ended other work and the blocky limestone facade was retained without sculpture.
Innovative design features included unobstructed views of the altar, indirect lighting and a high-tech sound system.
Music program.
The church has a number of choirs, including boys' and girls', a mized adult choir, and a bell choir. For its patronal feast, which is All Saints' Day, the hymns "For All the Saints" and "I Sing a Song of the Saints of God" are commonly sung.
Notable people.
President Chester A. Arthur's funeral took place there. Gloria Swanson's ashes were interred there.

</doc>
<doc id="20744544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744544" title="Dunbar Glass">
Dunbar Glass

Dunbar Glass Co. was a glassmaking company in Dunbar, West Virginia. It operated from 1913 to 1953. 
Some of the company's craftsmen formed Kanawha Glass Company when the Dunbar Glass company folded.

</doc>
<doc id="20744561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744561" title="Liberation Music (disambiguation)">
Liberation Music (disambiguation)

Liberation Music can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20744562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744562" title="List of current NHL Western Conference team rosters">
List of current NHL Western Conference team rosters

The following is a list of current National Hockey League (NHL) Western Conference team rosters:
__NOEDITSECTION__

</doc>
<doc id="20744569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744569" title="First English Civil War, 1642">
First English Civil War, 1642

The First English Civil War started in 1642. By the end of the year neither side had succeeded in gaining an advantage, although the King's advance on London was the closest Royalist forces came to threatening the city.
Campaign of 1642.
When the King raised his standard at Nottingham on 22 August 1642, war was already in progress on a small scale in many districts; each side endeavouring to secure, or to deny to the enemy, fortified country-houses, territory, and above all arms and money. Peace negotiations went on in the midst of these minor events, until there came from the Parliament an ultimatum, so aggressive as to fix the war-like purpose of the still vacillating court at Nottingham, and in the country at large, to convert many thousands of waverers to active Royalism.
Ere long, Charles who hitherto had fewer than 1,500 men, was at the head of an army which, though very deficient in arms and equipment, was not greatly inferior in numbers or enthusiasm to that of Parliament. The latter (20,000 strong, exclusive of detachments) was organized during July, August, and September about London, and moved from there to Northampton under the command of Lord Essex.
At this moment, the military situation was as follows: the Marquess of Hertford in South Wales, Hopton in Cornwall, and the young Earl of Derby in Lancashire, and small parties in almost every county of the west and the Midlands, were in arms for the King. North of the Tees, Newcastle, a great territorial magnate, was raising troops and supplies for the King, while Queen Henrietta Maria was busy in Holland, arranging for the importation of war material and money. In Yorkshire, opinion was divided, the royal cause being strongest in York and the North Riding, that of the Parliamentary party, in the clothing towns of the West Riding.
The important seaport of Hull, had a royalist civilian population, but Sir John Hotham, the military governor, and the garrison supported Parliament. During the summer Charles had tried to seize ammunitions stored in the city but had been forcefully rebuffed.
The Yorkshire gentry made an attempt to neutralise the county, but a local struggle soon began, and Newcastle thereupon prepared to invade Yorkshire. The whole of the south and east, as well as parts of the Midlands and the west, and the important towns of Bristol and Gloucester, were on the side of the Parliament. A small Royalist force was compelled to evacuate Oxford on 10 September.
On 13 September, the main campaign opened. The King, in order to find recruits amongst his sympathisers and arms in the armouries of the Derbyshire and Staffordshire, trained bands and also, to be in touch with his disciplined regiments in Ireland by way of Chester, moved westward to Shrewsbury. Essex followed suit by marching his army from Northampton to Worcester. Near here, a sharp cavalry engagement, Powick Bridge, took place on 23 September between the advanced cavalry of Essex's army, and a force under Prince Rupert, which was engaged in protecting the retirement of the Oxford detachment. The result of the fight was the immediate overthrow of the Parliamentary cavalry, and this gave the Royalist troopers a confidence in themselves and in their brilliant leader, which was not shaken until they met Oliver Cromwell's Ironsides.
Rupert soon withdrew to Shrewsbury, where he found many Royalist officers eager to attack Essex's new position at Worcester. But the road to London now lay open and it was decided to take it. The intention was not to avoid a battle, for the Royalist generals wanted to fight Essex before he grew too strong, and the temper of both sides made it impossible to postpone the decision. In the Earl of Clarendon's words: "it was considered more counsellable to march towards London, it being morally sure that Essex would put himself in their way". Accordingly, the army left Shrewsbury on 12 October, gaining two days' start on the enemy, and moved south-east via Bridgnorth, Birmingham, and Kenilworth. This had the desired effect.
Parliament, alarmed for its own safety, sent repeated orders to Essex to find the King and bring him to battle. Alarm gave place to determination, when it was discovered that Charles was enlisting papists and seeking foreign aid. The militia of the home counties was called out. A second army under Warwick was formed round the nucleus of the London trained bands, and Essex, straining every nerve to regain touch with the enemy, reached Kineton, where he was only seven miles (eleven kilometres) from the King's headquarters at Edgecote, on 22 October.
Battle of Edgehill.
Rupert promptly reported the enemy's presence, and his confidence dominated the irresolution of the King, and the caution of the Earl of Lindsey, the nominal Commander-in-Chief. Both sides had marched, widely dispersed in order to live, and the rapidity with which, having the clearer purpose, the Royalists drew together, helped considerably to neutralise Essex's superior numbers.
During the morning of 23 October 1642, the Royalists formed in battle order on the brow of Edge Hill, facing towards Kineton. Essex, experienced soldier as he was, had distrusted his own raw army too much to force a decision earlier in the month, when the King was weak; he now found Charles in a strong position with an equal force to his own 14,000, and some of his regiments were still some miles distant. But he advanced beyond Kineton, and the enemy promptly left their strong position and came down to the foot of the hill; situated as they were, they had either to fight wherever they could induce the enemy to engage, or to starve in the midst of hostile garrisons.
Rupert was on the right of the King's army with the greater part of the horse; Lord Lindsey and Sir Jacob Astley in the centre with the foot, while Henry Wilmot, Earl of Rochester (with whom rode the Earl of Forth, the principal military adviser of the King) with a smaller body of cavalry, was on the left. In rear of the centre were the King and a small reserve. Essex's order was similar. Rupert charged as soon as his wing was deployed, and before the infantry of either side were ready. Taking ground to his right front and then wheeling inwards at full speed, he instantly rode down the Parliamentary horse, opposed to him. Some infantry regiments of Essex's left centre shared the same fate as their cavalry.
On the other wing, Forth and Wilmot likewise swept away all that they could see of the enemy's cavalry. The undisciplined Royalists of both wings pursued the fugitives in wild disorder up to Kineton, where they were severely handled by John Hampden's infantry brigade (which was escorting the artillery and baggage of Essex's army). Rupert brought back only a few rallied squadrons to the battlefield, and in the meantime, affairs there had gone badly for the King.
The right and centre of the Parliamentary foot (the left having been brought to a halt by Rupert's charge) advanced with great resolution. Being at least as ardent as, and much better armed than Lindsey's men, they engaged the latter fiercely and slowly gained ground. Only the best regiments on either side, however, maintained their order, and the decision of the infantry battle was achieved mainly by a few Parliamentary squadrons.
One regiment of Essex's right wing had been the target of Wilmot's charge. The other two had been at the moment, invisible, and every Royalist troop on the ground, including the King's guards, joined in the mad ride to Kineton. This regiment, Essex's life-guard, and some troops that had rallied from the effect of Rupert's charge (amongst them, Captain Oliver Cromwell's), were the only cavalry still present. They now joined with decisive effect in the attack on the left of the royal infantry.
The King's line was steadily rolled up from left to right. The Parliamentary troopers captured his guns, and regiment after regiment broke up. Charles himself stood calmly in the thick of the fight, but he had not the skill to direct it. The Royal Standard was taken and retaken; Sir Edmund Verney, the standard-bearer, was killed as was Lindsey in a separate melée. By the time that Rupert returned, both sides were incapable of further effort and disillusioned as to the prospect of ending the war at a blow, so far from settling the issue the Battle of Edgehill was to be the first of a series of pitched battles.
On 24 October Essex retired, leaving Charles to claim victory and to reap its results. Banbury and Oxford were reoccupied by the Royalists, and by 28 October, Charles was marching down the Thames valley on London. Negotiations were reopened, and a peace party rapidly formed itself in London and Westminster. Yet, field fortifications sprang up around London, and when Rupert stormed Brentford and sacked it on 12 November, the trained bands moved out at once and took up a position at Turnham Green, barring the King's advance.
Hampden, with something of the fire and energy of his cousin, Cromwell, urged Essex to turn both flanks of the Royal army via Acton and Kingston; experienced professional soldiers, however, urged him not to trust the London men to hold their ground, while the rest manoeuvred. Hampden's advice was undoubtedly premature. A Sedan or Worcester was not within the power of the Parliamentarians of 1642. In Napoleon's words: "one only manoeuvres around a fixed point", and the city levies at that time were certainly not, "vis-à-vis" Rupert's cavalry, a fixed point.
As a matter of fact, after a slight cannonade at the Battle of Turnham Green on 13 November, Essex's two-to-one numerical superiority of itself compelled the King to retire to Reading. Turnham Green has justly been called the "Valmy of the English Civil War"; for like the Battle of Valmy it was a victory without having to come to battle, and the tide of invasion having reached this far, ebbed and never returned.
The winter of 1642-43.
In the winter, while Essex's army lay inactive at Windsor, Charles by degrees consolidated his position in the region of Oxford. The city was fortified as a redoubt for the whole area, and Reading, Wallingford, Abingdon, Brill, Banbury and Marlborough constituted a complete defensive ring which was developed by the creation of smaller posts from time to time.
In the North and West, winter campaigns were actively carried on: "It is summer in Yorkshire, summer in Devon, and cold winter at Windsor", said one of Essex's critics. At the beginning of December 1642, Newcastle crossed the River Tees, defeated Sir John Hotham, the Parliamentary commander in the North Riding. He then joined hands with the hard-pressed Royalists at York, establishing himself between that city and Pontefract. Lord Fairfax of Cameron and his son Sir Thomas Fairfax, who commanded for the Parliament in Yorkshire, had to retire to the district between Hull and Selby, and Newcastle was now free to turn his attention to the Puritan "clothing towns" of the West Riding, Leeds, Halifax and Bradford. The townsmen, however, showed a determined front. Sir Thomas Fairfax with a picked body of cavalry rode through Newcastle's lines into the West Riding to help them, and about the end of January 1643, Newcastle gave up the attempt to reduce the towns.
Newcastle continued his march southward, however, and gained ground for the King as far as Newark-on-Trent, so as to be in touch with the Royalists of Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire and Leicestershire (who, especially about Newark and Ashby-de-la-Zouch, were strong enough to neutralise the local forces of Parliament), and to prepare the way for the further advance of the army of the north, when the Queen's convoy should arrive from overseas.
In the west, Hopton and his friends, having obtained a true bill from the grand jury against the Parliamentary disturbers of the peace, placed themselves at the head of the county militia. They drove the rebels from Cornwall, after which they raised a small force for general service and invaded Devonshire in November 1642. Subsequently, a Parliamentary army under the Earl of Stamford was withdrawn from South Wales to engage Hopton, who had to retire into Cornwall. There, however, the Royalist general was free to employ the militia again, and thus reinforced, he won a victory over a part of Stamford's forces at the Battle of Bradock Down near Liskeard on 19 January 1643 and resumed the offensive.
About the same time, Hertford, no longer opposed by Stamford, brought over the South Wales Royalists to Oxford. The fortified area around that place was widened by the capture of Cirencester on 2 February. Gloucester and Bristol were now the only important garrisons of the Roundheads in the west. In the Midlands, in spite of a Parliamentary victory won by Sir William Brereton at the Battle of Nantwich on 28 January, the Royalists of Shropshire, Staffordshire, and Leicestershire soon extended their influence through Ashby-de-la-Zouch into Nottinghamshire and joined hands with their friends at Newark.
Around Chester, a new Royalist army was being formed under the Lord Byron, and all the efforts of Sir John Brereton and of Sir John Gell, 1st Baronet, the leading supporter of Parliament in Derbyshire, were required to hold their own, even before Newcastle's army was added to the list of their enemies. The Lord Brooke, who commanded for Parliament in Warwickshire and Staffordshire and was looked on by many as Essex's eventual successor, was killed in besieging Lichfield Cathedral on 2 March, and, though the cathedral soon capitulated, Gell and Brereton were severely handled in the indecisive Battle of Hopton Heath near Stafford on 19 March, and Prince Rupert, after an abortive raid on Bristol (7 March), marched rapidly northward, storming Birmingham en route, and recaptured Lichfield Cathedral. He was, however, soon recalled to Oxford to take part in the main campaign.
The position of affairs for Parliament was perhaps at its worst in January. The Royalist successes of November and December, the ever-present dread of foreign intervention, and the burden of new taxation which Parliament now found itself compelled to impose, disheartened its supporters. Disorders broke out in London, and, while the more determined of the rebels began thus early to think of calling in the military assistance of the Scots, the majority were for peace on any conditions.
But soon the position improved somewhat; the Earl of Stamford in the west and Brereton and Gell in the Midlands, though hard pressed, were at any rate in arms and undefeated, Newcastle had failed to conquer West Riding, and Sir William Waller, who had cleared Hampshire and Wiltshire of "malignants", entered Gloucestershire early in March, destroyed a small Royalist force at Highnam on 24 March, and secured Bristol and Gloucester for Parliament.
Finally, some of Charles's own intrigues opportunely came to light. The waverers, seeing the impossibility of plain dealing with the court, rallied again to the party of resistance. The series of negotiations called by the name of the "Treaty of Oxford" closed in April, with no more result than those which had preceded Edgehill and Turnham Green.
About this time too, following and improving upon the example of Newcastle in the north, Parliament ordered the formation of the celebrated "associations" or groups of counties, banded together by mutual consent for defence. The most powerful and best organised of these was that of the eastern counties (headquartered in Cambridge), where the danger of attack from the north was near enough to induce great energy in the preparations for meeting it, and at the same time, too distant effectively to interfere with these preparations. Above all, the Eastern Association was from the first, guided and inspired by Colonel Cromwell.
The field fortifications that were hastily thrown up during the summer of 1642 to defend London, were supplemented with the Lines of Communication (the name given for new ring of fortifications around the City of London and the outer boroughs) that were commissioned by Parliament in 1642 and completed in 1643.

</doc>
<doc id="20744588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744588" title="Pierre du Cambout de Coislin">
Pierre du Cambout de Coislin

Pierre du Cambout de Coislin (1637–1706) was a French prelate. He was a grandson of Pierre Séguier and held many important benefices - abbot of Jumièges, in 1641, of Saint-Victor, in 1643, canon of Paris, and first king's almoner in 1663. He was finally Grand Almoner of France and bishop of Orléans from 1665 to 1706, as well as (in a surprise appointment) being made cardinal priest of Trinità dei Monti.
Dangeau reported:
Saint-Simon wrote of him:
One of his successors removed the epitaph from the cardinal's tomb "since people were going there to pray to God, as at a saint's tomb". His nephew Henri Charles du Cambout de Coislin was also a bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="20744599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744599" title="Brodiaea insignis">
Brodiaea insignis

Brodiaea insignis is a rare species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common name Kaweah brodiaea. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of central Tulare County, California, where it grows along the Tule and Kaweah Rivers. It is considered endangered on the state level. 
Description.
This perennial produces an inflorescence up to 25 centimeters tall which bears purple to pinkish flowers on long pedicels. Each flower has a narrow cylindrical tube which opens into a flat face of six tepals, each 1 to 1.5 centimeters long. In the center of the flower are three fertile stamens and three staminodes, which are flat, white sterile stamens, each with a two-pointed tip.

</doc>
<doc id="20744621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744621" title="Whitegate railway station">
Whitegate railway station

Whitegate railway station was the only intermediate station on the Winsford and Over Branch Line, serving the village of Whitegate, Cheshire. The station buildings and platform survive and are used as a visitor centre for the "Whitegate Way", a linear park utilising the old track bed.

</doc>
<doc id="20744647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744647" title="Huangge Station">
Huangge Station

Huangge Station () is an elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Huangge Avenue () and Shinan Road () in Huangge Town (), Nansha District.
It was the terminus of Line 4 before the route between Huangge and Jinzhou was put into service in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20744670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744670" title="Ladok">
Ladok

In Swedish higher education, LADOK is a register for the storage and management of study results. The acronym ""Ladok"" abbreviates the Swedish ""Lokalt adb–baserat dokumentationssystem"" ("Local Edp–based documentation system")". 
LADOK has been developed by the universities and has been controlled by "Ladokkonsortiet" ("the Ladok Consortium"). Each institution using the system has its own database which is limited to containing the results and registrations of its students; 
each handles its own service management on exactly one of the three certified service nodes, which are located in Umeå, Uppsala and Lund.

</doc>
<doc id="20744713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744713" title="Mowbray (disambiguation)">
Mowbray (disambiguation)

Mowbray is the name of an Anglo-Norman baronial house. In addition to the holders of the title Baron Mowbray, it may also refer to:
Persons:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20744720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744720" title="Snoop Dogg Presents Christmas in tha Dogg House">
Snoop Dogg Presents Christmas in tha Dogg House

Snoop Dogg Presents Christmas in Tha Dogg House is a compilation album by American rapper Snoop Dogg. The album was released on December 16, 2008. The album is to be sold digital only.

</doc>
<doc id="20744725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744725" title="Keni Styles">
Keni Styles

Keni Styles is a British pornographic actor of Thai origin.
Early life.
Styles was born to a single mother who was a sex worker in Thailand. They moved to the United Kingdom when she married a British national. When the marriage ended, she moved back to Thailand leaving Styles at an orphanage. He lived there until the age of 16. After living several years in a halfway house, he joined the British Army and served in Northern Ireland, Bosnia, Kosovo twice and Iraq twice during his 7 years active duty. After leaving the Army, he entered the pornography industry, starting a company called Superman Stamina.
Career.
Styles has been active in pornographic movies since August 2006. He first found steady work in Eastern Europe, relocating to live in both Prague and Budapest. In January 2010 Styles moved to Los Angeles. He is regarded as the first heterosexual Asian male porn star in American pornography as well as the only active European heterosexual male porn star of Asian origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20744727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744727" title="Magical Thinking (book)">
Magical Thinking (book)

Magical Thinking is a 2004 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs. The book contains stories from the adult life of Augusten Burroughs. Excerpts from the chapter "Commercial Break" can be seen in the music video for Linkin Park's "Given Up".

</doc>
<doc id="20744736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744736" title="Nicolas Müller">
Nicolas Müller

Nicolas Müller, (born April 25, 1982 in Switzerland) is a Swiss snowboarder noted for his smooth riding style and his ability to read different terrains and adjusting his riding to the terrain.
Müller grew up in the small town of Aarau, west of Zurich. He began skiing at an early age. He would skateboard in the summer which prompted him to move away from skiing and try out snowboarding - as he felt snowboarding was better suited to complement his skateboarding. Müller spent a lot of time at the nearby winter resort of Laax. 
One of Müller's earlier attempts at competitive snowboarding came in 1999, when he entered the Chiquita quarter pipe competition in Arosa. He won a cash price of 40.000 francs.
2005 brought Müller to the attention of the mainstream as he was voted Transworld snowboarder of the year. Since then he has appeared in numerous snowboard videos and has placed in some of the largest snowboard competitions of the world - having placed first in the TTR O'Neill Evolution Quarter Pipe and the TTR 4 star Popcorn Snickers Classic Wallride, in 2007.
Despite these wins, Müller does not focus his time on competitions as do many other professional riders. He is better known for his appearances in countless snowboard videos - showcasing his style and ability.
Environmental awareness.
Müller is a vegetarian and pursues a sustainable lifestyle. In collaboration with Burton's Green Mountain Project, Müller has been raising environmental awareness amongst snowboarders. The Green Mountain Project product line focuses on utilizing recyclable material and eco friendly solutions to create a product that has minimal impact on the planet.
Part of the Green Mountain Project is the EcoNico snowboard, named after Müller, which has a FSC farmed woodcore and various recycled materials. 
In an effort to reconcile his usage of helicopters and snowmobiles, he offsets his carbon footprint by donating to the SuddenRush Atlantic Rainforest Institution.
Sponsors.
Swatch, Burton and Nike.

</doc>
<doc id="20744739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744739" title="Maghery Sean MacDermott's GAC">
Maghery Sean MacDermott's GAC

Maghery Sean MacDermott's GAC () is a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) club from Maghery, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. The club's home ground is Felix Hamill Park which opened in 2003 (formerly St. Mary's GAA Park, opened 1956)
History.
The club was founded in 1906 and plays in blue with a gold hoop. The club fields football teams at senior, u-21, minor, u-16, u-14, u-12 and u-10 levels.
Facilities.
The home ground of Maghery GAC is Felix Hamill Park. It was officially opened on Sunday 13 April 2003. Prior to this the ground was known as St Mary's GAA Park (opened 1956).
The first match to be played on Felix Hamill Park was between Armagh and Westmeath and took place on Sunday 16 March 2003. The official opening took place on Sunday 13 April 2003 with a blessing by Most Reverend Sean Brady Archbishop of Armagh. Other guests at the official opening were: Sean Kelly (GAA President), John O'Reilly (Ulster GAA President), Peter Quinn (Former GAA President), Joe Jordan (Armagh County Board)
As well as hosting all home games of all Maghery GAC teams, Felix Hamill Park also hosts Armagh club championship games and Ulster Colleges games.
Felix Hamill park is located on Derrywarragh Island and is flanked along its south side by Maghery Canal and along its west side by the River Blackwater.

</doc>
<doc id="20744747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744747" title="Jean-Baptiste Surian">
Jean-Baptiste Surian


</doc>
<doc id="20744759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744759" title="Chouchou (film)">
Chouchou (film)

Chouchou is a 2003 French comedy film about a maghrebin transvestite who settles in Paris to find his nephew. The film stars Gad Elmaleh as the title character Chouchou, for which he was nominated the César Award for Best Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20744775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744775" title="Keisha Kane">
Keisha Kane

Keisha Kane (born 9 November 1988) is an English pornographic actress. She has appeared in a range of hardcore pornographic films and adult websites such as Television X and Red Hot TV. Kane was named Best Female Actress at the UK Adult Film and Television Awards 2008.
In February 2014 she featured on the BBC documentary "The Truth about Webcam Girls"

</doc>
<doc id="20744797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744797" title="Red fascism">
Red fascism

Red fascism refers to the association of certain communist regimes with having similarities with fascism. Red fascism is commonly used in a pejorative way to describe Stalinism. However ideological similarities between communist and fascist governments have been noted. Michael Geyer and Sheila Fitzpatrick, in "Beyond Totalitarianism: Stalinism and Nazism Compared" (2009), note close ideological similarities between Stalinism and Nazism. 
Benito Mussolini positively reviewed Stalinism as having transformed Soviet Bolshevism into a Slavic fascism. Despite ideological differences, Adolf Hitler admired Stalin and his politics and believed that Stalin was in effect transforming Soviet Bolshevism into a form of National Socialism.
Many leftists over time became disillusioned and estranged by the Soviet Union, and condemned it for its rigid authoritarianism. Otto Rühle, a German left communist, wrote that "the struggle against fascism must begin with the struggle against bolshevism," noting the possible influence the Leninist state had on fascist states by serving as a model.
The problem of 'red fascism' has much of its origin in the misunderstanding and misapplication of the concept of the dictatorship of the proletariat, which in Russia developed in a very literal way, but in the terms of a dictatorship over the proletariat. Analyses of the Soviet state have regarded it as highly authoritarian from the beginning, as inherent in the nature of Bolshevism, but there have also been accounts of the psychological nature of Lenin as one which was not visibly hungry for power. In this sense, the Soviet Union and other communist states cannot properly be considered "red fascism", because ideologically they diverge sharply from Mussolini's or Hitler's fascism, which were openly autocratic, though in practice, a similar subordination of the individual to the state took place.

</doc>
<doc id="20744805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744805" title="Natural Environment Area (Maryland)">
Natural Environment Area (Maryland)

A Natural Environment Area (NEA) is a unit of the Maryland State Park Service of the Maryland Department of Natural Resources. These public lands are generally or more in extent and are judged to constitute a “significant natural attraction or unique geological feature”. Development within an NEA is generally confined to trails, interpretive facilities and limited support facilities. 
In contradistinction to Maryland Wildlands, which may only be established or removed by an act of the Maryland General Assembly, NEAs are designated by the DNR. (The more restrictive and protective designation of a Maryland Wildland, however, is sometimes established "within" an NEA.) 

</doc>
<doc id="20744806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744806" title="Brodiaea jolonensis">
Brodiaea jolonensis

Brodiaea jolonensis, known by the common name chaparral brodiaea, is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily family. 
The bulb is native to the coast and coastal mountain ranges of the southern half of California and of northern Baja California. Locations include the southern California Coast Ranges, the Transverse Ranges, the Peninsular Ranges, and the Channel Islands of California.
Description.
"Brodiaea jolonensis" is a perennial producing an inflorescence up to about 15 centimeters tall bearing blue-purple flowers on pedicels a few centimeters long. Each flower has six curving tepals between 1 and 2 centimeters in length. The center of the flower contains three fertile stamens ringed with three prominent sterile stamens called staminodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20744807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744807" title="Louis de Loménie">
Louis de Loménie

Louis-Léonard de Loménie (3 December 1815 – 2 April 1878) was a French scholar and essayist. He is best known for his biography of Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais, and also edited this author's complete works.
Biogrpahy.
Loménie was born at Saint-Yrieix-la-Perche, Haute-Vienne. He studied at Avignon and was professor of French literature at the Collège de France from 1862, then at the École Polytechnique from 1864, and editor of the "Revue des Deux Mondes". His first literary work was a series of biographical sketches, published under the title "Galerie des contemporains illustres par un homme de rien" (1846–1847). He was elected to the Académie française in 1871.
He died in Paris in 1878.
Works.
His chief work is "Beaumarchais et son temps" (1855), marked by much scholarly research. He also wrote "La comtesse de Rochefort et ses amis" (1871); "Esquisses historiques et littéraires" (1878); "Les Mirabeau" (1879). 

</doc>
<doc id="20744819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744819" title="Unicable">
Unicable

Unicable or UniCable may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20744826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744826" title="Keiran Lee">
Keiran Lee

Keiran Lee (born 15 January 1984 in England) is a British pornographic actor. 
Career.
Lee is currently an exclusive contract performer for Brazzers. In 2012, the company insured his penis for $1 million (£645,000) with Lloyd's of London and placed a billboard advertisement with a photo of him on Sunset Boulevard. The billboard was nominated at the 2013 XBIZ Awards for "Marketing Campaign of the Year".
In February 2012, Lee appeared on "The Jerry Springer Show" in an episode titled "Porn Star Sex".
In October 2013, Lee made his feature film directorial debut with "Hot Chicks Big Fangs" for Digital Playground.
Awards and nominations.
AVN Award Best Sex Scene in a Foreign-Shot Production
AVN Award Most Outrageous Sex Scene
AVN Award Male Performer of the Year
AVN Award Male Performer of the Year
AVN Award Male Performer 

</doc>
<doc id="20744840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744840" title="Irish Pages">
Irish Pages

Irish Pages: A Journal of Contemporary Writing is a literary magazine published in Belfast and edited by Chris Agee and Cathal Ó Searcaigh. It was launched in 2002 and appears biannually.
The journal regularly publishes articles related to Belfast and Northern Ireland generally, as well as works with a more international view. It prints both established and previously unpublished writers. According to the "Irish Pages" website
Its policy is to publish poetry, short fiction, essays, creative non-fiction, memoir, essay reviews, nature-writing, translated work, literary journalism, and other autobiographical, historical, religious and scientific writing of literary distinction. There are no standard reviews or narrowly academic articles. Irish Language and Ulster Scots writing are published in the original, with English translations or glosses.
"Irish Pages" has grown considerably since its inception in 2002, with a print run that has now risen to 2800, and an international audience. It receives subscriptions from all over Europe, Asia, Australia and North and South America.
Political outlook.
"Irish Pages" does not associate itself with any political movements in Ireland or elsewhere. To quote from the journal's brochure:
""IRISH PAGES" is a non-partisan, non-sectarian, culturally ecumenical, and wholly independent journal. It endorses no political outlook or cultural tradition, and has no editorial position on the constitutional question. Its title refers to the island of Ireland in a purely apolitical and geographic sense, in the same manner of The Church of Ireland or the Irish Sea. The sole criteria for inclusion in the journal are the distinction of writing and the integrity of the individual voice. Equal editorial attention will be given to established, emergent and new writers."
Regular Features.
Each issue of "Irish Pages" contains a number of regular features, including "The View from the Linen Hall", an editorial on cultural or political issues, domestic or international; "From the Irish Archive", a biographical note on and work from a non-contemporary Irish writer; and "The Publishing Scene", a commissioned piece which examines issues and trends in the literary world of Ireland, Britain or the United States.
In Other Words.
"In Other Words" features work in translation, with each issue featuring writing from a different country. This section has included translations from Arabic, Bosnian, Vietnamese, German, Russian, and Turkish.
Portfolio.
Each issue also includes a set of 16–24 captioned photographs, appearing under the name "Portfolio." Previous photographic contributors have included Bobbie Hanvey, John Minihan, and Paul Seawright.
Contributors.
"Irish Pages" draws on a wide range of international contributors. These have included:
Chris Agee, Gary Allen, Neal Ascherson, John Berger,
Sven Birkerts, Wendell Berry, John Burnside, Angus Calder, Moya Cannon,
Ciarán Carson, Harry Clifton, Patricia Craig, Andrew Crumey,
Gerald Dawe,
Michael Davitt, Leontia Flynn, Brian Friel, David Grossman, Michael Hamburger, Hugo Hamilton,
Seamus Heaney,
Julia Kristeva,
Michael Longley, Medbh McGuckian, Máire Mhac an tSaoi,
John Montague, Paul Muldoon, Mira Nair,
Tom Paulin,
Tim Robinson,
Susan Sontag.
Editorial Staff.
"Irish Pages" is edited by Chris Agee, a poet and essayist who holds dual Irish and American citizenship. The Irish Language Editor, Cathal Ó Searcaigh, is an Irish poet who writes in the Ulster dialect of the Irish language. Seán MacAindreasa is the Managing Editor.
The journal's staff also includes a number of interns who are currently students at Queen's University Belfast—Lynley Edmeades, Ben Maier, Ríonnagh Sheridan, Elizabeth Switaj, and Rachel Watterson—and an intern based in London, Brian Davey.
Other Publications from "Irish Pages".
This collection of essays includes the keynote contributions to The Hubert Butler Centenary Celebration (October 2000) in original or revised form, together with two comprehensive
bibliographies and a selection of historic photographs.
The first major anthology of contemporary American poetry published in Ireland, this collection is part on an international literary exchange between the Arts Council of Northern Ireland and the National Endowment for the Arts in the United States. It features Sherman Alexie, Kazim Ali, Craig Arnold, Quan Barry, Stephen Burt, Dan Chiasson, Ben Lerner, Aimee Nezhukumatathil, Kevin Prufer, Mary Quade, Paisley Rekdal, Tracy K. Smith, Juliana Spahr, A.E. Stallings, Donna Stonecipher, Mary Szybist, Natasha Trethewey, Christian Wiman, Kevin Young, Rachel Zucker, and a number of lesser-known emerging writers.
Related Events.
"Irish Pages" sponsors an annual lecture which occurs at a different venue each year. It has taken place in Dublin and Belfast. The invited speaker is always a past contributor to the journal. The 2010 lecture, "To Scullabogue Backwards from Belfast: Against Sectarian Preconceptions" was given by Patricia Craig
The journal also holds an annual Up-and-Coming Reading featuring new and emerging poets based in Belfast and participates in the annual Belfast Culture Night.
Global Literary Network.
Begun as a collaboration between "Irish Pages" and "Sarajevske Sveske", the Global Literary Network is a project bringing together literary journals from across continental and language divides. Participants thus far hail from Belfast, Sarajevo, New York, and New Delhi. The stated goal is
to foster the appreciation of outstanding writing across national barriers through translation, reprints, interviews, journal exchanges, international publicity, cultural dialogue and other forms of publishing and literary cooperation.
External links.
Review of Irish Pages Vol 5, No 2 at Newpages.com, Feb. 2011
Review of Irish Pages Vol 4, No 2 at Elevate Difference, Feb. 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20744842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744842" title="Right Time">
Right Time

Right Time is the 1976 studio album debut of influential reggae band the Mighty Diamonds. The album, released by Virgin Records after they signed the Mighty Diamonds following a search for talent in Jamaica, is critically regarded as a reggae classic, a landmark in the roots reggae subgenre. Several of the album's socially conscious songs were hits in the band's native Jamaica, with a few becoming successful in the UK underground. Influential and sometimes unconventional, the album helped secure the success of recording studio Channel One Studios, and rhythm team Sly Dunbar and Robbie Shakespeare.
Background.
The Mighty Diamonds were among the first artists signed to the Virgin record label after it entered the reggae music market. The Mighty Diamonds had been discovered by Jamaica's Channel One Studios, and when Virgin followed Island Records into the Jamaican marketplace, they, too, discovered The Mighty Diamonds. Virgin's representatives set up a table at a Sheraton Hotel with $100,000 and, after police intervention calmed the resultant excitement, left with such artists as the Mighty Diamonds, Prince Far I, Johnny Clarke and Big Youth on their roster. The album, the Mighty Diamonds' record debut, was recorded at Channel One Studios in Kingston, Jamaica, with production by Chinese Jamaican Joseph Hoo Kim, whose family owned the studio. 2006's "Caribbean Popular Music" notes that "the release of ..."Right Time" in 1976, the studio came into its own."
Critical reception.
The album has been critically well received. In 1976 "Rolling Stone" described the album as "simply one of the finest reggae LPs ever released. In 1977, it called it "the finest stateside reggae release of last year." It has come to be regarded as a reggae classic, a landmark in the roots reggae subgenre. The album is listed by Pop Matters among the "Five Reggae Albums You Cannot Live Without", with reviewer Sean Murphy commenting that ""Right Time" manages to combine several styles and merge them in a seamless, practically flawless whole. This, to be certain, is roots reggae, yet at times it sounds like the most accessible soul music, closer to Motown than Trenchtown."
Popular reception.
At the time of the album's release, violence within the music industry in Jamaica had led to the banning of official record charts there, but according to "Rolling Stone", the Mighty Diamonds were the second-most popular band in the country after Burning Spear. A number of the songs on the album were hits in Jamaica, and several of them were big in the UK underground. The title track, a "roots masterpiece" according to Allmusic, hit big in both places, although Virgin Records lacked the foresight to release the number as a single. "Shame and Pride" was also successful in both Jamaica and the UK. Other Jamaican hits on the album include "I Need a Roof" and "Africa" "Rolling Stone" suggested that if charts had been permitted, "the Diamonds' brilliant singles, like 'Right Time' and 'Have Mercy,' would have been on top all last winter."
Songs.
The music is succinctly described in 2000's "World Music: The Rough Guide" as " fine selection of sweetly harmonised vocals, militant 'rockers' rhythms and Garveyite lyrics." Although the music is sometimes unconventional, the themes are typical of reggae, focusing on what critic Robert Christgau encapsulates as "broken bodies" and "the exultation of oppression defied." The album has a strong spiritual base, with multiple references to Jah and repeated exhortations to proper behavior.
Though several of the songs draw on ancient texts or historical events, they remain essentially oriented on the future. The song "Africa" is a relatively jaunty if wistful dream of repatriation that is more optimistic about the future return to Africa than mournful about the brutal separation from it. The "right time" referenced in the title track, the first song penned by the band itself, is the upcoming Apocalypse, with the band envisioning public response with lyrics that reference the Bible and the writings of Marcus Garvey.
The latter song features a particularly tricky drum beat, which drummer Sly Dunbar recalled in 2001's "This is Reggae Music" evoked both skepticism and imitation: "When that tune first come out, because of that double tap on the rim nobody believe it was me on the drums, they thought it was some sort of sound effect we was using. Then when it go to number 1 and stay there, everybody started trying for that style and it soon become established." According to "the Independent", the entire album was "revolutionary", the breakthrough album of "masters of groove and propulsion" Dunbar and Robbie Shakespeare, with "Sly's radical drumming matching the singers' insurrectionary lyrics blow-for-blow."
Garvey, Jamaica's first national hero and a recurrent referent in Rastafarian music, doesn't only feature on "Right Time", but appears on several other songs on the album, establishing what would become a persistent theme in the Mighty Diamond's work. His words are utilized in "I Need a Roof", which draws together musical themes from "Right Time" and the traditional song "Ol' Man River" in a "bouncy yet moody" prayer for basic shelter, a "sufferation" classic that was penned in response to the rampant inflation in Jamaica at the time. "Them Never Love Poor Marcus" speaks directly of Garvey, castigating those who betrayed him.
Other songs focus heavily on proper modes of behavior. Track "Why Me Black Brother Why" explores black on black crime in Jamaica and warns that Jah will judge. The album's British single debut, "Have Mercy", is another religious appeal to Jah, described by 1998's "Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music" as "perhaps" the band's "best song." "Go Seek Your Rights" intermingles the expected message of requiring righteous treatment with an appeal to living righteously. On a similar theme, "Gnashing of Teeth" is another Apocalyptic song that warns that the only salvation is righteous behavior. Even the relationship song "Shame and Pride" focuses on righteous living as its narrator tries to keep his girlfriend from self-destruction.
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs composed by Lloyd Ferguson, Joseph "Jo Jo" Hoo Kim, Donald "Tabby" Shaw and Fitzroy Simpson."

</doc>
<doc id="20744873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744873" title="Winsford and Over railway station">
Winsford and Over railway station

Winsford and Over railway station was one of three railway stations serving the town of Winsford in Cheshire. The station was the terminus of the Winsford and Over branch operated by the Cheshire Lines Committee and later British Railways.
History.
Originally opening on 1 July 1870, it closed to passengers on 1 January 1874. It reopened on 1 May 1886, but closed to passengers for the second time on 1 December 1888. Following reopening on 1 February 1892, it remained open until final closure to passengers on 1 January 1931.
The station's passenger facilities were fairly basic. The station building was a wooden structure, originally the first station building at Northwich railway station

</doc>
<doc id="20744874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744874" title="Hunan Institute of Engineering">
Hunan Institute of Engineering

Hunan Institute of Engineering (HIE) () is located in Xiangtan, Hunan. It was founded in 1951 and is organized in 16 Schools and Departments.
History.
It was merged by the Ministry of Industry Xiangtan Electrical and Mechanical College(機械工業部湘潭機電專科學校) and Hunan Textile College(湖南紡織專科學校) in June 2000.
Alumni.
Wen Huazhi (文花枝)

</doc>
<doc id="20744877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744877" title="LSWR 460 class">
LSWR 460 class

The LSWR 460 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Twenty were constructed by Neilson and Company and Robert Stephenson and Company in 1884, and one in 1887.
Adams had originally ordered ten locomotives from each manufacturer in 1884. In 1887 Robert Stephenson and Company built an additional locomotive for display at a Jubilee exhibition in Newcastle upon Tyne, after which, it was later sold to the LSWR. The class were numbered 147, 460–478 and 526, and were a small-wheeled version of the 445 class. 
All except 526 were renumbered into the duplicate list as 0147, 0460–0478 between 1908 and 1924.
All passed to the Southern Railway at the grouping in 1923. Withdrawals started in the following year, with the last two, 467 and 470 being withdrawn in 1929. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20744882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744882" title="First English Civil War, 1643">
First English Civil War, 1643

1643 was the second year of the First English Civil War. Politically, the latter months of the year were the turning-point of the war. The King made a truce with the Irish rebels on 15 September which united against him nearly every class in Protestant England, Only ten days after the "Irish Cessation," Parliament at Westminster swore to the Solemn League and Covenant, and the die was cast.
The winter of 1642−43.
In the winter, while Essex's army lay inactive at Windsor, Charles by degrees consolidated his position in the region of Oxford. The city was fortified as a redoubt for the whole area, and Reading, Wallingford, Abingdon, Brill, Banbury and Marlborough constituted a complete defensive ring which was developed by the creation of smaller posts from time to time.
In the North and West, winter campaigns were actively carried on: "It is summer in Yorkshire, summer in Devon, and cold winter at Windsor", said one of Essex's critics. At the beginning of December 1642, Newcastle crossed the River Tees, defeated Sir John Hotham, the Parliamentary commander in the North Riding. He then joined hands with the hard-pressed Royalists at York, establishing himself between that city and Pontefract. Lord Fairfax of Cameron and his son Sir Thomas Fairfax, who commanded for the Parliament in Yorkshire, had to retire to the district between Hull and Selby, and Newcastle was now free to turn his attention to the Puritan "clothing towns" of the West Riding, Leeds, Halifax and Bradford. The townsmen, however, showed a determined front. Sir Thomas Fairfax with a picked body of cavalry rode through Newcastle's lines into the West Riding to help them, and about the end of January 1643, Newcastle gave up the attempt to reduce the towns.
Newcastle continued his march southward, however, and gained ground for the King as far as Newark-on-Trent, so as to be in touch with the Royalists of Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire and Leicestershire (who, especially about Newark and Ashby-de-la-Zouch, were strong enough to neutralise the local forces of Parliament), and to prepare the way for the further advance of the army of the north, when the Queen's convoy should arrive from overseas.
In the west, Hopton and his friends, having obtained a true bill from the grand jury against the Parliamentary disturbers of the peace, placed themselves at the head of the county militia. They drove the rebels from Cornwall, after which they raised a small force for general service and invaded Devonshire in November 1642. Subsequently, a Parliamentary army under the Earl of Stamford was withdrawn from South Wales to engage Hopton, who had to retire into Cornwall. There, however, the Royalist general was free to employ the militia again, and thus reinforced, he won a victory over a part of Stamford's forces at the Battle of Bradock Down near Liskeard on 19 January 1643 and resumed the offensive.
About the same time, Hertford, no longer opposed by Stamford, brought over the South Wales Royalists to Oxford. The fortified area around that place was widened by the capture of Cirencester on 2 February. Gloucester and Bristol were now the only important garrisons of the Roundheads in the west. In the Midlands, in spite of a Parliamentary victory won by Sir William Brereton at the Battle of Nantwich on 28 January, the Royalists of Shropshire, Staffordshire, and Leicestershire soon extended their influence through Ashby-de-la-Zouch into Nottinghamshire and joined hands with their friends at Newark.
Around Chester, a new Royalist army was being formed under the Lord Byron, and all the efforts of Sir John Brereton and of Sir John Gell, 1st Baronet, the leading supporter of Parliament in Derbyshire, were required to hold their own, even before Newcastle's army was added to the list of their enemies. The Lord Brooke, who commanded for Parliament in Warwickshire and Staffordshire and was looked on by many as Essex's eventual successor, was killed in besieging Lichfield Cathedral on 2 March, and, though the cathedral soon capitulated, Gell and Brereton were severely handled in the indecisive Battle of Hopton Heath near Stafford on 19 March, and Prince Rupert, after an abortive raid on Bristol (7 March), marched rapidly northward, storming Birmingham en route, and recaptured Lichfield Cathedral. He was, however, soon recalled to Oxford to take part in the main campaign.
The position of affairs for Parliament was perhaps at its worst in January. The Royalist successes of November and December, the ever-present dread of foreign intervention, and the burden of new taxation which Parliament now found itself compelled to impose, disheartened its supporters. Disorders broke out in London, and, while the more determined of the rebels began thus early to think of calling in the military assistance of the Scots, the majority were for peace on any conditions.
But soon the position improved somewhat; the Earl of Stamford in the west and Brereton and Gell in the Midlands, though hard pressed, were at any rate in arms and undefeated, Newcastle had failed to conquer West Riding, and Sir William Waller, who had cleared Hampshire and Wiltshire of "malignants", entered Gloucestershire early in March, destroyed a small Royalist force at Highnam on 24 March, and secured Bristol and Gloucester for Parliament.
Finally, some of Charles's own intrigues opportunely came to light. The waverers, seeing the impossibility of plain dealing with the court, rallied again to the party of resistance. The series of negotiations called by the name of the "Treaty of Oxford" closed in April, with no more result than those which had preceded Edgehill and Turnham Green.
About this time too, following and improving upon the example of Newcastle in the north, Parliament ordered the formation of the celebrated "associations" or groups of counties, banded together by mutual consent for defence. The most powerful and best organised of these was that of the eastern counties (headquartered in Cambridge), where the danger of attack from the north was near enough to induce great energy in the preparations for meeting it, and at the same time, too distant effectively to interfere with these preparations. Above all, the Eastern Association was from the first, guided and inspired by Colonel Cromwell.
Plans.
The King's plan of operations for the next campaign, which was perhaps inspired from abroad, was more elaborate than the simple "point" of 1642. The King's army, based on the fortified area around Oxford, was counted sufficient to use up Essex's forces. On either hand, therefore, in Yorkshire and in the west, the Royalist armies were to fight their way inwards towards London. After that, all three armies were to converge in London in due season, and to cut off the Essex's supplies and its sea-borne revenue, and to starve the rebellion into surrender. The condition of this threefold advance was of course that the enemy should not be able to defeat the armies in detail, i.e., that he should be fixed and held in the Thames valley; this secured, there was no purely military objection against operating in separate armies from the circumference towards the centre.
It was on the rock of local feeling that the King's plan came to grief. Even after the arrival of the Queen and her convoy, Newcastle had to allow her to proceed with a small force, and to remain behind with the main body. This was because of Lancashire and the West Riding, and above all because the port of Hull, in the hands of the Fairfaxes, constituted a menace that the Royalists of the East Riding of Yorkshire refused to ignore.
Hopton's advance too, undertaken without the Cornish levies, was checked in the Battle of Sourton Down (Dartmoor) on 25 April. On the same day, Waller captured Hereford. Essex had already left Windsor to undertake the siege of Reading. Reading was the most important point in the circle of fortresses round Oxford, which after a vain attempt at relief, surrendered to him on 26 April. Thus the opening operations were unfavourable, not indeed so far as to require the scheme to be abandoned, but at least, delaying the development until the campaigning season was far advanced.
Victories of Hopton.
But affairs improved in May. The Queen's long-expected convoy arrived at Woodstock on 13 May 1643. Stamford's army, which had again entered Cornwall, was attacked in its selected position at Stratton, and practically annihilated by Hopton on 16 May. This brilliant victory was due, above all, to Sir Bevil Grenville and the lithe Cornishmen. Though they were but 2,400 against 5,400, and destitute of artillery, they stormed "Stamford Hill", killed 300 of the enemy and captured 1,700 more with all their guns, colours and baggage. Devon was at once overrun by the victors.
Essex's army, for want of material resources, had had to be content with the capture of Reading. A Royalist force under Hertford and Prince Maurice von Simmern (Rupert's brother) moved out as far as Salisbury to hold out a hand to their friends in Devonshire. Waller, the only Parliamentary commander, left in the field in the west, had to abandon his conquests in the Severn valley to oppose the further progress of his intimate friend and present enemy, Hopton.
Early in June, Hertford and Hopton united at Chard and rapidly moved, with some cavalry skirmishing, towards Bath, where Waller's army lay. Avoiding the barrier of the Mendips, they moved round via Frome to the Avon. But Waller, thus cut off from London and threatened with investment, acted with great skill. Some days of manoeuvres and skirmishing followed, after which Hertford and Hopton found themselves on the north side of Bath, facing Waller's entrenched position on the top of Lansdown Hill. This position, the Royalists stormed on 5 July. The battle of Lansdown was a second Stratton for the Cornishmen, but this time the enemy was of different quality and far differently led. And they had to mourn the loss of Sir Bevil Grenville and the greater part of their whole force.
At dusk, both sides stood on the flat summit of the hill, still firing into one another with such energy as was not yet expended. In the night, Waller drew off his men into Bath. "We were glad they were gone", wrote a Royalist officer, "for if they had not, I know who had within the hour." Next day, Hopton was severely injured by the explosion of a wagon containing the reserve ammunition. The Royalists, finding their victory profitless, moved eastward to Devizes, closely followed by the enemy.
On 10 July, Sir William Waller took post on Roundway Down, overlooking Devizes, and captured a Royalist ammunition column from Oxford. On 11 July he came down and invested Hopton's foot in Devizes itself. The Royalist cavalry, Hertford and Maurice with them, rode away towards Salisbury. But although the siege of Devizes was pressed with such vigour that an assault was fixed for the evening of 13 July, the Cornishmen, Hopton directing the defence from his bed, held out stubbornly. On the afternoon of 13 July, Prince Maurice's horsemen appeared on Roundway Down, having ridden to Oxford, picked up reinforcements there, and returned at full speed to save their comrades.
Waller's army tried its best, but some of its elements were of doubtful quality and the ground was all in Maurice's favour. The battle did not last long. The combined attack of the Oxford force from Roundway and of Hopton's men from the town practically annihilated Waller's army. Very soon afterwards, Rupert came up with fresh Royalist forces, and the combined armies moved westward. Bristol, the second port of the kingdom, was their objective. On 26 July, four days from the opening of the siege, it was in their hands. Waller, with the beaten remnant of his army at Bath, was powerless to intervene. The effect of this blow was felt even in Dorset. Within three weeks of the surrender, Maurice, with a body of fast-moving cavalry, overran that county almost unopposed.
Adwalton Moor.
Newcastle, meanwhile, had resumed operations against the clothing towns, this time with success. The Fairfaxes had been fighting in the West Riding since January 1643, with such troops from the Hull region as they had been able to bring across Newcastle's lines. They, together with the townsmen, were too weak for Newcastle's increasing forces. An attempt was made to relieve them by bringing up the Parliament's forces in Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Lincolnshire and the Eastern Association. But local interests prevailed again, in spite of Cromwell's presence. After assembling at Nottingham, the Midland rebels quietly dispersed to their several counties on 2 June.
The Fairfaxes were left to their fate. At about the same time, Hull itself narrowly escaped capture by the Queen's forces through the treachery of Sir John Hotham, the governor, and his son, the commander of the Lincolnshire Parliamentarians. The latter had been placed under arrest at the instance of Cromwell and of Colonel John Hutchinson, the governor of Nottingham Castle; he escaped to Hull, but both father and son were seized by the citizens and afterwards executed. More serious than an isolated act of treachery was the far-reaching Royalist plot, that had been detected in Parliament itself for complicity, in which Lord Conway, Edmund Waller the poet, and several members of both Houses were arrested.
The safety of Hull was of no avail for the West Riding towns, and the Fairfaxes underwent a decisive defeat at Adwalton Battle of Adwalton (Atherton) Moor near Bradford on 30 June. After this, by way of Lincolnshire, they escaped to Hull and reorganised the defence of that place. The West Riding perforce submitted.
The Queen herself, with a second convoy and a small army under Lord Henry Jermyn, soon moved via Newark, Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Lichfield and other Royalist garrisons to Oxford, where she joined her husband on 14 July. But Newcastle (now the Marquess of Newcastle) was not yet ready for his part in the programme. The Yorkshire troops would not march on London while the enemy was master of Hull. By this time, there was a solid barrier between the royal army of the north and the capital. Roundway Down and Adwalton Moor were not, after all, destined to be fatal, though peace riots in London, dissensions in the Houses, and quarrels amongst the generals were their immediate consequences. A new factor had arisen in the war — the Eastern Association.
Cromwell and the Eastern Association.
The Eastern Association had already intervened to help in the siege of Reading and had sent troops to the abortive gathering at Nottingham, besides clearing its own ground of "malignants." From the first, Cromwell was the dominant influence.
Fresh from Edgehill, he had told Hampden: "You must get men of a spirit that is likely to go as far as gentlemen will go", not "old decayed serving-men, tapsters and such kind of fellows to encounter gentlemen that have honour and courage and resolution in them". In January 1643, he had gone to his own county to "raise such men as had the fear of God before them, and made some conscience of what they did". These men, once found, were willing, for the cause, to submit to a rigorous training and an iron discipline such as other troops, fighting for honour only or for profit only, could not be brought to endure. The result was soon apparent.
As early as 13 May, Cromwell's regiment of horse, recruited from the horse-loving yeomen of the eastern counties, demonstrated its superiority in the field, in a skirmish near Grantham. In the irregular fighting in Lincolnshire, during June and July (which was on the whole unfavourable to the Parliament), as previously in pacifying the Eastern Association itself, these Puritan troopers distinguished themselves by long and rapid marches that may bear comparison with almost any in the history of the mounted arm. When Cromwell's second opportunity came at Gainsborough on 28 July, the "Lincolneer" horse who were under his orders were fired by the example of Cromwell's own regiment. Cromwell, directing the whole with skill, and above all with energy, utterly routed the Royalist horse and killed their general, Charles Cavendish.
In the meantime the army of Essex had been inactive. After the fall of Reading, a serious epidemic of sickness had reduced it to impotence. On 18 June, the Parliamentary cavalry was routed, and John Hampden mortally wounded at Chalgrove Field near Chiselhampton. When at last Essex, having obtained the desired reinforcements, moved against Oxford from the Aylesbury side, he found his men demoralised by inaction.
Before the menace of Rupert's cavalry, to which he had nothing to oppose, Essex withdrew to Bedfordshire in July. He made no attempt to intercept the march of the Queen's convoys, permitting the Oxford army, which he should have held fast, to intervene effectually in the Midlands, the west, and the south-west. Waller might well complain that Essex, who still held Reading and the Chilterns, had given him neither active nor passive support in the critical days, preceding Roundway Down. Still, only a few voices were raised to demand his removal, and he was shortly to have an opportunity of proving his skill and devotion in a great campaign and a great battle.
The centre and the right of the three Royalist armies had for a moment (Roundway to Bristol) united to crush Waller, but their concentration was short-lived. Plymouth was to Hopton's men, what Hull was to Newcastle's. They would not march on London until the menace to their homes was removed. Further, there were dissensions among the generals, which Charles was too weak to crush. Consequently, the original plan reappeared: The main Royalist army was to operate in the centre, Hopton's (now Maurice's) on the right, Newcastle on the left towards London. While waiting for the fall of Hull and Plymouth, Charles naturally decided to make the best use of his time by reducing Gloucester, the one great fortress of Parliament in the west.
Siege and relief of Gloucester.
This decision quickly brought on a crisis. While the Earl of Manchester (with Cromwell as his lieutenant-general) was appointed to head the forces of the Eastern Association against Newcastle, and Waller was given a new army wherewith again to engage Hopton and Maurice, the task of saving Gloucester from the King's army fell to Essex. Essex was heavily reinforced and drew his army together for action in the last days of August. Resort was had to the press-gang to fill the ranks, and recruiting for Waller's new army was stopped. London sent six regiments of trained bands to the front, closing the shops so that every man should be free to take his part in what was thought to be the supreme trial of strength.
On the 26 August 1643, all being ready, Essex started. Through Aylesbury and round the north side of Oxford to Stow-on-the-Wold, the army moved resolutely, not deterred by want of food and rest, or by the attacks of Rupert's and Wilmot's horse on its flank. On 5 September, just as Gloucester was at the end of its resources, the siege of Gloucester was suddenly raised. The Royalists drew off to Painswick, for Essex had reached Cheltenham and the danger was over; the field armies, being again face to face, and free to move. There followed a series of skilful manoeuvres in the Severn and Avon valleys. At the end, the Parliamentary army gained a long start on its homeward road via Cricklade, Hungerford and Reading.
But the Royalist cavalry under Rupert, followed rapidly by Charles and the main body from Evesham, strained every nerve to head off Essex at Newbury. After a sharp skirmish on Aldbourne Chase on 18 September, they succeeded. On the 19th, the whole Royal army was drawn up, facing west, with its right on Newbury, and its left on Enborne Heath. Essex's men knew that evening that they would have to break through by force, there being no suggestion of surrender.
First Battle of Newbury.
The ground was densely intersected by hedges, except in front of the Royalists' left centre (Newbury Wash) and left (Enborne Heath). Practically, Essex's army was never formed in line of battle, for each unit was thrown into the fight as it came up its own road or lane.
On the left wing, in spite of the Royalist counter-strokes, the attack had the best of it, capturing field after field, and thus gradually gaining ground to the front. Here, Viscount Falkland was killed. On the Reading road itself Essex did not succeed in deploying on to the open ground on Newbury Wash, but victoriously repelled the royal horse when it charged up to the lanes and hedges held by his foot.
On the extreme right of the Parliamentary army, which stood in the open ground of Enborne Heath, took place a famous incident. Here, two of the London regiments, fresh to war as they were, were exposed to a trial as severe as that which broke down the veteran Spanish infantry at Rocroi in this same year. Rupert and the Royalist horse, again and again, charged up to the squares of pikes. Between each charge, his guns tried to disorder the Londoners, but it was not until the advance of the royal infantry that the trained bands retired, slowly and in magnificent order, to the edge of the heath.
The result was that Essex's army had fought its hardest, and failed to break the opposing line. But the Royalists had suffered so heavily, and above all, the valour displayed by the Parliamentarians had so profoundly impressed them, that they were glad to give up the disputed road, and withdraw into Newbury. Essex thereupon pursued his march. Reading was reached on 22 September 1643 after a small rearguard skirmish at Aldermaston, and so ended the First Battle of Newbury, one of the most dramatic episodes of English history.
Hull and Winceby.
Meanwhile the siege of Hull had commenced. The Eastern Association forces under Manchester promptly moved up into Lincolnshire, the foot besieging Lynn (which surrendered on 16 September 1643) while the horse rode into the northern part of the county to give a hand to the Fairfaxes. Fortunately the sea communications of Hull were open.
On 18 September, part of the cavalry in Hull was ferried over to Barton, and the rest under Sir Thomas Fairfax went by sea to Saltfleet a few days later, the whole joining Cromwell near Spilsby. In return, the old Lord Fairfax, who remained in Hull, received infantry reinforcements and a quantity of ammunition and stores from the Eastern Association.
On 11 October, Cromwell and Fairfax together won a brilliant cavalry action at the Battle of Winceby, driving the Royalist horse in confusion before them to Newark. On the same day, Newcastle's army around Hull, which had suffered terribly from the hardships of continuous siege work, was attacked by the garrison. They were so severely handled that the siege was given up the next day. Later, Manchester retook Lincoln and Gainsborough. Thus Lincolnshire, which had been almost entirely in Newcastle's hands before he was compelled to undertake the siege of Hull, was added, in fact as well as in name, to the Eastern Association.
Elsewhere, in the reaction after the crisis of Newbury, the war languished. The city regiments went home, leaving Essex too weak to hold Reading. The Royalists reoccupied it on 3 October. At this, the Londoners offered to serve again. They actually took part in a minor campaign around Newport Pagnell, where Rupert was attempting to fortify, as a menace to the Eastern Association and its communications with London.
Essex was successful in preventing this, but his London regiments again went home. Sir William Waller's new army in Hampshire failed lamentably in an attempt on Basing House on 7 November, the London-trained bands, deserting en bloc. Shortly afterwards, on 9 December, Arundel surrendered to a force under Sir Ralph, now Lord Hopton.
The "Irish Cessation" and the Solemn League and Covenant.
Politically, these months were the turning-point of the war. In Ireland, the King's lieutenant, by order of his master, made a truce with the Irish rebels on 15 September 1643. Charles's chief object was to set free his army to fight in England, but it was universally believed that Irish regiments in plain words, papists in arms, would shortly follow. Under these circumstances, his act united against him nearly every class in Protestant England, and brought into the English quarrel the armed strength of Presbyterian Scotland. Yet Charles, still trusting to intrigue and diplomacy to keep Scotland in check, deliberately rejected the advice of Montrose, his greatest and most faithful lieutenant, who wished to give the Scots employment for their army at home. Only ten days after the "Irish Cessation," Parliament at Westminster swore to the Solemn League and Covenant, and the die was cast.
It is true that even a semblance of Presbyterian theocracy put the "Independents" on their guard, and definitely raised the question of freedom of conscience. Secret negotiations were opened between the Independents and Charles on that basis. However, they soon discovered that the King was merely using them as instruments to bring about the betrayal of Aylesbury and other small rebel posts. All parties found it convenient to interpret the Covenant liberally for the present. At the beginning of 1644, the Parliamentary party showed so united a front that even Pym's death, on 8 December 1643, hardly affected its resolution to continue the struggle.
The troops from Ireland, thus obtained at the cost of an enormous political blunder, proved to be untrustworthy after all. Those serving in Hopton's army were "mutinous and shrewdly infected with the rebellious humour of England". When Waller's Londoners surprised and routed a Royalist detachment at Alton on 13 December 1643, half the prisoners took the Covenant.

</doc>
<doc id="20744889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744889" title="Ostro (disambiguation)">
Ostro (disambiguation)

Ostro can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20744931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744931" title="Above (Samael album)">
Above (Samael album)

Above is the eighth studio album from the heavy metal band Samael, released in March, 2009.
History.
Earlier in 2009 the band began promoting a virtual death metal band from their Myspace profile. The band was called "Above" and featured computer-designed band members in a virtual world, whose lyrics and songs were written by Samael. Later through Myspace, the band announced that they would be taking their side-project Above and turning it into their newest Samael album.
Commenting on the album, Vorph said:
"After 20 years, we've tried to do an album that would represent what SAMAEL is all about and we did 'Solar Soul'. We feel now it is the right time to the people where we come from and that's exactly what 'Above' will do. It is like an enhanced version of our three or four first albums, maybe the missing link between 'Ceremony of Opposites' and 'Passage'. With the 'Era One' project we've tried to work on different influences; with 'Above' we stripped everything down."
Notes.
The track "Dark Side" is a reworked version of "The Black Face" from the album "Worship Him".

</doc>
<doc id="20744941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744941" title="Director General of Fair Trading v First National Bank plc">
Director General of Fair Trading v First National Bank plc

Director General of Fair Trading v First National Bank plc [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/2001/52.html UKHL 52 is the leading case on the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999. It was an action to test the fairness of clauses in loan agreements which secured a bank commercial interest rates after a debtor that had defaulted and they had been to court to determine their repayment scheme. The House of Lords held that the clause did not fall within the ambit of reg 6(2) and that it was valid in accordance with the fairness test (reg 5(1)). The case was brought by the Director General of Fair Trading (now the Office of Fair Trading) on behalf of consumers.
Facts.
Condition 8 of the bank’s standard loan contract allowed the bank to get its standard interest rate after a judgment on repayment when a customer defaulted. Usually lower statutory interest rates apply under the County Court (Interest on Judgment Debts) Order 1991, but this it excluded judgment debts on consumer credit agreements under the Consumer Credit Act 1974. So the bank wanted condition 8 to get the money it would have in interest even after someone had been unable to pay. Under r 8 of the 1994 Reg’s (now r 12) the DG sought an injunction to stop the bank using the term, because it was unfair. Lord Goodhart submitted that the term merely concerned the adequacy of the bank’s remuneration, therefore fell under r 3(2) (now r 6(2)). The DG submitted it was a core term and unfair because complaints were made and the 1991 Order had excluded interest.
Judgment.
Lord Bingham, held that it was not a core term (i.e. the adequacy of the bank’s remuneration) but ‘an ancillary provision’. He said the concept of good faith under r 5(1) had an old (if hidden) English tradition, it was championed by Lord Mansfield and ‘looks to good standards of commercial morality and practice’ It is fair and open dealing, preventing unfair surprise and the absence of real choice. [17 Despite that the clause was fair.
‘There is nothing unbalanced or detrimental to the consumer in that obligation repay with interest; the absence of such a term would unbalance the contract to the detriment of the lender.’
The 1991 Order and the 1974 Act’s interaction, whereby interest had been excluded, did not make the term an unfair way of circumventing legislation, because the Act had not prohibited post-judgment interest being payable.
Lord Steyn said,
‘The system of pre-emptive challenges is a more effective way of preventing the continuing use of unfair terms and changing contraccting practice than ex casu actions: see Susan Bright, ‘Winning the battle against unfair contract terms’ (2000) 20 LS 331, 333-8.’
He added that he was initially persuaded by the idea that because the legislation had excluded interest, the court could not, but had then decided that because the legislation did not exclude expressly or by necessary implication that interest can accrue, the contract term was fair.
Lord Hope, Millett and Rodger concurred.
Significance.
Andrew Burrows writes that because good faith was said to mean ‘fair and open dealing’ and ‘significant imbalance’ meant ‘substantive unfairness’, both procedural "and" substantive unfairness is encompassed within the meaning of regulation 5(1). He also asks whether the court should have deferred to the Director General’s view of what was unfair, recognising respective institutional competence.

</doc>
<doc id="20744943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744943" title="First English Civil War, 1644">
First English Civil War, 1644

1644 was the third year of the First English Civil War. The King's position continued to decline and the Long Parliament sent the Propositions of Uxbridge, an attempt to end the war, to the king at Oxford
January and February 1644.
Hopton had to retire from the area around Arundel, and on 6 January 1644, Waller recaptured the town. Byron's Cheshire army was in no better case. Newcastle's retreat from Hull and the loss of Gainsborough had completely changed the situation in the Midlands. Brereton was joined by the younger Fairfax from Lincolnshire, and the Royalists were severely defeated for a second time at Nantwich on 25 January. As at Alton, the majority of the prisoners (amongst them, Colonel George Monck) took the Covenant and entered the Parliamentary army.
In Lancashire, as in Cheshire, Staffordshire, Nottinghamshire, and Lincolnshire, the cause of Parliament was in the ascendant. Resistance revived in the West Riding towns, Lord Fairfax was again in the field in the East Riding of Yorkshire, and even Newark was closely besieged by Sir John Meldrum. More important news came in from the north. The advanced guard of the Scottish army had passed the Tweed on 19 January, and Newcastle, with the remnant of his army, would soon be attacked in front and rear at once.
Newark and Cheriton (March 1644).
As in 1643, Rupert was soon on his way to the north to retrieve the fortunes of his side. Moving by the Welsh border, and gathering up garrisons and recruits snowball-wise as he marched, he went first to Cheshire to give a hand to Byron, and then, with the utmost speed, he made for Newark. On 20 March 1644, he bivouacked at Bingham, and on the 21st, he not only relieved Newark but routed the besiegers' cavalry. On the 22nd, Meldrum's position was so hopeless that he capitulated on terms. But, brilliant soldier as he was, the prince was unable to do more than raid a few Parliamentary posts around Lincoln. After that, he had to return his borrowed forces to their various garrisons, and go back to Walesladen, indeed with captured pikes and muskets, to raise a permanent field army.
But Rupert could not be in all places at once. Newcastle was clamorous for aid. In Lancashire, only the countess of Derby, in Lathom House, held out for the King. Her husband pressed Rupert to go to her relief. Once, too, the prince was ordered back to Oxford to furnish a travelling escort for the queen, who shortly after this, gave birth to her youngest child and returned to France. The order was countermanded within a few hours, it is true, but Charles had good reason for avoiding detachments from his own army.
On 29 March, Hopton had undergone a severe defeat at Cheriton, near New Alresford. In the preliminary manoeuvres, and in the opening stages of the battle, the advantage lay with the Royalists. The Earl of Forth, who was present, was satisfied with what had been achieved, and tried to break off the action. But Royalist indiscipline ruined everything. A young cavalry colonel, charged in defiance of orders. A fresh engagement opened, and at the last moment, Waller snatched a victory out of defeat. Worse than this was the news from Yorkshire and Scotland. Charles had at last assented to Montrose's plan and promised him a marquessate. The first attempt to raise the Royalist standard in Scotland, however, gave no omen of its later triumphs.
In Yorkshire, Sir Thomas Fairfax, advancing from Lancashire through the West Riding, joined his father. Selby was stormed on 11 April and thereupon, Newcastle, who had been manoeuvring against the Scots in Durham, hastily drew back. He sent his cavalry away, and shut himself up with his foot in York. Two days later, the Scottish general, Alexander Leslie, Lord Leven, joined the Fairfaxes and prepared to invest that city.
Plans of campaign for 1644.
The original plan of the Parliamentary "Committee of Both Kingdoms", which directed the military and civil policy of the allies after the fashion of a modern cabinet, was to combine Essex's and Manchester's armies in an attack upon the King's army. Aylesbury was appointed as the place of concentration. Waller's troops were to continue to drive back Hopton and to reconquer the west, Fairfax and the Scots, to invest Newcastle's army.
In the Midlands, Brereton and the Lincolnshire rebels could be counted upon to neutralise the one Byron, and the others, the Newark Royalists. But Waller, once more deserted by his trained bands, was unable to profit by his victory of Cheriton, and retired to Farnham. Manchester, too, was delayed because the Eastern Association was still suffering from the effects of Rupert's Newark exploit. Lincoln, abandoned by the rebels on that occasion, was not reoccupied till 6 May. Moreover, Essex found himself compelled to defend his conduct and motives to the "Committee of Both Kingdoms", and as usual, was straitened for men and money.
But though there were grave elements of weakness on the other side, the Royalists considered their own position to be hopeless. Prince Maurice was engaged in the fruitless siege of Lyme Regis. Gloucester was again a centre of activity and counterbalanced Newark, and the situation in the north was practically desperate. Rupert himself came to Oxford on 25 April 1644 to urge that his new army should be kept free to march to aid Newcastle. This was because Newscastle's army was now threatened, owing to the abandonment of the enemy's original plan by Manchester, as well as Fairfax and Leven.
There was no further talk of the concentric advance of three armies on London. The fiery prince and the methodical Earl of Forth (now honoured with the Earldom of Brentford) were at one, at least, in recommending that the Oxford area, with its own garrison and a mobile force, should be the pivot of the field armies' operations. Rupert, needing above all, adequate time for the development of the northern offensive, was not in favour of abandoning any of the barriers to Essex's advance. Brentford, on the other hand, thought it advisable to contract the lines of defence, and Charles, as usual undecided, agreed to Rupert's scheme and executed Brentford's. Reading, therefore, was dismantled early in May, and Abingdon given up shortly afterwards.
Cropredy Bridge.
It was now possible for the Roundheads to approach Oxford. Abingdon was no sooner evacuated than on 26 May 1644, Waller's and Essex's armies united there – still, unfortunately for their cause, under separate commanders. Edmund Ludlow joined Waller at Abingdon to place Oxford under siege. From Abingdon, Essex moved direct on Oxford. Waller moved towards Wantage, where he could give a hand to Edward Massey, the energetic governor of Gloucester.
Affairs seemed so bad in the west (Maurice, with a whole army was still vainly besieging the single line of low breastworks that constituted the fortress of Lyme Regis) that the King dispatched Hopton to take charge of Bristol. Nor were things much better at Oxford. The barriers of time and space, and the supply area had been deliberately given up to the enemy. Charles was practically forced to undertake extensive field operations, with no hope of success, save in consequence of the enemy's mistakes.
The enemy, as it happened, did not disappoint him. The King, probably advised by Brentford, conducted a skilful war of manoeuvre in the area defined by Stourbridge, Gloucester, Abingdon and Northampton. At the end, Essex marched off into the west with most of the general service troops to repeat at Lyme Regis, his Gloucester exploit of 1643, leaving Waller to the secondary work of keeping the King away from Oxford and reducing that fortress.
At one moment, indeed, Charles (then in Bewdley) rose to the idea of marching north to join Rupert and Newcastle, but he soon made up his mind to return to Oxford. From Bewdley, therefore, he moved to Buckingham, the distant threat on London, producing another evanescent citizen army drawn from six counties under Major-General Browne. Waller followed him closely. When the King turned upon Browne's motley host, Waller appeared in time to avert disaster, and the two armies worked away to the upper Cherwell.
Brentford and Waller were excellent strategists of the 17th century type, and neither would fight a pitched battle without every chance in his favour. Eventually on 29 June, the Royalists were successful in a series of minor fights about Cropredy Bridge. The result was, in accordance with continental custom, admitted to be an important victory, though Waller's main army drew off unharmed. In the meantime, on 15 June, Essex had relieved Lyme Regis and occupied Weymouth, and was preparing to go farther. The two rebel armies were now indeed separate. Waller had been left to do as best he could, and a worse fate was soon to overtake the cautious earl.
Campaign of Marston Moor.
During these manoeuvres, the northern campaign had been fought to an issue. Rupert's courage and energy were more likely to command success in the "English Civil War" than all the conscientious caution of an Essex or a Brentford. On 16 May 1644, Rupert left Shrewsbury to fight his way through hostile country to Lancashire, where he hoped to re-establish the Derby influence and raise new forces. Stockport was plundered on the 25th, and the besiegers of Lathom House, utterly defeated at Bolton on 28 May. Soon afterwards, he received a large reinforcement under General George Goring, which included 5,000 of Newcastle's cavalry.
The capture of the almost defenceless town of Liverpool, undertaken as usual to allay local fears, did not delay Rupert more than three or four days. He then turned towards the Yorkshire border with greatly augmented forces. On 14 June, he received a despatch from the King, the gist of which was that there was a time-limit imposed on the northern enterprise. If York were lost or did not need his help, Rupert was to make all haste southward via Worcester. "If York be relieved and you beat the rebels' armies of both kingdoms, then, but otherways not, I may possibly make a shift upon the defensive to spin out time until you come to assist me".
Charles did manage to spin out time. But it was of capital importance that Rupert had to do his work upon York and the allied army in the shortest possible time. According to the despatch, there were only two ways of saving the royal cause, "having relieved York by beating the Scots", or marching with all speed to Worcester. Rupert's duty, interpreted through the medium of his temperament, was clear enough. Newcastle still held out, his men having been encouraged by a small success on 17 June, and Rupert reached Knaresborough on the 30th.
At once, Leven, Fairfax and Manchester broke up the siege of York and moved out to meet him. But the prince, moving still at high speed, rode round their right flank via Boroughbridge and Thornton Bridge, and entered York on the north side. Newcastle tried to dissuade Rupert from fighting, but his record as a general was scarcely convincing as to the value of his advice. Rupert curtly replied that he had orders to fight, and the Royalists moved out towards Marston Moor on the morning of 2 July 1644.
The Parliamentary commanders, fearing a fresh manoeuvre, had already begun to retire towards Tadcaster, but as soon as it became evident that a battle was impending, they turned back. The battle of Marston Moor began at about four in the afternoon. It was the first real trial of strength between the best elements on either side, and it ended before night with the complete victory of the Parliamentary armies. The Royalist cause in the north collapsed once and for all. Newcastle fled to the continent, and only Rupert, resolute as ever, extricated 6,000 cavalry from the debacle, and rode away whence he had come, still the dominant figure of the war.
Independency.
The victory gave Parliament entire control of the north, but it did not lead to the definitive solution of the political problem. In fact, on the question of Charles's place in a new Constitution, the victorious generals quarrelled, even before York had surrendered. Within three weeks of the battle, the great army was broken up.
The Yorkshire troops proceeded to conquer the isolated Royalist posts in their county. The Scots marched off to besiege Newcastle-on-Tyne and to hold in check a nascent Royalist army in Westmorland. Rupert, in Lancashire, they neglected entirely. Manchester and Cromwell, already estranged, marched away into the Eastern Association. There, for want of an enemy to fight, their army was forced to be idle. Cromwell, and the ever-growing Independent element, quickly came to suspect their commander of lukewarmness in the cause. Waller's army, too, was spiritless and immobile.
On 2 July 1644, despairing of the existing military system, Cromwell made to the "Committee of Both Kingdoms", the first suggestion of the New Model Army. "My lords," he wrote, "till you have an army merely your own, that you may command, it is . . . impossible to do anything of importance." Browne's trained band army was perhaps the most ill-behaved of all. Once, the soldiers attempted to murder their own general. Parliament, in alarm, set about the formation of a new general service force on 12 July. Meanwhile, both Waller's and Browne's armies, at Abingdon and Reading respectively, ignominiously collapsed by mutiny and desertion.
It was evident that the people at large, with their respect for the law and their anxiety for their own homes, were tired of the war. Only those men, such as Cromwell, who has set their hearts on fighting out the quarrel of conscience, kept steadfastly to their purpose. Cromwell himself had already decided that the King himself must be deprived of his authority, and his supporters were equally convinced. But they were relatively few. Even the Eastern Association trained bands had joined in the disaffection in Waller's army. The unfortunate general's suggestion of a professional army, with all its dangers, indicated the only means of enforcing a peace, such as Cromwell and his friends desired.
There was this important difference, however, between Waller's idea and Cromwell's achievement that the professional soldiers of the New Model were disciplined, led, and in all things, inspired by "godly" officers. Godliness, devotion to the cause, and efficiency were indeed the only criteria Cromwell applied in choosing officers. Long before this, he had warned the Scottish major-general, Lawrence Crawford, that the precise colour of a man's religious opinions mattered nothing, compared with his devotion to them. He had told the committee of Suffolk:
If "men of honour and birth" possessed the essentials of godliness, devotion, and capacity, Cromwell preferred them. As a matter of fact, only seven out of thirty-seven of the superior officers of the original New Model were not of gentle birth.
Lostwithiel.
But all this was as yet in the future. Essex's military promenade in the west of England was the subject of immediate interest. At first successful, this general penetrated to Plymouth, whence, securely based as he thought, he could overrun Devon. Unfortunately for him, he was persuaded to overrun Cornwall as well. At once, the Cornishmen rose, as they had risen under Hopton, and the King was soon on the march from the Oxford region, disregarding the armed mobs under Waller and Browne.
Their state reflected the general languishing of the war spirit on both sides, not on one only, as Charles discovered when he learned that Lord Wilmot, the lieutenant-general of his horse, was in correspondence with Essex. Wilmot was of course placed under arrest, and was replaced by the dissolute General Goring. But it was unpleasantly evident that even gay cavaliers of the type of Wilmot had lost the ideals for which they fought. Wilmot had come to believe that the realm would never be at peace while Charles was King.
Henceforward, it will be found that the Royalist foot, now a thoroughly professional force, is superior in quality to the once superb cavalry, and not merely because its opportunities for plunder, etc. are more limited. Materially, however, the immediate victory was undeniably with the Royalists. After a brief period of manoeuvre, the Parliamentary army, now far from Plymouth, found itself surrounded and starving at Lostwithiel, on the Fowey river, without hope of assistance.
The horse cut its way out through the investing circle of posts. Essex himself escaped by sea, but Major-General Philip Skippon, his second in command, had to surrender with the whole of the foot on 2 September 1644. The officers and men were allowed to go free to Portsmouth, but their arms, guns and munitions were the spoil of the victors.
There was now no trustworthy field force in arms for Parliament south of the Humber. Even the Eastern Association army was distracted by its religious differences, which had now at last come definitely to the front and absorbed the political dispute in a wider issue. Cromwell already proposed to abolish the peerage, the members of which were inclined to make a hollow peace. He had ceased to pay the least respect to his general, Manchester, whose scheme for the solution of the quarrel was an impossible combination of Charles and Presbyterianism. Manchester, for his part, sank into a state of mere obstinacy. He refused to move against Rupert, or even to besiege Newark, and actually threatened to hang Colonel Lilburne for capturing a Royalist castle without orders.
Operations of Essex's, Waller's and Manchester's armies.
After the success of Lostwithiel, there was little to detain Charles's main army in the extreme west. Meanwhile, Banbury, a most important point in the Oxford circle, and Basing House (near Basingstoke) were in danger of capture. Waller, who had organised a small force of reliable troops, had already sent cavalry into Dorsetshire with the idea of assisting Essex. He now came himself with reinforcements to prevent, so far as lay in his power, the King's return to the Thames valley.
Charles was accompanied, of course, only by his permanent forces and by parts of Prince Maurice's and Hopton's armies. The Cornish levies had, as usual, scattered as soon as the war receded from their borders. Manchester slowly advanced to Reading, while Essex gradually reorganised his broken army at Portsmouth. Waller, far out to the west at Shaftesbury, endeavored to gain the necessary time and space for a general concentration in Wiltshire, where Charles would be far from Oxford and Basing and, in addition, outnumbered by two to one.
But the work of rearming Essex's troops proceeded slowly for want of money. Manchester peevishly refused to be hurried, either by his more vigorous subordinates or by the "Committee of Both Kingdoms", saying that the army of the Eastern Association was for the guard of its own employers, and not for general service. He pleaded the renewed activity of the Newark Royalists as his excuse, forgetting that Newark would have been in his hands ere this, had he chosen to move thither, instead of lying idle for two months.
As to the higher command, things had come to such a pass that, when the three armies at last united, a council of war, consisting of three army commanders, several senior officers, and two civilian delegates from the Committee, was constituted. When the vote of the majority had determined what was to be done, Essex, as lord general of the Parliament's first army, was to issue the necessary orders for the whole. Under such conditions, it was not likely that Waller's hopes of a great battle at Shaftesbury would be realised.
On 8 October 1644, Waller fell back, the royal army following him step by step and finally reaching Whitchurch on 10 October. Manchester arrived at Basingstoke on the 17th, Waller on the 19th, and Essex on the 21st. Charles had found that he could not relieve Basing (a mile or two from Basingstoke), without risking a battle with the enemy between himself and Oxford. He therefore took the Newbury road and relieved Donnington Castle, near Newbury, on the 22nd.
Three days later, Banbury too was relieved by a force which could now be spared from the Oxford garrison. But for once, the council of war on the other side was for fighting a battle. The Parliamentary armies, their spirits revived by the prospect of action, and by the news of the fall of Newcastle-on-Tyne and the defeat of a sally from Newark, marched briskly. On 26 October, they appeared north of Newbury on the Oxford road. Like Essex in 1643, Charles found himself headed off from the shelter of friendly fortresses. Beyond this fact there is little similarity between the two battles of Newbury, for the Royalists, in the first case, merely drew a barrier across Essex's path. On the present occasion, the eager Parliamentarians made no attempt to force the King to attack them. They were well content to attack him in his chosen position themselves, especially as he was better off for supplies and quarters than they.
Second Battle of Newbury.
The Second battle of Newbury, fought on 27 October 1644, is remarkable as being the first great manoeuvre-battle (as distinct from "pitched" battle) of the Civil War. A preliminary reconnaissance by the Parliamentary leaders (Essex was not present, owing to illness) established the fact that the King's infantry held a strong line of defence behind the Lambourn brook, from Shaw (inclusive) to Donnington (exclusive). Shaw House and adjacent buildings were being held as an advanced post. In rear of the centre, in open ground just north of Newbury, lay the bulk of the royal cavalry. In the left rear of the main line, and separated from it by more than a thousand yards, lay Prince Maurice's corps at Speen, and advanced troops on the high ground, west of that village. Donnington Castle, under its energetic governor, Sir John Boys, however, formed a strong post covering this gap with artillery fire.
The Parliamentary leaders had no intention of flinging their men away in a frontal attack on the line of the Lambourn. A flank attack from the east side could hardly succeed, owing to the obstacle presented by the confluence of the Lambourn and the Kennet. Hence, they decided on a wide turning movement via Chieveley, Winterbourne and Wickham Heath, against Prince Maurice's position. The decision, daring and energetic as it was, led only to a moderate success, for reasons which will appear. The flank march, out of range of the castle, was conducted with punctuality and precision.
The troops composing it were drawn from all three armies, and led by the best fighting generals, Waller, Cromwell, and Essex's subordinates, Balfour and Skippon. Manchester, at Clay Hill, was to stand fast until the turning movement had developed, and to make a vigorous holding attack on Shaw House, as soon as Waller's guns were heard at Speen. But there was no commander-in-chief to co-ordinate the movements of the two widely-separated corps, and consequently no co-operation.
Waller's attack was not unexpected, and Prince Maurice had made ready to meet him. Yet, the first rush of the rebels carried the entrenchments of Speen Hill. Speen itself, though stoutly defended, fell into their hands within an hour, Essex's infantry recapturing here some of the guns they had had to surrender at Lostwithiel. But meantime, Manchester, in spite of the entreaties of his staff, had not stirred from Clay Hill. He had already made one false attack early in the morning, and been severely handled, he was aware of his own deficiencies as a general.
A year before this, Manchester would have asked for and acted upon the advice of a capable soldier, such as Cromwell or Crawford. Now, however, his mind was warped by a desire for peace on any terms, and he sought only to avoid defeat, pending a happy solution of the quarrel. Those who sought to gain peace through victory were, meanwhile, driving Maurice back from hedge to hedge towards the open ground at Newbury. But every attempt to emerge from the lanes and fields was repulsed by the royal cavalry, and indeed, by every available man and horse. Charles's officers had gauged Manchester's intentions, and almost stripped the front of its defenders to stop Waller's advance. Nightfall put an end to the struggle around Newbury, and then too late, Manchester ordered the attack on Shaw House. It failed completely, in spite of the gallantry of his men, and darkness being then complete, it was not renewed.
In its general course, the battle closely resembled that of the battle of Freiburg, fought the same year on the Rhine. But, if Waller's part in the battle corresponded in a measure to Turenne's, Manchester was unequal to playing the part of Conde. Consequently, the results, in the case of the French, who won by three days of hard fighting, and even then comparatively small, were in the case of the English, practically nil. During the night, the royal army quietly marched away through the gap between Waller's and Manchester's troops. The heavy artillery and stores were left in Donnington Castle. Charles himself with a small escort rode off to the north-west to meet Rupert, and the main body gained Wallingford unmolested.
An attempt at pursuit was made by Waller and Cromwell, with all the cavalry they could lay hands on. It was, however, unsupported, for the council of war had decided to content itself with besieging Donnington Castle. A little later, after a brief and half-hearted attempt to move towards Oxford, it referred to the Committee for further instructions. Within the month, Charles, having joined Rupert at Oxford and made him general of the Royalist forces vice Brentford, reappeared in the neighbourhood of Newbury.
Donnington Castle was again relieved on 9 November, under the eyes of the Parliamentary army, which was in such a miserable condition that even Cromwell was against fighting. Some manoeuvres followed, in the course of which, Charles relieved Basing House. The Parliamentary armies fell back, not in the best order, to Reading. The season for field warfare was now far spent, and the royal army retired to enjoy good quarters and plentiful supplies around Oxford.
Self-denying ordinance.
On the other side, the dissensions between the generals had become flagrant and public. It was no longer possible for the Houses of Parliament to ignore the fact that the army must be radically reformed. Cromwell and Waller, from their places in parliament, attacked Manchester's conduct. So far as Cromwell was concerned, their attack ultimately became an attack on the Lords, most of whom held the same views as Manchester, and on the Scots, who attempted to bring Cromwell to trial as an "incendiary". At the crisis of their bitter controversy, Cromwell suddenly proposed to stifle all animosities by the resignation of all officers who were members of either House, a proposal which affected himself not less than Essex and Manchester.
The first "self-denying ordinance" was moved on 9 December 1644, and provided that "no member of either house shall have or execute any office or command...", etc. This was not accepted by the Lords. In the end, a second "self-denying ordinance" was agreed to on 3 April 1645, whereby all the persons concerned were to resign, but without prejudice to their reappointment. Simultaneously with this, the formation of the New Model was at last definitely taken into consideration. The last exploit of Sir William Waller, who was not re-employed after the passing of the ordinance, was the relief of Taunton, then besieged by General Goring's army. Cromwell served as his lieutenant-general on this occasion. We have Waller's own testimony that he was, in all things, a wise, capable and respectful subordinate. Under a leader of the stamp of Waller, Cromwell was well satisfied to obey, knowing the cause to be in good hands.
Decline of the Royalist cause.
A raid of Goring's horse from the west into Surrey, and an unsuccessful attack on General Browne at Abingdon, were the chief enterprises undertaken on the side of the Royalists during the early winter of 1644/45. It was no longer "summer in Devon, summer in Yorkshire" as in January 1643. An ever-growing section of Royalists, amongst whom Rupert himself was soon to be numbered, were for peace. Many scores of loyalist gentlemen, impoverished by the loss of three years rents of their estates, and hopeless of ultimate victory, were making their way to Westminster to give in their submission to Parliament and to pay their fines. In such circumstances, the old decision-seeking strategy was impossible.
The new plan, suggested probably by Rupert, had already been tried with strategic success in the summer campaign of 1644. It consisted essentially in using Oxford as the centre of a circle and striking out radially at any favourable target — "manoeuvring about a fixed point," as Napoleon called it.
It was significant of the decline of the Royalist cause that the "fixed point" had been, in 1643, the King's field army, based indeed on its great entrenched camp, Banbury–Cirencester–Reading–Oxford, but free to move and to hold the enemy, wherever met. But now, it was the entrenched camp itself, weakened by the loss or abandonment of its outer posts, and without the power of binding the enemy, if they chose to ignore its existence, that conditioned the scope and duration of the single remaining field army's enterprises.
New-model ordinance.
For the present, however, Charles's cause was crumbling, more from internal weakness than from the blows of the enemy. Fresh negotiations for peace which opened on 29 January 1645 at Uxbridge (by the name of which place, they are known to history) occupied the attention of the Scots and their Presbyterian friends. The rise of Independency, and of Cromwell, was a further distraction. The Lords and Commons were seriously at variance over the new army, and the Self-denying Ordinance.
But in February, a fresh mutiny in Waller's command struck alarm into the hearts of the disputants. The "treaty" of Uxbridge came to the same end as the treaty of Oxford in 1643, and a settlement as to army reform was achieved on 15 February. Though it was only on 25 March that the second and modified form of the ordinance was agreed to by both Houses, Sir Thomas Fairfax and Philip Skippon (who were not members of parliament) had been approved as lord general and major-general (of the infantry) respectively of the new army as early as 21 January. The post of lieutenant-general and cavalry commander was for the moment left vacant, but there was little doubt as to who would eventually occupy it.

</doc>
<doc id="20744947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744947" title="Singalong Songs from Scotland">
Singalong Songs from Scotland

The Singing Kettle: Singalong Songs From Scotland is a record containing 17 children’s songs. This is The Singing Kettle's first recording to be widely distributed outside the United Kingdom. The songs are performed by Cilla Fisher, Artie Trezise and Gary Coupland. Also joining in on this recording are Kevin MacLeod and Jane Fisher.

</doc>
<doc id="20744959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744959" title="LSWR 445 class">
LSWR 445 class

The LSWR 445 class was a class of express passenger 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed for the London and South Western Railway by William Adams. Twelve were constructed by Robert Stephenson and Company in 1883.
The class were numbered 445–456, and were an enlarged version of the 135 class. 
All were renumbered in to the duplicate list as 0445–0456 between 1908 and 1911.
All passed to the Southern Railway at the grouping in 1923. Withdrawals started in the same year, with four being retired in 1924, and the last seven were withdrawn in 1925. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20744962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744962" title="Paranoid (Kanye West song)">
Paranoid (Kanye West song)

"Paranoid" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released March 24, 2009 as the fourth and final single from his fourth studio album, "808s & Heartbreak" (2008). The song was co-produced with Jeff Bhasker and Plain Pat, while co-written by the three along with Consequence and Kid Cudi. The original version of the song, which appears on the album, features Mr Hudson, an English R&B/alternative rock singer who had recently been signed to West's GOOD Music label.
Release.
A remix featuring Rihanna was recorded in the Fall of 2008 and was supposed to be sent to US radio on January 20, 2009 as the album's third single, however, the release was canceled. Eventually, the album version featuring Mr Hudson was sent to radio stations instead on March 24, 2009 as the album's fourth single, shortly after the release of the album's third single, "Amazing". "Amazing" was sent for adds at Rhythmic/Urban radio only, while "Paranoid" was sent to Mainstream Top 40 radio.
Another remix, featuring Big Sean and Kid Cudi, was released shortly after the album.
Chart performance.
"Paranoid" debuted on the "Billboard" Pop 100 chart at number ninety-six on March 21, 2009. It has since peaked at number sixty-one on the now defunct chart. On the issue date of July 20, "Paranoid" debuted on the Australian Singles Chart at number ninety.
Music video.
The music video for "Paranoid" was directed by Nabil Elderkin and along with "Amazing," filmed in Hawaii. During a brief interview at the Tribeca Film Festival, West revealed he had cast Rihanna as a lead in the video. West said the following about working with Rihanna: "Yep, she's my Paranoid girl in the video. She’s an amazing talent though. Collaborating with her is always a pleasure!" Island Def Jam chairman L.A. Reid presented a version of the video during an Island Def Jam Event in New York City on May 20, 2009. The music video leaked online on May 27, 2009. The next day, West clarified on his blog that the video was an unfinished version and posted screenshots of the final version. In an interview that took place the following day, Elderkin stated that the leak was merely an early rough cut. In terms of visuals, Elderkin had originally wanted to design the video in an artistic style reminiscent to that of "A Clockwork Orange", but West subsequently opted for an abstracted noir concept instead. The video's premise is rooted in fantasy, as it centers around Rihanna's paranoid state of mind causing her to experience a surrealistic dream sequence. Meanwhile, West appears in some scenes in his human form and also his wolf form during the dream sequence. On June 3, West released the finalized version of the music video on his blog, just hours after premiering an unreleased video for "Spaceship." Mr Hudson doesn't appear in the video.
Live performances.
While showcasing artists signed onto his G.O.O.D. Music imprint, West performed the song live alongside Kid Cudi and Mr Hudson at SXSW on March 21, 2009. West provided a solo performance of the song in Denmark on July 2 while headlining the Orange Stage at the Roskilde Festival. Kanye performed "Paranoid" in Hyde Park, London on July 5 serving as a headliner for the second and final day of the 2009 Wireless Festival. West and Hudson performed the song together again during a concert held at the iTunes Festival in the London Roundhouse on July 7.
Track listing.
Digital single
Personnel.
Information taken from "808s & Heartbreak" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20744968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744968" title="Brodiaea minor">
Brodiaea minor

Brodiaea minor is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common names dwarf brodiaea and vernalpool brodiaea. 
The bulb is endemic to central California, where it grows in the grassland habitat of the Central Valley and adjacent Sierra Nevada foothills. 
Description.
"Brodiaea minor" is a small perennial producing an erect inflorescence up to 10 centimeters tall which bears light purple flowers on short pedicels. Each flower is urn-shaped with narrow, spreading tepals 1 to 2 centimeters long. In the center of the flower are three fertile stamens and three prominent, protruding sterile stamens known as staminodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20744989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20744989" title="Holcombe Ingleby">
Holcombe Ingleby

Holcombe Ingleby (18 March 1854 – 6 August 1926) was an English solicitor and Conservative Party politician. He was mayor of the borough of King's Lynn in Norfolk, and for eight years a Member of Parliament (MP) for King's Lynn.
Born on 18 March 1854, he was the son of the distinguished Shakespearian scholar, Clement Mansfield Ingleby (1823–1886) and his wife, Sarah Oakes (d. 3 January 1906), of whom he contributed an interesting memoir to the "Dictionary of National Biography". Ingleby died 6 August 1926 at Sedgeford Hall, Norfolk, at the age of 72.
From his father — originally a Birmingham man who settled near Ilford, in Essex — Holcombe Ingleby inherited everything except the ill health which interfered so much with the elder Ingleby's work; he had wealth for instance, some antiquarian tastes, much musical knowledge, and a fine voice. He went up to Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and took honours in History. After entering at Inner Temple, he changed his mind and was admitted a solicitor, practising for several years in London. The title of his firm was Ingleby and Royds, which afterwards became Royds, Rawstorne, and Co.
His marriage in 1886 to Harriett Jane Neville Rolfe, daughter of C. F. Neville Rolfe, of Heacham Hall, took him to Norfolk and King's Lynn. There he passed most of the remaining years of his life throwing himself into the affairs of the ancient borough. One of his most lasting legacies is the Royal West Norfolk Golf Club, opened in 1892, whose course he laid out.
He became Mayor of King's Lynn in 1909, and again from 1919 to 1922. He had desired that office, partly because he was fond of the place and people and a born administrator, but also for the sentimental reason that his wife's ancestors had held it 200 years before. In 1919 and 1923 he edited the "Red Register" of King's Lynn, described in "The Times" as "a collection of records of no little importance for students of social life and organization in England during the 14th and 15th centuries." At the December 1910 general election he stood as Conservative candidate for the borough, and defeated the former member, the energetic and independent Thomas Gibson Bowles by a majority of 97.
What followed caused some scandal and much amusement. Three humble voters confessedly backed by more powerful people, lodged an election petition against the new member on the ground that he and his agents had been guilty of bribery and corruption. The case was tried at King's Lynn before Mr Justice Ridley and Mr Justice Channell, and the hearing lasted several days, reports being eagerly read all over the country. Ingleby had undoubtedly been the most lavish of entertainers. At his house, Sedgeford Hall, a few miles away, he had habitually received vast parties of guests, providing them with "pageants and carnivals," not to speak of refreshments, the attendance numbering 7,000 in 1905 and 3,000 in 1909. At that time he was not a Parliamentary candidate, but something of the kind went on after he became one, while presents of game were abundant. In giving evidence, the Liberal agent declared that rabbits had been scattered among the voters; he confessed that he himself had accepted a couple of wild duck. In the end, the Judges decided that the festivals and gifts had not been corruptly provided, and Ingleby was declared duly elected, and held the seat till 1918.
It was not only in Norfolk, where he was High Sheriff in 1923, that Ingleby was popular. The House of Commons liked him for geniality and common sense; at the Carlton Club, at Boodle's, and at The Athenæum he was always welcome.

</doc>
<doc id="20745028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745028" title="Bloodlust (roleplaying game)">
Bloodlust (roleplaying game)

Bloodlust is a French sword and sorcery role-playing game. It was created by Croc, the G. E. Ranne duo and Stéphane Bura, illustrated by Alberto Varanda, and published by Asmodée Éditions between 1991 and 1997. The covers of almost all the books of the series come from paintings by Frank Frazetta.
A new edition, called “Bloodlust Édition Métal” (Metal Edition Bloodlust), has been published in July 2012 by John Doe.
In this game, player characters are living god-weapons ("armes-dieux") gifted with magical powers, and their human bearers. The inspiration of the game comes foremost from Michael Moorcock's Elric of Melniboné series, which relates the saga of prince Elric and his demon sword, Stormbringer. The game also borrows inspiration from Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian. The Helliconia trilogy by Brian Aldiss inspired "Bloodlust"'s three moons, whose phases influence human passions.
Tanaephis.
The continent of Tanaephis is the main setting of the game. Its physical geography is borrowed from real-world Antarctica, but it is shared by several ethnicities. Tanaephis used to host orcs, elves and dwarves, but they are now extinct and only humans remain.
The different people of Tanaephis are mostly inspired by real-world people, but their names come from the board game Freedom in the Galaxy.
Alwegs.
The Alwegs are not really an ethnic group: it is a derogative term that applies to all the pariahs and half-breeds of the other ethnic groups. Each nation has a different definition of what an Alweg is. They usually are treated as second-class citizens, and many become mercenaries.
Batranobans.
The Batranobans, who resemble real-world Arab people, were historically the first human empire and the first humans to create an alphabet. They live in a desert featuring great cities of white stone in the south-west of the continent. Their society is based on trade, especially the trade of magical spices, making them close to the Fremen of Frank Herbert's "Dune" series.
Derigions.
The "Derigions" are a decadent people, akin to those in Ancient Rome or Greece. They were formed by the alliance of three local tribes and used to dominate most of Tanaephis. However, after the Vorozion and Batranoban rebellions, the Piorad and Sekeker raids, and especially the political and cultural decadence of the Derigions, the empire slowly crumbled. It is now restricted to the gigantic capital city, Pôle, and the neighbouring villages. Pôle, the greatest city of Tanaephis, was built by the dwarves for their elf friends long before the rise of the human empires. With the extinction of the elves, humans took control of it. The Derigion empire, decadent but scarred by corruption and military defeats, still maintains a great trading city where most of the artists and students of the continent gather.
Ghadars.
The Ghadars are a black-skinned people who share their jungles in the south-east of Tanaephis with monsters and dinosaurs. The jungle keeps them apart from other people. They have a limited genetic memory that allows them to feel bits of a forgotten past. Some rare Ghadars can wield weak magical powers, which is an exception since magic normally only comes from the god-weapons.
Hysnatons.
The Hysnatons, like the Alwegs, are not really an ethnicity. Instead, all the humans showing characteristics of an extinct race (elves, orcs or dwarves) are called Hysnaton. This word actually means "Übermensch", coined by a Hysnaton intellectual out of irony to mock the discrimination the Hysnatons suffer. Despite this racism, some Hysnatons can be more efficient than normal humans in some domains thanks to their particularities. For instance, many elf-blooded Hysnatons work as expensive prostitutes. On the opposite, special mercenary units called the "scorias" are made of extremely hideous Hysnatons.
Piorads.
The Piorads borrow from the Vikings and Cimmerians: they are barbarians who sailed from another continent and burned their ships to fight on the land and become excellent horsemen. Sometimes, a Piorad is born with red eyes: he is an "œil-de-braise" and will join an elite unit. Piorad warriors ride carnivorous horses called the chagars, and fight brutally.
Sekekers.
The Sekekers are wild raider women. They were founded by Batranoban oppressed women. Like the Amazons, they hate men and the only males tolerated in their tribes are castrated slaves. They are few in numbers and live in the plains of the middle of Tanaephis, from which they raid the neighbouring people and the city of Pôle. They do not breed, and need to snatch babies and little girls from foreigners. The Sekekers mutilate themselves through infibulation and breast ablation, to reject their femininity. Only the prettiest little girls are not mutilated: they are instead raised to form an elite unit, the "chrysalides", who fight half-naked to intimidate their male enemies.
Thunks.
The Thunks are inspired from the real-world Inuit and Mongol people: they are pony-riding nomads who survive in icy mountains in the far north of Tanaephis. They are mostly pacific, unorganised and sexually free, but they will defend themselves vehemently against their sworn enemies, the Piorads. They prefer to ambush their foes with bows rather than fight them in hand-to-hand combat.
Vorozions.
The Vorozions are in their golden age: they have rebelled against the old Derigion empire, and have conquered most of it. They oppose the slavery of the Derigions and see themselves as liberators, but their empire is still dominated by a rigid bureaucracy. They are excellent craftsmen, and the only people in Tanaephis who know how to make plate armour. The Vorozions dominate the farmlands in the east of Tanaephis, between the Piorad lands, the Ghadar jungles, the Sekeker plains and Pôle.
God-weapons.
The god-weapons are the main specificity of "Bloodlust," compared to other fantasy roleplaying games. They are close combat weapons and shields in which a god has incarnated. They therefore have a mind, a memory, an intelligence and passions, as well as magical powers that their wielder can use. These arms are wielded by humans (and sometimes other creatures) with whom they have a symbiotic relationship. The weapon gives magical powers to its wielder in exchange for the sensations it feels. Without a wielder, a weapon is inert. Without a god-weapon, a man cannot be as powerful and respected.
It is suggested that the player characters of "Bloodlust" play the wielders, or the god-weapons themselves. Another option is that half of the PC play weapons, and the other half plays their human wielders.
Like the characters of most roleplaying games, the god-weapons grow in power thanks to an experience system. But the god-weapons earn experience by living their desires of prestige, sex, wealth, violence and reputation. These experience points allow them to grow stronger and earn new powers, but also to control their wielders better.
A particularly powerful god-weapon can manage to meld into its wielder. The weapon then disappears but its wielder earns its powers and immortality. Several different things can happen to the minds of the weapon and the carrier: they can meld into each other, exist together in one body, or one can destroy the other. In all these situations, the powers manifest themselves on the body of the wielder; the resulting creature is called a "fusionned" or "possessed one"
Game system.
The game system is rather simple: each character has six traits that can go up to 20, and a number of skills that can go up to 100. One must roll less than these skills with a percentile die to succeed at a task. The result of the second die shows the breadth of a success or failure.
In a fight, every fighter choses on each round an action among six possible actions (brutal attack, quick attack, dodge...), which allows for several different tactics. Combat is usually quick and bloody.
A mass combat system is included in the core rulebook.
Reception.
On its publishing in 1991, the "Bloodlust" gamebox was one of the biggest successes of French roleplaying games. Publication of new supplements has stopped in 1997 with the "Vengeance" book, which is blamed as being so bad it contributed to the game's end.
It was translated into German by Truant in 2001 under the name "Hyperborea, Meister des Stahls" ("Hyperborea, Master of Steel").
As of 2008, the French version of the game is unavailable in print. However, scans of the game in .pdf format are available on P2P networks, with the authorization of the game's publisher.
A new French edition has been published by John Doe in July 2012. Its background is placed long after the 'moonshards' campaign ("Eclats de Lune"). The game system of the previous edition has been replaced by a new one, called 'Métal'.

</doc>
<doc id="20745030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745030" title="Michael Spindelegger">
Michael Spindelegger

Michael Spindelegger (born December 21, 1959) is an Austrian politician. He has served in the cabinet of Chancellor Werner Faymann as Finance Minister of Austria since 2013; additionally, he is Vice Chancellor since 2011. He was Foreign Minister from 2008 to 2013. Spindelegger is also the leader of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) since 2011.
Early and personal life.
Spindelegger was born in Mödling, Lower Austria. He went to school in Hinterbrühl (1965–1969) and to the "gymnasium" Keimgasse in Mödling (1969–1977). From 1977 to 1978 he served for one year in the Austrian Armed Forces, being trained as a reserve officer. From 1978 he studied law at the University of Vienna, and received a doctorate in law in 1983.
Spindelegger is married, and has two sons. He is member of the Austrian Catholic student fraternity Cartellverband.
Professional career.
From 1982 to 1983, Spindelegger was Assistant Lecturer and Researcher at the Institute of Criminal Law, University of Vienna.
From 1983 to 1984, he worked as a judge's assistant at several Courts of Law in Vienna, and from 1984 to 1987 as a civil servant for the Federal State of Lower Austria.
From 1987 to 1990, he worked for Austrian Defense Minister Robert Lichal, and between 1990 and 1994 for a number of companies in Austria and Germany, including Siemens.
Political career.
From 1992 to 1993, Spindelegger was Member of the Federal Council of Austria.
From January 1995 to October 1996, Spindelegger was Member of the European Parliament.
From December 1993 to March 1995, and since October 1996, he is member of the National Council of Austria ("Nationalrat"). Between October 1996 and October 2006, he was his party's Speaker on Foreign Affairs, and head of the Parliamentary Committee on Foreign Affairs.
From 1991 Spindelegger was the deputy federal chairperson of the ÖAAB and since 2009 has been federal chair. From January 2000 to January 2007, he was Member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, and from January 2002 to October 2006 head of the Austrian delegation.
From March 2000 to October 2006, he was vice-chairman of the Austrian People's Party.
On October 30, 2006 he became Second Speaker of the Austrian Parliament. He held this office until November 2008.
Between 2008 and 2013 he served as Foreign Minister of Austria, in April 2011 he additionally took over the post of Vice Chancellor from Josef Pröll. He was elected ÖVP Party Chairman in May 2011. In 2013 Spindelegger became Austria's Finance Minister.
Awards.
Spindelegger received : 

</doc>
<doc id="20745033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745033" title="OneVu">
OneVu

OneVu is an online service that enables consumers to view, track and pay bills online through their internet bank.
History and ownership.
OneVu is wholly owned by VocaLink, which processes automated payments in the UK.
The company was formed in 2003 as Electronic Bill Presentment & Payment Ltd (EBPP) and changed its name and identity to OneVu in 2004.
OneVu is in effect part of VocaLink’s strategy of continuous enhancement to the UK payments system through online bill payment and paperless billing.
Service principles.
OneVu is a consolidated bill management service. It differs from aggregated services that ‘scrape’ data from other websites, by providing secure authentication which is only achievable via contractual relationships with participating organisations. Further; the OneVu service is housed within the secure infrastructure that ultimately pays 90% of UK salaries.
The service integrates with online banks’ websites, largely on a ‘white label’ basis. Consumers use OneVu as part of everyday online banking. They benefit from the same security that is applied to their current or savings accounts.
Bill information is presented in a table and in chronological order. For each bill, the consumer can drill down to a bill summary and then, if available, to an Adobe Reader PDF version of the full bill. This information is served directly and securely from the biller’s website. The consumer does not need to remember or enter additional username or password details.
Using OneVu, it is possible for consumers to manage bills that are paid automatically by Direct Debit and those of a variable nature, such as credit cards. In most cases, consumers may pay bills through the bank’s secure payment service. OneVu automatically inserts bill payment reference information, making the process seamless and error-free.
For consumers who are not customers of currently participating banks, OneVu operates a stand-alone service called MyBillsOnline that provides bill management without a payment facility.
Current position.
OneVu is available on the websites of three banks – Lloyds Bank, TSB, Royal Bank of Scotland and NatWest – and accessible to almost nine million people who bank online. Around 300 million bills are under management.
The service is known as ‘Bill Manager’ on the Lloyds Bank and TSB online banking websites and ‘Bill management’ on RBS and NatWest.
Around 25 billing organisation brands are part of the OneVu proposition. This list may be seen on the OneVu website and ranges from utilities to loyalty programmes. OneVu undertakes the task of integration with participating companies’ IT and billing systems, a process that typically takes three to four months.
As may be expected, the service is promoted for its convenience and ease of use, lower cost for billers and the environmental advantages associated with reducing waste paper.
Future developments.
CheckFree i-series, the technology behind OneVu, is designed to manage services beyond bills. New features, both transactional and informational, will be added to the service in due course. 
Further banks and billing organisations are expected to join OneVu in line with their plans for online banking and electronic billing.
Awards.
In 2007, the OneVu service was voted winner for faster payments in the ‘payments innovation’ category of The Banker Technology Awards and won the ‘most innovative retail or corporate payments service’ category in the EPCA/ECR (European Payments Consulting Association/European Card Review) Excellence in Payments Innovations Awards, 2007.
OneVu also was recognised as a Business Superbrand, together with Voca (VocaLink’s predecessor) in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20745034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745034" title="Projekt-27">
Projekt-27

Projekt 27, usually referred to as P-27, was a secret intelligence gathering unit of the Swiss Army between 1981 and 1990. It was located within the Swiss military intelligence service UNA and tasked with the 'gathering of intelligence under unusual and dangerous conditions'. It was dissolved in 1990, in the wake of the scandal surrounding the discovery of the secret Swiss stay-behind organization P-26.

</doc>
<doc id="20745039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745039" title="Stephen Dilts">
Stephen Dilts

Stephen Dilts is a former Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT), having been sworn into the post on December 16, 2008 and leaving that position early in 2010. Dilts succeeded Kris Kolluri, who was shifted to head the $12.5 billion New Jersey Schools Development Authority.
As Commissioner, Dilts also served as Chairman of New Jersey Transit, the New Jersey Turnpike Authority and the South Jersey Transportation Authority. Collectively, Dilts oversaw 17,000 employees, operating budgets of $2 billion per year and more than $3.6 billion in capital funds.
Dilts was employed by the New Jersey Turnpike Authority from 2002 until 2006, working variously as Chief of Staff and the as Deputy Executive Director, Operations, where he managed the Authority's Maintenance, Toll and Operations departments. He was involved in major projects including the consolidation of the Turnpike and Highway Authorities, One-Way Tolling, Express E-ZPass, and planned widening of the Garden State Parkway and the New Jersey Turnpike.
He was awarded with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Boston University and a Masters degree in Government Administration from the Fels Institute of Government at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a resident of Hampton Borough, where he had previously served as Mayor and Council President.

</doc>
<doc id="20745074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745074" title="Hans Wiedemann">
Hans Wiedemann

Hans Wiedemann is a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1930s. He won a silver medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1938 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Vaxholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20745082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745082" title="Aragua de Barcelona">
Aragua de Barcelona

Aragua de Barcelona is the shire town of Aragua Municipality in Anzoátegui State in Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="20745084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745084" title="Mojinos Escozíos">
Mojinos Escozíos

Mojinos Escozíos (Spanish for "Burnt Asses") is a Spanish comedy rock band, mostly significant because of their lyrics on their songs, that may be considered irreverent, humorous, and possibly eschatological.
Style.
In their songs, the musical influence of the big bands of hard rock and heavy metal like AC/DC, Deep Purple, Iron Maiden and Metallica is appreciable. Their style sounds most like this sound, but some songs are known because of the influence of blues rock on their style.

</doc>
<doc id="20745088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745088" title="Eview 360">
Eview 360

Eview 360 is a design agency based in Michigan, with offices in Farmington Hills and Dubai, UAE, the agency has contributed to the business initiatives of global brands and currently provides services to Ford Motor Company, Ford Land, Jaguar Land Rover, Volvo and Tessera Executive Search. Eview 360 is recognized as a diverse agency that operates across all mediums; print, web and physical space.
The company is credited for the invention of 360ware, The Collaborative Suite, a web based platform used to power a variety of modules such as content management systems, project management and collaboration, CRMs and fulfillment. 360ware has been used by Fortune 500 companies since 2000, including Ford Motor Company, Jaguar, Land Rover, Volvo and Quick Lane.
History.
The company made its mark with the invention of 360ware. The exposure to global brands such as Ford, Lincoln Mercury, Volvo, Jaguar and Land Rover, enabled Eview 360 to diversify into the print medium and branded environments. The company is well known for its contribution to the Ford Lincoln Mercury Dealership Program. The Eview 360 team has been instrumental in the roll out of the prototypical design found in Ford Lincoln Mercury Dealerships across the country. In addition, Eview 360 has been responsible for branding campaigns for global companies such as Tessera Executive Search in Dubai, UAE.

</doc>
<doc id="20745096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745096" title="Bohumil Sládek">
Bohumil Sládek

Bohumil Sládek is a Czechoslovak sprint canoer who competed in the late 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1938 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Vaxholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20745109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745109" title="Sven Rinman">
Sven Rinman

Sven Rinman 23 June(N.S)/12 June(O.S) 1720 – 20 December 1792 
was a Swedish chemist and mineralogist who discovered the pigment cobalt green, sometimes also called Rinman's green. He had a great influence on mining and the steel production in Sweden.
Life and work.
Rinman was born in Uppsala on 23 June(N.S) 1720. At the age of 20 he became teacher at the Royal College of Mines. In the years 1746 and 1747 Rinman visited several European countries to improve his knowledge on mining and metallurgy. After his return he became inspector in several mines and metal works. His research on mining and metallurgy had a big influence on the Swedish industry. He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1753. His two most widely used books "Bergwerks lexicon"(1788–89) (Mining lexicon) and "Afhandling rörande mechaniquen" (1794) (Treatise on Mechanique), which was published by his son Carl after his death, became standard for mining engineers in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20745111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745111" title="First English Civil War, 1645">
First English Civil War, 1645

1645 was the fourth year of the First English Civil War. By the beginning of 1645 the war was going badly for Charles I and the campaigns of 1645 did not see a recovery in his prospects.
New-model ordinance.
For the present, Charles's cause was crumbling, more from internal weakness than from the blows of the enemy. Fresh negotiations for peace which opened on 29 January 1645 at Uxbridge (by the name of which place, they are known to history) occupied the attention of the Scots and their Presbyterian friends. The rise of Independency, and of Cromwell, was a further distraction. The Lords and Commons were seriously at variance over the new army, and the Self-denying Ordinance.
But in February, a fresh mutiny in Waller's command struck alarm into the hearts of the disputants. The "treaty" of Uxbridge came to the same end as the treaty of Oxford in 1643, and a settlement as to army reform was achieved on 15 February. Though it was only on 25 March that the second and modified form of the ordinance was agreed to by both Houses, Sir Thomas Fairfax and Philip Skippon (who were not members of parliament) had been approved as lord general and major-general (of the infantry) respectively of the new army as early as 21 January. The post of lieutenant-general and cavalry commander was for the moment left vacant, but there was little doubt as to who would eventually occupy it.
Organisation of the New Model Army.
The New Model Army's first necessity was regular pay; its first duty to serve wherever it might be sent. Of the three armies that had fought at Newbury, only one, Essex's, was in a true sense a general service force; and only one, Manchester's, was paid with any regularity. Waller's army was no better paid than Essex's, and no freer from local ties than Manchester's. It was therefore broken up early in April, and only 600 of its infantry passed into the New Model. Essex's men, on the other hand, wanted but regular pay and strict officers to make them excellent soldiers. Their own major-general, Skippon, managed by tact and his personal popularity, to persuade the bulk of the men to rejoin. Manchester's army, in which Cromwell had been the guiding influence from first to last, was naturally the backbone of the New Model.
Early in April 1645, Essex, Manchester, and Waller resigned their commissions in anticipation of the passing by Parliament of the self-denying ordinance. Those in the forces, who were not embodied in the new army, were sent to do local duties, for minor armies were still maintained — General Sydnam Poyntz's in the north Midlands; General Edward Massey's in the Severn valley; a large force in the Eastern Association; General Browne's in Buckinghamshire, etc., — besides the Scots in the north.
The New Model originally consisted of 14,400 foot and 7,700 horse and dragoons. Of the infantry, only 6,000 came from the combined armies, the rest being new recruits furnished by the 'press'. Thus, there was considerable trouble during the first months of Fairfax's command, and discipline had to be enforced with unusual sternness. As for the enemy, Oxford was openly contemptuous of "the rebels' new brutish general" and his men, who seemed hardly likely to succeed, where Essex and Waller had failed. But the effect of Parliament having "an army all its own" was soon to be apparent.
First operations of 1645.
On the Royalist side, the campaign of 1645 opened in the west, where Charles II, the young prince of Wales was sent with Hyde (later, Earl of Clarendon), Hopton, and others as his advisers. General (Lord) Goring, however, now in command of the Royalist field forces in this quarter, was truculent, insubordinate and dissolute. On the rare occasions when he did his duty, however, he did display a certain degree of skill and leadership, and the influence of the prince's counsellors was but small.
As usual, operations began with the sieges, necessary to conciliate local feeling. Plymouth and Lyme Regis were blocked up, and Taunton again invested. The reinforcement thrown into the last place by Waller and Cromwell was dismissed by Blake (then a colonel in command of the fortress (afterwards, the great admiral of the Commonwealth). After many adventures, Blake rejoined Waller and Cromwell. The latter generals, who had not yet laid down their commissions, then engaged Goring for some weeks. Neither side had infantry or artillery, and both found subsistence difficult in February and March. In a country that had been fought over for the two years past, no results were to be expected. Taunton still remained unrelieved, and Goring's horse still rode all over Dorsetshire, when the New Model at last took the field.
Rupert's northern march.
In the Midlands and Lancashire, the Royalist horse, as ill-behaved even as Goring's men, were directly responsible for the ignominious failure with which the King's main army began its year's work. Prince Maurice was joined at Ludlow by Rupert and part of his Oxford army, early in March 1645. The brothers drove off Brereton from the siege of Beeston Castle, and relieved the pressure on Lord Byron in Cheshire. So great was the danger of Rupert's again invading Lancashire and Yorkshire that all available forces in the north, English and Scots, were ordered to march against him. But at this moment the prince was called back to clear his line of retreat on Oxford.
The Herefordshire and Worcestershire peasantry, weary of military exactions, were in arms. Though they would not join Parliament, and for the most part dispersed after stating their grievances, the main enterprise was wrecked. This was but one of many ill-armed crowds, the "Clubmen" as they were called, that assembled to enforce peace on both parties. A few regular soldiers were sufficient to disperse them in all cases, but their attempt to establish a third party in England was morally as significant as it was materially futile.
The Royalists were now fighting with the courage of despair. Those who still fought against Charles did so with the full determination to ensure the triumph of their cause, and with the conviction that the only possible way was the annihilation of the enemy's armed forces. The majority, however, were so weary of the war that the Earl of Manchester's Presbyterian royalism, which had contributed so materially to the prolongation of the struggle, would probably have been accepted by four-fifths of all England as the basis of a peace. It was, in fact, in the face of almost universal opposition, that Fairfax and Cromwell and their friends at Westminster guided the cause of their weaker comrades to complete victory.
Cromwell's raid.
Having without difficulty, rid himself of the Clubmen, Rupert was eager to resume his march into the north. It is unlikely that he wished to join Montrose in Scotland, though Charles himself favoured that plan. However, he certainly intended to fight the Scottish army, more especially as after the Covenanter's defeat at the Scottish Battle of Inverlochy, the Scottish army in England had been called upon to detach a large force to deal with Montrose. But this time there was no Royalist army in the north to provide infantry and guns for a pitched battle. Rupert had perforce to wait near Hereford till the main body, and in particular the artillery train, could come from Oxford and join him.
It was on the march of the artillery train to Hereford that the first operations of the New Model centred. The infantry was not yet ready to move, in spite of all Fairfax's and Skippon's efforts. It became necessary to send the cavalry, by itself, to prevent Rupert from gaining a start. Cromwell, then under Waller's command, had come to Windsor to resign his commission, as required by the Self-denying Ordinance. Instead, he was placed at the head of a brigade of his own old soldiers, with orders to stop the march of the artillery train.
On 23 April 1645, Cromwell started from Watlington, north-westward. At dawn on the 24th, he routed a detachment of Royalist horse at Islip. On the same day, though he had no guns and only a few firearms in the whole force, he terrified the governor of Bletchingdon House into surrender. Riding thence to Witney, Cromwell won another cavalry fight at Bampton-in-the-Bush on the 27th, and attacked Faringdon House, though without success, on 29 April. From there, he marched at leisure to Newbury. He had done his work thoroughly. He had demoralised the Royalist cavalry, and, above all, had carried off every horse on the countryside. To all Rupert's entreaties, Charles could only reply that the guns could not be moved till the 7 May, and he even summoned Goring's cavalry from the west to make good his losses.
Civilian strategy.
Cromwell's success thus forced the King to concentrate his various armies in the neighbourhood of Oxford. The New Model had, so Fairfax and Cromwell hoped, found its target. But the "Committee of Both Kingdoms" on the one side, and Charles, Rupert, and Goring, on the other, held different views. On 1 May 1645, Fairfax, having been ordered to relieve Taunton, set out from Windsor for the long march to that place. Meeting Cromwell at Newbury on 2 May, he directed the lieutenant-general to watch the movements of the King's army. He himself marched on to Blandford, which he reached on 7 May. Thus, Fairfax and the main army of Parliament were marching away in the west, while Cromwell's detachment was left, as Waller had been left the previous year, to hold the King, as best he could.
On the very evening that Cromwell's raid ended, the leading troops of Goring's command destroyed part of Cromwell's own regiment near Faringdon. On 3 May Rupert and Maurice appeared with a force of all arms at Burford. Yet the "Committee of Both Kingdoms", though aware on the 29th of Goring's move, only made up its mind to stop Fairfax on the 3rd, and did not send off orders till the 5th. These orders were to the effect that a detachment was to be sent to the relief of Taunton, and that the main army was to return. Fairfax gladly obeyed, even though a siege of Oxford, and not the enemy's field army, was the objective assigned him. But long before he came up to the Thames valley, the situation was again changed.
Rupert, now in possession of the guns and their teams, urged upon his uncle, the resumption of the northern enterprise, calculating that with Fairfax in Somersetshire, Oxford was safe. Charles accordingly marched out of Oxford on the 7th towards Stow-on-the-Wold, on the very day as it chanced, that Fairfax began his return march from Blandford. But Goring and most of the other generals were for a march into the west, in the hope of dealing with Fairfax as they had dealt with Essex in 1644. The armies therefore parted, as Essex and Waller had parted at the same place in 1644. Rupert and the King were to march northward, while Goring was to return to his independent command in the west.
Rupert, not unnaturally, wishing to keep his influence with the King and his authority as general of the King's army, unimpaired by Goring's notorious indiscipline, made no attempt to prevent the separation, which in the event proved wholly unprofitable. The flying column from Blandford relieved Taunton long before Goring's return to the west. Colonel Weldon and Colonel Graves, its commanders, set him at defiance even in the open country. As for Fairfax, he was out of Goring's reach, preparing for the siege of Oxford.
Charles in the Midlands.
On the other side also, the generals were working by data that had ceased to have any value. Fairfax's siege of Oxford, ordered by the Committee on 10 May 1645, and persisted in, after it was known that the King was on the move, was the second great blunder of the year. The blunder was hardly redeemed, as a military measure, by the visionary scheme of assembling the Scots, the Yorkshiremen, and the midland forces to oppose the King. It is hard to understand how, having created a new model army, "all its own" for general service, Parliament at once tied it down to a local enterprise, and trusted an improvised army of local troops to fight the enemy's main army.
In reality, the Committee seems to have been misled by false information to the effect that Goring and the governor of Oxford were about to declare for Parliament. Had they not dispatched Fairfax to the relief of Taunton in the first instance, the necessity for such intrigues would not have arisen. However, Fairfax obeyed orders, invested Oxford, and so far as he was able, without a proper siege train, besieged it for two weeks, while Charles and Rupert ranged the Midlands unopposed.
At the end of that time came news, so alarming that the Committee hastily abdicated their control over military operations, and gave Fairfax a free hand. "Black Tom" gladly and instantly abandoned the siege and marched northward to give battle to the King. Meanwhile, Charles and Rupert were moving northward. On 11 May, they reached Droitwich, from where after two days' rest they marched against Brereton. The latter hurriedly raised the sieges he had on hand, and called upon Yorkshire and the Scottish army there for aid. But only the old Lord Fairfax and the Yorkshiremen responded. Leven had just heard of new victories, won by Montrose. He could do no more than draw his army and his guns over the Pennine chain into Westmorland, in the hope of being in time to bar the King's march on Scotland via Carlisle.
Campaign of Naseby.
If the news of Auldearn brought Leven to the region of Carlisle, it had little effect on his English allies. Fairfax was not yet released from the siege of Oxford, in spite of the protests of the Scottish representatives in London. Massey, the active and successful governor of Gloucester, was placed in command of a field force on 25 May 1645, but he was to lead it against, not the King, but Goring. At that moment the military situation once more changed abruptly. Charles, instead of continuing his march on to Lancashire, turned due eastward towards Derbyshire. The alarm at Westminster when this new development was reported was such that Cromwell, in spite of the Self-Denying Ordinance, was sent to raise an army for the defence of the Eastern Association. Yet the Royalists had no intentions in that direction. Conflicting reports as to the condition of Oxford reached the royal headquarters in the last week of May, and the eastward march was made chiefly to "spin out time" until it could be known whether it would be necessary to return to Oxford, or whether it was still possible to fight Leven in Yorkshire his move into Westmorland was not yet known and invade Scotland by the easy east coast route.
Goring's return to the west had already been countermanded and he had been directed to march to Harborough, while the South Wales Royalists were also called in towards Leicester. Later orders on 26 May directed him to Newbury, whence he was to feel the strength of the enemy's positions around Oxford. It is hardly necessary to say that Goring found good military reasons for continuing his independent operations, and marched off towards Taunton regardless of the order. He redressed the balance there for the moment by overawing Massey's weak force, and his purse profited considerably by fresh opportunities for extortion, but he and his men were not at Naseby. Meanwhile the King, at the geographical centre of England, found an important and wealthy town at his mercy. Rupert, always for action, took the opportunity, and Leicester was stormed and thoroughly pillaged on the night of the 30 May–31 May.
There was the usual panic at Westminster, but, unfortunately for Charles, it resulted in Fairfax being directed to abandon the siege of Oxford and given carte blanche to bring the Royal army to battle wherever it was met. On his side the King had, after the capture of Leicester, accepted the advice of those who feared for the safety of Oxford. Rupert, though commander-in-chief, was unable to insist on the northern enterprise and had marched to Daventry, where he halted to throw supplies into Oxford.
Thus Fairfax in his turn was free to move, thanks to the insubordination of Goring, who would neither relieve Oxford nor join the King for an attack on the New Model. The Parliamentary general moved from Oxford towards Northampton so as to cover the Eastern Association. On 12 June the two armies were only a few miles apart, Fairfax at Kislingbury, Charles at Daventry, and, though the Royalists turned northward again on the 13th to resume the Yorkshire project under the very eyes of the enemy, Fairfax followed close. On the night of the 13th Charles slept at Lubenham, Fairfax at Guilsborough. Cromwell, just appointed lieutenant-general of the New Model, had ridden into camp on the morning of the 13th with fresh cavalry from the eastern counties, Colonel Rossiter came up with more from Lincolnshire on the morning of the battle, and it was with an incontestable superiority of numbers and an overwhelming moral advantage that Fairfax fought at Naseby (q.v.) on 14 June. The result of the battle, this time a decisive battle, was the annihilation of the Royal army. Part of the cavalry escaped, a small fraction of it in tolerable order, but the guns and the baggage train were taken, and, above all, the splendid Royal infantry were killed or taken prisoners to a man.
Effects of Naseby.
After Naseby, though the war dragged on for another year, the King never succeeded in raising an army as good as, or even more numerous than that, which Fairfax's army had so heavily outnumbered on 14 June 1645. That the fruits of the victory could not be gathered in a few weeks was due to a variety of hindrances (rather than to direct opposition):
As to the latter, within a few days of Naseby, the Scots rejoiced that the "back of the malignants was broken". They demanded reinforcements, as a precaution against "the insolence of others", i.e., Cromwell and the Independents, "to whom alone the Lord has given the victory of that day".
Leven had by now returned to Yorkshire, and a fortnight after Naseby, Carlisle fell to David Leslie's besieging corps, after a long and honourable defence by Sir Thomas Glemham. Leicester was reoccupied by Fairfax on the 18th, and on the 20th, Leven's army, moving slowly southward, reached Mansfield. This move was undertaken largely for political reasons, i.e. to restore the Presbyterian balance, as against the victorious New Model. Fairfax's army was intended by its founders to be a specifically English army, and Cromwell for one, would have employed it against the Scots, almost as readily as against malignants.
But for the moment, the advance of the northern army was of the highest military importance, for Fairfax was thereby set free from the necessity of undertaking sieges. Moreover, the publication of the King's papers, taken at Naseby, gave Fairfax's troops, a measure of official and popular support, which a month before, they could not have been said to possess. It was now obvious that they represented the armed force of England against the Irish, Danes, French, Lorrainers, etc., whom Charles had for three years been endeavouring to let loose on English soil. Even the Presbyterians abandoned for the time, any attempt to negotiate with the King, and advocated a vigorous prosecution of the war.
Fairfax's western campaign.
This, in the hands of Fairfax and Cromwell, was likely to be effective. While the King and Rupert, with the remnant of their cavalry, hurried into South Wales to join Sir Charles Gerard's troops, and to raise fresh infantry, Fairfax decided that Goring's was the most important Royalist army in the field. He turned to the west, reaching Lechlade on the 26th, less than a fortnight after the battle of Naseby. One last attempt was made to dictate the plan of campaign from Westminster, but the Committee refused to pass on the directions of the Houses, and Fairfax remained free to deal with Goring, as he desired.
Time pressed. Charles in Monmouthshire and Rupert at Bristol were well placed for a junction with Goring, which would have given them a united army, 15,000 strong. Taunton, in spite of Massey's efforts to keep the field, was again besieged. In Wilts and Dorset, numerous bands of Clubmen were on foot, which the King's officers were doing their best to turn into troops for their master. But the process of collecting a fresh royal army was slow, and Goring and his subordinate, Sir Richard Grenville, were alienating the King's most devoted adherents by their rapacity, cruelty and debauchery.
Moreover, Goring had no desire to lose the independent command, he had extorted at Stow-on-the-Wold in May. Still, it was clear that he must be disposed of, as quickly as possible. On 26 June, Fairfax requested the Houses to take other measures against the King. This, they did by paying up the arrears due to Leven's army, and bringing it to the Severn valley. On 8 July, Leven reached Alcester, bringing with him a Parliamentarian force from Derbyshire, under Sir John Gell. The design was to besiege Hereford.
Langport.
By that time, Fairfax and Goring were at close quarters. The Royalist general's line of defence faced west along the River Yeo, and the Parrett, between Yeovil and Bridgwater and thus, barred the direct route to Taunton. Fairfax, however, marched from Lechlade via Marlborough and Blandford, hindered only by Clubmen, the friendly posts of Dorchester and Lyme Regis. With these as his centre of operations, he was able to turn the headwaters of Goring's river-line via Beaminster and Crewkerne.
The Royalists, at once, abandoned the south and west side of the rivers. The siege of Taunton had already been given up, and passed over to the north and east bank. Bridgwater was the right of this second line, as it had been the left of the first; the new left was at Ilchester. Goring could thus remain in touch with Charles in south Wales, through Bristol. The siege of Taunton having been given up, there was no longer any incentive for remaining on the wrong side of the water-line. But Goring's army was thoroughly demoralised by its own licence and indiscipline; and the swift, handy and resolute regiments of the New Model made short work of its strong positions.
On 7 July 1645, demonstrating against the points of passage between Ilchester and Langport, Fairfax secretly occupied Yeovil. The post at that place, which had been the right of Goring's first position, had perhaps rightly been withdrawn to Ilchester, when the second position was taken up. Fairfax repaired the bridge without interruption. Goring showed himself unequal to the new situation. He might, if sober, make a good plan when the enemy was not present to disturb him, and he certainly led cavalry charges with boldness and skill. But of strategy in front of the enemy, he was incapable. On the news from Yeovil, he abandoned the line of the Yeo, as far as Langport, without striking a blow. Fairfax, having nothing to gain by continuing his detour through Yeovil, came back and quietly crossed at Long Sutton, west of Ilchester on 9 July.
Goring had by now formed a new plan. A strong rearguard was posted at Langport, and on high ground east and north-east of it, to hold Fairfax. He himself, with the cavalry, rode off early on the 8th to try and surprise Taunton. This place was no longer protected by Massey's little army, which Fairfax had called up to assist his own. But Fairfax, who was not yet across Long Sutton bridge, heard of Goring's raid in good time, and sent Massey after him with a body of horse. Massey surprised a large party of the Royalists at Ilminster on the 9th, wounded Goring himself, and pursued the fugitives up to the south-eastern edge of Langport. On the 10th, Fairfax's advanced guard, led by Major Bethel of Cromwell's own regiment, brilliantly stormed the position of Goring's rearguard, east of Langport. The cavalry of the New Model, led by Cromwell himself, swept in pursuit right up to the gates of Bridgwater, where Goring's army, dismayed and on the point of collapse, was more or less rallied.
Thence, Goring himself retired to Barnstaple. His army, under the regimental officers, defended itself in Bridgwater resolutely till 23 July, when it capitulated. The fall of Bridgwater gave Fairfax complete control of Somerset and Dorset, from Lyme Regis to the Bristol channel. Even in the unlikely event of Goring's raising a fresh army, he would now have to break through towards Bristol by open force, and a battle between Goring and Fairfax could only have one result. Thus, Charles had perforce to give up his intention of joining Goring, and of resuming the northern enterprise, begun in the spring. His recruiting operations in south Wales had not been as successful as he had hoped, owing to the apathy of the people, and the vigour of the local Parliamentary leaders.
Schemes of Lord Digby.
This time Rupert would not be with him. The prince, now despairing of success and hoping only for a peace on the best terms procurable, listlessly returned to his governorship of Bristol and prepared to meet Fairfax's impending attack. The influence of Rupert was supplanted by that of George Digby, Earl of Bristol. As sanguine as Charles and far more energetic, he was for the rest of the campaign the guiding spirit of the Royalists, but being a civilian he proved incapable of judging the military factors in the situation from a military standpoint, and not only did he offend the officers by constituting himself a sort of confidential military secretary to the King, but he was distrusted by all sections of Royalists for his reckless optimism. The resumption of the northern enterprise, opposed by Rupert and directly inspired by Digby, led to nothing.
Charles marched by Bridgnorth, Lichfield and Ashbourne to Doncaster, where on 18 August he was met by great numbers of Yorkshire gentlemen with promises of fresh recruits. For a moment the outlook was bright, for the Derbyshire men with Gell were far away at Worcester with Leven, the Yorkshire Parliamentarians engaged in besieging Scarborough Castle, Pontefract and other posts. But two days later he heard that David Leslie with the cavalry of Leven's army was coming up behind him, and that, the Yorkshire sieges being now ended, Major-General Poyntz's force lay in his front. It was now impossible to wait for the new levies, and reluctantly the King turned back to Oxford, raiding Huntingdonshire and other parts of the hated Eastern Association en route.
Fall of Bristol.
But Charles was in no case to resume his northern march. Fairfax and the New Model, after reducing Bridgwater, had turned back to clear away the Dorsetshire Clubmen and to besiege Sherborne Castle. On the completion of this task, it had been decided to besiege Bristol, and on 23 August 1645 while the King's army was still in Huntingdon, and Goring was trying to raise a new army to replace the one he had lost at Langport and Bridgwater the city was invested. In these urgent circumstances Charles left Oxford for the west only a day or two after he had come in from the Eastern Association raid. Calculating that Rupert could hold out longest, he first moved to the relief of Worcester.
The success of Montrose's Scottish campaign and his victory at Battle of Kilsyth forced Leslie to lead his cavalry north to bolster the Covenanter militia in Scotland. Without their cavalry to find supplies, Leven's Scottish infantry, were more occupied with plundering Worcestershire for food than with the siege works. With his cavalry support on the march to meet Montrose, Leven had no alternative but to withdraw without fighting as the Royalists approached Worcester. Worcester was relieved on 1 September.
King Charles entered Worcester on 8 September, but he found that he could no longer expect recruits from South Wales. Worse was to come. A few hours later, on the night of 9/10 September, Fairfax's army stormed Bristol. Rupert had long realised the hopelessness of further fighting the very summons to surrender sent in by Fairfax placed the fate of Bristol on the political issue, the lines of defence around the place were too extensive for his small force, and on 10 September he surrendered Bristol on terms. He was escorted to Oxford with his men, conversing as he rode with the officers of the escort about peace and the future of his adopted country.
Charles, almost stunned by the suddenness of the catastrophe, dismissed his nephew from all his offices and ordered him to leave England, and for almost the last time called upon Goring to rejoin the main army, if a tiny force of raw infantry and disheartened cavalry can be so called, in the neighbourhood of Raglan. But before Goring could be brought to withdraw his objections Charles had again turned northward towards Montrose.
A weary march through the Welsh hills brought the Royal army on 22 September to the neighbourhood of Chester. Charles himself with one body entered the city, which was partially invested by the Parliamentarian colonel Michael Jones, and the rest under Sir Marmaduke Langdale was sent to take Jones's lines in reverse. But at the opportune moment Poyntz's forces, which had followed the King's movements since he left Doncaster in the middle of August, appeared in rear of Langdale, and defeated him in the battle of Rowton Heath (September 24), while at the same time a sortie of the King's troops from Chester was repulsed by Jones. Thereupon the Royal army withdrew to Denbigh, and Chester, the only important seaport remaining to connect Charles with Ireland, was again besieged.
Digby's northern expedition.
Charles received the news of Philiphaugh on 28 September 1645, and gave orders that the west should be abandoned, the prince of Wales should be sent to France, and Goring should bring up what forces he could to the Oxford region. On 4 October Charles himself reached Newark (whither he had marched from Denbigh after revictualling Chester and suffering the defeat of Rowton Heath). The intention to go to Montrose was of course given up, at any rate for the present, and he was merely waiting for Goring and the Royalist militia of the westeach in its own way a broken reed to lean upon. A hollow reconciliation was patched up between Charles and Rupert, and the court remained at Newark for over a month. Before it set out to return to Oxford another Royalist force had been destroyed.
On 14 October, receiving information that Montrose had raised a new army, the King permitted Langdale's northern troops to make a fresh attempt to reach Scotland. At Langdale's request Digby was appointed to command in this enterprise, and, civilian though he was, and disastrous though his influence had been to the discipline of the army, he led it boldly and skillfully. His immediate opponent was Poyntz, who had followed the King step by step from Doncaster to Chester and back to Welbeck, and he succeeded on the 15th in surprising Poyntz's entire force of foot at Sherburn. Poyntz's cavalry were soon after this reported approaching from the south, and Digby hoped to trap them also.
At first all went well and body after body of the rebels was routed. But by a singular mischance the Royalist main body mistook the Parliamentary squadrons in flight through Sherburn for friends, and believing all was lost took to flight also. Thus Digby's cavalry fled as fast as Poyntz's and in the same direction, and the latter, coming to their senses first, drove the Royalist horse in wild confusion as far as Skipton. Lord Digby was still sanguine, and from Skipton he actually penetrated as far as Dumfries. But whether Montrose's new army was or was not in the Lowlands, it was certain that Leven and Leslie were on the Border, and the mad adventure soon came to an end. Digby, with the mere handful of men remaining to him, was driven back into Cumberland, and on 24 October, his army having entirely disappeared, he took ship with his officers for the Isle of Man. Poyntz had not followed him beyond Skipton, and was now watching the King from Nottingham, while Rossiter with the Lincoln troops was posted at Grantham.
The King's chances of escaping from Newark were becoming smaller day by day, and they were not improved by a violent dispute between him and Rupert, Maurice, Lord Gerard and Sir Richard Willis, at the end of which these officers and many others rode away to ask Parliament for leave to go over-seas. The pretext of the quarrel mattered little, the distinction between the views of Charles and Digby on the one hand and Rupert and his friends on the other was fundamental to the latter peace had become a political as well as a military necessity. Meanwhile south Wales, with the single exception of Raglan Castle, had been overrun by Parliamentarians. Everywhere the Royalist posts were falling. The New Model, no longer fearing Goring, had divided, Fairfax reducing the garrisons of Dorset and Devon, Cromwell those of Hampshire. Amongst the latter was the famous Basing House, which was stormed at dawn on 14 October and burnt to the ground. Cromwell, his work finished, returned to headquarters, and the army wintered in the neighbourhood of Crediton.

</doc>
<doc id="20745131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745131" title="Aragua River">
Aragua River

Aragua River flows in Aragua State, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="20745172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745172" title="Asansol subdivision">
Asansol subdivision

Asansol subdivision is a subdivision of the Bardhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Asansol municipal corporation, three municipalities (Raniganj, Jamuria and Kulti) and four community development blocs: Barabani, Jamuria, Raniganj and Salanpur. The four blocks contain 35 gram panchayats and 18 census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Asansol.
Area.
Apart from the Asansol municipal corporation and municipalities of Raniganj, Jamuria and Kulti, the subdivision contains 18 census towns and rural areas of 35 gram panchayats under four community development blocs: Barabani, Jamuria, Raniganj and Salanpur. The 18 census towns are: Pangachhiya (B), Bhanowara, Parasia, Kenda, Kunustara, Banshra, Chelad, Ratibati, Chapui, Jemari (J.K. Nagar Township), Amkula, Murgathaul, Raghunathchak, Ballavpur, Belebathan, Chittaranjan, Hindusthan Cables Town and Jemari.
Blocks.
Barabani block.
Rural area under Barabani block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Baraboni, Itapara, Nuni, Panuria, Domohani, Jamgram, Panchgechhia and Punchrah. Urban area under this block comprises two census towns: Pangachhiya (B) and Bhanowara. Barabani and Asansol (North) police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Domohani Bazar.
Jamuria block.
Rural area under Jamuria block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bahadurpur, Dobrana, Madantor, Tapsi, Chinchuria, Hijalgara, Parasia, Churulia, Kenda and Shyamla. Urban area under this block comprises three census towns: Parasia, Kenda and Kunustara. Jamuria and Pandbeswar police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bahadurpur.
Raniganj block.
Rural area under Raniganj block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Amrasota, Egra, Ratibati, Ballavpur, Jemeri and Tirat. Urban area under this block comprises ten census towns: Banshra, Chelad, Ratibati, Chapui, Jemari (J.K. Nagar Township), Amkula, Murgathaul, Raghunathchak, Ballavpur and Belebathan. Raniganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Searsole Rajbarhi.
Salanpur block.
Rural area under Salanpur block consists of 11 gram panchayats, viz. Achhra, Dendua, Fulberia Bolkunda, Alladi, Ethora, Rupnarayanpur, Basudevpur Jemari, Jitpur–Uttarrampur, Salanpur, Kalya and Samdi. Urban area under this block comprises three census towns: Chittaranjan, Hindusthan Cables Town and Jemari. Chittaranjan and Salanpur police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rupnarayanpur Bazar.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20745176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745176" title="Andy Earl (climber)">
Andy Earl (climber)

Andy Earl is a professional climber and coach from the north-east of England. He is widely considered to be one of the best climbers in the country. He excels at both traditional climbing and bouldering having ascended both E9 and Font8b+ all over Europe. He is based in Newcastle, England where he runs a bouldering wall (Climb Newcastle). He was British bouldering champion from 2003-2006 and was on the team for five years.
In 2004 he won the silver medal in bouldering at the European Championships in Birmingham. In 2007 he won the fourth stage of the Bouldering World Cup, in Réunion.
Early life.
Andy is the son of John Earl, a long term contributor to the Northumberland climbing scene. John took Andy out climbing at the age of four. Later in his childhood Andy would go sport climbing in the Yorkshire Dales at weekends but turned to bouldering in Northumberland as it was more convenient.
Coaching.
After getting his degree in sport science from Sunderland University he toyed with the idea of becoming a physical education but was put off by stories of badly behaved kids, so instead lent his talents to coaching the junior climbing team where he learnt the skills needed to coach the best, which he then did when he got the job as coach of the senior bouldering team, which has shown significant improvements under his leadership but is held back by the lack of sponsorship. Although Andy himself does not have this problem as he is sponsored by Scarpa, E9, Camp and Rockworks.
Notable ascents.
Bouldering:
Traditional climbing:
Climb Newcastle.
Climb Newcastle opened earlier this year (2008), is one of the most extensive indoor climbing centres in the world and features an overhanging cave joining onto a training room complete with many fingerboards, a campus board, a couple of Swiss balls and written instructions on loads of exercises to get you strong. It, of course has a massive pool complete with a large roof and two other overhanging walls. Alongside are two other corridors with technical slabs and a kids room. The centre is overseen by worldwide stars Chris Graham, Adam Watson, Andy Earl himself and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="20745191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20745191" title="Dhul-Suwayqatayn">
Dhul-Suwayqatayn

Dhul-Suwayqatayn (Arabic: ذوالسويقتين) is a group that prophecies by Muhammad say will emerge at the end of time. They are Abyssinian (Ethiopian) men destined by Allah to destroy the Kabah. There are two traditions regarding the time of the Kabaa's destruction:

</doc>
