<doc id="20632376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632376" title="Wesley Alba Sturges">
Wesley Alba Sturges

Wesley Alba Sturges (1893-1962) was a professor of law at the Yale Law School from 1924 to 1961, and served as dean of the law school from 1945 to 1954. He received his LL.B. from Yale in 1923. He retired from Yale in 1961 to become dean of the University of Miami School of Law. He was a prominent figure in Yale’s Legal Realism movement. In his article (with Samuel Clark), "Legal Theory and Real Property Mortgages", 37 Yale L. J. 691 (1928), he sought to make the Legal Realist point that doctrinal distinctions between “lien theory” and “title theory” did not have any actual effect on how courts ruled in litigation about mortgage disputes. His casebook, "Cases and Materials on the Law of Credit Transactions", emphasized the contradictions in judicial decision-making and sought to dispel the view that “what judges said in one case with its setting can be used to what they will decide in another case” with a different factual setting. 
After he stepped down from the deanship, Sturges taught only three courses, annually in rotation, one semester each year—arbitration, real-property credit transactions, and chattel credit transactions. Using an advanced form of the Socratic method, he sought in these courses to teach students rhetoric and advocacy rather than substantive law—what he termed “learning to stand up on your hind legs and make noises like a lawyer.” He was famous at Yale for his technique of calling upon a student to recite what a case held, asking him whether he agreed or disagreed with the court’s ruling, and regardless of how the student replied, slowly forcing him by pointing out difficulties in that position, to adopt the contrary view, whereupon Sturges would by the same technique then argue the student back to conceding the validity of his original position. The point was to teach students both how to make noises like a lawyer and not to get led down the primrose path by an adversary.
Professor Grant Gilmore said of Wesley Sturges:
What did Wesley teach us?...He taught us forever to be on our guard against the slippery generality, the received principle, the authoritative proposition. He taught us to trust no one's judgment except our own--and not to be too sure of that. He taught us how to live by our wits. He taught us, in a word, how to be lawyers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20632383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632383" title="Ştefan Gonata">
Ştefan Gonata

Ştefan Gonata (February 1, 1838 in Trifăneşti – September 18, 1896 in Chişinău) was a Romanian politician and agronomist. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20632384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632384" title="Adolph Lessig">
Adolph Lessig

Adolph Lessig (c. 18691935) was the business agent of the Industrial Workers of the World. He participated in the Paterson Silk Strike of 1913 with Bill Haywood.

</doc>
<doc id="20632419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632419" title="WNOO">
WNOO

WNOO (1260 AM, "Glory 1260") is a gospel radio station serving the Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA radio market and licensed to Chattanooga.
History.
On December 30, 1960, Jerry Tucker of WNOO interviewed Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. just before the Civil Rights leader gave a speech at Chattanooga's Memorial Auditorium.
On January 1, 2006, WTUN started simulcasting with WNOO after its classic country format was moved to WNGA. After a few months of simulcasting with WNOO, WTUN 101.9 then changed their calls to WOCE and is now a Spanish language broadcaster.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20632427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632427" title="Hameer">
Hameer

Raga Hameer is a nocturnal Hindustani Classical Raga nominally placed in the "thaat" Kalyan. All the "shuddha swaras" (Natural notes) along with "teevra madhyam" (F#) are used in it. Generally, its "vaadi swar" (the most used, principal note of a raga on which a pause may be taken) is "dhaivat" (A Natural) and the "samavaadi swar" (the secondmost used important note assisting the "vaadi swar") is "gandhar" (E Natural). However, some exponents consider the "vaadi swar" to be "pancham" (G Natural) as Hamir is mainly sung in the upper half of an octave and is nocturnal."Pancham" is not taken in the "aaroh" but is taken in "avroh".Its jati is "Shadav Sampurn". "vadi Svar" is 'Dhaivat(Dh)' & 'Samvadi Swar' is 'Gandhar(g)'
Ascent and Descent of Notes in Hameer.
In the ascent, all natural notes are used sometimes with F#. In the descent,both of the madhyamas are used. A beautiful feature during the descent is the series of the swaras 'Pa ga ma re sa' (G E F D C). At times, "Komal Nishad (ni)" (B Flat) is also used as in 'Dha ni Pa' during the descent .The general ascent and descent of the notes is :
The Sanskrit scholars do not permit the use of teevra madhyam in this Raga and consider it to have emanated from Raga Bilawal. But today the F# has become a part of the Raga in question. A special characteristic feature of this raga is the specific way in which the dhaivat (dha) is sung or played with a touch of upper nishad (ni) at the beginning. This raga is very popular due to its melodius, appealing nature.

</doc>
<doc id="20632429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632429" title="Iosif Hodoşiu">
Iosif Hodoşiu

Iosif Hodoș, (alternatively spelled Hodoșiu; 20 October 1829 – 28 November/9 December, 1880) was a Romanian historian, politician, lawyer, and publisher. He was a founding member of the Romanian Academy.
He married Ana Balint, the daughter of Simion Balint (1810 – 1880), a descendant of one of the noble priest families of Vima Mică, prefect of the Arieș Legion and Romanian revolutionary alongside Avram Iancu. He had three children: Enea, Alexandru and Nerva.

</doc>
<doc id="20632439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632439" title="NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009">
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009

The 2009 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit was a North American beach volleyball tour. The tour consisted of eight tournaments in both genders.
After the decision of the Puerto Rican Volleyball Federation, cancelling its player participation in the Mexican steps of the tour, due to the H1N1 flu outbreak in Mexico, the NORCECA board decided to postpone the Mexican steps from May to late September.
Medal table by country.
Medal table as of November 5, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20632469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632469" title="Alexander Dawson School (Lafayette, Colorado)">
Alexander Dawson School (Lafayette, Colorado)

The Alexander Dawson School is a college prep school in Lafayette, Colorado supported by the Alexander Dawson Foundation.
History.
In 1967, Girard B. Henderson established the Colorado Junior Republic School (CJR) at Stapps Lake, Colorado. The school started as a summer school for underprivileged children. It was later expanded into a year-round school, and then converted to a college preparatory program.
In 1970, the school moved to Lafayette. Colorado, where construction began on several new buildings.
In 1980, the school changed its name to Alexander Dawson School after Henderson's father, Alexander Dawson Henderson.
In 2005, the Dawson school celebrated the 100th anniversary of Jerry's birthday at the School in Colorado.
Campus.
Dawson's campus includes an upper school, lower school, middle school, gym, arts center, library, language cottages, tennis courts, baseball fields, and soccer fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="20632474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632474" title="Alexandru Hurmuzaki">
Alexandru Hurmuzaki

Alexandru Hurmuzaki (16 August 1823 in Cernauca - 8 March /20 March 1871 in Naples) was a Romanian politician and publisher. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20632482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632482" title="Ryuk (Death Note)">
Ryuk (Death Note)

Appearances.
In the pilot chapter.
In the pilot chapter of "Death Note", Ryuk is the master of two Death Notes which he drops into the human world; Taro Kagami picks up the first one, and Ryuk talks to Taro. The other is picked up by Taro's classmate, Miura. The police burn Miura's book, not knowing of the existence of the first book. At the end of the chapter, Ryuk follows an older Taro. "Death Note 13: How to Read" describes the Ryuk of the pilot chapter as "really lazy" and "incompetent".
In "Death Note".
In the series, he is a Shinigami bored with the activities (or lack thereof) of the Shinigami realm, so he decides to obtain a second Death Note and drop it in the human world for someone to find, hoping to relieve his boredom. He succeeds in tricking the Shinigami King out of a second Death Note. He deliberately writes the instructions inside the front cover (in English, which he assumed to be the most popular language in the human realm) so people would understand its purpose.
The Death Note is discovered by Light Yagami, and Ryuk follows him around for much of the series to see how Light uses it. Ryuk has a fairly humanoid appearance. His skin is gray, or a purplish color, his limbs are abnormally long, and he has bulging yellow eyes with black irises (red in the anime); in the films, he is represented by CGI. He is voiced by Shidō Nakamura in the Japanese version of the anime and live-action adaptations, while Brian Drummond voices him in the English dubbed version of the anime.
Ryuk is characterized by his constant amusement by, and apathy in regards to, Light's problems as well as his interest in humans. He enjoys seeing Light overcome the various challenges put to him, and often waits until the worst possible moment to inform him of a certain aspect of the Death Note just to get a laugh. He is occasionally helpful if it serves his own interests, such as obtaining apples or furthering his own amusement, but for the most part will jokingly ask Light what his next move will be or have Light explain to him the point of a certain action. He tells Light in the first volume he doesn't always look at what Light writes because he finds it more amusing. Light describes Ryuk as a "crazy-looking, supernatural creature with these wicked eyes" who becomes ("surprisingly") a "moral compass" for Light in the film version of "Death Note".
Ryuk has a great fondness for apples, comparing their effect on Shinigami to that of cigarettes and alcohol. He claims to go through a type of withdrawal if he goes for too long without them. His withdrawal symptoms involve twisting himself up like a pretzel and doing handstands. He also states that he is shy around girls; when Misa hugs him he becomes intangible. In addition to apples, Ryuk is fond of video games, first shown in the omake eight-panel comic series, where he asks for a Silver Game Boy Advance SP, originally published in "Weekly Shonen Jump" Volume 4-5 (double issue) in 2005. On another occasion, Ryuk asks Light if he wants to play "Mario Golf" (changed to "video games" in the anime), but receives no answer since Light's bedroom is bugged with cameras.
As Ryuk explains when he first meets Light, he is bound to take Light's life when his time comes. In the manga, Ryuk does this after Light is shot several times by Matsuda. He desperately begs Ryuk to write the names of the investigation team and the SPK members in the Death Note, which he first implies he will do, but Ryuk, reminding Light that he is not on anyone's side, just writes Light's name instead. He was expecting Light might have thought of some way out of his situation, but seeing as he was desperate enough to go to Ryuk for help, he decided it was all over for him. Ryuk returns to the Shinigami realm.
In the anime, Light does not ask for Ryuk's help and manages to escape the warehouse thanks to Mikami's suicide distracting everyone else. However, his wounds are too severe for him to escape very far, and Ryuk, who is watching him from atop a pole, decides that following Light around during a prison sentence is not worth his time and thus writes Light's name in his Death Note, remarking that he had a lot of fun with him regardless. Light dies peacefully, with an apparition of L standing over him - mirroring Light standing over L on his death.
The second film ends in much the same manner as the manga, except Ryuk's silence leads Light to believe that he is willing to help. When Light learns differently, Light yells at Ryuk and jumps through him, trying in vain to stop his death before dying in his father's arms; before this, Ryuk takes this opportunity to reveal to Light that humans who have used the Death Note are unable to enter either Heaven or Hell regardless of their actions in life. In the spin-off "", Ryuk offers L the Death Note. When L refuses and proceeds to burn it, Ryuk complains that L is boring and disappears, returning to the Shinigami realm.
Tsugumi Ohba, story writer of "Death Note", said that Ryuk is his favorite Shinigami and that "If I didn't say Ryuk here, his whole character would be in vain. ["laughs"]
In the yonkoma.
"Death Note 13: How to Read" describes Ryuk in the "Death Note" yonkoma as, of the characters, one who "may" be the character most resembling the equivalent character in the "Death Note" series.
Conception and design.
Ohba said that he always mentioned apples in the thumbnails because he wished to use "the dying message that Shinigami only eat apples" and therefore he needed Ryuk to hold apples and that "There's no other reason." Ohba also said that he specifically chose apples as the red "goes well" with Ryuk's black body and that the apples "fit well" with Ryuk's "big" mouth. When Obata informed Ohba that apples held religious and psychological significance and that a person could "read a lot" into the inclusion of apples and that he assumed that was the reason why Ohba included the apples, Ohba said that he did not "think about that at all" and that he believes that "apples are cool... that's it. ["laughs"]" Ohba added that he felt including aspects that could become later plot points was beneficial, and the apples were used as a point when Light asked Ryuk to search for the cameras in exchange for apples.
Obata said that he encountered difficulty in creating Ryuk. He said that his original idea of Ryuk consisted of Ryuk looking like a "young man similar to Light" with black hair and wings. Obata said that he had the idea of Shinigami looking like "attractive rock stars." Obata felt that if Ryuk appeared more attractive than Light, he would "appear to be the main character" and "things wouldn't work as well." Obata said that he decided to erase the previous design and use the final design when his editor told that Ryuk did not have to appear human. Obata said that he liked the "monster"-like appearance and added that, with his face, "you can never really tell what he is thinking." Obata said that he encountered difficulty while drawing Ryuk in the pilot chapter since he did not "have a good handle" on the "bone structure of his face." Obata said that during serialization he became "so used" to the underlying structure that he could visualize it. Obata describes Ryuk's face as appearing different between the pilot chapter and the actual "Death Note" series. In "13: How to Read" Obata thought of an idea involving Ryuk's face being a mask, and under the mask would be an "attractive" face.
When designing Ryuk's Death Note Obata thought about the appearance of Ryuk's handwriting. Ryuk wrote the words "Death Note" on the cover of his own notebook, and when he took possession of Sidoh's book he wrote the same words on the front cover.
Shūsuke Kaneko, director of the films, said that he chose to create Ryuk with computer graphics as it would make the aspect of Ryuk only appearing to people who have touched the Death Note "believable" and that the audience could "tell instinctually" that Ryuk is a Shinigami with "no real presence." Kaneko added that if a human actor represented Ryuk, the appearance would have been "too realistic," the actor may have impacted Ryuk's "presence," and the audience may have "doubted he was a death god, if only for a second." Kaneko ordered the graphics team to design the graphics as if it were an actor "inside a rubber suit."
Filming process.
Digital Frontier, a computer graphics company, animated Ryuk. Kaneko said that because Ryuk's physical structure is "different from a human’s," he thought of an idea of visualizing a person in a Ryuk costume. He also wanted the audience to think of Ryuk as a person in a Ryuk costume talking to Tatsuya Fujiwara, the actor who played Light. He said that he was "asking for too much" and that he wanted audiences to see the film Ryuk as more than "a product of the latest CG technology." Fujiwara said that due to the constant filming with Ryuk he rarely interacted other actors during filming of the first film; "The Star" of Malaysia describes Fujiwara's emotions as "mock frustration." Fujiwara described the CG Ryuk as "so selfish" and "far more difficult to work with" than a human actor.
Reception.
On the actor's voicework in the English dub of the anime, Tom S. Pepirium of "IGN" said that "Brian Drummond IS Ryuk." Pepirium described Drummond's voice as "excellent" and that this makes it "hilarious" to watch "Ryuk and his never-ending grin giggle at the events he put into motion."
Kitty Sensei of "OtakuZone" had her opinions of the film portrayal of Ryuk published in "The Star", a Malaysian newspaper. In it Kitty Sensei said that Ryuk "looks a little artificial in the beginning." She says that she became used to the portrayal and loved "Ryuk’s gleeful chuckles and fish-faced grins."
The "sfist" describes Ryuk as the sole "(potential) cheeseball factor" of the first film and that he may be "difficult to get used to"; the article stated that Ryuk "adds" to the film if the viewers "let go enough to accept Ryuk's presence."

</doc>
<doc id="20632501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632501" title="Nicolae Ionescu">
Nicolae Ionescu

Nicolae Ionescu (1820, Bradu, Neamţ County – 24 January 1905, Bradu) was a Romanian politician and publisher. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20632507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632507" title="1973 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1973 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1973 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1973. The team's head football coach was Vince Gibson. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium. 1973 saw the wildcats finish with a record of 5-6, and a 2-5 record in Big 8 play.
Schedule.
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Conference Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20632529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632529" title="Andrei Mocioni">
Andrei Mocioni

Andrei Mocioni (also "Andrei Mocsonyi", "Mocsony", , 27 June 1812 in Budapest - 23 April/5 May 1880, in Foeni) was a Hungarian-born Romanian jurist and publisher. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20632537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632537" title="Henry Henn">
Henry Henn

Henry Henn (1858–1931) was a Church of England bishop. He was the third Bishop of Burnley from 1909 to 1931.
Born in Greystones, County Wicklow, Ireland on 8 October 1858, he was educated at Sherborne School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Ordained in 1886, his first post was a curacy at Preston Parish Church, after which he returned to his old college as its Dean. He moved back to Lancashire, at first as Vicar of St Paul’s in Preston, then he became Rural Dean of Bolton on 21 January 1902. During his incumbency at Bolton, he was appointed an honorary canon of Manchester Cathedral in 1903. In 1909, he was ordained to the episcopate, becoming the suffragan Bishop of Burnley. He kept this position until his death on 21 October 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20632582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632582" title="Alone (2008 film)">
Alone (2008 film)

Alone (in Turkish "Issız Adam"), is a 2008 Turkish film written and directed by Çağan Irmak. The movie has received widespread interest from the Turkish media and had an outstanding performance in the box-office. The film's title means "Abandoned Man" though it can also be interpreted as "My Abandoned Island", as "ada" means "island" and "adam" means "my island" as well as "man" in Turkish, whereas the main actress' name is also "Ada" in the movie.
Plot.
The film talks about the lives of two people who live in Istanbul who happen to meet each other in a second-hand book shop. Alper is from Tarsus. He and Ada live different lives; Alper is a free-spirited man in his thirties who is the owner and the cook of a popular restaurant whereas Ada is a humble girl in her late twenties who designs child costumes for a living. Alper follows Ada to her shop after the initial meeting but she acts coldly towards him and insists that she doesn't want a serious relationship and throws coffee on him. She later calls him to apologize and Alper asks her out once more. She is reluctant at first but agrees to have dinner at his house and they end up sleeping together. It's the beginning of a moving relationship between them. But soon things begin to go wrong. Alper feels his freedom flying away and the need to utilize prostitutes, as he did before he met Ada. He can't bear the weight of a serious relationship whereas Ada is deeply in love and unable to sense anything unusual. Despite Alper's mother's warning about never letting Ada go, Alper breaks up with her just when their relationship seemed at its best. Ada is devastated and slaps him in the face before leaving. Alper seems happy for himself and for her after the break-up but then falls into depression and feels remorse. Four years later, Alper is taking his friend's son to the cinema where he meets Ada, now married with a daughter and living in London. Their conversation is polite and they act as if they were over each other, but in their thoughts we learn that Ada secretly visited Alper's mother and found out more about his past; and that Alper sits every day in front of her shop imagining that she still works there. They share one tearful last hug before Alper leaves confused and desolate as they look at each other for the last time. Ada imagines a happy ending, an ending they deserved. The film mainly emphasises the desolation and seclusion of modern life and its consequences on the romantic relationship between Alper and Ada.

</doc>
<doc id="20632587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632587" title="Curious (Danny Fernandes song)">
Curious (Danny Fernandes song)

"Curious" is the first single by Canadian R&B singer Danny Fernandes. The song features American rapper Juelz Santana and was produced by Pilzbury. It appears on Fernandes' first album, "Intro".
Music video.
The music video starts with medium shots of Fernandes and Santana, and when the music starts Fernandes and some other dancers start dancing, and there are some scenes of women posing for the camera.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at #94 on the Canadian Hot 100 on the issue of February 2, 2008, and rose a further nine spots before leaving the chart. Two months later on the issue of April 19, 2008, it re-entered the chart, peaking higher at #65.

</doc>
<doc id="20632614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632614" title="Speedy Scandal">
Speedy Scandal

Speedy Scandal is a 2008 South Korean film written and directed by Kang Hyeong-cheol and starring Cha Tae-hyun in the lead role. This was director Kang's first film and the highest grossing Korean film of the year.
Plot.
Former teen idol Nam Hyeon-soo (Cha Tae-hyun) who thinks he is pretty popular is now in his thirties and working as a radio DJ. A young woman named Hwang Jeong-nam (Park Bo-young) sent stories about her being a single mother to the radio station Hyeon-soo worked at, telling him she is going to meet her father. When he finds out that he is the father of Jeong-nam when she comes to his apartment with her son Ki-Dong (Wang Seok-hyeon). He also finds out that Jeong-nam was his first love's name and the other Jeong-nam's real name is Jae-in. Jae-in and her son, Ki-dong. Not believing it, he goes through a DNA blood test,and the results say that they're related. Jae-in wants to perform on stage singing, but Hyeon-soo thinks this will reveal his scandal with what's happening to Jae-In, Ki Dong, and himself. Ki-dong's dad Park Sang-yoon (Im Ji-kyu) finds Jae-in, when she started getting popular with her singing. They meet and chat, before Sang-yoon thought Jae-in was in a relationship with Hyeon-soo. Later at Jae-in's performance, Ki-dong went missing, which brought Hyeon-soo to realize that he really did care for his daughter and grandson. He gave up some of his job to be with his family and started to really love them like his children and cared for them.
Release.
"Speedy Scandal" was released in South Korea on 3 December 2008, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 473,725 admissions. It continued to chart well finishing with over 8 million tickets sold becoming the highest grossing Korean film of 2008. The second highest grosser was "The Good, The Bad, The Weird" with 6.6 million tickets, then "The Chaser" with roughly 5 million tickets sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20632650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632650" title="Sisters of the Flame">
Sisters of the Flame

Sisters of the Flame is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
This is the first of a two-part story, the second part being "Vengeance of Morbius".
Plot.
After arriving in the hold of a spaceship, the Doctor is kidnapped by aliens resembling giant centipedes. Lucie is accused of being a stowaway, and confronts her prejudices when Rosto, another giant centipede, is assigned to investigate her case.
Radio Broadcast.
This episode was broadcast on BBC7 on 31 October 2009, as part of the BBC's "Maida Vale at 75" celebrations. The BBC broadcasts of this episode and the following episode (Vengeance of Morbius) were delayed from the original broadcast of the series in October and November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20632655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632655" title="Thiruvangoor">
Thiruvangoor

Thiruvangoor is a small village away from Kozhikode, Kerala, India. It lies to the East of the Arabian Sea (Kappad) and West of Kuniyil Kadavu. Portuguese navigator Vasco de Gama is believed to have landed near Thiruvangoor, at Kappad, during one of his voyages, on 20 May 1498. Thiruvangoor sits on a national highway. Nearby major towns are Atholi and Koyilandy. The Kuniyil Kadavu Bridge allows for transportation between Thiruvangoor and Atholi town.
Thiruvangoor Higher Secondary School is the village's largest educational facility. Thiruvangoor is part of the Chemancheri panchayat. There is a primary health centre adjacent to Thiruvangoor High School. There is a road to Kappad Beach just beyond the primary health centre, from the national highway.
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasco_de_Gama
http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/1497degama.asp

</doc>
<doc id="20632666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632666" title="Pink DaVinci">
Pink DaVinci

Pink DaVinci is the 74th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther is strolling the streets of Italy when he spots Leonardo da Vinci painting what appears to be his newest masterpiece, the "Mona Lisa". Da Vinci paints a grumpy mouth on the "Mona Lisa", but the Pink Panther decides to covertly replace the frown with a teeth-filled smile. When the smile wins the appreciation of an art patron, as da Vinci is enraged and repaints the unhappy frown back onto "Lisa". da Vinci and the Pink Panther then repeatedly swap back and forth between the frown and smile until the feline's version of the classic painting ends up in the Louvre—complete with the panther's pink paw print stamped on the painting.
Production notes.
"Pink DaVinci" preceded the feature film "The Return of the Pink Panther" when released theatrically. It makes extensive use of William Lava's music cues originally written for "We Give Pink Stamps" and "Pickled Pink".
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the Pink Panther cartoons were broadcast on NBC. Though most entries in the series later muted the audience, the laugh track version airs on Boomerang.

</doc>
<doc id="20632668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632668" title="Abuse of language">
Abuse of language

Abuse of language may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20632673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632673" title="Per Schlingmann">
Per Schlingmann

Per Schlingmann (; born 16 October 1970 in Borås) was the party secretary of the Swedish Moderate Party between 28 September 2006 and 1 October 2010 (succeeding Sven Otto Littorin), and a prominent figure in its political reorientation following the 2002 election defeat and leading to its 2006 election success. 
From 11 October 2010 to 24 May 2012, Sclingmann served as State Secreterary for Communications to the Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="20632685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632685" title="Pink Streaker">
Pink Streaker

Pink Streaker is the 75th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980. In this episode, Pink goes skiing.
Notability.
"The Pink Panther Classic Cartoon Collection" DVD set includes an alternate version of "Pink Streaker" that aired as part of NBC-TV's "The New Pink Panther Show" (1971–1976). This television version does not contain the theatrical title cards or a list of production credits. However, when it was released on DVD, it did not contain a laugh track. Currently, the laugh-tracked version airs on the Spanish language Boomerang TV channel.
The donut extraction scene utilises William Lava's music score from the beginning of "Pink Ice".

</doc>
<doc id="20632694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632694" title="Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair">
Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair

Baron Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair, also: von Wüllersdorf-Urbair or von Wüllerstorf und Urbair, (29 January 1816 – 10 August 1883) was an Austrian vice admiral and, from 1865 to 1867, (k.k.) Austrian Imperial Minister of Trade. He was captain of the frigate SMS "Novara", including during the world voyage (Novara-Expedition) in 1857-1859.
Life.
He was born on 29 January 1816 in Triest (Küstenland, today in Italy).
After attending the grammar schools (Gymnasium) in Padua and in Ofen, in 1828 he joined the pioneer-cadet school in Tulln.
As a cadet of the 40th Infantry Regiment, he accepted the 1833 invitation to move to the Austrian Imperial War Navy.
Immediately commanding a ship, he had to acquire his further education largely through self-study.
Line ship transported in 1839, he seized the opportunity to be assigned to the observatory in Vienna,
where he was taught by astronomers Littrow and Schaub.
After the end of these studies,
he was with the management of the Naval Observatory in Venice and the lessons in astronomy and nautical at the Naval Academy operation.
Through his elegant appearance and his winning nature, he also quickly connected to the Venetian society. Immediately after his marriage to Anna O'Connor of Connaught on 12 April 1848, Venice broke from the revolution. He fled the city with his young wife and, in the course of the escape, her death took place. He traveled immediately to Trieste, where Field Marshal Lieutenant Gyulay had gathered the true-believer remnants of the Navy.
He was an important employee of the reorganization concerned with the Vice-Admiral Dahlerup. In 1849, he became Lieutenant. The next few years passed, in alternating between staff work and ship commands. In 1855, he was adviser to the new navy commander Archduke Ferdinand Max. Soon he was able to advance his enthusiastic lord's plan for a voyage around the world: he assisted with its planning in 1856. As line-captain and Commodore of the frigate Novara, already at the time, he commanded the expedition, which lasted from 30 April 1857 to 26 August 1859. Numerous research findings, rich collections for the Vienna museums, and high reputation for the Imperial Navy were the main results of the voyage around the world. Due to his scientific knowledge, he assisted all oceanographic, hydrographic and meteorological observations.
For his scientific achievements, he was added in 1863 as an honorary member of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences.
His 3-volume report was published, in 1861, as ""Journey of the Austrian Frigate Novara around the Earth in 1857, 1858, 1859 under the command of Commodore B. von Wüllersdorf-Urbair"".
After a deployment in the waters around which the free throngs of Garibaldi threatened Sicily, he became Rear Admiral and representative of the navy commander at Reichsrat in Vienna. In 1864, he led the German-Danish War, a squadron into the North Sea according to where Wilhelm von Tegetthoff, even before his arrival, the Battle of Heligoland (1864) had beaten. This suspended a little justified criticism of him.
In autumn 1865, he was asked by Prime Minister Count Richard Belcredi to head the Department of Commerce. As Minister in a politically controversial government (in the contemporary press also as a "Three Count Ministry", referring to him as next to Prime Minister Count Belcredi still the Counts Larisch-Mönich and Mensdorff-Pouilly), he tried concluding trade treaties, plus dealt with the communications and postal services. He also led a program designed to supplement the rail network, which largely came to be implemented (see Memorandum 1866, "A railway network for the Austrian monarchy"). Under his leadership office, the expansion of the port of Trieste was also addressed. The Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 led him to resign.
Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair died in Bolzano, at what time was part of the old county of Tyrol. He was buried in the cemetery of the Gries-Quirein district.
Works.
The following are selected works by Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair:

</doc>
<doc id="20632701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632701" title="Ceco Manufacturing Company">
Ceco Manufacturing Company

Ceco Manufacturing Company was a Providence, Rhode Island, USA, firm which acquired a license to manufacture radio tubes in May 1929. Radio Corporation of America issued the license under Radio Corp. patents. The business was the second corporation licensed to produce radio tubes. 
In April 1930, there were fourteen businesses authorized to manufacture radio tubes in the United States. For some time they had a factory in Birmingham, Alabama, but it was closed due to labor discord. The company was acquired for $8.5 million by Richardson Electronics Ltd., of Franklin Park, Illinois, in September 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20632706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632706" title="Jonny Blu">
Jonny Blu

Jonny Blu is a singer/songwriter who was born and raised in Los Angeles, but made his professional debut into the music world in China. Jonny successfully entered the music scene in Hong Kong and became the first ever (Caucasian) non-Chinese pop star in the Chinese music world. From his first Mandarin Chinese Pop album "Jonny Blu-On The Edge|藍強-刀鋒", Jonny's self-penned songs "On The Edge|刀鋒", "Crossroads|十子路口" and "The Apology|對不起妳" were Top Ten hits in the Chinese Music and Music Video charts. He is now in the United States making waves in the Swing Pop world. With a style similar to that of Michael Bublé, Harry Connick Jr. and Jamie Cullum, in December 2006 Jonny released his debut swing/pop album "In Just That Kind of a Mood", featuring mostly original songs written by Jonny. In June 2008, Jonny released an EP titled "In A Groove" also featuring new original songs written by Jonny and co-produced with LA based music producer, Myke Aaron. On September 8, 2009, Blu released his third studio album (in the U.S.), "Taboo!" (produced by Peer Music and with arrangements by Bob Malone) and is on tour promoting the album through 2010.
Born and raised in Los Angeles, Jonny was dually influenced by music and foreign languages. Coming from a very creative family—his father, Reuben Klamer, created the classic game "The Game of Life" and his mother, Shary Klamer (aka, Shary Richards) a former singer/actress/model—Jonny’s musical path was initiated at a very young age. He also showed a gift for writing and language early on (studying Spanish and Hebrew beginning at age eight), which eventually led him to study Chinese at the prestigious Peking University in Beijing during his college years at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). After studying and traveling in China for two years, Blu returned to the States where he would soon go against the grain and combine these two skills. As the only non-Chinese artist, he entered a Chinese singing competition in Los Angeles on a whim. This random decision eventually led him back to China where his musical talent and fluency in Mandarin quickly saw him rise in the music world in China and ultimately become the first ever non-Chinese pop star. This career also led to a cameo role (as himself) in Disney’s blockbuster film “Princess Diaries 2”, singing (in Mandarin) “Miracles Happen,” for which Blu also received a RIAA Certified Gold record for his song on the Soundtrack.
Early life.
Youth.
Blu grew up with his mother in Los Angeles, California. His father, Reuben Klamer (known for creating The Game of Life) lived in Marina Del Rey. After his parents divorced at age 3, Blu remained in Los Angeles and began attending Sinai Academy in Beverly Hills, California. He displayed musical talent at an early age, having been in select vocals groups in his early schooling. His mother, Shary Klamer, an actress and trained singer, taught him his basics of singing and piano. At age 10 he moved on to attend El Rodeo public school in Beverly Hills and subsequently, began attending Beverly Hills High School (a year early) at age 13. Blu also began studying martial arts from age six. Martial Arts study has been a regular part of Blu's life and he has been studying Chinese Shaolin Kung Fu, Kenpo and Qigong for over 12 years. Music, especially singing, would also continue to be a major part of Blu's extracurricular activities through grammar school, high school and college. But, Blu's rebellious nature found him at constant conflict with his music teachers and chorus leaders and thus music became an individual passion of Blu's. Early on, Blu's major musical influences came from pop artists like Harry Connick, Jr., Sting, Billy Joel, Elton John and George Michael. He enjoyed entertaining whoever was around with his renditions of songs like "We Are In Love", "Faith" and "Your Song". Because of his mother's love for classical music and opera as well, Blu also developed a passion for these music genres. Reluctantly at first, Blu became enamoured with voices like Luciano Pavarotti and Richard Tucker (who was also a family friend of Blu's grandparents). Classical composers like Beethoven and Bach and Opera composers like Puccini and Bizet (notably, "Carmen") opened up a whole new musical world to him.
Young adult and education.
After graduating from Beverly Hills High School, Blu attended UCLA with a focus on World History and Political Science. Other than performing occasionally (singing lead vocals) with a band and taking up guitar during his college years, music became more of a hobby and temporarily took a sideline to academic pursuits. At 17, Blu began studying Chinese Martial Arts, including Shaolin Kung Fu, Kenpo and Qigong, which he continues to this day. His interest in Chinese martial arts led him to take up studying the Chinese language as well. Beginning with a summer school course in Mandarin Chinese (at UCLA) Blu took to learning Mandarin very well and he ended up getting accepted into a highly prestigious program to study Chinese and Chinese Culture at the top university in China, Peking University. Through this UCLA program (the University of California Education Abroad Program), Blu studied for almost two years living in Beijing, China and traveled extensively throughout China and into Tibet and much of Asia and Southeast Asia. Blu returned home and graduated with Magna Cum Laude Honors from UCLA, with a major in World History and a minor in Chinese Language and culture.
After college.
On a random chance, former President Bill Clinton had been on a visit to China during the time Blu had been studying at Peking University. A White House official had contacted the EAP Program head to inquire about hiring on non-Chinese Americans to act as translators for some of Clinton's entourage. Blu and a friend, being the only two non-Chinese Americans who were fluent in Chinese, were chosen for the job. Upon returning to the USA, Blu continued to work part-time for the Office of White House Advance, organizing events and motorcade for President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore. He also worked for Former Soviet Union President Mikhail Gorbachev as a personal escort for three days at a Global Green USA Convention in 2000.
Music career.
The China pop years.
"The Chinese Singing Competition".
In 2000, after returning from studying in China and graduating UCLA, Blu was in a Monterey Park, California music store buying some Chinese Pop Music. On a whim, he noticed a sign up sheet for a Chinese singing competition and he filled out the form (all in Chinese) and returned it to the surprised store manager. As the only non-Chinese contestant, Blu stunned the audience and judges with his flawless rendition of the hit Chinese pop song "Xin Tai Ruan (心太軟)", originally sung by Chinese pop star Richie Ren (任贤齐) . Blu ended up winning this small competition and was approached afterward by an executive at the Taiwanese Television network ETTV America (part of Dong Sen Television Network, Taiwan). Through ETTV, Blu entered several other major Chinese singing competitions and ended up being a finalist in the International Finals of the CCTV Singing Competition, which took place in Arcadia, California at The Arboretum. Through these competitions and occasional appearances on Taiwanese television, commercials, etc., Blu began to build a name for himself in the Chinese Pop world.
"Hong Kong".
In 2001, with the intention of working with a well-known music manager, Clarence Hui (許愿), Blu moved to Hong Kong. He also took on the Chinese name 藍強 (pronounced "Lan Qiang" and literally meaning "Blue Strength") as his performer name. After struggling for over 2 years doing random performances in bars and clubs around Hong Kong and getting a couple small television commercials, Blu finally landed a meeting with Richard Denekamp, the head of Sony Music Asia (at the time). Mr. Denekamp was extremely impressed by Blu and his preliminary recordings of his original Mandarin Chinese pop songs and he was ready to sign Blu on as a Sony Asia recording artist. At the same time, Sony was undergoing a merger with BMG Music in Taiwan and a major A&R executive from Taiwan, Adam Tsuei (who was responsible for Taiwanese Mega-Boy Band "F4") was brought on as Head of A&R at Sony Music. Over two months went by and Blu still had no finished contract and was way past being on his last dime. Blu consulted his friend, and attorney John McLellan (Haldanes, Hong Kong) who found out the scoop. It turned out that among other things, Blu's manager Mr. Hui had a turbulent history with Adam Tsuei and this led to some delays in finalizing Blu's contract. Furthermore, Mr. Denekamp soon resigned as Head of Sony Asia due to reasons assumedly having to do with the Sony/BMG merger.
After three months of waiting it was apparent that there would be no deal. Blu returned to Los Angeles with no contract and no money. On a chance, in the summer of 2003, Blu was in Los Angeles when he received a phone call from his friend and attorney John McLellan. The management contract with Clarence Hui was officially terminated and John had some further good news. It turned out that a major force in the Hong Kong and Chinese film world, Carl Chang, had previously taken an interest in Blu but was unable to pursue a meeting due to Blu's contractual obligations to his manager Mr. Hui. Mr. Chang was going to be brought on as the head of a newly formed media conglomerate in Hong Kong, See Corporation (漢星公司) (previously Rui Li Holdings Corp.), and he wanted to bring Blu on as its first major artist. This company would include a full music label (See Music|漢星音樂), artist management (See People), and modeling agency (Look Models, GMBH) among other things. Without hesitation, Blu borrowed some money and bought a one-way ticket back to Hong Kong. After 2 months of sleeping at friends apartments, the contract was signed and Blu would become the first major non-Chinese recording artist in history.
The first Caucasian Chinese pop star.
In early Fall of 2003, after signing on with See Music|漢星音樂 (a subsidiary of See Corporation, Hong Kong) Blu's career set off quickly. He signed a five-year contract with See Music, along with further representation by their Artist Management (See People) and modeling agency (LOOK Models). His first single "On The Edge" ("刀鋒"), along with the accompanying Music Video, was a break out success reaching well within the Top Ten of most Chinese and Mandarin C-Pop Music Charts. The success of Blu and of his music are largely due to the fact that Blu was not only a performer of his songs, but the songwriter as well. The Chinese audiences saw it as a great sign of respect that this was not just another foreigner (or "Gwai Lao") trying to exploit his ability to sing in Chinese. Blu has been seen as a true songwriter with an uncommon knowledge of Chinese popular music for a foreigner. In Hong Kong, Blu is affectionately referred to as "Xiao Lan" ("小藍" literally meaning "Little Blue"). He has thus far had two more follow up songs "Crossroads" ("十子路口") and "The Apology ("對不起妳"), also which have grabbed Top Ten spots in most Chinese Music Charts. All of his Music Videos can be seen at every major Karaoke chain across China and beyond. His first album "On The Edge-Jonny Blu" ("刀鋒-藍強") is the first major C-Pop recording ever released by a caucasian foreigner in China.
"Princess Diaries 2".
During a holiday in Oahu, Hawaii, Blu met film director/actor/producer Garry Marshall. In an interesting twist of fate, Mr. Marshall had heard of Blu's success as a pop star in China and was intrigued by this. After some discussion about a possible role in an upcoming film, Blu met with Garry a few months later at Henderson Productions in Toluca Lake, California. In the meeting, Garry mentioned to Blu that he was doing a sequel to the enormously successful Disney film "The Princess Diaries", starring Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews and that he thought he could tie him into the film somehow; and he did. Blu ended up appearing as himself in the Garden Party scene of "Princess Diaries 2: A Royal Engagement" singing a self-penned Mandarin Chinese version of the song "Miracles Happen" (originally sung in English by recording artist Myra in the original "Princess Diaries" film). Garry and the head music supervisor on the film, Dawn Soler, liked Blu's song so much that it ended up on the "Princess Diaries 2" Movie Soundtrack and earned Blu a RIAA Certified Gold Record with over 700,000 units sold. This was a major success for Blu in that he gained a huge new audience outside of China and worldwide.
American jazz recordings.
In 2005, Blu began a project in Los Angeles, recording some swing and jazz songs which he had written over the years along with some classic standards which had been favorites of his. Heavily influenced by artists like Harry Connick Jr. in his early life (and more recently Elvis Presley, Dean Martin and Brian Setzer), Blu recorded his first independent Swing/Jazz album "In Just That Kind Of A Mood". After finding licensing opportunities for some of his songs, including "In Just That Kind Of A Mood" and "Ooh-Wee", which were featured on "The Young and The Restless" in 2007 and 2008, Blu decided to drop everything in China, move back to the United States and take a risk on initiating his music career back home. Returning to his musical roots in Swing and Smooth Jazz, Blu began writing and recording more original songs in the genre which would ultimately set him apart from major label singers like Michael Bublé, Jamie Cullum, and Harry Connick Jr.. Blu has since had his album "In Just That Kind Of A Mood" released in Eastern Europe by Universal Music Group (2008), released a new Swing/Jazz EP "In A Groove" (2008), been featured on multiple Swing and Smooth Jazz Compilation CDs ("see Discography") and recorded a Latin Standards project with Peer Music, slated for possible release in 2009.
Blu has performed extensively to sold out crowds at famous Jazz Clubs and venues including, Catalina Jazz Club in Hollywood, Vibrato Jazz Club in Bel Air, California, Iridium Jazz Club in New York, Anthology and Tango Del Rey in San Diego, The Skokie Theater in Chicago, and SoHo Music Club in Santa Barbara, California, to name a few. Blu's US Tour for "Taboo!" is ongoing for 2010 and 2011. His new album "Taboo!" (in conjunction with Peer Music) was released in October 2009 and his first promotional shows were in New York on September 12, 2009 at Iridium Jazz Club in New York City and on December 15, 2009 at Herb Alpert's Vibrato Jazz Club in Los Angeles, CA.
Jonny Blu's 3rd album Taboo! was officially released on October 6, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20632723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632723" title="William Scott Ament">
William Scott Ament

William Scott Ament (Chinese Names: 梅子明 and 梅威良 Mei Wei Liang) (born 14 September 1851; died 6 January 1909 in San Francisco) was a missionary to China for the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM) from 1877, and was known as the "Father of Christian Endeavor in China." Ament became prominent as a result of his heroism during the Boxer Uprising and controversial in its aftermath because of the personal attacks on him by American writer Mark Twain for his collection of punitive indemnities from north China villages.
Biographical details.
William Scott Ament was born of Dutch and French Huguenot stock on 14 September 1851 in Owosso, Michigan, the eldest son of Winfield Scott Ament (born ca. 1811–1865), an ironworker, and Emily Hammond Ament (born 3 May 1818; married 4 September 1848; died April 1908 in Oberlin, Ohio), and the younger brother of Claribel Ament Leggat (born c. 1850 in Owosso, Michigan; died 1881 in Butte, Montana).
Spiritual background.
At the age of twelve, Will Ament became a member of the Congregational church (now the Owosso First Congregational Church United Church of Christ) at Owosso, Michigan, which had been organised on 18 January 1853. About the time of his father's death, when he was 14, Ament had a deeper spiritual experience as a result of a religious revival in his home church. While studying at Oberlin Academy, Ament underwent "a new and deep spiritual impulse" and transferred his church membership to the Second Congregational Church at Oberlin, Ohio. According to Porter, "From that time on he was hearty, aggressive and fearless in meeting those who opposed Christianity, and made the service of Christ the chief thing of life."
Education.
Ament attended the Owosso High School, and upon graduation enrolled in the Oberlin Academy in Oberlin, Ohio, a preparatory school, in the fall of 1867. Two years later he enrolled at Oberlin College. Ament was "the second boy to go from here to college and the first to graduate." While at Oberlin College, Ament was influenced by the example of Oberlin's recently retired president, revivalist Charles Grandison Finney. Ament had to work his way through college. While studying at Oberlin College, Ament became the supervisor (principal) of the Richfield Central high school at Richfield, Ohio (since the early 1950s, Revere High School).
After graduation from Oberlin College in 1873, Ament attended the Union Theological Seminary in Manhattan, New York for three years from 1873. While at Union Seminary, Ament taught at nights, and later was a tutor to the son of a rich man. On Sundays, he taught a class of boys in the mission school on the corner of Elizabeth and Broome Streets. In 1876 Ament transferred to Andover Theological Seminary, where he graduated in the early summer of 1877 with a Bachelor of Divinity (B.D.) degree.
Call to missionary service.
As Ament's education advanced, his heart settled itself upon China as his field of service. While studying at Andover, Ament formally applied to the ABCFM for appointment to foreign missionary service under their auspices on 4 November 1876. In 1877, Ament and his wife, Mary, were appointed as missionaries to China by the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM).
Marriage and ordination (1877).
On 23 August 1877, Ament married Mary Alice Penfield (born 4 July 1856 in Oberlin, Ohio; died April 1928 in Columbus, Ohio), an 1875 Bachelor of Arts graduate in literature of Oberlin College, and the daughter of Professor Charles Henry Penfield (born 7 January 1826 at Alden, New York; died 11 May 1891 at Cleveland, Ohio), who had taught Greek and Latin at Oberlin College (1846–1870), and his first wife, Margaret Gertrude Wyett (born 14 December 1824 in London, England; married 25 April 1850; died 15 April 1861 at Oberlin, Ohio);
Ament was ordained as a missionary in the Owosso Congregational church on 5 September 1877 under the direction of pastor Rev. Lucius O. Lee, who eventually resigned in 1880 to go to Turkey, and who later became President of the Central Turkey Theological
Seminary at Maraş, Turkey.
Ministry (1877–1909).
First missionary term in China (1877–1885).
The Aments departed for China from Oakland, California on 17 October 1877 on the steamer "China". After an eleven week journey, they eventually arrived in Peking (now Beijing), China.
Paotingfu (1878–1880).
Ament served as a Congregational missionary at the North China Mission in Paotingfu (now Baoding), the then capital of Zhili province, China, (about 137 kilometres south of Beijing) from 1877 to 1880. At that time there was about 100,000 residents, of whom 22,000 were beggars. Severe famine in the region resulted in their focus on famine relief.
While serving in Paotingfu, the Aments had their first child, Margaret (born November 1879), who died just after her birth.
Peking (1880–1885).
Due to Mary's continued illness, the Aments transferred to Beijing in 1880, where they served until late 1885. Additionally, Ament was the editor of the "North China News", and "The North China Church Times".
During their first term in Beijing, the Aments had another two children: Philip Wyett Ament (born 21 October 1882; died 27 June 1883 in Beijing); and Emily Hammond Ament (born 24 August 1884 in China).
Christian Endeavour Unions of China.
Ament became one of the founders and president of The Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour, known as the Christian Endeavour Unions of China (CEC). Ament believed passionately in the importance of Christian Endeavour: "Without doubt Christian Endeavor will have a large share in bringing the new life to awakened China." In 1900 Ament was elected President of the North China Christian Endeavor Union.
First furlough: ministry in Ohio (1885–1888).
Due to the severe illness of Ament's mother, Emily Hammond Ament, Ament accepted the call to pastor a 250 member Congregational church in Medina, Ohio (about 30 kilometres from Cleveland, Ohio) so that he could care for her. During his three years there, he built up a strong church. While in Ohio, Ament became the president of the Ohio Christian Endeavor Union,
In 1887 the Aments had their fourth (and final) child, William Sheffield Ament (born 25 July 1887 in Medina, Ohio; died 1951), their only child to survive childhood. Will, Jr. would become a professor of English at Scripps College, Claremont, California, and the co-author of "Oxcart to Airplane" (Powell, 1929), "the only general history of California transportation."
Second missionary term in China (1888–1897).
In August 1888, Ament and his family returned to Beijing to resume their missionary duties.
Death of Emily Ament.
At 9.30 am on Monday, 27 February 1893, the Aments' daughter, Emily died in Beijing of diphtheria at the age of eight and a half. after a week's illness. Funds were donated to establish on Fifth Street, Beijing, near the Congregational Church's North Chapel, the Emily Ament Memorial School for the education of Chinese girls. By late 1899, the school was re-located to Sixth Street.
Editor "North China News".
During 1893 Ament became the editor of the "North China News", a Chinese monthly newspaper, with an initial circulation in excess of 550 copies per month.
Among Ament's other duties were being the ABCFM mission treasurer; postmaster for both the ABCFM and Presbyterian Mission; manager of the mission book room; manager of the Bible book store; and pastoral care of three congregations. In addition, he continued to serve as an evangelist. From October 1894, Ament became superintendent of the boys' school, as well as the preacher at the Beijing South Chapel.
In 1896, Ament presented a paper entitled "The Spiritual Needs of Native Christians", in which he decried mere numerical addition of church members, indicating that "The one thing to be arrived at is a spiritual Church in China."
Second furlough (1897–1898).
From spring 1897 Ament spent part of the year on furlough in Owosso, Michigan and was active in his home church, the Owosso First Congregational Church, and was responsible for re-invigorating the missionary focus of that church. During summer 1897 he preached daily at the Owosso Y.M.C.A..
Third missionary term in China (1898–1901).
On 4 September 1898, Ament left his wife and son, Willie, in Owosso to care for his mother, and his deceased sister's daughter. Ament returned to Beijing on 8 October 1898, to confront increased anti-foreign opposition as a consequence of the overthrow of the Chinese emperor in a "coup d'etat".
In 1898, Ament had a paper "The Religions of China" published in "The Student Missionary Appeal: Addresses at the Third International Convention of the Student Volunteer Movement for Foreign Missions", in which he indicated: "Some one has said that you cannot tell the truth about the Chinese without lying. They are the most irreligious people on the face of the earth."
In December 1898, Ament was notified that Oberlin College, his "alma mater", had decided to award him an honorary Doctor of Divinity (D.D.) degree.
By the end of 1900, Ament had been responsible for planting 17 of the 22 churches associated with the Peking branch of the China ABCFM mission.
The Boxer Uprising and its aftermath (1900).
Ament was captured by Boxers while on an expedition with another missionary about 100 kilometres from Beijing, however was able to escape unharmed. During the Boxer Uprising of 1900, on Thursday 7 June 1900, Ament requested a military escort from Edwin H. Conger, the United States Minister to China, to allow the evacuation of the besieged ABCFM missionaries in Tungchow (now the Tongzhou District of Beijing) (located 21 kilometres south-east of Beijing). As Conger refused to provide the escort as he believed he needed all his troops in Beijing, Ament himself travelled alone and unarmed to Tungchow by train with 16 carts, and facilitated the successful evacuation of 24 members of the missionary community and a number of Chinese helpers. The Tungchow missionaries "succeeded in getting up to Peking, with their wives and families, on 8 June, thanks to the pluck and energy of Mr. Ament".
During the subsequent attack on the Methodist missionary compound by the Boxers in Beijing, Ament was reportedly the last missionary to leave the compound on the afternoon of Wednesday, 13 June 1900. A week after the evacuation of the Methodist compound, Ament, despite increased Boxer activity, returned to the Methodist compound to assess the possibility of retrieving goods left behind after their evacuation. Ament then organised twenty other missionaries and 60 Chinese to return to the compound to remove as many stores as possible which contributed greatly to their preservation during the siege. "This aid to which so many were indebted was the result of Mr. Ament's investigation." During the subsequent fifty-five day siege, Ament sheltered in the British Legation in the Beijing Legation Quarter, where he had responsibility for looking after confiscated goods.
While Ament through his own personal initiative was able to rescue the ABCFM missionaries at Tungchow, there was still significant loss of lives. Thirteen ABCFM adult missionaries and five children were killed by the Boxers. Included were Miss Mary Susan Morrill (born 1863 in Portland, Maine) and Miss Annie Allender Gould, among the eleven foreign missionaries, four children, and about fifty Chinese Christians killed in Baoding from 30 June 1900. Additionally, there was much damage to ABCFM property. The ABCFM Mission compound was razed, as was the Emily Ament Memorial School (named in honour of Ament's daughter) on Sixth Street, Peking. Ament estimated that by the end of July 1900 that losses for the ABCFM Peking station was about $71,000 gold.
From 13 September 1900, Ament, and an assistant, Reverend Elwood Gardner Tewksbury (born 1865, West Newbury, Massachusetts), accompanied by the U.S. 6th Cavalry, searched the areas adjacent to Beijing for Boxers, collecting indemnities for Christians who had been killed by the Boxers, and ordering the burning of some homes and even executing suspected Boxers. Ament had been chosen "as the one who would be honorable and just to all."
Indemnities controversy (1901).
In 1901 Ament became embroiled in a controversy regarding his activities (and those of other Christian missionaries, including the Roman Catholic Pierre-Marie-Alphonse Favier) subsequent to the Boxer Rebellion. "In the war's aftermath came a war of words. Missionary triumphalism clashed with the sarcastic sallies of Mark Twain, who lampooned the apologias for looting given by American missionary William Scott Ament." An interview that Wilbur Chamberlin of the New York "Sun" conducted with Ament elevated the missionary question into a "cause célèbre".
Mark Twain's critique.
Mark Twain, was "an outspoken critic of American involvement in the Philippines and China", and "one of the mammoth figures in anti-imperialism, and certainly the foremost anti-imperialist literary figure". Twain decided to use the "Sun" article as the basis of a sustained attack on both the missionary enterprise and its imperialist tendencies. According to Foner, Twain used the conduct of Ament to "drive home the point that the missionary movement served as a front for imperialism. Twain especially targeted Ament in this article. According to Susan Harris:“To the Person Sitting in Darkness,” which Mark Twain published in the "North American Review" in 1901, attacks Western imperialism as it was manifesting itself in South Africa, China, Cuba, and the Philippines. It names its villains – McKinley, Joseph Chamberlain, the Kaiser, the Czar – and their instruments, especially the Reverend William Ament, a Congregationalist minister who was affiliated with the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
After the publication of "To the Person Sitting in Darkness" in "The North American Review" for February 1901, as the opening article, there was a huge controversy. This article "created a national sensation as well as a savage debate between Twain and the American Board of Foreign Missions."
Ament was subsequently attacked in "The New York Times";, by John Ames Mitchell, the editor of "Life" magazine; by Charles Fletcher Lummis, editor of "The Land of Sunshine"; and by The Socialist Party of America. Ament was further attacked in the Eighth series of "Ethical Addresses" (1901).
Ament was defended both by missionaries and the proponents of imperialism. Their reaction was swift and predictable. They charged Twain with treason. "Twain's caustic indictment generated, in turn, a defensive apologetics on the part of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. Both Judson Smith (born 28 June 1837 in Middlefield, Massachusetts; died 29 June 1906 in Roxbury, Massachusetts), who had been one of Ament's professors at Oberlin College, the corresponding secretary of Ament's sponsoring mission (1884–1906), The American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions (ABCFM); and Gilbert Reid (independent missionary, formerly a member of the American Presbyterian mission) claimed that missionary looting was "high ethics," and added that American missionaries had only looted to provide money for the relief of Chinese Christians." Smith demanded an apology from Twain. Replying in a letter to the New York "Tribune", Twain insisted that Ament had arraigned himself.
At the end of January 1901 fourteen members of the North China Mission of the ABCFM endorsed the actions of Ament and Tewksbury. On 21 March 1901, the Peking Missionary Association demanded Twain retract the statements he made attacking Ament. After Ament's death in January 1909, Judson Smith's successor, Dr. James Levi Barton (1855–1936) also defended him and his actions.
Ament was not just defended by his colleagues or other Christian organisations. He was defended in an editorial in the "Boston Journal";, by prominent New York lawyer, and future United States Secretary of State, Henry Stimson; by
Edwin Hurd Conger (7 March 1843 – 18 May 1907), the United States Minister to China (1898–1905); by Colonel Sir Claude Maxwell MacDonald (1852–1915), the chief British diplomat in Beijing during the Boxer Uprising, and the commander of the defence of the besieged foreign legations; and by Charles Harvey Denby (1830–1904), the former United States Minister to China (1885–1898)
When Ament became aware of the criticism of his activities and the subsequent controversy, he was affected adversely. Ament admitted the strain in a letter to his wife on Sunday, 27 January 1901: "I am doing what I do not recall that I ever did before, remaining at home deliberately and missing all the services. I need the rest and felt that it was imperative. You see there is no let up for me. It is a constant strain from morning till night."
On 17 February 1901, the "New York Times" issued a retraction after receiving a different account of Ament's actions from Dr Judson Smith of the ABCFM, based on Ament's letter of 13 November 1900 to Smith. "The Times" reported that in Ament's own letter he indicated the compensation for the losses of the converts obtained by him had been "by appealing to the sense of justice among the villages where our people had lived." "The Times" concluded: "It seems that we have been led into doing an injustice to him...In that case we have to express our sincere regret." In March the New York "Sun" printed an interview with Ament that indicated that the indemnity was not thirteen times the loss, but only one and one-third of the loss.
Twain indicated that he could not comment for publication, but would respond in the April edition of "The North American Review". His representative indicated: "He hopes that both the Peking Missionary Association and the American Board of Foreign Missions will like it, but he has his doubts." In response to an open letter from the ABCFM demanding an apology, Twain penned "To My Missionary Critics," which offered no apologies, although it ended by acknowledging that missionaries no doubt mean well. The essay, originally entitled "The Case of Rev. Dr. Ament, Missionary," was published in the "North American Review" in April 1901. Twain explored the delicate moral difference between a demand thirteen times as great as it should be and a demand that was only one and a third times the correct amount. As Paine explains, "The point had been made by the board that it was the Chinese custom to make the inhabitants of a village responsible for individual crimes; and custom, likewise, to collect a third in excess of the damage, such surplus having been applied to the support of widows and orphans of the slain converts."
Ament arrested.
In February 1901 Ament and two British subjects were arrested by German and French troops near Tungchow, and charged with trying to extort money from the Chinese villagers. While the two British subjects were released, Ament was held pending an appeal to United States Minister Conger. Ament was subsequently released at the direction of the German military commander, Count Alfred von Waldersee. Chamberlin indicated that the French and Germans, under pressure from the Americans, released him, insisting that he was never under arrest.
On 15 March 1901, Ament accused German soldiers of plundering the city of Man-Ming, a hundred kilometres from Beijing. Ament said that "they ransacked and desecrated a Christian chapel and despoiled the women of their trinkets, even tearing the rings out of their ears and ill-treating them in other ways. The Germans replied by charging the missionaries themselves with partaking of the plunder."
Third furlough (1901–1902).
Ament left Beijing on 26 March 1901 to return to the United States to make his case, clear his name and defend the reputation of the other missionaries. On 1 April 1901, Ament, refusing to be a scapegoat in the affair, cabled the following to the ABCFM:Nothing has been done except after consultation with colleagues and the full approval of the United States Minister. I will secure a certificate from Mr. H. Conger to that effect."
Ament arrived back in the United States on 25 April 1901. On the same day, "The New York Times" reprinted an interview with Ament and Edwin H. Conger, the United States Minister to China (1898–1905), originally conducted in Kobe, Japan on 6 April 1901 while both men were "en route" to the United States. Conger defended the actions of Ament, indicating confiscated goods had been sold to ensure the survival of Chinese Christians. Conger indicated that the missionaries "only appropriated their property for justifiable ends."
In May 1901 Ament responded to his critics during an extended visit to the United States of America in 1901. In response to the criticisms of Twain and others, Ament denied that the missionaries forced the Chinese to accept Christianity, and that "We treat their beliefs kindly, try to extract the good, and never interfere with their customs, except where they interfere with Christianity."
On 16 May 1901, Ament addressing guests at the third annual Asiatic Society of America dinner in New York, again defended himself and his fellow missionaries:
The missionaries in China, of whom I am proud to be one, represent a class of American citizens whose work in the Orient have been purposefully misrepresented...The missionaries' words have been twisted, wring interpretations made. The persistency of work like this can only justify the feeling that the root of this un-American warfare is due, not so much to what is seen or known of the deeds of missionaries, but the opposition to Christianity itself. The purpose was fixed before China was reached at all, and this murderous spirit stops not at injustice to individuals.
By the end of May 1901 ABCFM Board secretary Dr Judson Smith silenced Ament, as he believed further comments were damaging Ament and his colleagues. Smith attempted a final defence of Ament and the other missionaries in May in an essay entitled "The Missionaries and Their Critics."
Twain was unrepentant, referring to "Christian pirates like Ament and professional hypocrites and liars like Rev. Judson Smith of the American Board...Whenever you ask people to support them missions Joe, do bar China. Their presence there is forbidden by the Bible and by every sentiment of humanity – and fair dealing. And they have done vast mischief there. I would bar no other country."
Fourth missionary term in China (1902–1908).
In 1902, Ament and his family returned to Beijing, where he resumed his responsibilities as the pastor the South Chapel of the Congregational Church; and as a trustee of the board of the Methodist Episcopal Church's Peking University (later re-named Yenching University).
By 1902, North China was reported as being pacified. Fellow ABCFM missionary, Howard Spilman Galt (1872–1948) reported: "Everything seems to be remarkably quiet in the field where Dr. Ament took the first steps in reconstructing the work just a year ago. In no place could we discover any but the friendliest feelings toward him. Especially did the officials speak well of him."
Advocate of Christian unity.
Ament was an ardent advocate for the "federation among Christian forces" in China, and supported the comity principle, whereby mission groups would be assigned their own areas for evangelisation to avoid direct competition with other agencies. In 1907 Ament, as Chairman on the Committee on Church Union and Comity, presented a paper to the China Centenary Missionary Conference held at Shanghai. Missionary college, Rev. J.P. Jones, ABCFM missionary to India, wrote:
His broad Catholic spirit made him a leader among his peers in China in the advocacy of comity and federation among the
Christian forces of that great land of China. The missionary body wisely chose him as the chairman of the Committee on Christian Union, of the Shanghai Conference. Few know how thoroughly and eagerly he studied this fundamental question, but we all know how eloquently and convincingly he advocated the cause of union in his report at the great conference. And Christian union in that far-off land will owe more to his sagacity and eager advocacy than any one can now realize.
Illness.
From late July 1908, Ament underwent a series of four operations in the seaside town of Pei Tai Ho (now Beidaihe), Hebei to relieve a serious septic medical condition. He was able to return to Beijing in October, but by 8 November he had developed severe pressure on his brain, necessitating the decision to repatriate him to the United States. The Aments left Beijing on 24 November 1908, and departed China for the final time from Shanghai on 1 December 1908 on the "Nippon Maru". After transiting Kobe, Japan, they arrived in San Francisco on Christmas Day in 1908. Ament was transferred to the Lane Hospital, but his condition was deemed inoperable.
Death.
Despite being "a man of unusual physical endurance, ...after thirty-six years of service and much intense strain", Ament died at the Lane Hospital in San Francisco on 6 January 1909, at the age of 57, with both his wife, and son, Will, with him. Medical authorities determined that : "An abscess of the brain, resulting from septic conditions, was the source of the later symptoms and disabilities."
Ament was buried in Owosso, Michigan on Tuesday, 12 January 1909 after a funeral conducted in his home church, the First Congregational Church. Memorial services were held for Ament on Sunday, 17 January 1909 at Owosso, Michigan; Medina, Ohio; and at the Dwight Place Congregational Church, New Haven, Connecticut. A final memorial service was held on Sunday 14 February 1909 at the Teng Shih K'ou (now Deng Shi Kou) Congregational Church in Beijing, with the Chinese language service at 2.00 pm, and the English language service at 4.30 pm.
Evaluation of Ament and his ministry.
Missionary colleague Charles Ewing in a letter dated 2 January 1899, provided an evaluation of Ament and his ministry:
Dr. Ament was the preacher yesterday and held his audience well throughout his rather extended discourse. ... I suppose there can be little doubt that Dr. Ament is the best Chinese preacher in the city. The people like to hear him. And then, he is exceedingly good in personal work, taking an interest in men individually and winning them. This kind of pastoral work is just as invaluable here as it is at home. ... In every way, it is a great advantage to have the senior member of the station [Peking back on the field and at work again. And then, Dr. Ament is a great worker. How he gets through with so much work, I don't know. I was always said that he could do two men's work...
A colleague called Ament the "ideal missionary" in recognition of his dedication, courage, proficiency and expertise in China and the Chinese language, and leadership of his flock of Chinese Christians. After his death, the Owossa, Michigan newspaper indicated that Ament "was easily the most useful man Owosso ever produced." A street in Owosso was named in his honour. Ament is regarded as one of the former residents of Owosso "who have made national and international impacts on society".
In a letter to Myra Smith on 27 February 1909, not long after Ament's death, Charles Ewing, one of Ament's colleagues, wrote:I have just been writing today to Will Ament. You must know of the death of his father Dr. Ament, on 6 January. I wanted to give Will a new view on the largeness and strength of his father. He is the best evangelistic worker and the most successful organizer that we have ever had in the Mission. His loss will be felt seriously, both by the work and by the workers personally. But he had done his work so thoroly and well that no other station could lose its leading worker and be left so strong as Peking. After many years of most faithful, earnest, painstaking labor, he had just succeeded in getting everything into such shape that, as he faced death, it was not with the sense of duties left undone, but in the calm assurance that now at last he could be spared.
In 1935 William E. Griffis indicated:For the missionaries and diplomatists there were rescue, food, and certain indemnity; but what of the native Christians exiled from their homes and fields, of which only vestiges remained? Where was even food to come from? In such a crisis, brave men, like the American Dr. Ament, went out into the open country. According to justice and immemorial custom in China, he compelled the village elders, who had connived at, or encouraged the Boxers, to furnish supplies of food. From the confiscated property in Peking, money was obtained to support the native Christians until they could be sent home. This action was misunderstood and maligned at home by a popular author. He "caught a Tartar" in attacking Dr. Ament, who showed the true facts.
According to a 2009 book by Larry Thompson, Ament's "resourceful heroism was tarnished by hubris and looting." Once publicly criticized by Mark Twain, Ament grew notorious in the controversy surrounding foreign missionaries in China."

</doc>
<doc id="20632724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632724" title="Salmon Pink (film)">
Salmon Pink (film)

Salmon Pink is the 76th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
Pink befriends a fish at the beach who begs for bits of his sandwich. The fish follows him home, but Pink demands he return to the ocean. After the fish fetches his newspaper, Pink decides to adopt him as a pet. After a series of mishaps in town, Pink decides the fish is more trouble than it's worth. Although the fish has eventually become accustomed to breathing air, Pink tosses it back in the ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20632728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632728" title="B1110 road">
B1110 road

The B1110 runs for about between Holt and Dereham, and is entirely within the county of Norfolk. The road is a link between the A148 and the A47 at the town of Dereham.
History.
This ancient route predates the Norman Conquest and was used by pilgrims who travelled between the Saxon cathedral, seat of the Bishop of East Anglia, at North Elmham and the abbey at Walsingham and Binham Priory. This ancient road also can be seen very clearly on William Faden’s map of Norfolk which was surveyed between 1790 and 1794. This map, the first large-scale map (at one inch to the mile) of the whole county, is a record of the landscape and transport system of the county of Norfolk in late 18th century, and shows that despite the Parliamentary Enclosure of the early 19th century the route has changed very little. Much of the route on the map is highlighted in a pale pink which marks it out as an important artery of the time.
Destinations.
Travelling from north-northeast to south, the road passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20632732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632732" title="Forty Pink Winks">
Forty Pink Winks

Forty Pink Winks is the 77th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther, desperate for sleep, stumbles into a local hotel. He then battles wits with the hotel detective, taking refuge in an obese man's room. Eventually the hotel detective loses his mind and quits his job, and walks out just as a hotel detectives convention arrives.

</doc>
<doc id="20632734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632734" title="Vengeance of Morbius">
Vengeance of Morbius

Vengeance of Morbius is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
This is the last of a two-part story, the first part being "Sisters of the Flame".
Synoposis.
The Doctor and Lucie investigate the leader of the Cult of Morbius, who is laying siege to Gallifrey.
Plot.
The Doctor and Lucie protest as the Sisters force them over to the dispersal chamber. The Doctor insists that because he’d done everything they’d asked of him, the very least they owe him is an explanation. Orthena accepts this and reveals that Zarodnix is the leader of the Cult of Morbius. Lucie confirms that she’d heard this too and the Doctor is surprised to learn that she was briefed by Straxus - but they’re both still confused as the Doctor has no idea who Zarodnix is and Lucie doesn’t know who Morbius is! Even when the Doctor explains that Morbius was a Time Lord dictator who wanted to take over the Universe, Lucie still can’t see what the problem is if he’s already dead, but when the Doctor learns that Zarodnix is a rich intergalactic businessman who lives on Karn, the pieces start to fall into place. 
Haspira believes the Doctor is playing for time and wonders what makes him any different from all the other Time Lords. Lucie realises they must have killed other Time Lords, but Orthena says they were mere bookworms, academics and small-minded researchers with no experience of the Universe outside Gallifrey, whereas the Doctor actually fought Morbius and has a right to know the truth before he dies. She explains that the Zarodnix Corporation drove the Sisterhood from Karn and mined out the surface of their planet. After the Sisterhood found a new home, they discovered Zarodnix has a dangerous obsession with Morbius and has dedicated his entire life to collecting every surviving artefact relating to the despot. Haspira was given the task of infiltrating the Zarodnix Corporation and fortunately the Trell were easily manipulated and soon trusted her…but then she learned that Zarodnix planned to revive Morbius… 
On Karn, Kristof Zarodnix arrives on level minus 1,087 where the main laboratory is located. After confirming his voice print, retina scan and blood DNA sample, the security computer grants him access. He’s overjoyed when he learns that the latest extraction experiment was totally successful and he holds up a molecular-sealed specimen capsule and lovingly admires its engineering. He congratulates the Trell on their work and prepares to fulfil his lifelong vision, but then they’re interrupted by news that the incoming spacecraft is about to land. Zarodnix doesn’t care and gives the Trell permission to arrest the occupants or kill them, whatever they prefer. Aboard Haspira’s ship, Rosto informs Straxus that they’re about to land, but the Time Lord panics and insists that the Marshal take them back up into space. Unfortunately none of the controls are working and it’s not long before the ship settles on the surface. Straxus appears genuinely terrified and Rosto can’t understand why he’s so frightened. 
The Doctor reminds the Sisters that the brain of Morbius fell to its death in the deepest canyon on Karn centuries ago and no part of him could have survived. Orthena admits that they don’t know what Zarodnix’s plan is and all they know is that he’s been scouring space and time with one aim - to find a Time Lord. The Sisterhood warned the Time Lords, who immediately quarantined Gallifrey and recalled all TARDISes, then they used the Timescoop to track down any Time Lords who didn’t respond. Orthena says that Zarodnix’s time particle monitors were able to follow the movements of the Timescoop, which is how his agents found and captured the Doctor. Fortunately Haspira was there to ‘rescue’ him, but Haspira is now keen to have the Doctor and Lucie executed… 
In the laboratory, Zarodnix and the Trell are implanting the specimen capsule into a cabinet-like device called the Genetrotron when news arrives that security scans show one of the occupants of the captured spaceship is a Time Lord. Zarodnix is delighted and orders him to be brought down immediately. Rosto and Straxus hear banging outside the spaceship. Rosto suggests opening the hatch as Zarodnix’s people are quite within their rights to arrest them, but Straxus says Zarodnix is a maniac and they have to find a way off the planet quickly. Suddenly the airlock blows open and the Trell storm in, grabbing hold of Rosto and immediately implanting him with augmentation nanocytes. He cries out and collapses, then the Trell turn their attention to Straxus. Haspira demands that the Doctor and Lucie be placed in the dispersal chamber, and despite their protests, the two travellers are dragged inside and the door is closed behind them. Reluctantly Orthena gives the order for the machine to be switched on. Inside, the Doctor is hopeful the chamber is so old it might not work, but they soon discover they’re not going to be so lucky. The Doctor bangs angrily on the door and demands they be released, but no one is listening. He tells Lucie they have about 37 seconds left and admits that he’s run out of ideas. Lucie is remarkably calm and tells him she’s glad that if they have to die at least they were reunited first. The Doctor wonders how Straxus was able to find Lucie and she suddenly remembers she took the Time Ring from him. The Doctor rebukes her for not mentioning it earlier, then he grabs it and activates the controls. Immediately an alarm sounds which tells them the dispersal chamber doesn’t like the energy the Ring is emitting. 
Outside the chamber, Orthena realises the power is being blocked by the energy of a Time Lord device. The Doctor and Lucie are worried when the Time Ring slows down and the dispersal chamber starts to power up again. The air inside starts getting really hot and the Doctor realises their molecules are getting agitated, so he bangs on the door again and calls out to the Sisters, warning them that Zarodnix already has a Time Lord prisoner. Moments later, the machine is switched off and the door opens. Orthena orders the Doctor to prove what he said and he shows her the Time Ring which belonged to Straxus, who was left behind on Haspira’s ship which was en route to Karn. Orthena had already sensed that Lucie was near Karn when the Sisters teleported her away so she realises he’s telling the truth. Whatever Zarodnix’s crazy plan is, this means he already has the Time Lord he needs. 
As Straxus is brought before Zarodnix, the businessman orders his Trell servants not to damage him. Zarodnix uses a scanner to confirm the prisoner is a Time Lord, then he tells the Trell to prepare him immediately as they have no time to waste. Straxus warns him that what he’s doing is forbidden by the High Council of the Time Lords, but Zarodnix reminds him they’re currently hiding away on Gallifrey. Straxus is dragged away, screaming… 
Haspira insists they kill the Doctor and Lucie anyway - just to be sure - which makes Lucie realise how wrong she was when she first met Haspira and thought she was really nice. The Doctor returns to the idea of Zarodnix mining Karn and Haspira confirms that she saw mining equipment arrive on the planet. The Doctor realises Zarodnix must have located a fragment of Morbius’s brain in the canyon, but that still doesn’t explain why he needs another Time Lord. 
Straxus is strapped onto a machine in the laboratory and Zarodnix takes the opportunity to mock the weak, defenceless Time Lord as a typical example of his race. He says they have such power, but they never fulfil their potential or put their greatness to any use. Straxus accuses him of being as deranged as Morbius, but Zarodnix is flattered by the comparison. Then he explains that Straxus is going to help him bring Morbius back to life… 
The Doctor has realised Zarodnix’s plan must involve genetic fusing. The Sisters can’t comprehend what he means, but Lucie has seen “Jurassic Park” and explains that Zarodnix has a piece of Morbius’s brain which he can mix with Straxus’s DNA to bring him back to life like a dead dinosaur. Orthena confirms that Zarodnix has access to the greatest minds in the known Universe so he’s probably bought the know-how to blend their genetic codes. The essentials of Morbius are contained within the brain fragment and everything else Zarodnix needs to create an entirely new Time Lord can be extracted from Straxus. They realise they have to rescue him quickly. Orthena starts to chant in an attempt to teleport Straxus to safety, but the Doctor knows Karn will be protected by energy fields and they’ll never reach him through mind power. Orthena believes all is lost, but the Doctor says they can still use his TARDIS him by coding the ship’s co-ordinates to those in Straxus‘s Time Ring. 
Straxus pleads with Zarodnix to stop the experiment, but to no avail. He tries to convince Zarodnix that Morbius is dead and there’s no power in the Universe that can bring him back, but Zarodnix says he’s devoted his entire life to studying Morbius’s ideals and he believes his reputation is based on propaganda and lies. Among the artefacts he’s obtained over the years include Morbius’s Presidential robes, the technology he developed with his own hands and, not least, the very cells from his mind. With an infusion of living Time Lord DNA, there can now induce a new regeneration of Morbius. 
Orthena takes the Doctor and Lucie to the TARDIS, ignoring Haspira’s pleads that she’s making a mistake for letting them go free. The elder Sister says their only concern is that Morbius should never rise from the dead and this is now the Doctor’s sacred mission also. She tells him the Sisterhood will be watching over him and he promises to do his best. As they enter the TARDIS, Lucie asks the Doctor what Orthena meant about watching over them, and he tells her no one’s ever been sure about the true extent of the Sisterhood’s psychic reach. The Doctor starts programming the controls for Karn, but Lucie asks why they can’t just go back in time and land inside Haspira’s ship before it reached the planet. He says this would involve him crossing his own timeline, which would be very unwise. In fact, he’s worried they may have already done that and he reminds her when the power shut down earlier as if the Eye of Harmony had never existed. He decides it’s worth taking Lucie’s advice and prepares to cross their timeline. Lucie is excited and wonders if they’ll bump into themselves, but suddenly the TARDIS jolts and the Doctor tells them the Timescoop snuck up behind them and disabled the controls while he wasn’t looking. There’s nothing he can do now to stop them being swallowed up by the black hole… 
The TARDIS materialises and the Doctor and Lucie emerge to find themselves on Gallifrey. There’s no one about and it seems they’ve landed in some kind of holding area inside the Capitol. Bulek calls to them from the shadows and tells them the Timescoop is only employed to bring all their errant children back into the fold in the direst emergencies. He tells them the other Time Lords are all in deep isolation, but when he says he isn’t happy to discuss such matters in front of Lucie, she realises he’s just scared about Morbius coming back from the dead. She reminds him that his ’mate’ Straxus is in trouble and says they were on the way to help him when they were diverted. Bulek knows they were preparing to break the rules of time and he insists they stay here rather than continue on their journey. Bulek’s records indicate that Straxus was on his way back to Gallifrey and he expects him to arrive shortly, but the Doctor points out he’s been following Straxus’s Time Ring, not Straxus himself. In fact, Straxus is now in the hands of Zarodnix… 
The processing of Straxus is now complete and Zarodnix is pleased to see he’s still alive as they may need him again in the future. The Trell technicians confirm the gene-splicing was completed successfully, then they open up the Genetrotron cabinet and inside the cabinet they see a man wearing Presidential robes. Zarodnix asks Straxus if he can identify the man, but before he can answer, the man steps out and proudly announces that he is Morbius! Inside the TARDIS, the Doctor and Lucie are waiting for Bulek to shut down the Transduction Barriers so they can leave Gallifrey when the ship suddenly starts shaking. The Doctor realises the whole planet is being affected, so they race outside to find Bulek. He tells them they’re under attack from primitive interplanetary missiles and the earthquakes they’re feeling are the missiles bouncing off the Barriers. The ships in orbit are manned by the Trell and Lucie realises they must be working for Zarodnix. The Trell can’t get through the Barriers, but they’ve been sent here to relay a hyperlink transmission from Karn. Everyone turns to look at a screen and they see Zarodnix next to a young man he refers to as his Lord Morbius. 
Morbius sends a message to the High Council of Time Lords - he tells them he’s returned and will show them as much mercy as they afforded him. When he receives no response, he assumes the Time Lords are too afraid, so the Doctor asks Bulek to open a channel, then he apologises for the delay and says they were all busy finishing off a particularly good jigsaw puzzle. Morbius recognises the Doctor from centuries ago, but the Doctor tells him he should give up his plans for galactic domination, because although he’ll never succeed, he’ll create endless carnage while trying. Morbius says there’s nothing the Time Lords can do to stop his vengeance from consuming the cosmos, but the Doctor mocks him and says he’s surrounded by yes-men like Zarodnix. Morbius produces a medallion-like device, which the Doctor identifies as the remote activator for a Stellar Manipulator. He assures Lucie it’s harmless without the Manipulator itself and only one was ever constructed, but Morbius says he’s mistaken. He presses a switch and says the Stellar Manipulator is now active. On Gallifrey, the lights start to fade and Bulek reports a power drain. Morbius is draining off the energy from the Eye of Harmony and soon the Time Lords will be left without the power of time travel and at the mercy of his Trell army. The Doctor switches the transmission off and tells Bulek to deactivate the Transduction Barriers. Gallifrey will be exposed soon enough anyway, so they need to leave in the TARDIS before it becomes immobilised. The Doctor and Lucie plan to go to Karn, stop Zarodnix and prevent the resurrection of Morbius - even if it means breaking the rules of time! 
On Karn, Zarodnix tells Morbius that the Transduction Barriers have been shut down. Morbius calmly orders the Trell to open fire and says that when the Times Lords have been destroyed, there’ll be plenty more work for them to do… 
The Doctor and Lucie race into the TARDIS, but Lucie is worried that when the Eye of Harmony shuts down they’ll be trapped in the ship without any power. The Doctor assures her they’ll have a certain amount of reserve power and if they can latch on to one surviving nano-second of temporal energy they’ll be able to complete their mission. As they dematerialise, Lucie insists they go back to before all this started and nobble Zarodnix. Just then, the console starts to spark and the Doctor realises the Stellar Manipulator is ripping the heart right out of his TARDIS. Then there’s an explosion… 
…and the TARDIS materialises. The Doctor and Lucie are relieved to be alive and it even looks like there’s an ounce of power still left in the ship’s cells. They don’t have enough energy left to check what’s outside, so they have to trust the ship’s homing instincts. When they emerge, they find themselves in a large cell that reminds Lucie of the London Dungeons. They notice a hooded prisoner in the shadows and when the Doctor removes the man’s cowl, he’s revealed to be Straxus. Across the planet, the computerised voice of an augmented Trell announces the return of their Lord Morbius in victory from battle. The people are ordered to rejoice… 
In the cell, the Doctor and Lucie have also heard the announcement. Weakly, Straxus explains that this is what’s happened for the last ten or more years, and Lucie realises to her horror that the TARDIS must have slipped forward in time rather than backwards. Morbius has been going about his conquering ways for over a decade and every opponent has fallen before his might. Straxus says the Palace they’re in was built on the remnants of a thousand worlds and he only ever leaves his cell for the ‘feeding’. The Doctor realises he’s referring to unsuccessful gene-splicing and Straxus explains that Zarodnix never really understood the technology that he was using. Every time Morbius’s life force weakens, they take more of Straxus’s. If Morbius is returning from battle, then Straxus will be summoned shortly and he’s not sure how much longer he can survive… 
Zarodnix greets his Lord Emperor, but his welcome is dismissed by the weary Morbius who demands they bring up their prisoner from the dungeon. Zarodnix had predicted this and had prepared the gene-infuser the moment he heard Morbius was returning. Morbius admits that he’s fatigued by battle, but says it was a good fight and his empire continues to grow…and the more it grows, the more fear itself becomes their greatest weapon. Whole star systems are now surrendering at the mere sight of his fleets, but there are still occasional challenges to enjoy. In the dungeons, Lucie assumes the Doctor’s silence means he’s coming up with a plan, but she tells him to be quick as someone’s going to come through the door any minute now and drag poor Straxus off to have the life drained out of him. The Doctor asks if Morbius is still wearing the Stellar Manipulator remote control around his neck and Straxus says it’s always there as a symbol of his power. The Doctor thinks it’s more than just a symbol and says it’s holding the Eye of Harmony at bay and denying it to the Time Lords. Lucie says if they can switch it off, Gallifrey will get its power back and they can travel back in time to put everything right. The Doctor sarcastically points out that it’s not going to be that easy, but essentially she’s right. 
Zarodnix tells Morbius he’s heard a rumour that Earth put up a bit of a fight. Morbius says it’s true and the humans were very tenacious…for a while at least. He says he’s brought back the Statue of Liberty as a trophy to put on top of the Palace and he’s already put a thousand slaves to work on it. He wonders whether the humans, if trained and conditioned correctly, would make good soldiers for the empire. Morbius becomes weary again and goes out onto the balcony to think about the many races he still has left to conquer. After a campaign he always likes to come out and look down over the canyon where he once fell to his death. He says he has a lot to thank Zarodnix for, but then Morbius is suddenly gripped by an intense pain and he orders Zarodnix to send for Straxus immediately. 
When the Doctor takes Lucie back to the TARDIS she’s worried he’s planning to take off and leave Straxus to his fate, but he tells her it’s time to use their last remaining ounce of power. While he activates the ship’s telepathic circuits to see if the Sisterhood are still around, he sends Lucie back to Straxus with some water. The weakened Time Lord is sceptical when he learns the Doctor is trying to contact the Sisterhood as he believes they’ll have been one of Morbius’s first targets for vengeance. Lucie wonders what happened to her friend Rosto and she’s surprised when Straxus tells her he’s still here. He says they injected him with whatever Zarodnix was using to control the Trell and ever since then, he’s been the one who collects Straxus and takes him to Morbius. He thinks there may be something of the old Rosto still left in the new augmented creature as he speaks to him from time to time and he always says the same two words - “Lucie Miller”… 
The Doctor telepathically sends out a message to Orthena, warning that they only have one chance to get things right. He’s prepared to sacrifice his life, but it’s vital they get the Manipulator away from Morbius. When he switches the device off, the Sisterhood must teleport him away immediately or else they’ll just kill him and re-set it. Although he’s sure he can feel Orthena’s mind, there’s no response. Eventually the power in the TARDIS fades completely and he can do no more. 
Haspira complains to Orthena that the Time Lords have never done anything for them and that they should leave the Time Lords where they are, besieged and isolated. She believes the Sisterhood are safe and that they don’t owe anything to the rest of the Universe, so she suggests they let the Doctor fight his own battle without their help. The Doctor returns to the dungeon and reveals that he’s used up the last of their power and he doesn’t know whether the Sisterhood got his message. He’s surprised to see Lucie and Straxus being watched over by one of the augmented Trell guard, but Straxus explains that this is Rosto, the policeman who helped Lucie earlier. The Doctor knows that without the bionic alterations, the Trell are normally quite an affable species, and this is confirmed when Rosto turns to Lucie and calls her name. It seems Lucie must have made quite an impression on him after all… 
Zarodnix assures the weakened Morbius that the infusion is ready. Straxus is on his way, but he’s taking a long time and Morbius wonders what’ll happen if the Time Lord is dead. Zarodnix is confident Straxus should survive for a number of years yet, but Morbius realises that eventually he’s going to need another Time Lord - and in all his campaigns, there’s been no sign of them anywhere. Morbius looks down over the canyon again and wonders if this is where his ultimate destiny lies. Zarodnix says Morbius is overwrought and notes that he’s always like this just before the ’feeding’. The doors open and their prisoner is brought in. Morbius urges Zarodnix to bring him straight to the infuser, but when he orders Straxus to remove his cowl so he can see his rotting, stinking face, he discovers the prisoner is none other than the Doctor! 
Before anyone can react, the Doctor snatches the remote activator from around Morbius’s neck. Morbius calls for Zarodnix to kill the Doctor, but then Lucie, Straxus and Rosto burst in. There’s a brief battle with the guards in the throne room during which Rosto is hit and falls to the floor. Morbius struggles with the Doctor as they fight over the activator, so the Doctor concentrates and sends a telepathic signal to the Sisterhood, pleading for their help. Morbius taunts the Doctor and says he’s not strong enough to fight him without the help of those witches. They soon find themselves out on the balcony. Lucie shouts out a warning, but the Doctor is too busy shutting down the Manipulator. He tells Morbius the power is now returning to the Time Lords and they’ll soon be on their way here, crossing their timelines and shutting Morbius out of history completely. Morbius finally realises he has no future and is determined that at least he can force the Doctor to join him in his oblivion. With the last of his strength, Morbius grabs hold of the Doctor and the two of them fall over the edge of the balcony, disappearing from sight, deep into the canyon below… 
Lucie screams for the Doctor. Straxus tells her they’ve gone, but at least Morbius is back where he belongs. Lucie refuses to believe the Doctor could be dead and looks over the balcony, clinging to the hope that he might be holding onto something just below them - but there’s nothing there. Slowly the truth dawns on her and she realises the Doctor has gone. Suddenly the air is filled with a strange noise and Straxus says it must be the Time Lords correcting the flow of time. Then they miraculously find themselves on Karn many years earlier, before the Zarodnix Corporation came here. Bulek appears and explains that thanks to the Doctor they’ve been able to put everything right. There never was a Morbius empire, but Bulek says the Doctor’s death was part of the vital time event that made the repairing of history possible. His actions are at the centre of things, so there’s nothing they can do to save him. 
Lucie threatens to kick some sense into Bulek, but he tells her she too has to be returned to her correct timeline. She begins to cry and says her correct place is down in the canyon with the Doctor. She says they might as well chuck her down there with him, but as she completely breaks down, Straxus knows she doesn’t mean it. He tells her the Time Lords can make her forget everything and says it might be for the best, but she pushes him away angrily and refuses the offer. She says the Doctor was her mate and he saved the Universe, and that’s something she never wants to forget. Bulek says the Doctor always inspired such peculiar loyalty and they agree to respect Lucie’s wishes. Lucie says she doesn’t respect any of the Time Lords because if they really cared they’d be willing to break a few of their fancy rules and bring him back to life. Bulek asks her if deep down she really thinks it’s all over, but all Lucie can say is that she’ll never forget the Doctor. She asks the Time Lords to take her home. Much later, Lucie is at home when there’s a ring on the doorbell. Although it’s the middle of the night, the caller is obviously impatient as the ringing and knocking becomes more intense. Eventually Lucie opens the door and is shocked to find herself facing her old foe, the Headhunter. The woman raises an alien gun and warns Lucie that she’ll kill her if she makes a move. Lucie protests, but this is enough for the Headhunter and she opens fire. Lucie screams and the sound of her voice echoes in the air and then fades away…
Broadcast.
This episode was broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 7 on 18 December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20632776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632776" title="American Financial Services Association">
American Financial Services Association

American Financial Services Association (AFSA) is a trade association for the U.S. consumer credit industry headquartered in Washington, D.C.. AFSA’s 350 members include consumer and commercial finance companies, vehicle finance/leasing companies, mortgage lenders, credit card issuers, industrial banks and industry suppliers. AFSA is a founding member of Americans Well-informed on Automobile Retailing Economics.
History.
The association was founded in 1916 as the American Association of Small Loan Brokers. The group formed to promote state laws that would make small loans more readily available to average Americans, who had few options at the time to receive small personal loans. The association changed names several times throughout the years before its merger in 1971 with the American Industrial Bankers Association, an organization of industrial banks, thrift and loan companies and sales finance companies. By 1983, the association’s members included diversified financial services firms and consumer credit subsidiaries of retailing firms, prompting another name change to the American Financial Services Association, which it is still known as today. 
AFSA Education Foundation.
The AFSA Education Foundation (AFSAEF) is a non-profit AFSA affiliate with the mission to help consumers realize the benefits of responsible money management, understand the credit process and seek help if credit problems occur. AFSAEF offers a number of free publications for consumers on topics from holiday spending to vehicle financing. MoneySKILL is a free online personal finance course for high school students on money management fundamentals.

</doc>
<doc id="20632781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632781" title="Committee Bay">
Committee Bay

Committee Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It forms the southeast end of the Gulf of Boothia and is bounded on the east by the Melville Peninsula, and to the northwest by the Simpson Peninsula. Wales Island lies within the bay. It was first explored by John Rae (explorer) in 1846/47.

</doc>
<doc id="20632782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632782" title="The Diagnosis of Love">
The Diagnosis of Love

The Diagnosis of Love is a chick lit novel by the American writer Maggie Leffler set in contemporary Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and in England. 
It tells the story of Holly Campbell, a young doctor trying to run away from her mother's recent death and her own misadventures with romance. She answers an ad that seems to be the perfect escape: a residency program in rural England.

</doc>
<doc id="20632792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632792" title="Pink Elephant (film)">
Pink Elephant (film)

Pink Elephant is the 79th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
Anelephant breaks free of its tether and follows The Pink Panther out of the zoo. Pink orders it back, but the zoo is closed. Sympathetic to the elephant's sadness, Pink takes it home. He battles wits with his apartment manager, who is in bed trying to sleep while Pink attempts to push the elephant into various rooms and beds. Eventually the elephant finds a bed, which then collapses through several floors squashing both Pink and the apartment manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20632823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632823" title="Keep Our Forests Pink">
Keep Our Forests Pink

Keep Our Forests Pink is the 80th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther is a responsible caretaker in a national park. One man and his dog come to the park and he ignores a sign that says "no open fires". He chops down the sign and uses it to start a fire. Pink sees the fire and puts it out. The man comes back and sees the fire has been put out, he accuses his dog of doing it (which the dog denies). The man then chops down a tree and sets it on fire. Pink sees this and puts his box of matches near him. The man, thinking that his box of matches is fire wood, puts the box in the fire. When he realizes this he gets a water bucket and puts it out. Then he ignores a sign that says "no fishing" and goes to the lake and fishes while littering. Pinks sees this and attaches his hook to a safe then pulls on the string, to imitate the feeling that a fish has bitten the hook. The man becomes excited and reels in his line, pulling his boat underwater. Then Pink sees that the man is littering again and holds up a sign that says "RED ALERT" to a woodpecker who then taps on a tree which wakes a sleeping bear. The bear sees all the trash and forces the man to clean it up. By nightfall the man is tired and he goes to bed, Pink then shuts down the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20632835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632835" title="Peta Todd">
Peta Todd

Peta Louise Todd (; born December 8, 1986) is a former English glamour model and "Page 3" girl.
Modelling career.
Todd first appeared on "The Sun" newspaper's "Page 3" when she was 18. She took time out of her modelling career in 2006 to have her son Finnbar, but returned to "Page 3" soon after.
In 2010, Todd appeared as one of the Power Girls in the first Power Snooker tournament.
Since 2005 Todd has modelled regularly for "Body in Mind", including during her first pregnancy.
Charity work.
In 2008, she cycled 400 miles (640 km) in 5 days raising over £3,000 through sponsorship and a further £4,000 by auctioning her bicycle and cycling shorts on the last day of her ride for the Help for Heroes charity. Todd has also travelled to Afghanistan to boost the morale of the British troops stationed there. She is the charity's 'official pin-up' and patron, and has completed many challenges for Help For Heroes including skydives, wingwalks and bobsleighing and she completed the London Marathon 2010 in aid of the charity. In 2010, Todd received an award for outstanding contribution to the charity which included a personal meeting with Prince William.
In 2009, Todd climbed Mount Kilimanjaro along with injured servicemen and -women to raise funds for Help For Heroes.
Media work.
Todd appeared on the BBC programme "Newsnight" in 2010 to discuss the merits of 40 years of "Page 3". She has taken part in debates at the Oxford Union and several universities, including Durham.
Todd has been a regular radio show contributor, co-hosting the ""Absolution with Tim Shaw"" show on Absolute Radio and talkSport's ""The Sports Bar"". She has also appeared on BBC Radio 5 Live to discuss whether the 40th anniversary of Page Three should be celebrated.
She appeared on the Star in a Reasonably Priced Car segment of "Top Gear" in 2010, driving a Kia Cee'd. Her name was written on the scoreboard as "Peta 23 from Essex".
Personal life.
Todd has a son from a previous relationship. She is married to Manx cyclist Mark Cavendish, after meeting him in November 2010.
On 22 October 2011, the couple announced Todd's pregnancy via the media, and on 3 April 2012, Cavendish announced the birth of their daughter.
On 18 November 2012, Cavendish proposed to Todd, two years to the day after they met on the Santa Monica Pier in Los Angeles, and they married on 5 October 2013 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20632844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632844" title="It's Pink But Is It Mink?">
It's Pink But Is It Mink?

"It's Pink But is it Mink?" is the 82nd cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Little Man Tarzan, feared King of the Jungle but henpecked husband of Jane at home. When Jane orders Tarzan to get her a pink fur coat, he sets out to capture the Pink Panther.

</doc>
<doc id="20632851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632851" title="Desire of the Rhino King">
Desire of the Rhino King

Desire of the Rhino King is a compilation album released in 1991 by experimental rock musician and guitarist Adrian Belew. It includes songs from Belew's first three solo albums for Island Records: "Lone Rhino" (1982), "Twang Bar King" (1983), and "Desire Caught By the Tail" (1986).
Track listing.
All music composed by Adrian Belew except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20632872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632872" title="The Snow Queen (Lackey novel)">
The Snow Queen (Lackey novel)

The Snow Queen, published in 2008, is a novel by Mercedes Lackey, the fourth book of the "Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms" series. As in the previous book, "Fortune's Fool", characters from earlier books in the series are either mentioned or appear as secondary characters.
Plot summary.
Aleksia, Queen of the Northern Lights, is the Fairy Godmother of the land she rules. She is known to have a heart of ice, hence her title of the "Snow Queen." Her duty is to help characters like Kay and Gerda redeem themselves, their sweethearts, gain backbones, and become more sensible and less willing to follow their loves to the end of the earth. The story begins with the traditional Hans Christian Andersen tale, which continues through the first few chapters. When Aleksia is falsely accused of unleashing evil on nearby villages, she realizes there is an impostor out there far more heartless than she could ever be. Then a young man disappears, and Aleksia, his sweetheart, and his mother will have to join together to defeat this mysterious evil.

</doc>
<doc id="20632882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632882" title="The Scarlet Pinkernel">
The Scarlet Pinkernel

The Scarlet Pinkernel is the 84th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
Inspired by the legendary fictional character The Scarlet Pimpernel, the Pink Panther dons a red cape and a red hat with a feather, and becomes The Scarlet Pinkernel, protector of stray dogs. The first two dogs he saves from the dog catcher are anything but grateful, but the third dog, a large and cuddly one, gets too grateful and persistent, hops on the panther's motorcycle while he starts it, and blocks his view. The wild ride goes through a subway tunnel with a train in hot pursuit, and ends up in a telephone pole as the dog tries to chase a cat.
Production notes.
The zoo scene utilises one of William Lava's music scores from "Pickled Pink".
The exterior of the zoo and enclosure were reused from "Pink Elephant", albeit that an ostrich is in the enclosure instead of the elephant.

</doc>
<doc id="20632884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632884" title="Cyril Cleverdon">
Cyril Cleverdon

Cyril Cleverdon (9 September 1914 – 4 December 1997) was a British librarian and computer scientist who is best known for his work on the evaluation of information retrieval systems.
Cyril Cleverdon was born in Bristol, England. He worked at the Bristol Libraries from 1932 to 1938, and from 1938 to 1946 he was the librarian of the Engine Division of the Bristol Aeroplane Co. Ltd. In 1946 he was appointed librarian of the College of Aeronautics at Cranfield (later the Cranfield Institute of Technology and Cranfield University), where he served until his retirement in 1979, the last two years as professor of Information Transfer Studies.
With the help of NSF funding, Cleverdon started a series of projects in 1957 that lasted for about 10 years in which he and his colleagues set the stage for information retrieval research. In the Cranfield project, retrieval experiments were conducted on test databases in a controlled, laboratory-like setting. The aim of the research was to improve the retrieval effectiveness of information retrieval systems, by developing better indexing languages and methods. The components of the experiments were:
Together, these components form an information retrieval test collection. The test collection serves as a standard for testing retrieval approaches, and the success of each approach is measured in terms of two measures: precision and recall. Test collections and evaluation measures based on precision and recall are driving forces behind modern research on search systems. Cleverdon's approach formed a blueprint for the successful Text Retrieval Conference series that began in 1992.
Not only did Cleverdon's Cranfield studies introduce experimental research into computer science, the outcomes of the project also established the basis of the automatic indexing as done in today's search engines. Essentially, Cleverdon found that the use of single terms from the documents achieved the best retrieval performance, as opposed to manually assigned thesaurus terms, synonyms, etc. These results were very controversial at the time. In the Cranfield 2 Report, Cleverdon said:
"This conclusion is so controversial and so unexpected that it is bound to throw considerable doubt on the methods which have been used (...) A complete recheck has failed to reveal any discrepancies (...) there is no other course except to attempt to explain the results which seem to offend against every canon on which we were trained as librarians." 
Cyril Cleverdon also ran, for many years, the Cranfield conferences, which provided a major international forum for discussion of ideas and research in information retrieval. This function was taken over by the SIGIR conferences in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20632886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632886" title="Lockington cum Hemington">
Lockington cum Hemington

Lockington cum Hemington is a civil parish in the North West Leicestershire district of Leicestershire, England. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 556. The parish includes the villages of Hemington and Lockington.
Although there isn't a rail station in the village, East Midlands Parkway opened early in 2008 at Ratcliffe-on-Sour providing links on the Midland Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20632900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632900" title="Mystic Pink">
Mystic Pink

Mystic Pink is the 85th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther lives in a rundown house at the city dump. Hungrily he walks towads the city hoping to find something to eat. A magician drives past, and his hat falls onto the road. Out of the hat steps a giant rabbit, who cuddles the panther and happily starts following him. The rabbit rewards the panther with a luxurious dinner he pulls out of the hat. The panther tries to become rich by searching for oil, but only gets an oil can, and himself drenched in some oil that flows from the hat. When he cleans himself in a health spa, he stays too long in the steam bath and gets reduced to miniature size. Climbing into the hat makes him grow into an enormous panther, so he has to restore himself to normal size by visiting the spa a second time.

</doc>
<doc id="20632934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632934" title="Hothouse (audio drama)">
Hothouse (audio drama)

Hothouse is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
Plot.
After being away for a lifetime, the Doctor finally returns to Earth. What he finds is a world on the brink of ecological collapse. Alex Marlowe, former rock musician turned wealthy eco-warrior, thinks nature should fight back. And he knows just the plant to do it.

</doc>
<doc id="20632936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632936" title="The Pink of Arabee">
The Pink of Arabee

The Pink of Arabee is the 86th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther is visiting a Middle Eastern county, and immediately gets himself into trouble when his tail gets enchanted by a snake charmer's flute, and the tail and the rope in the snake charmer's basket fall in love with each other. Later, a straw of spaghetti on the panther's dinner plate also gets amorous with the tail, so the panther has to resort to plastic surgery to get himself a genuine fox tail, hoping to escape the trouble.
Notes.
"The Pink of Arabee" is one of three later "Pink Panther" films that would be reissued as a made-for-television entry, reappearing as "The Pink of Bagdad".

</doc>
<doc id="20632948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632948" title="List of supermarket chains in Andorra">
List of supermarket chains in Andorra

This is a list of supermarket chains in Andorra.

</doc>
<doc id="20632968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632968" title="The Pink Pro">
The Pink Pro

The Pink Pro is the 87th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20632973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632973" title="Walter Lock (cricketer)">
Walter Lock (cricketer)

Walter George Lock (11 October 1907 in Bristol – 10 March 1980 in Taunton, Somerset) was a cricketer who played one first-class match for Somerset in 1928.
Lock batted at No 9 in the first Somerset innings of the match against Essex at Chelmsford, and did not bat in the second innings of a match that Somerset won convincingly. Cricket websites do not indicate his batting style, and in his one first-class match, he did not bowl.
External links.
Walter Lock at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20632976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632976" title="Anthony Armstrong">
Anthony Armstrong

Anthony Armstrong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20632987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632987" title="Pablo the Drug Mule Dog">
Pablo the Drug Mule Dog

Pablo the Drug Mule Dog is the main character in a series of anti-cocaine television advertisements produced by the agency Mother for FRANK, the United Kingdom government's national anti-drug campaign. The origins of the name Pablo are rumoured to be named after Pablo Escobar who was head of the Medellin cartel.
The main advertisement of the campaign begins with Pablo in a cellar with a large gash the length of his chest, from which bags of cocaine are being removed. From this point, Pablo to sets out to discover, ""what's the big deal about coke?"". He encounters an armed dealer before talking with a few pushers and users in a disco. The shot then moves to the inside of a toilet, where a young man's nostril starts to bleed. The advert ends with Pablo using a payphone to talk to Frank.
Pablo, voiced by David Mitchell, has a wry sense of humour and manages to satirise not only the cocaine trade but also the advert itself, through quotes like "I picked up the phone..."somehow"..and talked to Frank" and "Ever woken up with a huge gash in your stomach? I've had better mornings". Elements of recreational cocaine use are ridiculed in the campaign's six adverts, from bleeding nostrils being likened to an anus to sob-stories from pound notes used to snort the drug ("I hate being up his nostril!").
Indeed, the use of Pablo in the anti-drug campaign has been met with praise in the media and in the public eye, particularly for the large impact made without glamorising the drug trade. James Donaghy, writing for The Guardian said that ""The Drug Mule Dog advert for the government's FRANK drugs helpline is a special kind of brilliant"" and noted that ""In a Home Office survey of audiences, 83% thought the FRANK adverts were very or fairly effective...surely some kind of miracle.""

</doc>
<doc id="20632990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632990" title="Jonathan Nichols (politician)">
Jonathan Nichols (politician)

Jonathan Nichols is a Republican United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
He is a former Assistant District Attorney and an attorney. Elected in 2000, he will be term limited in 2012.
Senate Committees.
Chair, Rules

</doc>
<doc id="20632992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632992" title="Klutschak Peninsula">
Klutschak Peninsula

The Klutschak Peninsula () is located on the north of the Nunavut mainland in Canada. To the west is Queen Maud Gulf, and to the east is the Adelaide Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20632996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632996" title="The Beast of Orlok">
The Beast of Orlok

The Beast of Orlok is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
Plot.
Germany, 1827. A beast has returned to the quiet village of Orlok.
Broadcast.
The Beast of Orlok was broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 7 on 30 May 2010 and 6 June 2010 as two half hour episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20632999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20632999" title="1972 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1972 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1972 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1972. The team's head football coach was Vince Gibson. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium. 
Schedule.
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Big 8 Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20633001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633001" title="Pink Piper">
Pink Piper

Pink Piper is the 88th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980. This was also the only Pink Panther cartoon directed by Cullen Houghtaling.
Plot.
The Pink Panther is a traveling Pied Piper of Hamelin who encounters an old English village home besieged by pesky rodents. For a fee, he uses a tune on his enchanted pipe to induce one of the troublesome mice to follow him out of the village, but the mouse starts sluriping on a lemon, the Pink Panther stops playing the flute, and the mouse scurries back to the house it was plaguing. The enraged home-owner refuses to allow the panther to try again and buys a house-cat to combat the rodent. Fearing for his reputation, the Pink Panther acts to circumvent the cat and lure the mouse and its entire large family out of the house, direct to his own humble abode, where the mooching mice eat all of his food. The panther decides to become a drummer instead and attracts a parade of elephants from a zoo, which follow him against his will, and the lead mouse helps the panther by scaring the elephants away.
Production notes.
"Pink Piper" is the only Pink Panther cartoon directed by Cullen Houghtaling. Doug Goodwin provided the musical sound effects, as well as the Pink Piper's magical pipe. Several William Lava-composed music cues from "Pickled Pink" and "Dial "P" for Pink" are also utilized. 
"The Pink Panther Show" contained a laugh track when the "Pink Panther" cartoons were broadcast on NBC-TV. Currently, the laugh-tracked version airs on the France Channel Gulli.

</doc>
<doc id="20633013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633013" title="Hilton Izmir">
Hilton Izmir

The Hilton Izmir is a hotel tower located in İzmir, Turkey. The tower is 142 metres (466 ft.) tall. It has 35 floors with a restaurant at the top. It was the tallest building in Turkey when it was built in 1986, and is the tallest building on the Aegean Sea. It stands on the corner of Gazi Osmanpaşa Boulevard and 1835 street.

</doc>
<doc id="20633024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633024" title="Dürrenwaid station">
Dürrenwaid station

Dürrenwaid station is a former railway station on the Rodach Valley railway or "Rodachtalbahn" in southern Germany. It was built in 1901 at kilometre 23.37, about 3 kilometres outside the village of Dürrenwaid in the area of the market town of Nordhalben in Bavaria.
The station building is a single-storey, wooden-boarded affair. It is topped with a flat, slate-covered, saddleback roof.
The loading sidings at the station were used until the 1980s as a loading point for the school furniture factory of AMA and the television manufacturer Graetz. 
On 30 May 1976 passenger services on the line were withdrawn, the loading sidings were dismantled on 29 April 1985.
For a long time the building was used as a holiday home by a family from Berlin, which protected it from being knocked down. Since its acquisition by the Rodach Valley Railway Society ("Eisenbahnfreunde Rodachtalbahn") it has served as a home for the society and an operations building for the museum railway that has been in operation on the line since September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20633025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633025" title="Pinky Doodle">
Pinky Doodle

Pinky Doodle is the 89th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
Pink, a blue coat, tries to attack the incoming red coats and accidentally rides on a red coat horse instead of blue.

</doc>
<doc id="20633036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633036" title="Sherlock Pink">
Sherlock Pink

Sherlock Pink is the 90th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther sets camp for the night leaving a serving dish containing a cake for breakfast. During the night, he sleepwalks and eats the cake in his sleep. The next morning he finds the cake missing and thinks a thief pinched it, so he gets out a Sherlock Holmes-styled hat and a magnifying glass and tries to track down the thief, scaring a tree on his way.
A thief dressed in black drives in a car, leaving tire tracks behind. Before entering a house, he reduces his car into a snake. The pink panther follows the trail to the house. The door keeps moving sideways before the panther can turn the handle, so he charges and pushes the door down. The door opens as a trapdoor leading the panther into the cellar. The panther sees the thief and gives chase up a really long flight of stairs. Then the thief and panther go upside down on the stairs. Not long after that, the thief cuts off a segment of the stairs and the panther tries to get the thief climbing a ladder. The thief and panther plunge into a tub of water along with the ladder (the panther gets a duck on his head).
The pink panther finds the thief in bed, but as he lifts the covers its just a pair of legs. The panther chases the legs into a dark room. Every time he turns on a light, the thief splatters a cake in his face. At the end of the darkness, the pink panther finds himself with the thief in a giant fish bowl. When the panther surfaces out into a tub of water, the duck lays an egg on his head. The panther breaks open the egg, releasing the thief. As the panther walks on, a spotlight appears and homes in on him. The spotlight then becomes a balloon trapping the panther. The panther punctures the balloon with a claw, making an explosion of daisies.
The panther wakes up to find himself in his camp and the cake is still there. The panther hides his cake in a trash can and goes back to sleep. The thief however holds the cake, whistles the panther awake and splatters the cake in his face.

</doc>
<doc id="20633062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633062" title="Rocky Pink">
Rocky Pink

Rocky Pink is the 91st cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
The Pink Panther longs for a pet, but has not a dime to his name. A suspect man in a street corner fools him into buying a rock as his pet. The panther adopts the rock anyway, and it immediately takes on a life of its own. When the panther is out walking the rock, they pass a place where rocks and gravel are sold. The rock goes wild and eats the entire supply, growing into a huge boulder. The panther is kicked out of his home by his mother after the boulder has made a large hole in the floor. The persistent boulder rolls into some wet cement, making it so huge the panther gets terrified and runs away from it.
Notability.
"Rocky Pink" is one of three later "Pink Panther" films that would be reissued as a made-for-television entry, reappearing as "Pet Pink Pebbles".
"Rocky Pink" preceded "The Pink Panther Strikes Again" during its original theatrical release.

</doc>
<doc id="20633065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633065" title="Patrick Anderson (politician)">
Patrick Anderson (politician)

Patrick Anderson (born May 9, 1967) is a Republican United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He was elected to the Oklahoma Senate in 2004 and was re-elected in 2008 and 2012 by virtue of having no opponents file against him. He will be forced to leave the Oklahoma Senate in November, 2016 because of Constitutional Term Limits.
Senate Committees.
Senator Anderson serves on Agriculture, Retirement & Insurance, Rules and Tourism and Wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="20633092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633092" title="Wirrn Dawn">
Wirrn Dawn

Wirrn Dawn is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
Plot.
Human colonists in the future face many battles to survive. But few as costly as the threat of the Wirrn.

</doc>
<doc id="20633093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633093" title="Andorra 2000">
Andorra 2000

Andorra 2000 is a supermarket based in the small European country of Andorra. It has one store in Andorra la Vella, on Tarragona Avenue. It sells groceries as well as small electronic goods.

</doc>
<doc id="20633116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633116" title="Anthony Armstrong (writer)">
Anthony Armstrong (writer)

George Anthony Armstrong Willis (1897-1976) was an Anglo-Canadian writer, dramatist and essayist. He was the son of George Hughlings Armstrong Willis, R. N. and Adela Emma Temple Frere; although his parents were both English, he was born in Esquimalt, British Columbia as a consequence of his father's career as a Paymaster Captain in the Royal Navy. They returned to England before his brother's birth in 1900 in Dorset. He was educated at Uppingham School. His brother John Christopher Temple Willis (1900-1969) was Director-General of the Ordnance Survey 1953-1957, and a recognised watercolourist.
He married Frances Monica Sealy, and had three children: John Hughlings Armstrong Willis (1928-1963); Antonia Armstrong Willis (b. 1932); and Felicity Armstrong Willis (b. 1936). Antonia married the art expert and gallery owner Jeremy Maas; their son, Rupert, is also an art expert, notable for his appearances on the Antiques Roadshow.
Several of his works were adapted into films including "The Strange Case of Mr Pelham", which was made into the 1970 film "The Man Who Haunted Himself".

</doc>
<doc id="20633117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633117" title="Hezekiah Allen">
Hezekiah Allen

Hezekiah Allen (February 25, 1863 – September 21, 1916) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Allen played for the Philadelphia Quakers in . In 1 career game, he had two career hits in three career at-bats. It is unknown which hand he batted and threw with.
Allen was born in Westport, Connecticut and died in Saugatuck, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="20633121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633121" title="Randy Stein">
Randy Stein

William "Randy" Randolph Stein (March 7, 1953 - December 12, 2011) was an American baseball player in Major League Baseball. He was a pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers, Seattle Mariners and Chicago Cubs.
Biography.
Stein was born in Pomona, California to Don and Irene Stein, He graduated from Ganesha High School in Ponoma. He was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 1st round (23rd pick) of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft. He played his first game in MLB on April 17, 1978 for the [Milwaukee Brewers. Stein played in parts of four seasons, between and .
Death.
Stein died on December 12, 2011 in Rancho Cucamonga, California after battling Early-onset Alzheimer's disease. 

</doc>
<doc id="20633134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633134" title="Mikes (surname)">
Mikes (surname)

Mikes is a surname. Notable persons with that surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20633142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633142" title="Ryan Jackson (first baseman)">
Ryan Jackson (first baseman)

Ryan Dewitte Jackson (born November 15, 1971) was a former Major League Baseball first baseman and outfielder.
Playing career.
Jackson attended Duke University. Through 2009, he was Duke's all-time season leader in home runs (22), and was second to Nate Freiman in career homers at Duke (42).
He was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 7th round of the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut on March 3, , for the Marlins against the Chicago Cubs. He set career-highs in games played, at-bats, home runs, and RBI that year. On April 9, , he was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Mariners. Released after the 1999 season, he signed with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and spent the entire year with Triple-A Durham. After the season, Jackson signed with the Detroit Tigers with whom he played for the next two seasons.
On November 6, , Jackson signed with the Devil Rays and spent the whole year in the minors. In , he played 16 games for the Atlanta Braves' Triple-A affiliate, the Richmond Braves.
Coaching career.
In , Jackson became the hitting coach for the Single-A Sarasota Reds, and again served as the hitting coach in . He was named the hitting coach for Double-A Carolina for the 2009 and 2010 season. Jackson was named Hitting Coach for the Louisville Bats beginning with the 2011 season, under new manager David Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="20633143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633143" title="SS Principe Umberto">
SS Principe Umberto

SS "Principe Umberto" was an Italian passenger and refrigerated cargo ship built in 1908 for Navigazione Generale Italiana. During World War I, "Principe Umberto" served as an armed merchant cruiser. While transporting troops in the Adriatic in June 1916, the ship was sunk by Austro-Hungarian U-boat with the loss of 1,926 men.
Career.
"Principe Umberto" was built in 1908 by Riuniti in Palermo for Navigazione Generale Italiana, a company that sailed to Mediterranean and Black Sea ports, as well as passenger service to North and South America. She was long (pp) with a beam of . She was powered by two quadruple expansion steam engines that moved her at up to .
"Principe Umberto"s routes and early activities are not known, but during World War I, the ship was employed as an armed merchant cruiser to transport men and materiel in support of Italy. On 8 June 1916, "Principe Umberto" another transport, the "Ravenna", were carrying troops under the escort of the Italian scout cruiser "Libia" and four "Regia Marina" destroyers. The Austro-Hungarian U-boat , under the command of Friedrich Schlosser, launched a torpedo attack that successfully hit the Italian ship. "Principe Umberto" went down quickly with the loss 1,926 men (1750 according to other sources).

</doc>
<doc id="20633175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633175" title="The Scapegoat (audio drama)">
The Scapegoat (audio drama)

The Scapegoat is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions. 
Plot.
The TARDIS is forced down into occupied Paris and Lucie becomes part of the macabre 'Theatre des Baroque'.
Critical reception.
"Doctor Who Magazine" reviewer Matt Michael noted that the story was an "oddball", and failed to hang together properly.
Broadcast.
The Scapegoat was broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 7 on 13 May 2010 and 20 June 2010 as two half hour episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20633206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633206" title="2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B">
2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B

In 2009, the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, the second level of the Brazilian League, was contested by 20 clubs from May 8 to November 29, 2009. Top four teams in the table would eventually qualify to the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A to be contested in 2010, meanwhile the bottom four would be relegated to Série C next season.
Three former Brazilian champions played in this edition. Vasco da Gama was relegated for the first time in history, meanwhile Bahia and Guarani came back from Série C in 2007 and 2008, respectively. Also playing for the first time was Duque de Caxias, which was promoted along with Atlético Goianiense and Campinense. After spending a single season in Série A, Ipatinga and Portuguesa had returned to Série B along with Figueirense, which was playing top-level since 2002.
In the beginning of the tournament, Vasco was figuring in the middle of the table with 4 draws in 6 matches. Meanwhile, recently promoted Guarani had a promising start. However, another team which came from Séric C, Atlético Goianiense, managed to reach the top of the table. But when 4-time Brazilian champions woke up, no other team could stop them. Vasco took the lead in the end of the first half of the championship and never let it go. On round 34, after defeating Juventude 2−1 in a packed Maracanã Stadium, Vasco clinched their promotion. Two rounds later, in a crowded Maracanã Stadium again, the club from Rio de Janeiro reached the title after a 2−1 win against América de Natal. On round 37, Guarani and Atlético Goianiense also reached Série A along with Ceará, which did not start well but managed comeback and reach the top-four group.
In the other side of the table, teams from Northeastern Brazil struggled to avoid relegation. Campinense stayed in the bottom four group during all the championship and their relegation was confirmed on round 37. In the very same day, ABC and Fortaleza also booked their trip to Série C, meanwhile 1988 Brazilian champions Bahia avoided relegation after flerting with it in the last rounds. The last matchday decided who was the last relegated team. Brasiliense, Ipatinga and América de Natal good results sent Juventude to the third level of Brazilian football after spending 15 years in Séries A and B.
Format.
For the fourth consecutive season, the tournament was played in a double round-robin system. The team with most number of points has been declared champions. Top four clubs ascended to Série A, meanwhile the bottom four were relegated to Série C.

</doc>
<doc id="20633208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633208" title="John Warwick (Nova Scotia politician)">
John Warwick (Nova Scotia politician)

John Warwick (1746–1828) was an English-born farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the town of Digby from 1806 to 1818 and Annapolis County from 1818 to 1820 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Yorkshire and came to New England in 1774. Warwick took up arms in the loyalist cause and came to Digby, Nova Scotia at the end of the American Revolution. In 1800, he was named deputy postmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20633211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633211" title="Stuffed and Starved">
Stuffed and Starved

Stuffed and Starved: The Hidden Battle for the World Food System is a non-fiction book written by Raj Patel. It was published in 2008 by Melville House Publishing. "Stuffed and Starved" looks at the inequities of the world food system from the beginning to the end of the conventional food chain, from producers to manufacturers and distributors to consumers.
According to Naomi Klein, "Stuffed & Starved" is "One of the most dazzling books I have read in a very long time. The product of a brilliant mind, and a gift to a world hungering for justice."

</doc>
<doc id="20633224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633224" title="The Cannibalists">
The Cannibalists

The Cannibalists is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions. 
Plot.
The Doctor and Lucie find themselves in a place called the Haven, which seems to be populated entirely by robots.
External Links.
http://www.bigfinish.com/36-Doctor-Who-The-Cannibalists

</doc>
<doc id="20633228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633228" title="The Strange Case of Mr Pelham">
The Strange Case of Mr Pelham

The Strange Case of Mr. Pelham is a 1957 novel by Anglo-Canadian writer Anthony Armstrong about a man involved in a serious car accident. The man recovers only to find himself being stalked by a seemingly identical version of himself. It was made into an episode of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" which originally aired December 4, 1955. It was also made into the theatrical film "The Man Who Haunted Himself" in 1970 starring Roger Moore.
Anthony Boucher praised the novel as "a lightly amusing tale of suspense and terror and, read as fantasy, an attractive book"; Boucher, however, also quoted another reviewer who found that, reading the novel as a genre mystery, it was "an extraordinarily irritating piece of cleverness."

</doc>
<doc id="20633234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633234" title="Joshua Abrams">
Joshua Abrams

Joshua Abrams (born January 18, 1986 in North Carolina) is a Canadian football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Ohio. After spending the 2008 season on the practice squad, he was signed to a future contract at the end of the year.
On February 2, 2010, Abrams signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was released by the Argonauts on June 28, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20633239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633239" title="Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special">
Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special

"Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special" is the third Jeff Dunham special. It was taped at Pabst Theater in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and premiered on Comedy Central on November 16, 2008. It was released on DVD November 18, 2008.
Dunham also released his first music album, "Don't Come Home for Christmas", on November 4, 2008. It contains original Christmas songs as well as a parody of "Jingle Bells" (sung by Achmed the Dead Terrorist) entitled "Jingle Bombs". All of the songs (except "Jingle Bombs") were written and accompanied by Brian Haner, who joined Dunham's act as "Guitar Guy". Bubba J made his return in this special, singing "Roadkill Christmas".
DVD release.
The special was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
Album.
Jeff Dunham released his first album entitled, "Don't Come Home for Christmas". The album had the same theme as the special and was released around the same time. "Jingle Bombs" and "Roadkill Christmas" were the only songs in the album that were featured in the special. Sweet Daddy D (from ) also appears on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20633258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633258" title="Birds of a Feather (Killing Joke song)">
Birds of a Feather (Killing Joke song)

"Birds of a Feather" is a single by Killing Joke, from their third E.P. of the same name. It was released in October, 1982, as a 7" single under E'G Records and Polydor, in The Netherlands. The B-Side featured another track from the E.P. entitled "Flock the B-Side". The single reached number sixty-four in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20633260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633260" title="WUSY">
WUSY

WUSY (100.7 FM) "U.S. 101" is a commercial radio station licensed to Cleveland, Tennessee, USA, and broadcasting to the Chattanooga, Tennessee area. The station airs a country music format.
History.
WUSY signed on the air in 1983, replacing short lived automated rock station WQLS. Among the many personalites the station has had some of the most notable include, David Earl Hughes, Chip Champman, Jim Copeland, Gene Lovin, Capt. Bobby Bird, Kim Carson, Al McClure, Gene Michales, and "Big" John Anthony. The original studio was located at the top of the Osborne building in the Eastgate area off of Brainerd road. It moved to its current location on Old Lee Highway in the early 2000's. In 1999, Cumulus Broadcasting owned WUSY, WLOV, WLMX-AM, WKXJ, and WLMX-FM. In 2000, Cumulus announced it would buy 11 radio stations in 4 markets from Clear Channel Communications in exchange for 25 radio stations in 5 markets plus cash. WUSY, WLOV, WIIS-AM, WKXJ and WLMX-FM were included in this transaction.
Other Clear Channel stations were WLOV (urban contemporary by this time), sports talk WUUS, CHR WKXJ, active rock WRXR (the former WLMX-FM) and oldies WSGC.
WUSY has consistently scored at the top of the Arbitron ratings since 1991.
In 2006 and 2008, WUSY was Academy of Country Music Station of the Year (medium markets) and in 2009 and 2011 (small markets).
Between 1994 and 2009, WUSY has been given the CMA Radio Station of the Year award 10 times (1995–2001, 2003, 2005, 2012) and nominated 13 times, after WUSY's long winning streak of 7 years, the CMA decided it was time for some changes and they are:
"CMA Broadcast Award winners cannot win the same award in consecutive years. Winners from the previous year are ineligible unless competing in a different category" 
After this, WUSY got 3 more CMA awards in 2003, 2005 and 2012.
From 1983 till late 2009 the station used the slogan "Hot Country Favorites", they changed to their current slogan October 2009.
On-air personalities.
The current disc jockeys for WUSY include Bearman & Ken on mornings, Madison on mid-days, Dex and Mo on afternoons, Gator and StyckMan on nights, and "After Midnite with Blair Garner" overnight. Weekend programming includes "The Crook and Chase countdown show", a Sunday morning gospel program called "The Gospel Road", Kristian Gates, and Angie Ward.
HD channels.
WUSY is currently available in HD Radio. These channels are:

</doc>
<doc id="20633261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633261" title="Hindu Marriage Act">
Hindu Marriage Act

The Hindu Marriage Act is a law enacted by the Indian Parliament in 1955 as part of the Hindu Code Bills. Three other important acts were also enacted during this time: the Hindu Succession Act (1956), the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act (1956), and the 
Purpose.
As part of the Hindu Code Bill, the Hindu Marriage Act was enacted in 1955 by the Indian Parliament. It is an Act to amend and codify the marriage law among Hindus. Its purpose was to regulate personal life among Hindus, especially the institution of marriage, its validity, conditions for invalidity and applicability.
Applicability.
The Act was viewed as conservative because it applied to any person who is Hindu by religion in any of its forms, yet clumps other religions together into the act (Jains, Buddhists, or Sikhs) as specified in Article 44 of the Indian Constitution. This Act also applies to any person who is a permanent resident in the jurisdiction where this Act applies who is not Muslim, Jew, Christian, or Parsi by religion. However, with the passage of Anand Karj marriage act, Sikhs now also have their own personal law related to marriage.
Hindu view of marriage.
According to the tenets of Hinduism, marriage is a sacred relationship, a sacrament, and a divine covenant meant for procreation and continuation of family lineage. It is a vow between two people to stay together and uphold traditional family values in accordance with the Dharma. In the traditional Hindu system of marriage, there is no role for the state as marriage remained a private affair within the social realm. Within this traditional framework reference, marriage is undoubtedly the most important transitional point in a Hindu’s life and the most important of all the Hindu ‘’sanskaras’’ (life-cycle rituals).
Therefore there was fierce religious opposition to enacting such laws for marriage, succession and adoption. The greatest opposition was to the provision of equal inheritance by sons and daughters (male and female heirs) whereas until then only the sons inherited property. These Acts were put forth under the leadership of Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, who strongly believed in enactment of modern laws for Hindus.
Some have argued that Hindu marriage cannot be subjected to legislative intervention. Derrett predicted in his later writings that despite some evidence of modernization, the dominant view in Hindu society for the foreseeable future would remain that marriage is a form of social obligation.
Conditions.
The conditions Marriage can be solemnized between two Hindus if neither party has a living spouse at the time of marriage; The conditions also stipulate that at the time of the marriage, neither party is incapable of giving valid consent or suffering from a mental illness that inhibits their fitness for marriage or procreation of children or suffering from recurrent episodes of insanity or epilepsy. In the original Act, the age of valid marriage was fixed at 18 for the boys and 15 for the girls, however this age requirement was later raised to 21 and 18 respectively for the boys and the girls through the Child Marriage Restraint (Amendment) Act 1978. Finally, the Act specifically disallows marriages between prohibited degrees of relationships.
Guardianship.
Section 6 of the Hindu Marriage Act specifies the guardianship for marriage. Wherever the consent of a guardian in marriage is necessary for a bride under this Act, the persons entitled to give such consent are the following: the father; the mother; the paternal grandfather; the paternal grandmother; the brother by full blood; the brother by half blood; etc. The Guardianship For Marriage was repealed in 1978 after the Child Marriage Restraint Amendment was passed. This was an amendment that increased the minimum age requirement for marriage in order to prevent child marriages.
Ceremonies.
Section 7 of the Hindu Marriage Act recognizes the ceremonies and customs of marriage. Hindu marriage may be solemnized in accordance with the customary rites and ceremonies of either party. Such rites and rituals include the Saptapadi—the taking of seven steps by the bridegroom and the bride jointly before the sacred fire. The marriage becomes complete and binding when the seventh step is taken.
Registration.
As stated in Section 8 of the Act, the state government may make rules for the registration of Hindu marriages that the parties to any of such marriages may have particulars relating to their marriages entered in such a manner and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed in the Hindu Marriage Register. This registration is for the purpose of facilitating the proof of Hindu marriages. All rules made in this section may be laid before the state legislature. The Hindu Marriage Register should be open for inspection at all reasonable times and should be admissible as evidence of the statements contained therein.
Nullity of Marriage and Divorce.
Any marriage can be voidable and may be annulled on the following grounds: the marriage has not been consummated due to impotency, contravention of the valid consent mental illness condition specified in Section 5, or that the respondent at the time of the marriage was pregnant by someone other than the petitioner. Divorce can be sought by husband or wife on certain grounds, including: continuous period of desertion for two or more years, conversion to a religion other than Hindu, mental abnormality, venereal disease, and leprosy. A wife can also present a petition for the dissolution of marriage on the ground of if the husband marries again after the commencement of his first marriage or if the husband has been guilty of rape, sodomy, or bestiality. Newly married couples cannot file a petition for divorce within one year of marriage.
Supreme Court ruling in 2012.
The Supreme Court of India exercised its powers under Article 142 of the Constitution of India and ruled in August 2012 that marriages can be ended by mutual consent before expiry of the cooling period of six months stipulated in the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955. Section 13-B of the Hindu Marriage Act provides for the couple seeking divorce through mutual consent to wait for a period of six months after making first joint application for divorce. It is only after the expiry of the six months that the couple can move second application for the dissolution of their marriage.
Pronouncing the judgment, Justice Altamas Kabir said: "It is no doubt true that the legislature had in its wisdom stipulated a cooling period of six months from the date of filing of a petition for mutual divorce till such divorce is actually granted, with the intention that it would save the institution of marriage. But there may be occasions when in order to do complete justice to the parties it becomes necessary for this court to invoke its powers under Article 142 in an irreconcilable situation (between the couple). When it has not been possible for the parties to live together and to discharge their marital obligations towards each other for more than one year, we see no reason to continue the agony of the parties for another two months."
Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010.
Based on recommendations of the Law Commission, a legislation was proposed. The Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010 to amend the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955 and the Special Marriage Act, 1954 to making divorce easier on ground of irretrievable breakdown of marriage was introduced in the parliament in 2012. The Bill replaces the words "not earlier than six months" in Section 13-B with the words "Upon receipt of a petition."
It also provides a better safeguard to wife by inserting section 13D by which the wife may oppose the grant of a decree on the ground that the dissolution of the marriage will result in grave
financial hardship to her and that it would in all the circumstances be wrong to dissolve the marriage.
New section 13E provides restriction on decree for divorce affecting children born out of wedlock and states that a court shall not pass a decree of divorce under section 13C unless the court is satisfied that adequate provision for the maintenance of children born out of the marriage has been made consistently with the financial capacity of the parties to the marriage.
Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010 makes similar amendments to the Special Marriage Act, 1954 
by replaces the words "not earlier than six months" in Section 28 with the words "Upon receipt of a petition." and provides restriction on decree for divorce affecting children born out of wedlock.
However, there was strong opposition to this bill due to the objection that it will create hardships for women and that the bill strongly supports one party while both parties should be treated equal in divorce. Therefore the bill was amended to provide for wife's consent for waiver of six-month notice with the words "Upon receipt of petitions by the husband and the wife."
The Bill had not been passed by the parliament until April 2013.a

</doc>
<doc id="20633294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633294" title="The Eight Truths">
The Eight Truths

The Eight Truths is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
This is the first of a two-part story, the second part being "Worldwide Web".
Plot.
In 2015, a doomsday cult prophesies the coming of a rebel sun.

</doc>
<doc id="20633302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633302" title="Biochimica et Biophysica Acta">
Biochimica et Biophysica Acta

Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (BBA) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of biochemistry and biophysics that was established in 1947. The journal is published by Elsevier with a total of 100 annual issues in nine specialised sections.
History.
Early years.
"Biochimica et Biophysica Acta" was first published in 1947 and was the first international journal to be devoted to the joint fields of biochemistry and biophysics. Published by Elsevier in cooperation with Interscience, it was the first international journal to be launched by Elsevier. The journal first made a profit in 1951.
Early papers were published in English, French, and German, with summaries in all three languages. The majority of papers in the first volume originated in northern and western Europe, with a minority from the USA and elsewhere; contributors included William Astbury, Jean Brachet, Hubert Chantrenne, Pierre Desnuelle, Claude Fromageot, Heinz Holter, Raymond Jeener, Felix Haurowitz, Edgar Lederer, Kaj Linderstrøm-Lang, Roger Vendrely, Jean-Marie Wiame, and Ralph W.G. Wyckoff.
Important papers from these early years include "Studies on the structure of ribonucleic acids" by Boris Magasanik and Erwin Chargaff (1951), part of the evidence on which of the structure of DNA was based, and "Enzymic synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid" by Arthur Kornberg and colleagues (1956), an early report on the isolation of DNA polymerase I.
Diversification.
"Biochimica et Biophysica Acta" was published as a single title until 1962, when additional sections began to be published alongside the main journal: first "Specialized Section on Nucleic Acids and Related Subjects" and then, from 1963, "Specialized Section on Enzymological Subjects" and "Specialized Section on Lipids and Related Subjects".
In 1964, the main journal became "Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (BBA) – General Subjects", and was published alongside the three established sections plus "Specialized Section on Biophysical Subjects" and "Specialized Section on Mucoproteins and Mucopolysaccharides". In 1965, the specialist sections were renamed, becoming "Biophysics including Photosynthesis", "Nucleic Acids and Protein Synthesis", "Enzymology and Biological Oxidation", "Lipids and Lipid Metabolism" and "Mucoproteins and Mucopolysaccharides" (ceased in 1965). In 1967, "Biophysics including Photosynthesis" split into "Bioenergetics" and "Biomembranes", and "Enzymology and Biological Oxidation" split into "Enzymology" and "Protein Structure"; the latter pair rejoined in 1982 to become "Protein Structure and Molecular Enzymology". Further sections were "Molecular Cell Research", launched in 1982, and "Molecular Basis of Disease", launched in 1990.
In addition to the specialised research sections, three review sections were launched in the early 1970s: "Reviews on Biomembranes" (1972–2000), "Reviews on Bioenergetics" (1973–87) and "Reviews on Cancer" (from 1974). The former two were later incorporated into the respective research sections.
Further name changes are given in the table in the following section.
Modern journal.
As of 2008, "Biochimica et Biophysica Acta" encompasses nine specialised sections with a total of 100 annual issues in ten volumes. Over 16,000 pages were published in 2011. The journal sections are published separately, with one annual volume per section (two for "Reviews on Cancer"), but form part of the volume numbering for "Biochimica et Biophysica Acta". Sections are available individually or as part of a combined subscription. All papers are in English. The overall editor-in-chief is Ulrich Brandt (Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany).
The sections published in 2012 were as follows:
Indexing and online journal.
"BBA" is abstracted and indexed by BIOSIS, Chemical Abstracts Service, Current Contents/Life Sciences, EMBASE, EMBiology, Index Chemicus, MEDLINE/Index Medicus, Science Citation Index, and Sociedad Iberoamericana de Informacion Cientifica.
Articles are available online as PDFs and HTML; access is largely limited to subscribers, with a small number of sponsored open-access articles.

</doc>
<doc id="20633304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633304" title="Sostratos of Aegina">
Sostratos of Aegina

Sostratos of Aegina () is reported to be a famous merchant in the sixth century BC Hellenic world. He is said, by Herodotus, to be the most successful trader of all time. A stone anchor dedicated to Apollo at Gravisca (the port of the Etruscan city of Tarquinii) is thought to have been dedicated by Sostratos and can now be seen at the museum there. Clay storage jars are found throughout Etruscan archaeological sites of the period marked with the Aeginetan letters "SO", may have stood for Sostratos, and are often presumed to be the packaging in which his goods were delivered. Not all sources, however, accept that the marks on these jars refer to Sostratos.

</doc>
<doc id="20633307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633307" title="Isley cum Langley">
Isley cum Langley

Isley cum Langley is a civil parish in the North West Leicestershire district of Leicestershire, England. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20633308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633308" title="Silvermoon Drive-in">
Silvermoon Drive-in

The Silvermoon drive-in is a drive-in theatre in Lakeland, Florida. Established in 1948, it is the last remaining drive-in of Polk County, Florida.
History.
The Silvermoon was founded on April 14, 1948. Admission was only 35 cents per person. The opening attraction was "Up Goes Maisie", starring Ann Sothern and George Murphy. The Theatre was owned and operated by I. Q. Mise and M. G. Waring. 
On May 23, 1950 the screen was damaged in a tornado, but the theatre was reopened on July 1, 1950. In 1952 I. Q. Mise and M. G. Waring sold the theatre to Carl Floyd owner of Floyd Theaters, a successful chain of theatres across Florida. 
Floyd Enterprises was acquired by Burnup & Sims in the late 1970s, but they retained Mr. Spears, who Carl Floyd had appointed the president of Floyd Theatres. In 1985 another screen was added. 
In the 1990s Burnup & Sims merged with Mastec. When in 1996 Mastec told Mr. Spears to close the remaining drive-in theatres, he formed Sun South Theatres and bought the Silvermoon Drive-in and one other drive-in theaters. The other theater, the 28th Street Drive-In in St. Pete was closed down in 2000. The cinema celebrated its 50th anniversary with a gala in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20633315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633315" title="Western Military Command">
Western Military Command

The Western Military Command is one of seven Military Commands of the Brazilian Army. The Western Military Command or ""Comando Militar do Oeste"" (CMO) is responsible for the defence of the states Mato Grosso and Mato Grosso do Sul.

</doc>
<doc id="20633343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633343" title="Lilburne">
Lilburne

Lilburne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20633347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633347" title="Worldwide Web (audio drama)">
Worldwide Web (audio drama)

Worldwide Web is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
This is the last of a two-part story, the first part being "The Eight Truths".
Plot.
In 2015, a doomsday cult prophesies the coming of a rebel sun.

</doc>
<doc id="20633358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633358" title="Steven Korte">
Steven Korte

Steven Korte (born March 10, 1986 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American football fullback for the Florida Tuskers of the United Football League. He was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Louisiana State.
Korte has also been a member of the Florida Tuskers.
He is the son of former NFL offensive lineman Steve Korte.
Professional career.
Florida Tuskers.
On August 17, 2009, Korte was signed by the Florida Tuskers of the United Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="20633365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633365" title="Johner">
Johner

Johner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20633370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633370" title="Connected health">
Connected health

Connected health is a model for healthcare delivery that uses technology to provide healthcare remotely. Connected health aims to maximize healthcare resources and provide increased, flexible opportunities for consumers to engage with clinicians and better self-manage their care. It uses technology – often leveraging readily available consumer technologies – to deliver patient care outside of the hospital or doctor's office. Connected health encompasses programs in telehealth, remote care (such as home care) and disease and lifestyle management, often leverages existing technologies such as connected devices using existing cellular networks and is associated with efforts to improve chronic care.
The United States and European Union are two dominant markets for the use of connected health in home care service, in part due to the high availability of telephone and Internet service as compared to other parts of the world. Within the United States, over 260 million people have a land line connected, over 190 million are cell phone users, and approximately 200 million are Internet users. The European Union has roughly an equivalent number of people connected to land lines, but prevails over the U.S. with more than 300 million cell phone users and 230 million Internet users. More recent data collected by Pew Internet: Americans and their Gadgets suggest that 86% of US residents own a mobile phone and this number is as high as 96% among Americans aged 18 to 29 years. According to the International Communications Union, it is predicted that there will be 4 billion mobile phone users worldwide by the end of 2008. 
The vision of the connected health model can be implicitly understood by contemplating the significant impact of technology on other industries, such as in banking, shopping, logistics and personal communications. Proponents of connected health believe that technology can transform healthcare delivery and address many inefficiencies especially in the area of work flow management, chronic disease management and patient compliance of the US and global healthcare systems.
History.
Connected health has its roots in telemedicine, and its more recent relative, telehealth. The first telemedicine programs were primarily undertaken to address healthcare access and/or provider shortages. Connected health is distinguished from telemedicine by:
One of the first telemedicine clinics was founded by Dr. Kenneth Bird at Massachusetts General Hospital in 1967. The clinic addressed the fundamental problems of delivering occupational and emergency health services to employees and travellers at Boston's Logan International Airport, located three congested miles from the hospital. Over 1,000 patients are documented as having received remote treatment from doctors at MGH using the clinic's two-way audiovisual microwave circuit. The timing of Dr. Bird's clinic more or less coincided with NASA's foray into telemedicine through the use of physiologic monitors for astronauts. Other pioneering programs in telemedicine were designed to deliver healthcare services to people in rural settings.
In operation.
Two "core platforms" are emphasized in connected health, self-care and remote care, with programs primarily focused on monitoring and feedback for the chronically ill, elderly, and those patients located at an untenable distance from primary or specialty providers. Programs designed to improve patient-provider communication within an individual medical practice (for example, the use of email to communicate with patients between office visits) also fall within the purview of connected health. There are also lifestyle coaching programs, in which an individual receives healthcare information to facilitate behavior change to improve their fitness and/or general well being, (see wellness) or to reduce or eliminate the impact of a particular behavior that presents a risk to their health status. Some of the most common types of connected health programs in operation today include:
The Center for Connected Health is implementing a range of programs in high-risk, chronic and remotely located populations.
Inherent in the concept of connected health is flexibility in terms of technological approaches to care delivery and specific program objectives. For instance, remote monitoring programs might use a combination of cell phone and smart phone technology, online communications or biosensors and may aim to increase patient-provider communication, involve patients in their care through regular feedback, or improve upon a health outcome measure in a defined patient population or individual. Digital pen technology, global positioning, videoconferencing and environmental sensors are all playing a role in connected health today.
Goals.
Connected health is viewed by its proponents as a critical component of change in human healthcare. They envision:
Evolution.
Healthcare is consistently cited in political polls and in surveys as a chief concern for consumers, administrators, employers and clinicians alike.
The formal establishment of quality improvement organizations in 2002 and rise of independent organizations such as The National Committee for Quality Assurance, The Leapfrog Group and Bridges to Excellence - all of which are dedicated to promoting and monitoring healthcare quality - illustrate intense concern over inefficiency, safety, and customer service in healthcare.
In addition, skyrocketing costs, increases in chronic diseases, geographic dispersion of families, growing provider shortages, troubling ethnic disparities in care, better survival rates among patients fighting serious diseases, an aging U.S. population and longer lifespan are all factors pointing to a need for better ways of delivering healthcare.
Consumer demand for better service and quality in healthcare is the latest source of pressure to improve the healthcare system. Experts speculate that, having acclimated to greater speed, efficiency and cost transparency - as well as vastly improved access to information about products and services - in other industries, consumers are calling for the same responsiveness from the healthcare system. Direct-to-consumer advertising is a demonstrated contributor to the rise in consumer demand, as is the mass availability of inexpensive technology and ubiquity of the Internet, cell phones and PDAs. Connected health experts such as Joseph C. Kvedar, M.D., believe that consumer engagement in healthcare is on its way to becoming a major force for change.
In summary, connected health has arisen from: 1) a desire on the part of individual physicians and healthcare organizations to provide better access, quality and efficiency of care 2) dynamics of the healthcare economy (such as rising costs and changing demographics) 3) consumerism in health care and a drive towards patient centric healthcare. Together, these factors are providing impetus for connected healthcare in the United States and many other industrialised nations and forcing innovation both from within and outside the system.
Evidence.
While connected health is yet emerging, there is evidence of its benefit. For example, in a program being implemented by the Center for Connected Health and Partners Home Care, over 500 heart failure patients have now been monitored remotely through the collection of vital signs, including heart rate, blood pressure and weight, using simple devices in the patient's home. The information is sent daily to a home health nurse, who can identify early warning signs, notify the patient's primary care physician, and intervene to avert potential health crises. A pilot of this program demonstrated reduced hospitalizations. Another initiative at the Center for Connected Health uses cellular telephone technology and a "smart" pill bottle to detect when a patient has not taken their scheduled medication. A signal is then sent that lights up an ambient orb device in the patient's home to remind them to take their medication.
Funding and implementation.
Today, it appears that connected health programs are operated and funded primarily by home care agencies and large healthcare systems. However, insurers and employers, who bear enormous cost to insure their employees, are increasingly interested in connected health for its potential to reduce direct and indirect healthcare costs. For example, EMC Corporation recently launched the first employer-sponsored connected health program, currently in the beta phase of implementation, which is aimed at improving outcomes and cost of care for patients with high blood pressure.
US government.
Government agencies involved in connected health include:
Personal health records.
Personal health records, or PHRS, (see personal health record) – are essentially medical records controlled and maintained by the healthcare consumer. PHRs intersect with connected health in that they attempt to increase the involvement of healthcare consumers in their care. By contrast, electronic medical records (EMRs) (see electronic medical record) are digital medical records or medical records systems maintained by hospitals or medical practices and are not part of connected health delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="20633371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633371" title="Pseudochromis flavivertex">
Pseudochromis flavivertex

Pseudochromis flavivertex is a Pseudochromis from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.2 -7.5 cm in length as male, and 6.5 cm as a female. It eats various benthic worms and crustaceans.

</doc>
<doc id="20633399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633399" title="Precision Camera and Video Repair">
Precision Camera and Video Repair

Precision Camera & Video Repair, Inc. (also referred to as PCVR or Precision Camera) is the world's largest camera and camcorder repair facility. The company has its headquarters in Enfield, Connecticut and operations in El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Mexico. PCVR offers services for digital and film cameras and camcorders, digital SLR cameras, film based SLR cameras, ED and L series lenses, and on-camera electronic flash units.
Founded in 1948, PCVR provides repair services for a "wide variety of customers ranging from national retailers to individual consumers." Precision Camera Repair is a camera repair service provider for leading consumer electronics retailers, such as Best Buy, and third party extended warranty companies. Precision Camera also provides repair services for individual customers worldwide by web order through the company's website. PCVR is an authorized repair facility for the industry's leading manufacturers, including Sony, Kodak, Fujifilm, Nikon, Pentax, and Canon, among others. Precision Camera is UPS's largest inbound customer.
Company profile.
Precision Camera and Video Repair employs approximately 550 people in their repair and customer service facilities. 
Precision Camera and Video Repair, Inc. is a private equity company. It has been a member of the business services porfolio of CIVC Partners since 2005. PCVR is a D&B listed small business.
Community involvement.
Precision Camera is also known for its community involvement initiatives. Partnering with Best Buy, Precision Camera has been an active supporter of the Blackwoods Blizzard Tour to raise money and awareness for ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease. PCVR also annually sponsors a breast cancer awareness event with Estee Lauder and Nikon. Locally, Precision Camera is a sponsor of the local battered women’s shelter, Network Against Domestic Abuse, and supports employees who volunteer for the Russian Evan Baptist Church in Westfield, Massachusetts, supporting children in former Soviet Bloc countries who were orphaned following the Berlin Wall collapse and the Soviet Union’s demise. Precision Camera also partners with the local Enfield school district to create an event called the Reality Store and a daily bottle and can collection program to fund student activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20633430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633430" title="Microsporum audouinii">
Microsporum audouinii

Microsporum audouinii is an anthropophilic fungus in the genus "Microsporum".
It is a type of dermatophyte that colonizes keratinized tissues (primarily hair) causing infection. The fungus is characterized by its spindle shaped macroconidia (7-30 × 35-160 µm), clavate microconidia (2.5-3.5 × 4-7 µm) as well as its pitted or spiny external walls.
Growth conditions.
This fungus is often found in soil that is rich in keratinous material. However, there are other factors that can influence its growth, such as pH, relative humidity, organic carbon, nitrogen and temperature. "Microsporum audouinii" appears to prefer a neutral pH in the range of 6.8-7.0 and room temperature for growth. Drastic increases or decreases in temperature can inhibit its growth. "Microsporum audouinii" is effective in utilizing its carbon sources, but growth is strongest in the hexoses (glucose, mannose and fructose) and weakest in maltose,sucrose, lactose and galactose. It is unable to synthesize the vitamins thiamine, niacin and riboflavin and requires an exogenous supply of these materials to support its growth. The fungus is only able to utilize organic nitrogen sources, particularly nitrogen from arginine and urea.
Epidemiology.
"Microsporum audouinii" causes the infections Tinea capitis (scalp ringworm) and Tinea corporis. These superficial dermal diseases are generally found in prepubescent children (starting at 6 months) and rarely affect adults. There are a few reasons why children are more susceptible to to "M. audouinii". Differences in the chemical composition and quantity of the triglycerides in hair sebum secreted are the primary reasons. In instances whereby the triglyceride content in the sebum decreases so does the susceptibility of a person to the fungus. Cases like those are seen in postmenopausal women of whom suffer hormonal changes which can contribute to triglyceride reduction. In addition, increased sweat production as well as the presence of "Pityrosporum ovale" decreases the ability for "M. audouinii" to thrive. "Pityrosporum ovale" is an opportunistic lipophilic yeast that is a part of the human cutaneous flora in adults. In most cases of adult onset Tinea capitis due to "M. audouinii", there is at least one predisposing factor such as immunocompromise (e.g., diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus, organ transplant and HIV), a local animal reservoir (e.g., infected pet or farm animal) and hormonal changes in postmenopausal women.
Generally, Tinea capitis is primarily seen in areas where there is high immigration. Especially in tropical, rural and suburban regions. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, "M. audouinii" was the primary fungus responsible for Tinea capitis throughout the US and Western Europe. With the advent of antimycotic agents, its prevalence has decreased. But in the poorer parts of Africa, especially Central and West Africa, "M. audouinii" remains the primary dermatophyte responsible for this disease. A recent increase in the "M. audouinii"-related Tinea capitis in Europe is thought to be related to migration of infected individuals from Africa.
Pathology.
Tinea capitis develops when an inoculum from another individual or animal comes into a 'compromised scalp.' A compromised scalp can occurs when the stratum corneum of the scalp is exposed. This can be due to trauma of the scalp, tight hair braiding or hair styling with infected tools. In general, fungal spread is facilitated by poverty, poor hygiene and overcrowding.
Once the fungus has entered the stratum corneum is continues to invade the epidermis, it then enters a hair follicle, penetrates the hair shaft and grows down the length of the hair. The hyphae grow distally until they reach the upper limits of the zone of keratinization where the nucleated hair shaft cornifies completely and is converted into hard, anucleated keratin. The terminal end of the growing hyphae forms a ring (Adamson's Fringe). As the hair continues to grow outwards, hyphae are brought to the surface (scalp) and arthroconidia are produced. Eventually due to mechanical forces (the movement of the fungi) and keratinase (a chymotrypsin-like enzyme with optimal activity at an acidic pH), all but 1–2 mm of the diseased hair follicle weakens and falls off. The remaining hair has a characteristic dark grey appearance due to the Adamson's Fringe.
Diagnostic tests.
There is an array of different tests to differentiate between fungi. Direct microscopy with 10% KOH would show small to medium conidia with ectothrix hair invasion. Performing a wet mount would show 'racquet shaped hyphae' with few macro and microconidia. Histological examination of a diseased hair shows clefts that between the inner root sheath and hair.
"Microsporum audouinii" fluoresces when examined in ultraviolet light (Wood's lamp). The two main growth media employed to test for "M. audouinii" are Sabouraud's Dextrose agar and potato dextrose agar. On the former, growth is slow with and poor sporulation with most strains producing a few abortive macroconidia and sparse microconidia. The colonies are flat, dense and cottony in texture with a greyish-white to reddish brown hue. On Potato Dextrose agar, colonies are white with a silky texture and a peach-coloured underside.
"Microsporum audouinii" can be differentiated from non-sporulating strains of the similar "M. canis" by culture on autoclaved rice. Under these conditions, "M. canis" typically yields abundant growth and little to no pigmentation whereas "M. audouinii" produces no visible growth and abundant brown pigment on the rice grains. PCR fingerprinting is a fairly new diagnostic tool for the rapid identification of these fungi.
Treatment.
A symptomatic patient will present an unusual amount of itching and alopecia. Primary treatment involves griseofulvin, an antimycotic agent. For patients who don't respond to Griseofulvin, other drugs, Itraconazole, fluconazole, and terbinafine can be used as a replacement to or in conjunction with griseofulvin. These drugs are preferred over griseofulvin as they have a shorter duration for treatment. However, these agents have drug-drug interactions and over a prolonged period of time can cause liver damage. Currently, squalamine, an aminosterol with fungicidal properties is being researched as its mechanism of action is different from that of the aforementioned medicines, making it a good drug for those who don't respond well to Itraconazole, fluconazole or terbinafine. Systemic treatment with oral medication and anti-fungal shampoos has also been effective. Antifungal shampoos (Ketoconazole 2% shampoo or selenium sulfide 2.5% ) are effective as they reduce the transmission of the diseased hair by preventing its shedding. Other treatments include, epilation of the infected follicles, topical ointments and steroidal treatments. Topical ointments immobilize the fungus and reduce shedding but they do not penetrate the hair follicle and hence must be used in conjunction with other treatment methods. Steroidal treatments aid in inflammation and pain reduction.
Griseofulvin inhibits fungal cell mitosis via disruption of the mitotic spindle structure and preventing cell division at the metaphase stage. In addition, it inhibits nucleic acid synthesis. Both Itraconazole and Fluconazole inhibits the synthesis of ergosterol which is an important component of fungal cell membranes. Consequently, Fluconazole use leads to changes in the permeability and function of the cell membrane. Squalene epoxidase contributes to the formation of ergosterol Terbinafine, inhibits squalene epoxidase thereby preventing cell membrane formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20633452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633452" title="Huish Episcopi Academy">
Huish Episcopi Academy

Huish Episcopi Academy is a mixed secondary school with academy status (since 2010), for ages 11 to 18 located in Huish Episcopi near Langport, Somerset, England. The Principal is Andrew Davis. The school has a specialist status as a Science College and Language College. , it has 1,469 students. A range of subjects are offered, including Design Technology in Food, Textiles, and Resistant Materials, Modern Foreign Languages, and Information Technology.
Ofsted inspections.
The Ofsted inspection in March 2007 gave the school, prior to its conversion to an academy, an overall grade of "Outstanding".
In September 2012, the academy was inspected and its rating was reduced to good.
Notable alumni.
Notable former pupils of the school include fashion designer Alice Temperley, who was awarded the MBE in 2011. Temperley supplied the evening dress used by Pippa Middleton at the Wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton. Also of interest, Ian Booth, bassist of soft rock band Floors And Walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20633454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633454" title="Midnight Ramble (album)">
Midnight Ramble (album)

Midnight Ramble is a soul-jazz album by saxophonist Hank Crawford. Released in 1982, it was his first recording for Milestone Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="20633457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633457" title="R v B">
R v B

R. v B. 2 Cr. App. R. 88, CA was a case in which the undisclosed party ("B") was charged with an indecent assault on two of his grandsons. 
The evidence introduced in this case was pornographic magazines that belonged to the accused "B". The House of Lords held this evidence to be inadmissible in suggesting that "B" had committed the assault. The magazines along with other evidence were not enough to convict "B" as they did not meet the proper criteria for the admissibility of what is known as "similar fact evidence."
As a result, in this case it is shown that evidence which "only" highlights the accused in question to be of a "bad disposition" will be deemed inadmissible. This is because, for evidence to be admissible, it must do more than just merely suggest that the person has the propensity to commit the charged crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20633465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633465" title="Pseudochromis dilectus">
Pseudochromis dilectus

Pseudochromis dilectus is a Pseudochromis from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20633473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633473" title="Ray, Minnesota">
Ray, Minnesota

Ray is an unincorporated community in Koochiching County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located southeast of International Falls at the junction of U.S. Highway 53 (U.S. 53) and State Highway 217 (MN 217).
County Roads 3, 29, and 110 are also in the vicinity. The Rat Root River flows through the area.
Geography.
Ray is located along the boundary line between East Koochiching Unorganized Territory and Rainy Lake Unorganized Territory.
Nearby places include International Falls, Littlefork, and Kabetogama. The boundary line between Koochiching and Saint Louis counties is nearby.
Ray is located 18 miles southeast of International Falls; and 16 miles east of Littlefork. Ray is 9 miles west of Kabetogama; and 54 miles northwest of Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="20633481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633481" title="Pembleton">
Pembleton

Pembleton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20633495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633495" title="Pseudochromis fuscus">
Pseudochromis fuscus

Description.
Pseudochromis fuscus is a species of saltwater fish in the Dottyback family. Dottybacks are generally very bright in color and relatively small, factors which have made them popular among aquarium enthusiasts. Besides their coloration and size, they are probably best known for their aggressive temperament. While many of the more common dottybacks are in the Pseudochromis genus, there are also species in other genuses. Common names for this particular species include the Brown dottyback, the Golden dottyback, and the Musky dottyback. The common name “Golden dottyback” is shared with another species of dottyback, the Pseudochromis pseudoplesiopinae. The species name, fuscus, means dark or dusky in Latin.
Brown dottybacks grow to a maximum length of about 10 centimeters and they have three dorsal spines, several dorsal soft rays, three anal spines and a few anal soft rays. The spine count is what distinguishes them from their close neighbor, the true basses from the Serrinadae family. Like most dottybacks, they are very long and slender. They are also the largest species within the Pseudochromis genus. Brown dottybacks have pear-shaped eyes, not unlike bass, and canine teeth. Color usually ranges from bright yellow to dark brown, but orange, pink, and gray fish of this species have been found as well. Blue spots can often be seen on the nape and the anterior part of the body. Studies have shown that the color differences in wild Brown dottybacks are not due to genetic changes. In fact, individuals seem to be able to change their color, though the factors causing color changes are undetermined. Interestingly, the shade of yellow or brown that a dottyback displays seems to correlate with the shade of prey that a dottyback targets. For example, Brown dottybacks with a bright yellow coloration are more likely to be found near prey with a bright yellow coloration. Brighter Brown dottybacks are also more likely to be found in deeper areas, while their browner cousins are more likely to be found in shallower areas.
Taxonomy.
The Pseudochromis fuscus is a member of the Pseudochromidae family, which includes other dottybacks like the purple dottyback (Pseudochromis porphyreus) and the bluelined dottyback (Pseudochromis cyanotaenia). Not all dottybacks are in this family. There are a few in the Anisochromis family too. Pseudochromidae are members of the Percoidei sub-order, which falls under the Perciformes order. This is a very large order that includes many of the bony fish in the ocean. In fact, Perciformes is the largest order of vertebrates, with over 10,000 species. Perciformes is in the Actinopterygii class, which, is in the Pisces superclass. Pisces is in the Chordata phylum, which is in the Animalia kingdom.
Distribution.
Pseudochromis fuscus is native to the south-western Pacific Ocean and the eastern Indian Ocean. Its range is from Sri Lanka east to Vanuatu and from Australia north to Hong Kong. A map showing the distribution of this fish can be seen here, with red spots showing the range of this dottyback. As is shown on the map, the southern limit of the distribution stops at about the southern limit of the reefs off the eastern coast of Australia. This is because the Brown dottyback is most often found in coral reef habitats.
Habitat.
Pseudochromis fuscus is a very common fish on coral reefs. It can make up as much as 10% of the piscivorous fishes in the community, with competing predators consisting of fish like the moonwrasse or lizardfish. The Brown dottyback is often found in crevices or ledges. It is also often found swimming near branching corals.
Diet.
Pseudochromis fuscus is a carnivorous fish that often feeds on juvenile coral reef fish or crustaceans, though they also will feed on mollusks. Typically, juvenile fish are only targeted for predation during the summer, as the survivors outgrow their vulnerability to dottyback predation by the winter. Common predatory targets include many species of damselfish. Unlike other species of competing piscivors, predation of juvenile fish by the Brown dottyback is not affected by the presence of adult males guarding the juveniles. Sometimes, adult male damselfish will guard the nests of their young. While this reduces predation on the young by other predators, predation by dottyback appears to be unaffected. Because of this predatory behavior, the Brown dottyback is considered an important regulator of the composition of the coral reef community.
Behavior.
The Brown dottyback is a very aggressive predatory fish, and therefore, most of the behavioral research conducted on it relates to the predatory relationship that this fish has with others in the coral reef community. Brown dottybacks appear to preferentially prey on fish with longer bodies, an observation which is consistent with the optimal foraging theory. While long body types were preferred in prey, various studies have conflicting results when examining the effects of overall prey size on targeting. Some studies have found that Brown dottybacks prefer larger prey, while others have found that smaller prey are preferred. Brown dottybacks also appear to target rare fish for predation more often than common fish. Preference is also given to targeting prey in good condition over prey in bad condition, a distinction that is often made through chemical cues. In fact, it appears as though chemical signals are the primary means by which a foraging response is stimulated. Predatory behavior also increases for brown dottybacks in a bleached coral reef environment, as the lack of coloration of the coral makes it easier for the predators to detect their prey.
Studies have also found that external chemical factors affect Brown dottyback behavior. For example, carbon dioxide increases the swimming activity of this fish, while at the same time decreasing the ability of the Brown dottyback to sense the chemical signals associated with the presence of prey. However, increasing the carbon dioxide concentration does not necessarily help prey escape, as these changes also decrease the ability the dottyback’s prey to sense the chemical signals of a nearby predator. When an experiment was conducted to study the net effect of increasing carbon dioxide levels on predation of damselfish, the number of smaller fish preyed upon was found to increase under elevated carbon dioxide while the number of larger fish preyed upon was found to be unaffected.
Aquaria.
Pseudochromis fuscus, along with many other species in the dottyback family, are often kept as aquarium fish. These fish are as aggressive in captivity as they are in the wild, so brown dottybacks are often kept with fish that will not disturb their territory or they are kept completely separate from other fish. For this reason, it is very important to have only one Brown dottyback in a tank. Because this fish is so large relative to other dottybacks, the Brown dottyback is even more of a bully than the other aggressive species within the Pseudochromis genus. Still, they are a relatively easy fish to keep in captivity, and they can be kept with larger fish like adult damselfish or parrotfish. It is best to feed Brown dottybacks with finely chopped meaty foods, like krill or squid, but this fish will also adapt to eating flakes, pellets, and herbivorous foods. Special attention must be given to the choice of foods, because the Brown dottyback’s diet will affect its coloration. This is why a diet high in vitamins is recommended, as this diet should maintain a rich golden color. Another important consideration for a tank containing a Brown dottyback is the need for rocky ledges, crevices, and caves.

</doc>
<doc id="20633498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633498" title="Philadelphia Athletics (NFL)">
Philadelphia Athletics (NFL)

The Philadelphia Athletics were a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1902. The team was member of what was referred to as the National Football League. This league has no connection with the National Football League of today. The whole "league" was a curious mixture of baseball and football. During the league's only year in existence, two of the three teams that were financed by the owners of the Philadelphia Athletics and the Philadelphia Phillies, hence the names Philadelphia Athletics and Philadelphia Phillies. The Pittsburgh Stars made up the third team and was suspected of being financed by the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team.
History.
Origins.
The Athletics began as a part of the baseball wars between the National League and the new American League that began in 1901. In Philadelphia, the AL's Athletics lured several of the NL's Phillies from their contracts, only to lose them again through court action. When Phillie owner John Rogers decided to start a football team, the Athletics followed suit. A's owner Ben Shibe fielded a team made-up of several baseball players as well as some local football talent. He appointed his baseball manager Connie Mack as the team's general manager and named former Penn player, Charles "Blondy" Wallace as the team's coach. Each Philadelphia team was named after their respective baseball clubs and became the Philadelphia Athletics and Philadelphia Phillies. However both Rogers and Shibe knew that to lay claim to the World Championship, they had to play a team from Pittsburgh, which was the focal point of football at the time. They called upon Dave Berry, pro football promoter, and a Pittsburgh team was soon formed. These three teams are all that made up the first NFL.
Upon hiring Wallace as coach of team, Shibe primarily put Mack in the manager position to watch over Wallace. Mack wasn't an expert on football, but he had always been careful with Shibe's money and his sports teams. Nevertheless, Wallace began signing the best football talent available. The Phillies had a headstart, but A's soon caught up until Philadelphia rosters began to look like a "Who's Who of Phialdelphia Football talent".
Rube Waddell.
Many of the baseball players came from the Major League Baseball teams. The Athletics' star left-hander, Rube Waddell. When in the mood, he could throw a baseball better than anyone in the world, but he wasn't always in the mood. Newspapers of the time charitably referred to Waddell as "eccentric" while others ranked him between "screwball" and "nutsy." When football began, Connie saw a chance to keep his star in line for a few months more. He signed the lefty on as an extra lineman, against Waddell's recommendation that he be placed at halfback. While there is no mention of Waddell’s name in any lineups or game accounts, Wallace may have let the lefty into a few games when the score was safe. Regardless, it was no secret to anyone that the Rube was there to be watched.
1902 Season.
First Stars game.
The league played all of its games on Saturdays, since there were no Sunday sports events according to Pennsylvania blue laws in 1902. The teams began playing various colleges and local football clubs before finally playing each other. On November 8, the Stars traveled to Philadelphia to play the A's. In the first half Pittsburgh scored two touchdowns but failed on each extra point attempts (PAT). In 1902, the PAT was more difficult than those of today. It had to be kicked from a point straight out from where the ball crossed the goal line on the TD. If the angle was bad, the scoring team's fullback punted the ball out into the field from behind the goal line. The extra point man had first to field the punt-out, and then, kick from where he'd caught the ball. If the fullback couldn't give the kicker good field position, he didn't stand a chance on his try. The Athletics also got a touchdown and added the point. Until 1912 a touchdown counted only five points, so the score at the half stood 10-6. However, the A's were not content to be the first team to score against the Stars; they added a second-half field goal—also five points, the same as a touchdown. Under modern scoring, the game would have been a 12-10 Pittsburgh victory. In 1902 scoring it was 11-10, Philadelphia.
Issues with Waddell.
However was still more committed to baseball than football and worried more about losing Rube Waddell than any football game. In Elmira, Waddell was tempted to remain in a town that was the home of one of the biggest manufacturers of fire engines, which he loved. Mack had to then convince Rube to stay with the team.
Then the night before the first championship game try with Pittsburgh, Connie caught Rube sneaking into the hotel long after curfew. After being delivered a lecture by Mack, Waddell turned to return to his hotel room. However, a loaded pistol dropped out of his pocket and went off. The bullet missed Mack's head by inches.
First championship try.
The Athletics had split on the 1902 season with the Phillies, as had Pittsburgh. Although a Philadelphia victory on Thanksgiving Day would give the A's the championship hands down, a win by the Stars could tie the league race tighter than a toper on Saturday night. The game going to be billed by Dave Berry, the league president and manager of the Stars, as the championship game. 
Mack prepared the A's for the big game by playing an exhibition tour through northern Pennsylvania and southern New York. In Elmira, New York the Athletics joined in the first night game in pro football history. Lights were set up along the sidelines and giant searchlights glared from behind the goal posts. 
When Mack agreed to the championship game, he was promised $2,000 in return for his team's participation. When he saw that the stands were practically empty, he refused to play until his team was paid their share of the gate. With the stands almost empty, it looked as if the game wouldn't be played. However, Mack soon after received a check for $2,000 from William Corey, the head of Carnegie Steel who impatiently wanted to see the game, and the game soon began. Corey got his money's worth, if he liked evenly matched games. Both teams played at their best and sweated to a scoreless tie. It was a fair verdict, but Dave Berry's "championship game" hadn't decided anything.
1902 Championship.
Another championship game was soon planned between Berry and Mack. The crowd was a little better that day, but not by much. Only about 2,000 fans showed up. With less than three minutes left in a scoreless game, neither team had yet been able to score a point. Everyone was about ready to contend with another tie. However, a late fumble led to a Pittsburgh touchdown and another touchdown soon followed. The Stars won the championship. Meanwhile the Athletics went home and beat the Phillies to wrap up second place. It was a nice win and gave them the city championship.
Controversy.
With the win, A's players decided to call the Stars game an exhibition, and declared themselves the champs. However, the team had agreed to that season-ending championship game against Pittsburgh the Saturday after Thanksgiving, and they had lost it. This was recognized by all parties at the time as the championship game. Each team carried a record of 2-2 for league play. Pittsburgh had by far the better point ratio, scoring 39 points to their opponents' 22. Both the Athletics and the Phillies gave up more points than they scored in their league games. Finally Dave Berry used his power as league president and name his Stars the 1905 champions. 
In late December of that same year the 1902 World Series of Football was held at Madison Square Garden in New York City. While neither the Phillies nor Athletics participated in this event, several members of both squads joined together on a team known variously as "New York", the New Yorks and the New York Philadelphians. The "New York" team played in the first indoor football game against the Syracuse Athletic Club. The Philadelphia Athletics Football Club finished the 1902 season some $4000 in debt. Mack reorganized the team for the 1903 but the squad played only two games, a 0-12 defeat at the hands of the Watertown Red & Black and a 6-0 victory over the All-Syracuse eleven, before folding.

</doc>
<doc id="20633519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633519" title="Pseudochromis sankeyi">
Pseudochromis sankeyi

Pseudochromis sankeyi is a Pseudochromis from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20633530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633530" title="K-9 Bass">
K-9 Bass

K-9 Bass is the third and final album released by rap group, The Dogs. It was released on November 17, 1992 through Joey Boy Records and featured production from The Dogs, Carleton Mills and Calvin Mills. By the time this album was released, Disco Rick and Cracked Up had left the group, leaving just Keith Bell and Labrant Dennis as the only two members of The Dogs. "K-9 Bass" was not a success, only peaking at #95 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20633532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633532" title="Pseudochromis veliferus">
Pseudochromis veliferus

Pseudochromis veliferus is a Pseudochromis from the Western Central Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20633542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633542" title="Fort Ellsworth">
Fort Ellsworth

Fort Ellsworth was a timber and earthwork fortification constructed west of Alexandria, Virginia, as part of the defenses of Washington, D.C. during the American Civil War. Built in the weeks following the Union defeat at Bull Run, Fort Ellsworth was situated on a hill north of Hunting Creek, and Cameron Run, (which feeds into it). From its position on one of the highest points west of Alexandria, the fort overlooked the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, the Little River Turnpike, and the southern approaches to the city of Alexandria, the largest settlement in Union-occupied Northern Virginia.
Occupation of Alexandria.
The occupation of Northern Virginia was peaceful, with the sole exception of the town of Alexandria. There, as Colonel Elmer E. Ellsworth, commander of the New York Fire Zouaves (11th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment), entered a local hotel to remove the Confederate flag flying above it, he was shot and killed by James Jackson, the proprietor. Ellsworth was one of the first men killed in the American Civil War. Throughout the remainder of the war, Alexandria would lean strongly towards the Confederate government, necessitating continued occupation by a Union garrison.
Washington D.C. Fortifications.
Over the seven weeks that followed the occupation of northern Virginia, forts were constructed along the banks of the Potomac River and at the approaches to each of the three major bridges (Chain Bridge, Long Bridge, and Aqueduct Bridge) connecting Virginia to Washington and Georgetown.
While the Potomac River forts were being built, planning and surveying was ordered for an enormous new ring of forts to protect the city. Unlike the fortifications under construction, the new forts would defend the city in all directions, not just the most direct route through Arlington. In mid-July, this work was interrupted by the First Battle of Bull Run. As the Army of Northeastern Virginia marched south to Manassas, the soldiers previously assigned to construction duties marched instead to battle. In the days that followed the Union defeat at Bull Run, panicked efforts were made to defend Washington from what was perceived as an imminent Confederate attack. The makeshift trenches and earthworks that resulted were largely confined to Arlington and the direct approaches to Washington.
On July 26, 1861, five days after the battle, Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan was named commander of the military district of Washington and the subsequently renamed Army of the Potomac. Upon arriving in Washington, McClellan was appalled by the condition of the city's defenses. "In no quarter were the dispositions for defense such as to offer a vigorous resistance to a respectable body of the enemy, either in the position and numbers of the troops or the number and character of the defensive works... not a single defensive work had been commenced on the Maryland side. There was nothing to prevent the enemy shelling the city from heights within easy range, which could be occupied by a hostile column almost without resistance."
To remedy the situation, one of McClellan's first orders upon taking command was to greatly expand the defenses of Washington. At all points of the compass, forts and entrenchments would be constructed in sufficient strength to defeat any attack. Alexandria, which contained the southern terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal and one of the largest ports in the Chesapeake Bay, was an object of "anxious study."
Planning and construction.
In August 1861, General McClellan assigned General J.G. Barnard to take charge of construction to begin creation of a really complete system of defenses
Gen. Horatio Wright, oversaw the construction of Fort Ellsworth, and Gen. John Newton, who was in charge of the forts south of Four Mile Run, supervised the construction and managed the flow of men and material. The Fort was constructed on Shuter’s
Hill to the east of Samuel Cooper’s Cameron plantation house.
Wartime use.
On June 26, 1861, 30 - 10 Pounder Rifled Cannon were tested at Fort Ellsworth.
Col. J. Howard Kitching with the 6th New York Artillery occupied Fort Ellsworth:
Now we are in Fort Ellsworth...It is a very fine piece of work on a splendid commanding position, overlooking Washington, Alexandria, and all the surrounding country, for fifteen or twenty miles. When we came in here...it was occupied by four hundred 'man -of-war's men:' in fact, a complete frigate's crew - and they have been spending the past two months in putting the fort in order, just as sailors do, sodding and whitewashing everything, and planting evergreens, until the inside of the works is the very picture of neatness. 
They moved on to Fort Worth, on Wednesday, November 27, 1861.
Fort Worth, Va., December 3, 1861. 
My dearest L: I received your lovely letter, and would have answered it immediately, but that I was taken sick the day after I got it, and have been sick ever since. We received orders late Wednesday night to move our two companies which had been guarding Fort Ellsworth to Fort Worth, the next morning, Thanksgiving Day. So we were obliged to give up our comfortable quarters, and take up our line of march for an unfinished earthwork, on the outskirts of our line of fortifications; where instead of spending our time drilling on the guns, and teaching our men something useful, we are forced to take up our axes and shovels, and go to work upon the Fort. 
In Ellsworth we had very nice quarters within the works, and everything convenient, and were able to crib a little time every day to ourselves. 
In 1862, Nathaniel Hawthorne visited the Fort, as detailed the "Atlantic":
We paid a visit to Fort Ellsworth, and from itramparts (which have been heaped up out of the muddy soil within the last few months, and will require still a year or two to make them verdant) we had a beautiful view of the Potomac, a truly majestic river, and the surrounding country. The fortifications, so numerous in all this region, and now so unsightly with their bare, precipitous sides will remain as historic monuments, grass-grown and picturesque memorials of an epoch of terror and suffering: they will serve to make our country dearer and more interesting to us, and afford fit soil for poetry to root itself in: for this is a plant which thrives best in spots where blood has been spilt long ago, and grows in abundant clusters in old ditches, such as the moat around Fort Ellsworth will be a century hence. 
In September, 1864, Company F, 1st Wisconsin Heavy Artillery Regiment was assigned to the Fort.
The George Washington Masonic National Memorial was built on Shuter's hill, the site of the fort.

</doc>
<doc id="20633543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633543" title="Manonichthys splendens">
Manonichthys splendens

Manonichthys splendens, common name Splendid Dottyback, is a species of marine fish in the family Pseudochromidae, the dottybacks. It occurs in the Indo-WestPacific and occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20633556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633556" title="Trichophyton tonsurans">
Trichophyton tonsurans

Trichophyton tonsurans is a species of fungus in the Arthrodermataceae family. It is a common cause of tinea capitis in the United Kingdom.
Unlike other causes of tinea elsewhere on the body, Trichophyton tonsurans does not undergo fluoresce under ultraviolet light (Wood's lamp).

</doc>
<doc id="20633572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633572" title="Robert Price (engineer)">
Robert Price (engineer)

Robert Price (7 July 1929 – 3 December 2008) was an American electrical engineer, known best for his research in spread spectrum and radar technology. 
Price was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He majored in physics at Princeton University (1950) and then received his Sc.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1953). While working in the MIT Lincoln Laboratories, he was the co-creator of the Rake receiver, together with Paul Green. The Rake receiver has been described as "historically the most important adaptive receiver for fading multipath channels." They also supervised its deployment in a first-ever spread-spectrum system, the Lincoln F9C (1950).
Price and Green also attempted to bounce radar waves off the planet Venus (1958). With Gordon Pettengill, the two of them worked out a theory of range-Doppler mapping that was used on the Magellan probe mapping of Venus' surface 20 years later.
In 1965 he left the Lincoln Laboratory to join the Sperry Research Center in Sudbury, Massachusetts. He later worked at M/A-COM Government Systems and at Raytheon.
Price was elected to the National Academy of Engineering (1985). He was a Life Fellow of the IEEE.

</doc>
<doc id="20633574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633574" title="Abyzou">
Abyzou

In the myth and folklore of the Near East and Europe, Abyzou is the name of a female demon. Abyzou was blamed for miscarriages and infant mortality and was said to be motivated by envy ( "phthonos"), as she herself was infertile. In the Jewish tradition she is identified with Lilith, in Coptic Egypt with Alabasandria, and in Byzantine culture with Gylou, but in various texts surviving from the syncretic magical practice of antiquity and the early medieval era she is said to have many or virtually innumerable names.
Abyzou (also spelled Abizou, Obizu, Obizuth, Obyzouth, Byzou etc.) is pictured on amulets with fish- or serpent-like attributes. Her fullest literary depiction is the compendium of demonology known as the "Testament of Solomon", dated variously by scholars from as early as the 1st century AD to as late as the 4th.
Origins.
A.A. Barb connected Abyzou and similar female demons to the Sumerian myth of primeval Sea. Barb argued that although the name “Abyzou” appears to be a corrupted form of the Greek word "abyssos" ("the abyss"), the Greek itself was borrowed from Assyrian "Apsu" or Sumerian "Abzu", the undifferentiated sea from which the world was created in the Sumerian belief system, equivalent to Babylonian "Tiamat", or Hebrew "Tehom" in the Book of Genesis. The entity Sea was originally bi- or asexual, later dividing into male Abzu (fresh water) and female Tiamat (salt water). The female demons among whom Lilith is the best-known are often said to have come from the primeval sea. In classical Greece, female sea monsters that combine allure and deadliness may also derive from this tradition, including the Gorgons (who were daughters of the old sea god Phorcys), Sirens, Harpies, and even water nymphs and Nereids.
In the Septuagint, the Greek version of the Hebrew scriptures, the word "Abyssos" is treated as a noun of feminine grammatical gender, even though Greek nouns ending in "-os" are typically masculine. "Abyssos" is equivalent in meaning to Mesopotamian Abzu as the dark chaotic sea before Creation. The word also appears in the Christian scriptures, occurring six times in the Book of Revelation, where it is conventionally translated not as “the deep” but as “the bottomless pit” of Hell. Barb argues that in essence the Sumerian Abzu is the “grandmother” of the Christian Devil.
The Testament of Solomon.
In the late antique "Testament of Solomon", Abyzou (as Obizuth) is described as having a “greenish gleaming face with dishevelled serpent-like hair”; the rest of her body is covered by darkness. The speaker (“King Solomon”) encounters a series of demons, binds and tortures each in turn, and inquires into their activities; then he metes out punishment or controls them as he sees fit. Put to the test, Abyzou says that she does not sleep, but rather wanders the world looking for women about to give birth; given the opportunity, she will strangle newborns. She claims also to be the source of many other afflictions, including deafness, eye trouble, obstructions of the throat, madness, and bodily pain. Solomon orders that she be chained by her own hair and hung up in front of the Temple in public view. The writer of the "Testament" appears to have been thinking of the "gorgoneion", or the icon of the Medusa’s head, which often adorned Greek temples and occasionally Jewish synagogues in late antiquity.
Envy is a theme in the "Testament", and during his interrogation by the king, Beelzebub himself asserts that he inspires envy among humans. Among the succession of demons bound and questioned, the personification of Envy is described as headless, and motivated by the need to steal another's head: "I grasp in an instant a man's head … and put it on myself." As with Envy's Sisyphean efforts to replace his head, Abyzou (Obizuth) cannot rest until she steals a child each night.
On medical amulets.
On the inscribed healing amulets of the Near Eastern and European magico-medical tradition, illness or affliction is often personified and addressed directly; the practitioner may be instructed to inscribe or chant a phrase that orders the ailment to depart: for example, “Flee, Fever!” The ailment may also be conceived of as caused by a demon, who must be identified correctly by name and commanded to depart. In this mode, magico-healing practice bears comparison to exorcism.
Abyzou is depicted and named on several early Byzantine bronze amulets. With her hands tied behind her back, she kneels as she is whipped by a standing figure, identified as Solomon or Arlaph, called Afarof in the "Testament of Solomon" and identified with the archangel Raphael. On one amulet, the figure is labeled as Arlaph, but an inscription reads “The Seal of Solomon with the bearer; I am Noskam.” The reverse inscription is written within an ouroboros, the symbol of a snake biting its tail to form a circle: “Flee, flee, Abyzou, [from Sisinios and Sisinnia; the voracious dog dwells here.” (St. Sisinnios sometimes takes the Solomon role on Christian amulets.) Although Abyzou is regarded mainly as a threat to child-bearing women and to infants, some of the names of those seeking protection from her on extant amulets are masculine.
Medieval amulets show a variation on this iconography, with Abyzou trampled underfoot by a horseman. The rider is identified again either as Solomon or Arlaph; one example depicts the rider as Sisinnios, with the demon named as both Abizou and Anabardalea, and an angel named Araph (for Arlaph) standing by with one raised wing. The medieval lead amulets that show the rider subduing the female often have a main image that resembles a gorgoneion and is likely a womb symbol ("hystera").
The names of Abyzou.
In one magic-related text, the archangel Michael confronts Abyzou and compels her to tell him the 40 names that can control her. In magico-religious practice, the knowledge of the secret name of a deity, divine force, or demon offers power over that entity.
In the "Testament of Solomon," the demon herself declares that she has ten-thousands of names and forms, and that Raphael is her antithesis. She says that if her name is written on a scrap of papyrus when a woman is about to give birth, “I shall flee from them to the other world.”
Variants on the name of Abyzou appear frequently in charms in languages such as ancient Greek, Hebrew, and Romanian.
Gyllou, Gylou, Gello.
The female childbirth demon appears frequently in magical texts under her Babylonian name Gyllou or Gylou. In one Greek tale set in the time of “Trajan the King,” Gyllou under torture reveals her “twelve and a half names”:
In medieval texts, one of Gylou’s twelve and a half names is given as Anabardalea, a name also associated with Abyzou.
In the form of Gello, the demon appears in a fragment from Sappho's poetry.
Antaura.
Antaura is a female demon who causes migraine headaches. She is known primarily from a 2nd/3rd century silver "lamella" (inscribed metal leaf) found at the Roman military settlement Carnuntum in present-day Austria. Antaura, whose name means something like “Contrary Wind,” is said to come out of the sea. In the inscription, she is confronted by the Ephesian Artemis, who plays the role assigned to the male figures Solomon, Arlaph, and Sisinnios in Judaeo-Christian magic.
Alabasandria.
At the monastery of St. Apollo in Bawit, Egypt, a wall painting depicts the childbirth demon under the name Alabasandria (or Alabasdria) as she is trampled under the hooves of a horse. The rider wears a belted tunic and trousers in the Parthian manner, and an inscription, now faded, was read at the time of its discovery as Sisinnios. This central image is surrounded by other figures, including a centaur, the piercing of the evil eye, and the demon's daughter, winged and reptile-tailed, identified by an inscription.
See also.
For similar or related figures, see:

</doc>
<doc id="20633584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633584" title="We Have Joy">
We Have Joy

"We Have Joy" is an unofficial single by Killing Joke. It was released in October, 1982, at the Peel Sessions as a 7" single. "Chop-Chop", an official single, was the B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="20633590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633590" title="Lady Circus">
Lady Circus

Lady Circus is a performing arts troupe in New York City composed of eight ladies who perform solo, in small groups, or in a variety show setting in their entirety. The troupe was founded by Anya Sapozhnikova in New York in 2007.
Lady Circus, self-described as "an intoxicating cocktail of riot and glamour," considers themselves to be, "a mix of sideshow, brooklyn grit, and 1920's gilded decadence finished off with a modern edge." Their performances use circus arts to entertain and address political and social issues. Members have been sighted using stilts, hula hoops, fire fans, poi, aerial silk, lyra, trapeze, contortion, glass walking, sword swallowing, fire eating, rhythmic gymnastics and combinations thereof across a variety of venues including warehouse parties, galas, benefits, parades, art openings, and private events presenting a diverse skill-set.
Lady Circus also participates in, and at times hosts, "circus skill share." Circus skill share is a free community effort where performers gather in a public place with their performance tools and share their knowledge and skills with people of the community and with each other. Teaching circus to children and adults that otherwise may not have exposure or opportunity to experience circus arts and providing fun opportunities to improve body strength, coordination, and balance.
History.
Lady Circus performed traditionally one gig at a time, tailoring their acts to each performance space and purpose. As their rehearsal space at the House of YES was rebuilt after a devastating fire in April 2008, their ability to create a full stage show came to fruition.
The members of Lady Circus are often hired to perform at sophisticated Manhattan nightclubs, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, concerts, large summer festivals, and corporate events. They also performed in warehouse parties around Brooklyn.
In January 2009, Lady Circus completed its first full stage production for The Sky Box Aerial Theatre that operates at the new House of YES. The show was titled "Lady Circus and The Mickey Western Band Present: The Rusted Gun Saloon", and it was a tumultuous tale of love, jealousy, greed, and violence including live music and circus. The show was directed and produced as a collaborative piece between Lady Circus, Lauren Larken of Artistic Evolution, and The Mickey Western Band.
In May 2009, Lady Circus collaborated with FUCT to produce its second full stage production, "Cirque du Quoi?!?", a twisted tale with acrobatics and sexual humor. The show was directed by Jeff Glaser.
June 2009: Lady Circus joined the Bonnaroo Buskers in Manchester Tennessee for daily parades and a midnight variety show. 
October 2009: Lady Circus teamed up with the creatrix of Desert Sin and the Mystery Bird Puppet Theatre to perform "Twitchers" A theatrical immersion of dance, puppetry, aerial, live music,
spectacle, and pure emotion. A tour of birds, dreams, and women who take flight.
November 2009: Members of Lady Circus entertained at the New York MoMA Film Benefit : A tribute to Tim Burton
December 2009: House of Yes Christmas Spectacular : Lady Circus and Friends. A festive, in-your-face holiday extravaganza! Overflowing with glitter, glamour, sex, comedy, matching costumes, synchronized dancing, and theatrics. Guest appearances include but not limited to Desert Sin Dance Company, The Love Show, Jenny Rocha and the Painted Ladies, Mike Richter,Graham Skipper of FUCT, Kayti Bunny, Pearl Pistol, and Band of Bicycles.
February 2010: Members of Lady Circus partook in "The Wonderneath" a magical circus theatre adventure written and produced by Ali Schmitz and featuring Jordann Baker, Claire de Luxe, Ellie Mio, and joined by Kai Altair and Ateles Aerial. Music was performed by Tin Pan. 
May 2010: "The Horror Show"
October 2010: Kae Burke of Lady Circus wrote, produced, and starred in "The Circus of Circus" a dramatic comedy based on George Orwells "Animal Farm"

</doc>
<doc id="20633593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633593" title="Claggett">
Claggett

Claggett or Clagett may refer to:
As a first name:
As a last name:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20633595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633595" title="The Ox (instrumental)">
The Ox (instrumental)

"The Ox" is an instrumental piece by The Who. It was on their debut album "My Generation". It was improvised by Pete Townshend, John Entwistle, Keith Moon and keyboardist Nicky Hopkins. This track appears as the b-side of "The Kids Are Alright" on the single's UK release. The song was also on the compilation album "Thirty Years of Maximum R&B." A jingle based on this song exists, and was released as "Top Gear" on both reissues of "The Who Sell Out".
The song was very rarely played live by The Who. The band may have played it in 1965 and 1966 while the album was still fresh, though no live recordings of the song are known to exist. The only known live appearance of this song was in a medley of "My Generation" at the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, Netherlands on September 29, 1969, part of the "Tommy" tour.
"Rolling Stone Magazine"'s John Swenson described "The Ox" and "My Generation" to be "sonic marvels of the time" due to Townshend's feedback technique on these songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20633605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633605" title="Dancehall Sweethearts">
Dancehall Sweethearts

Dancehall Sweethearts is the name of the third studio album by Irish rock band Horslips. Recorded during the 1974 World Cup Finals, the songs were loosely based on the travels of the famed 18th century blind harper, Turlough O' Carolan. The title and cover were chosen by the band in reaction to the record company's worry that an album about a deceased blind Irish harper would not sell in great quantities.
For this album, the addition of brass sections added a new element to Horslips' sound, as songs like "Nighttown Boy" and "Sunburst" displayed elements of blues which were new to Horslips' Celtic Rock sound. Once again, traditional jigs and reels were incorporated into Horslips' songs. A video was recorded for Ireland's national broadcaster, RTÉ, of Horslips performing "King of the Fairies", a set dance, Beatles-style on the roof of Bank of Ireland's headquarters in 1975. 
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="20633608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633608" title="Henry Rutherford">
Henry Rutherford

Henry Rutherford (before 1783 – ca 1808) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the town of Digby from 1793 to 1806 and Annapolis County from 1806 to 1808 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He came to Digby, Nova Scotia in 1783 as a United Empire Loyalist. He was involved in the fishing trade and the trade in the West Indies. Rutherford was also a contractor involved in building a road between Digby and Sissiboo (later Weymouth). In 1801, he was a commissioner for the construction of a road between Digby and Bear River. Phineas Lovett replaced him in the provincial assembly in May 1808 following his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20633625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633625" title="The Tyranny of the Market">
The Tyranny of the Market

The Tyranny of the Market is a book by Wharton School of Business professor Joel Waldfogel.

</doc>
<doc id="20633630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633630" title="Pseudochromis porphyreus">
Pseudochromis porphyreus

Pseudochromis porphyreus is a fish in the dottyback family from the western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 6 cm in length. Its common name is magenta dottyback.

</doc>
<doc id="20633634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633634" title="Johnny Lawrence">
Johnny Lawrence

John Lawrence, known as "Johnny", was a diminutive Yorkshire-born all-round cricketer whose middle or lower order batting and leg-break and googly bowling were of great importance to Somerset in the 10 cricket seasons immediately after the Second World War.
Early career and playing style.
Born at Carlton, Leeds, on 29 March 1911, Lawrence made his name in the Bradford Cricket League in the 1930s, but was not able to break into the strong Yorkshire side, though he played Second Eleven cricket at Minor Counties level. He qualified by residence to play for Somerset at the end of 1939 but then had to wait until after World War II before making his debut, by which time he was 35 years old.
Short and enthusiastic, Lawrence was a pugnacious batsman who, according to one account, "could on occasions bat with irremovable resolve". As a bowler, in the description of the cricket writer Alan Gibson, Lawrence was "one of the slowest bowlers I have ever seen. There were times when he would deliberately bowl slower and slower, until he almost reached the state of Sir James Barrie, who declared that he could bowl a ball so slow that if he did not like the look of it he could run after it and catch it."
First-class cricketer.
Lawrence was an instant success in Somerset's 1946 side, winning his county cap in his first season, scoring 968 first-class runs and taking 66 wickets. The wickets were fewer and more expensive in 1947, but he took his first five-wicket haul in an innings with six for 53 against Hampshire at Weston-super-Mare. At the end of the 1947 season, though a Somerset player, he was picked for the North team in the regular North v South match at Harrogate. 
The 1948 season saw the start of Lawrence's best bowling years, though his batting fell away. His aggregate of wickets rose from 45 in 1947 to 82, and the bowling average fell from more than 36 runs per wicket to just 22. His two best bowling performances came against Yorkshire, with six for 29 in the match at Harrogate followed by six for 35 in the return match at Taunton. At the end of the season, he played for an England XI in a match at Cardiff Arms Park to celebrate Glamorgan's first County Championship, the only non-Test player in the side. But that and the North v South match the previous year remained the extent of his representative cricket. 
In 1949, he took 100 wickets for the first time, finishing with 107 at a bowling average of 22.73, but his batting declined even further and he finished without a single 50 to his name all season and with a batting average of less than 14 runs per innings. His eight for 63 in an innings against Hampshire at Portsmouth was the best return of his career so far. But he bettered that performance and his wickets tally the following season, 1950. Against Worcestershire at Worcester, he took eight for 41 on a rain-affected pitch, and these remained the best bowling figures of his career. They contributed to a total of 115 wickets which was not only his highest season aggregate but also, with a bowling average of 18.90, the best season's figures of his career. Moreover, in 1950 his batting form returned and he scored 981 runs, the nearest he came in his career to the all-rounder's "double" of 1,000 runs and 100 wickets in an English cricket season. 
A contributory factor in his bowling success was his understanding with the Somerset wicketkeeper, Harold Stephenson. Somerset's cricket historian described it thus: "The prodigious leg-break would beat the bat and 'Steve' would knock off the bails with the merest flick. The glee on Lawrence's face as an exasperated batsman pounded forward and missed..."
Senior professional.
Lawrence turned 40 in March 1951 and over the remaining five years of his first-class career there was a subtle change in his role as a Somerset cricketer. Reliable throughout for 70 or more wickets a season, he never passed 100 again, though he got close with 93 in 1954. But his batting continued to develop and was increasingly important in a side whose frailties in every department consigned it to the foot of the County Championship for four consecutive seasons from 1952 to 1955. He was also a fine slip fielder.
In 1951, he scored 1,000 runs in a season for the first time, reaching 1067 at an average of less than 21. The following year, 1952, his average rose to 25 on the back of a lot of not-out innings, and he missed the 1,000 runs. But in this season he scored the first two centuries of his career. His first was an unbeaten 103 against the Indians at Taunton, when he batted at No 9 and shared a ninth-wicket partnership of 133 with William Dean, whose only first-class match this was. It was the 306th innings of Lawrence's first-class career, and two months later, again batting at No 9, he followed it with a second century, 111, made against Essex at Taunton. He was Somerset's leading wicket-taker too in 1952, but his 78 wickets cost 30.45 runs each.
The bowling return in 1953 was similar, with 70 wickets at 31.77, and the weakness in Somerset's batting rather than any advance in Lawrence's skills led to him being used further up the batting order than in other seasons, even, for a period, opening the innings alongside the long-standing opener Harold Gimblett. He passed 1,000 runs for the season again, though he averaged marginally less than 20 runs an innings. 
Lawrence was awarded a benefit match by Somerset in 1954, and though the match itself was spoilt by rain, the benefit fund eventually reached £3,000. This was despite the fact that, as a strict Methodist, Lawrence refused to allow any Sunday matches to be arranged for his benefit. He also forbade any raffles to be organised for his benefit. In the 1954 cricket season itself, Lawrence responded by making 929 runs and taking 93 wickets, nearer to the elusive double than in any other season apart from 1950. Moreover, the cost of the wickets fell significantly, to 20.66 runs per wicket. For the third consecutive year, he was Somerset's leading wicket-taker. 
The 1955 season saw the start of a transition in the Somerset side, and the reliance on Lawrence lessened. He still took more than 70 wickets with his leg-spin, and his batting aggregate, at 1128, was his highest for a season. When he made 122 in a second innings follow-on that saved the match for Somerset against Worcestershire at Worcester, he made the highest score of his entire first-class career. Yet within a month, he had asked to be released from his county contract and he left the Somerset staff at the end of the season.
After county cricket.
As part of its programme to revive after four years at the foot of the County Championship, Somerset had been looking far and wide for new players, and among the arrivals in the next couple of seasons were the Australians Colin McCool and Bill Alley, both of whom had been playing Lancashire League cricket. Lawrence went in the other direction: he left Somerset after the 1955 season and took up a contract to be the professional at Haslingden Cricket Club for 1956. Haslingden finished at the bottom of the league that season and Lawrence did not return for the 1957 season. 
In 1958, he started playing Minor Counties cricket for Lincolnshire and stayed with the side for 10 years, playing his final match for the side at the age of 56 in 1967. The year before, 1966, Lincolnshire qualified for the Gillette Cup List A competition, where the team played Hampshire in a first round match at Southampton that ran into a second day. Lawrence bowled seven overs without taking a wicket and made 2 not out as his side lost by 31 runs. 
While playing for Lincolnshire, Lawrence resumed his career in the Bradford Cricket League, and he also ran indoor cricket schools in Yorkshire at Lordswood and Rothwell, where among the cricketers he coached was Geoffrey Boycott.
He died at Toulston near Tadcaster on 10 December 1988, aged 77.
Family.
Lawrence's son, Miles Lawrence, also a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler, played 18 first-class matches for Somerset between 1959 and 1961. A younger son, Stephen, played Minor Counties cricket for Cheshire.
Character.
Even Wisden noted that Lawrence was a "cheerful" cricketer. The history of Somerset cricket put it at greater length: "His cheerful disposition was much to the liking of the dressing-room occupants, though his non-conformist attitudes, including his much-voiced disapproval of what is quaintly called industrial language, could be a little too inhibiting for those with a bent for freewheeling linguistics at the end of an unrewarding afternoon in the sun."
Another admirer wrote: "He was a jolly, kindly man, and perhaps the biggest contribution he made to Somerset cricket was his laughter and comradeship in the dressing room, at a time when things were generally going wrong."

</doc>
<doc id="20633649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633649" title="Norton railway station">
Norton railway station

Norton railway station can apply to the following railway stations in England:

</doc>
<doc id="20633655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633655" title="Ogilbyina novaehollandiae">
Ogilbyina novaehollandiae

Ogilbyina novaehollandiae is a Pseudochromis from the Western Central Pacific. This fish occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 10 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20633686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633686" title="Labracinus cyclophthalmus">
Labracinus cyclophthalmus

Labracinus cyclophthalmus is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 22 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20633696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633696" title="2004 MOJO Awards">
2004 MOJO Awards

The first annual MOJO Awards, distributed by "Mojo" magazine, were held during Spring 2004 in London. The awards were produced by the "MOJO" magazine team and attendance was by invitation only.
Nominees.
Complete list of nominees (winners in bold):

</doc>
<doc id="20633701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633701" title="University of Eastern Philippines">
University of Eastern Philippines

The University of Eastern Philippines is a public university in the Philippines. The University is the only comprehensive state university in Eastern Visayas, offering the largest number of undergraduate and graduate degree programs and short-term courses and certificates among the higher education institutions in the region. Its flagship campus is in Catarman, Northern Samar.
History.
The University of Eastern Philippines began as the Catarman Farm School (CFS) in September 1918 in a 516-hectare site of forested mountains and rice fields facing the Pacific Ocean. Then Governor Clodualdo Lucero proposed and sought the approval of the Provincial Board for the establishment of the school.
Its first principal was Washington Wiren from Maine, USA. He was succeeded by Filipino graduates from American agricultural institutions. Dr. Felipe O. Cevallos from Bicol became the first Filipino principal, followed by Pedro Montellano who was on special detail from the Department of Agricultural Education, College of Agriculture, UP in 1923, and by Sabino Q. Ami who opened the secondary Home Economics curriculum in 1930. Agapito Buenaventura came next and was succeeded by Eulogio Acuňa whose term was interrupted by the war in 1941.
The CFS was later named Catarman Agricultural School (CAS), which was proposed by Representative Pedro Mendiola of Catarman, raising its status to Insular Provincial, and subsequently making it the Catarman Agricultural High School (CAHS).
In 1946 Congressman Agripino Escareal and Senate President Jose Avelino Sr. worked for the complete nationalization of the school. Thus in 1950 the school’s name was once more changed to the Catarman National Agricultural High School (CNAHS).
With the rapid growth of knowledge and the urgent call for scientific and technological involvement of schools in rebuilding a nation, Samar Congressman Eladio Balite of Bobon, Northern Samar sponsored House Bill 6559 creating the Samar Institute of Technology (SIT), which Pres. Carlos P. Garcia signed into R.A. 1434. With Senators Gil Puyat and Decoroso Rosales and Congressman Balite, SIT was inaugurated on September 7, 1958. The first and only President of SIT was Colonel Emeterio Asinas (Ret.) of Catubig, Northern Samar. It was in his term that the Our Lady of the Miraculous Medal Chapel (which houses the University chaplain) and the UEP Centre for Culture and Pageantry (commonly known as the R.A.B. Amphitheatre) were founded. When he retired on March 4, 1963, Prof. Toribio G. Sorio of Bobon, Northern Samar, Executive Vice President, took over as officer-in-charge until SIT became a university.
In response to the pressing need for manpower development necessary for the upliftment of the socio-economic condition of the service area, House Bill 4050, sponsored by Congressman Eladio T. Balite, was signed by President Diosdado Macapagal on June 20, 1964 converting SIT into the University of Eastern Philippines (UEP). UEP is mandated to "primarily give technical and professional training, advanced instruction in literature, philosophy, the sciences and the arts, besides providing for the promotion of scientific and technological researches." The elevation of the school to a university status has, in fact, paved the way towards dramatic increase in its academic, research, and extension programs as well as the creation of additional colleges, institutes, centers, and offices.
UEP's first president was Dr. Narciso N. Pepito of Cebu who assumed office on January 24, 1966. The Veterinary Medicine Building, Science Building, extensions of the Farm Shop and Machinery Building, the Brackish Water fishpond, former College of Education Building, and the University Research Center were among the completed projects prior to President Pepito's retirement in May 1976.
Before Pres. Pepito’s successor was named, the Head Executive Assistant, Atty Sergio Gelera, Sr. of Catarman, World War II hero of Calbayog, became the OIC. He was responsible for opening graduate programs.
From November 1977-November 1983, Dr. Aurora Balite Merida, of Bobon, Northern Samar was appointed as the second president. Her time was when the Australians descended upon Samar for the Northern Samar Integrated Rural Development Project (NSIRDP) and linkages with outside agencies took the form of allowing hectares of lands for the NSIRDP’s and these agencies’ use.
Between the end of President Merida’s term and the appointment of the next president, the CBA Dean, Dr. Gerardo Delorino, became the OIC.
In 1985, Dr. Andres F. Celestino, by birth from Nueva Ecija but a Samareño at heart because of marriage and residence, became the 3rd UEP President. A diploma graduate (With Distinction) of the University of Reading, England, he spent more time supervising classes, projects, and construction works. His one consuming, overriding passion: real high quality education informed by research, effective teachers and selective admission and retention.
He put up the Institute for Agricultural and Rural Development (IARD), the NSIRDP-ADAB-founded NORSARC, and the UEP Research and Development Foundation with the research grants from the IDRC, Canada; PCMARD and PhilRice. He applied for UEP’s membership in the Association of Asian Agricultural Colleges and Universities (AAACU).
Towards the end of the project, the NSIRDP equipped the Crop and Livestock Diagnostic Laboratory with sophisticated scientific equipment for the Biology Laboratory. The NSIRDP, too, turned over its duck dispersal program and the residences of the Australian nationals to the school.
When President Celestino was gunned down in office on April 5, 1990, Dr. Leonor A. Ong Sotto, then Vice President for Academic Affairs, took over UEP’s helm.
On November 15, 1990, Dr.Pedro D. Destura a UEP and UPLB alumnus from Urdaneta, Lavezares, Northern Samar became its 4th President.
With President Destura’s win-win solutions to problems, he succeeded in enhancing UEP’s educational opportunities and in reinvigorating the University’s Faculty Development Program, which gave rise to a number of PhDs and MAs.
UEP became a Learning Center for the UP Open University, the Regional Science Teaching Center (RSTC) for the non-science and non-mathematics teachers in the elementary and high schools in Region VIII for the Department of Science and Technology (DOST), and the DOE’s extension arm in the promotion, development and utilization of new and renewable energy technologies and systems in Eastern Visayas via the UEP Affiliated Renewable Energy Center (AREC).
In 1999 the Pedro Rebadulla Memorial Agricultural College (PRMAC) and the Laoang National Trade School (LNTS), formerly CHED-supervised institutions, were integrated into the University. Since then, they have been operating as UEP PRMC Catubig Campus and UEP-Laoang Campus under the UEP System. After 17 years of service, Dr. Destura left UEP On February 11, 2007.
Prior to the selection of a regular successor, the Board of Regents appointed Dr. Milagros Esparrago, Chief Education Program Specialist of CHED Regional Office V, as UEP’s Officer-in-Charge.
On June 15, 2007 in Tacloban City, Atty Mar P. De Asis of Catubig, Northern Samar took his oath of office as the 5th president of the university. A Doctor of Philosophy in Educational Management, he is the second UEP alumnus to occupy the University’s highest position.
Atty de Asis brings to the post his sterling achievement as dean of the College of Law for fourteen years. Under his stewardship, UEP’s College of Law consistently placed among the top law schools all over the country. His 13 years experience with the Development Bank of the Philippines and as a lawyer is paying off well in managing and operating the university.
He assumed the position at a young age of 48, but because he has the drive to excel and the discipline of working at the DBP, coupled with his natural ability to lead, he revolutionalized UEP’s management. Within his first term of office, he was able to lead the university to its desired direction. He is presently serving his second term as UEP President.
The University of Eastern Philippines takes pride and honor for being the lone comprehensive and the biggest state university in the entire Eastern Visayas region, catering to the human resources and socio-economic development of its service area through the years. As an old but dynamic institution of higher learning, it has gone through significant stages of development until it finally attained a university status and became one of the nationally known higher education institutions in the country.
Legal basis.
UEP is mandated, through Republic Act No. 4126, to "primarily give technical and professional training, advanced instruction in literature, philosophy, the sciences and the arts, besides providing for the promotion of scientific and technological researches and democratic access to education to poor but deserving students, not only in Northern Samar, but also in other parts of the country."
Campuses and Academics.
UEP has three campuses: Main Campus in Catarman, Laoang Campus in Laoang, and Catubig Campus in Catubig. 
The following colleges, school and institute comprise the Main Campus:
The Main Campus also has laboratory schools for both elementary and secondary levels.
Accreditation.
As of December 31, 2012, over forty degree programs of the University of Eastern Philippines have been accredited or submitted for accreditation to the Accrediting Agency of Chartered Colleges and Universities in the Philippines (AACCUP). These programs and their corresponding accreditation level or status are:
Affiliations.
To reinforce academic-based activities, regular training programs are offered by institutes that have been established as extension arms chiefly intended for capability-building of its target clientele. For instance, the Regional Science Teaching Center has been offering short training courses in mathematics, biology, chemistry, and physics for elementary and secondary school teachers in Eastern Visayas. The Affiliated Non-conventional Energy Centre promotes non-conventional energy systems and provides training and demonstration projects in priority areas of Samar Island. The Information Technology-Electronic Data and Internet Centre provides trainings on computer literacy and internet services aimed at providing students and faculty members an unlimited source of research materials and other educational information. The Northern Samar Agro-Industrial Research and Fabrication Center, in coordination with the College of Agriculture, focuses on research and manufacture of prototype farm equipment.
Media.
The University, through the College of Arts and Communication, runs the UNICEF-funded dyNS 102.9 FM radio station, commonly known Huni. The University student newspaper, The Pillar, is published monthly and is publicly available.

</doc>
<doc id="20633725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633725" title="Dan Bullock">
Dan Bullock

Private First Class Dan Bullock (December 21, 1953 - June 7, 1969) was the youngest American serviceman killed in action during the Vietnam War.
Biography.
Dan Bullock was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He lived in North Carolina until he was about 13, when his mother died and he and his younger sister, Gloria, moved to Brooklyn to live with their father and his wife. There he dreamed of becoming a pilot, or police officer, or U.S. Marine. When he was 14 years old he altered the date on his birth certificate to show he was born December 21, 1949, processed through the recruiting station, and enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps on September 18, 1968. As a member of Platoon 3039 in Parris Island, he graduated from boot camp on December 10, 1968.
Bullock arrived in Vietnam on May 18, 1969 and was assigned as a rifleman in 2nd Squad, 2nd Platoon, Fox Company, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division. He was stationed at An Hoa Combat Base in Quang Nam Province. He was killed instantly by small arms fire on June 7, 1969, during a North Vietnamese Army night attack while making an ammunition run to resupply his beleaguered unit. He was 15 years old.
Honors.
On June 7, 2003 a section of Lee Avenue in Brooklyn, where Bullock lived since age 11, was renamed in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20633727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633727" title="Depredation">
Depredation

Depredation may refer to
a military raid
damage to agriculture attributed to animals regarded as pests

</doc>
<doc id="20633759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633759" title="S-duct">
S-duct

An S-duct is a type of jet engine intake duct, used in several types of trijet aircraft. In this configuration, the intake is in the upper rear center of the aircraft, above or below the stabilizer, while the exhaust and engine is at the rear of the aircraft. The S-duct is located in the tail, or empennage, of the aircraft. The shape of the S-duct is distinctive and easily recognized, and was used in several aircraft, beginning in 1962 with the Hawker Siddeley Trident. Currently, the Dassault Falcon 7X and Dassault Falcon 900 business jets, and the Tupolev Tu-154M narrow-body airliner in limited production, are the only aircraft in production that use the S-duct design.
Benefits and drawbacks.
The S-duct was invented as a solution for positioning the central engine on trijets. The S-duct was easier to service than alternative trijet designs. Most trijet designs opted for the S-duct layout. Only the DC-10 and MD-11 trijets chose not to use the S-duct and go with a "straight-through" layout. The straight-through layout leaves the engine high above the ground, making access difficult. The straight layout also increases total aircraft drag by 2–4%.
Compared to an "in tail" design like on the DC-10 and MD-11, the S-duct allows a shorter fin and a rudder closer to the longitudinal axis.
On the L-1011, engineers were able to maintain straight-through engine performance by limiting the curve of the S-duct to less than 25% of the radius of the engine intake diameter. The S-duct design also reduced the total empty aircraft weight. The research undertaken during the design of the L-1011 indicated that losses of using an S-duct were more than compensated for by the above savings. 
The S-shaped duct is a complicated and costly design. Since modern jet engines have more power and reliability than those of the 1970s, and can safely power the aircraft with only two engines, the trijet design has currently fallen out of favour.
List of S-duct aircraft.
Aircraft currently built with S-ducts are the:
Aircraft previously built with S-ducts, but no longer in production, are the:
The Boeing 747-300 Trijet was designed with an S-duct layout, but never built.[http://rides.webshots.com/photo/2162379980048918155wRzLzH]

</doc>
<doc id="20633764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633764" title="They Call Me Carpenter">
They Call Me Carpenter

They Call Me Carpenter: A Tale of the Second Coming is a novel written by Upton Sinclair in 1922 that exposed the new and upcoming culture of 1920's Southern California, namely Hollywood. Sinclair does this by using Jesus, or Carpenter as Sinclair calls him, as a literary figure.
Story Premise.
The story takes place in the fictional city of Western City. It begins with a man named Billy who is attacked by a mob outside a theater after watching a German film. Billy then stumbles into a church and is visited by Carpenter, that is Jesus, who walks out of a stained glass window. Carpenter is shocked and appalled by upper-class culture. The story then roughly follows the biblical account of the Ministry of Jesus. In the end, Carpenter decides to escape the corroded culture by jumping back into the stained glass window whence he came.

</doc>
<doc id="20633778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633778" title="Journal of Social, Political, and Economic Studies">
Journal of Social, Political, and Economic Studies

The Journal of Social, Political, and Economic Studies () is a journal published by Scott-Townsend Publishers (The Council for Social and Economic Studies), that also publishes the "Mankind Quarterly". It was founded by eugenicist Roger Pearson, who had previously founded the Neo-nazi organization Northern League and originally published by his Council for American Affairs, an American representative in the World Anti Communist League.

</doc>
<doc id="20633797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633797" title="The Vogues Sing the Good Old Songs">
The Vogues Sing the Good Old Songs

The Vogues Sing the Good Old Songs "and Other Hits" was the final album by The Vogues with the original members. 
Track listing.
† Medley includes bits of "Donna" (Ritchie Valens), "Since I Fell for You" (Buddy Johnson), "I Miss You So" (Jimmy Henderson, Sydney Robin), "So This Is Love" (Steve Howard) and "Goodnight My Love" (George Motola, John Marascalco)

</doc>
<doc id="20633825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633825" title="Jacques Perrier">
Jacques Perrier

Jacques Perrier is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20633829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633829" title="Change (Killing Joke song)">
Change (Killing Joke song)

Change is a song by Killing Joke, that first appeared on the US release of their debut album, "Killing Joke" (1980). A very limited edition of 300 copies was given away on 17 March 1980 at the Peel Sessions. The B-side was "Tomorrow's World", also off Killing Joke's debut album. In September that year "Change" was released on the B-side of the single "Requiem".
Change: 1992 Remix.
"Change" was remixed in 1992. "Change: The Spiral Tribe Mix" was released as a 12" vinyl and a CD Maxi single under E'G Records, and there was also a cassette version. "Change: The Youth Mixes" was the third release of "Change". It was released as a CD Maxi single under Virgin Records. The title goes hand-in-hand with who mixed "Change" and "Requiem", being Martin Glover, who, by this time, would soon make a return with Killing Joke in 1993, in time to record their album, "Pandemonium". 
The remixes of "Change" were engineered by John Brough, and the remixes of "Requiem" were engineered by Chris Potter.

</doc>
<doc id="20633831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633831" title="Per Oscarsson">
Per Oscarsson

Per Oscar Heinrich Oscarsson (28 January 1927 – 31 December 2010) was a Swedish actor.
Early life.
Oscarsson was born, along with his twin brother Björn, on 28 January 1927 on Kungsholmen, Stockholm. The twins had two elder siblings. Their mother, who was German, died in 1933.
Career.
Oscarsson was best known for his role as Pontus, a starving writer, in the social realism drama "Hunger", based on the Knut Hamsun novel by the same name, a role for which he won the 1966 Bodil, the Guldbagge Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the 1966 Cannes Film Festival best actor awards. His most recent film role was as Holger Palmgren, the character Lisbeth Salander's publicly appointed guardian, in the 2009 movies "The Girl Who Played with Fire" and "The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest", based on Stieg Larsson's famous novels.
Death.
A fire started in the house of Oscarsson and his wife Kia Östling on the night of 30/31 December. On , a relative found the house burned to the ground with only the foundations and chimney remaining. Oscarsson had not been heard from since the fire. A body was discovered in the ruins of the house on , and was presumed by police to be either the body of Oscarsson or that of his wife. A second body was discovered on , which increased the possibility that both Oscarsson and his wife had perished in the fire. On , the deaths of Oscarsson and his wife were confirmed through dental records by Swedish police.

</doc>
<doc id="20633862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633862" title="Mubarak Wadela">
Mubarak Wadela

Mubarak Wadela Balochi (ملامبارک وادیلا) is the principal Kauhda or head man of Kulanch, Balochistan, Pakistan. He lives in Nokbur, and is one of the most influential men in the Kech District.
Mengal by origin, his ancestors having migrated from Wad. He is married to the daughter of Mulla Khudadad, the Headman of the Rais of Turbut. He, in turn, married Mulla Mubarak's mother on her first husband's death. These two men were largely responsible for the troubles which took place in 1898, and were among the chief advisers of Mir Mehrab Khan Gichki. 
Mulla Mubarak holds his land revenue-free from both the Gichkis and Khan, in virtue of his position, and for the assistance he provides during the collection of Kulanch revenue. In addition he also receives an allowance of Rs.40 per mensem from the makran revenues. He ranks next to the Kauhda of Dasht, and is the second most supporter of the sardar of Kech District.

</doc>
<doc id="20633866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633866" title="Youmail">
Youmail

YouMail is an independent visual voicemail provider, providing phone users with a voicemail system independent of their traditional wireless or landline carriers. Standard features of independent voicemail providers include webmail-like voicemail access and voicemail-to-text transcriptions.
YouMail originally started out as a multi-platform visual voicemail solution, with the novel feature of personal greetings, where users could create different greetings for callers based on their incoming caller id. The company primarily marketed its cell phone greetings in 2007 from celebrities such as Katt Williams.
Over time, the company shifted to become more of a business productivity tool, including features such as voicemail transcriptions in 2008, and to building visual voicemail applications for various smart phones.
YouMail has visual voicemail apps for the Android and iPhone. The company announced they've stopped supporting new updates for BlackBerry devices. Third party developers have taken advantage of their API to create apps for other platforms, such as MagikMail for Windows Phone.
YouMail is the standard voicemail that comes with all cell phones from Blue Wireless, iSmart Mobile, and VoicePulse. The company's app is also preloaded or recommended by other carriers including Viaero Wireless and RedPocketMobile.
YouMail has also expanded their lineup of apps by offering WhoAreYou for Android, which enhances their visual voicemail app by adding call and txt blocking and real-time reverse lookups on incoming calls and sms messages.
YouMail's registered user base has grown to over three million registered users, and the service has answered over two billion calls on behalf of its users.

</doc>
<doc id="20633868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633868" title="Marlene Mungunda">
Marlene Mungunda

Marlene Mungunda (born 11 September 1954 in Mariental, Hardap Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Mungunda served as Minister of Gender Equality and Child Welfare from March 2005 to December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20633872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633872" title="Hart Leavitt">
Hart Leavitt

Hart Leavitt (December 19, 1809–1881) was a Massachusetts merchant, landowner, legislator and prominent abolitionist. Leavitt was the brother of Roger Hooker Leavitt, with whom he operated an Underground Railroad station in Charlemont, Massachusetts, where the two brothers, aided by a third sibling in New York, the reformer and abolitionist publisher Joshua Leavitt, sheltered escaped slaves on their journey northward. The Massachusetts homes of Hart Leavitt and his brother Roger Hooker are both listed today on the National Park Service's Underground Railroad Network to Freedom.
Biography.
Hart Leavitt was born in Heath, Massachusetts in 1809, the son of landowner and Massachusetts legislator Roger Leavitt and his wife Chloe (Maxwell) Leavitt, and the grandson of Charlemont's first minister, Congregationalist Rev. Jonathan Leavitt, who was eventually turned out by the town for his Loyalist sentiments. Hart Leavitt graduated from Hopkins Academy, which his brother Roger Hooker Leavitt attended as well. The rest of his life he devoted to his substantial business affairs, handling his family's landholdings and serving in the town, county and state government. Leavitt eventually relocated to nearby Greenfield, where his uncle Jonathan Leavitt was a well-known judge. Hart Leavitt operated a store next door to his uncle Jonathan's law office. The store was the location for Greenfield's first newspaper and post office.
In October 1835 Hart Leavitt, along with brothers Roger Hooker and Joshua, attended a state convention held in Utica, New York, that was sponsored by the Utica Anti-Slavery Society. The convention's stated aim was to organize the New York State Anti-Slavery Society. Hart Leavitt was one of a handful of delegates from outside New York. The convention was marred by violence by pro-slavery factions. Hart Leavitt's brother was already a fervent abolitionist, and following graduation from Yale Law School and Yale Divinity School, Rev. Joshua Leavitt had left both professions for the role of full-time editor of abolitionist and social reform publications including "The Emancipator".
In December 1836 the Franklin County Anti-Slavery was formed, tying together the strands of regional abolitionist sentiment. Merchant Hart Leavitt was a representative to the meeting. By 1840 Hart's father Roger was president of the Franklin County Anti-Slavery Society, and a co-founder with his son Joshua of the American & Foreign Anti-Slavery Society. That year Roger Leavitt, Hart's father, accepted the nomination of the newly formed Massachusetts Liberty Party to run for state Lieutenant Governor on an abolitionist ticket. Hart Leavitt's mother Chloe had begun circulating a petition demanding the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Hart Leavitt seems to have been increasingly politically active from the mid-1830s onward. By the late 1830 Hart Leavitt was using his Charlemont farm as an Underground Railroad station, shuttling a succession of fugitive former slaves, the most prominent of whom was Basil Dorsey, whom the Leavitt family (the three brothers and their father) sheltered and hid from pro-slavery forces. Dorsey lived with the family for over five years, during which time he apparently moved from one family home to another, hidden in plain sight. Leavitt also sheltered other slaves on their way to Canada, and Leavitt's underground activities were extensive enough to prompt Ohio State University historian Wilbur Siebert to list Leavitt as an operator of the Franklin County underground network, calling the merchant "a sturdy abolitionist who did all he could to help slaves gain their freedom."
Hart Leavitt served as a Selectman for several years for the town of Heath, a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, as well as a Justice of the Peace and Franklin County Commissioner from Charlemont during his later life. Hart Leavitt also served the town of Charlemont as a Selectman during the Civil War. He married in 1831 Mary Miller, daughter of Rev. Moses Miller of Heath. The couple had six children: sons Edward Hart, Joseph Ware, Joshua, Roger, Spencer Miller; and daughter Mary. The home of Hart and Mary Leavitt, located outside Charlemont, is listed on the National Park Service's Network to Freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="20633879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633879" title="Ida Ehre">
Ida Ehre

Ida Ehre (9 July 1900 in Přerov, Moravia – 16 February 1989 in Hamburg) was an Austrian-German actress and theatre director and manager.
Biography.
Ehre’s father was a hazzan. She learned acting at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna. She made her acting debut at the Stadttheater in Bielitz, and appeared in theatres in Budapest, Cottbus, Bonn, Königsberg, Stuttgart and at the National Theatre Mannheim. From 1930, she appeared at the Lessing Theater in Berlin.
In Nazi Germany, she was not allowed to work as an actress because she was Jewish, and so she helped in the gynaecolological practice of her husband, Dr. Bernhard Heyde (1899–1978), in Böblingen. After the Kristallnacht, she planned to emigrate to Chile with her husband and her daughter Ruth (born 20 October 1927 in Mannheim), but the ship they were on was ordered to return to Hamburg because of the outbreak of World War II. She was later arrested by the Gestapo and interned in the concentration camp Fuhlsbüttel for six weeks.
After the war, on 10 December 1945 she opened the Hamburger Kammerspiele theatre in the Hartungstraße in Rotherbaum in a theatre building that had been used by the Jüdischer Kulturbund until 1941. In addition to modern German drama such as Wolfgang Borchert‘s ‘’The Man Outside’’ (German: ‘’Draußen vor der Tür’’), she brought modern pieces by playwrights from other countries for the first time in Germany, including plays by Jean Anouilh, T. S. Eliot, Jean Giraudoux, Jean-Paul Sartre and Thornton Wilder. She continued managing the theatre until her death from a heart attack in 1989.
After her death, she was given an honorary grave in Ohlsdorf Cemetery next to Gustaf Gründgens.
Honours.
In 1971, she was a member of the jury at the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
In 1984, she became the first female honorary citizen of Hamburg. She was also made an honorary doctor by the University of Hamburg. In 1971, she won the . In 1984, she received the Silberne Blatt (silver leaf) of the (dramatists' union).
In the "Altstadt" suburb of Hamburg, part of the square, Gerhart-Hauptmann-Platz, named after Gerhart Hauptmann, was renamed Ida-Ehre-Platz in 2000. In 2001, the Jahn-Schule in Eimsbüttel, Hamburg was renamed the Ida-Ehre-Gesamtschule following a second vote after a first vote had preferred the name Gesamtschule am Grindel.

</doc>
<doc id="20633888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633888" title="Sigma Eta Chi">
Sigma Eta Chi

Sigma Eta Chi was a national sorority operating in the United States.
History.
At Ohio State University in 1923, fourteen female students chartered a sorority for Congregational women. The purpose of the sorority was "to form a social unit in which spiritual and intellectual development might advance in harmony" (Baird's, p. 336). The sorority grew to include six chapters by 1930:
Alpha, Ohio State University
Beta, University of Michigan
Gamma, University of Washington
Delta, University of Kansas
Epsilon, University of Nebraska
Zeta, Oregon State College
In 1928, plans were solidified for the sorority to become a national organization. A national constitution was written. National officers were elected. The first national convention took place in June of the same year (Baird's, p. 336).
Success and Demise.
While the date of dissolution is not known, the sorority thrived well into the middle twentieth century. A chapter in Ames, Iowa was meeting in 1948 (Ames Public Library). The Royal Purple Yearbook (Kansas State) of 1948 not only notes the growth of its chapter, but also a special ceremony called Luchnokaia. The yearbook describes the service as happening during one Sunday in Lent. Each member lit a candle from seven candles- the seven representing the seven "great guiding lights" of Christianity. Each member left the church "pledging to live a more consecrated life" (p. 158). The Cornhusker Yearbook of 1958 (Nebraska) lists the president of the sorority (p. 372).
The records of the University of Northern Iowa indicate that Sigma Eta Chi was classified as a Congregational sorority well into the 1950s. However, in the early 1970s, a group with the same name is listed as a service sorority.
Insignia.
Baird's (p. 336) described the badge as "a lighted candle in a candlestick with a ruby set for the flame, the letters 'Σ H X', on a background of blue enamel with a border of white or yellow gold set with white or blue stones; the letters being arranged vertically to the right of the candle".
The pledge pin was "a lighted candle in a candlestick, cast in silver" (Baird's, p. 336). 
The official colors were azure blue and silver. 
The official flowers were the rose and blue larkspur. 
The official publication, Luchnokaia, was published thrice yearly.

</doc>
<doc id="20633973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633973" title="Moina">
Moina

Moina is a genus of crustaceans within the family Moinidae. The genus was first described by W. Baird in 1850. This genus demonstrates the ability to survive in waters containing high salinity and other impurities, including salt pans. An example of such an extreme habitat is the highly saline Makgadikgadi Pans of Botswana, which supports the species "Moina belli" prolifically.
Species.
"Moina" contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20633976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633976" title="Shenjiying">
Shenjiying

The Shenjiying () was one of the three elite military divisions of the Ming Dynasty stationed around the capital Beijing. Its name has been variously rendered as Firearms Division, Artillery Camp, Shen-chi Camp, and Firearm Brigade.
Established in the reign of the Yongle Emperor (1360–1434), its main purpose was the research and training in the use of firearms. The divine engine division provided half of General Qi Jiguang's army with firearms and one cannon to every twelve soldiers, considerably high amongst other contemporary armies. The other two divisions were the Five Barracks Division (五軍營; Wu-chun ying), which drilled infantry in tactical manoeuvres and the Three Thousand Division (三千營; San-ch'ien ying), where hired Mongol instructors taught reconnaissance, mounted combat and signalling. Under the Yongle Emperor, Annam was invaded, allowing the Divine Engine Division to employ native Chinese and a large number of Annamese instructors to provide training. Firearms equipped included guns, the fire pistol, the fire lance, fire arrows, cannons, the arquebus and later, matchlock guns.
Qing Dynasty.
During the Qing dynasty (1644–1912), a military unit also called Shenjiying but known in English as the Peking Field Force was created in 1862 and put in charge of military protection of the Forbidden City. It was equipped with western modern weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="20633996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20633996" title="Rocky Stone (baseball)">
Rocky Stone (baseball)

John Vernon "Rocky" Stone (August 23, 1918 – November 12, 1986) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Stone played for the Cincinnati Reds in . In 13 career games, he had a 0–1 record, with a 4.38 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Stone was born in Redding, California, and died in Fountain Valley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20634004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634004" title="Planalto Military Command">
Planalto Military Command

The Planalto Military Command is one of seven Military Commands of the Brazilian Army. The Planalto Military Command or ""Comando Militar do Planalto"" (CMP) is responsible for the defence of the states of Tocantins and Goiás and the Federal District with the capital Brasília.

</doc>
<doc id="20634013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634013" title="Ethiopian general election, 1995">
Ethiopian general election, 1995

General elections were held in Ethiopia on 7 and 18 May 1995 for seats in its Council of People's Representatives; elections in the Afar, Somali, and Harari Regions were delayed until 28 June to assign experienced personnel who could solve possible conflicts and irregularities. Although this was the first multi-party election in Ethiopia, several opposition parties boycotted the election. The parties boycotting the election included the All-Amhara People's Organization, Council of Alternative Forces for Peace and Democracy in Ethiopia, and Ethiopian Democratic Unity Party.
Background.
After President Mengistu Haile Mariam fled the country, a national conference in July 1991 led to the creation of the Transitional Government of Ethiopia (TGE). The TGE's main goal was to establish a Constitution for a federal republic, as well as create orderly elections for the legislative arm of that republic. On 5 January 1995, the National Election Board of Ethiopia (NEBE) set the date for the general elections which would mark the end of the transition, for May of that year.
Observers considered it a foregone conclusion that the majority of the 547 seats in the House of People's Representatives would be won by the ruling coalition known as the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF), which had assumed power after overthrowing President Mengistu and had been the dominant force in the TGE. Primary opposition came from the small Ethiopian National Democratic Party, led by Nebiyu Samuel. Four of the seven national parties boycotted the poll, alleging unequal conditions for the various contending groups. Despite this, one source states as many as 2871 candidates competed for seats, although the NEBE reported 2741 candidates competed, consisting of 1881 people from 58 political organizations, mostly components of the EPRDF, and 960 independent candidates.
To handle the millions of citizens who came to cast their votes, 40,000 polling stations were opened. In addition to local observers Britain, the United States, Italy, France, Sweden, Belgium, Austria, the Netherlands, Spain, Canada, Finland, Norway, and Russia provided observers and the Organization of African Unity deployed 81 observers. The election process was reported to be peaceful with a high turnout in most polling stations throughout the country. Despite this impression of civil behavior, candidates of the Silte People's Democratic Unity Party were harassed, beaten, and prohibited from travelling; Dr. Asrat Woldeyes, secretary-general of the All-Amhara People's Organization, was arrested, convicted and sentenced to two years imprisonment for being at a meeting at which armed activities against the TGE were allegedly discussed; and officials of the Ethiopian Democratic Unity Party were arrested in Gondar and Bahir Dar.
Results.
The EPRDF and its allies won 471 of the 547 seats in the Council, with other parties and independents taking the remaining 75 seats. Most of these seats won by other parties were in "frontier regions" – Afar, Somali, Gambela, Benishagul-Gumuz, and Harar – which were allocated 57 seats. "Competitions in these frontier regions tended to be extremely complicated," notes Lyon, who records such incidents as two brothers who, at one point, offered different candidate lists for the Afar Liberation Front.

</doc>
<doc id="20634027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634027" title="Ismaning station">
Ismaning station

Ismaning station is a tunnel station on the Munich S-Bahn in the town of Ismaning in the northeast area of Munich, Germany. It is served by line S 8.
History.
Until 1992 the former above-ground station was the terminus of the old S 3 line from Nannhofen via Munich-Pasing – Munich Hauptbahnhof – Munich Ostbahnhof to Ismaning. Originally it was intended to extend the line to the Franz Josef Strauss Airport by running the present-day S 8 above ground through the district. After local protests it was decided to lay the S-Bahn route from the southern edge of the district to Osterfeldstrasse in a tunnel. The tunnel station was built at the same spot as the old station and was opened on 17 May 1992. The delay in constructing the S-Bahn link had no negative impact on the airport, because its construction was postponed by legal disputes.
Until 20 November 2005 Ismaning station was, apart from the tunnel station at the airport, the only underground S-Bahn station outside the main S-Bahn line in Munich. Since 21 November 2005 Unterföhring station has also been underground.

</doc>
<doc id="20634030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634030" title="Willow Foundation">
Willow Foundation

The Willow Foundation is a national charity established in 1999 by Arsenal footballer and BBC sports commentator Bob Wilson and his wife Megs as a lasting memorial to their daughter, Anna, who died of cancer aged 31. It is the only national charity to provide psychological and emotional support for seriously ill 16 to 40 year olds through the provision of special day experiences. 
Every special day aims to provide beneficiaries and their loved ones with a break from the realities of their diagnosis and treatment and the inspiration to make the most out of life. At a time of uncertainty, spending quality time with family and friends can help restore a sense of normality, boost confidence and create precious memories for the future.
To date, Willow has provided more than 9,500 special days for young adults living with life-threatening conditions including cancer, motor neurone disease, cystic fibrosis and Huntington’s disease. 2013 will see the 10,000th Special Day that Willow has been privileged to provide. The importance of having something positive to look forward to at such a difficult time cannot be overestimated and provides memories and motivation for the beneficiaries and those close to them. 
The charity receives no government or lottery funding and is totally reliant on the generosity of individuals, companies and trusts to fund its work. Among donors and supporters have been Pat Jennings OBE KSG, Natasha Kaplinsky, DJ Tim Westwood and Bob Finch and Michael Holland's Oil Aid.
Stars on Canvas.
Stars on Canvas was a high profile charity event held in December 2008 and again in 2010 involving numerous famous celebrities, sports personalities, artists, actors and comedians. Each star was asked to create an art image on canvas that portrayed aspects of their personality and character. The event is was again successfully in 2012 - with a press night and public showing at Maddox Arts Gallery in London. Mo Farrah's canvas fetched over £2,000 alone.
Among the celebrities who donated their art were actors Lord Attenborough, John Hurt and Jude Law, artists Peter Blake, Tracy Emin, Karen Burt, Sara Abbott, and Jamie McCartney, comedians Michael "Atters" Attree, Steve Coogan, Matt Lucas, Catherine Tate and London Mayor Boris Johnson
This year (2013) will see Willow present Sports Wave - a series of paintings depicting the UK's top sports stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20634031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634031" title="1934–35 New York Rangers season">
1934–35 New York Rangers season

The 1934–35 New York Rangers season was the ninth season for the team in the National Hockey League. During the regular season, the Rangers finished in third place in the American Division with 50 points, and qualified for the playoffs. In the first round of the playoffs, the Rangers defeated the Montreal Canadiens in a two-game total goal series, 6–5, to advance to the NHL semi-finals. There, New York lost 5–4 in another two-game total goal series to the Montreal Maroons.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20634073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634073" title="David Weeks Studio">
David Weeks Studio

David Weeks founded New York-based David Weeks Studio in 1996. Since its inception, the Studio has created products for commercial and residential uses, from desk lamps and home accessories to floor lamps, chandeliers, mobiles, lounge seating and custom retail, commercial and residential lighting installations. 
The Studio’s recent projects include Sculpt, a new upholstered collection and Sarus, a new lighting collection for Ralph Pucci; updated Semana chairs for Habitat UK; and new consumer products for Areaware and Kikkerland.
David Weeks Studio’s custom designs for lighting, furniture, sculpture and interiors have been commissioned for projects at Barneys New York, Kate Spade, Saks Fifth Avenue, MGM Grand Las Vegas, Hard Rock Hotel Las Vegas, Bliss Spa, Brasserie NYC, and The W Hotels, among others.
Publications.
David Weeks Studio has received media attention from all over the world. Weeks’s work has been featured in such publications as "Dwell", "Architectural Digest", "Interior Design", "Harper’s Bazaar", "Wallpaper*", "W", "I.D.", and "Elle Decor". His work has also been featured in the following books:
Popular culture.
David Weeks Studio lighting is featured in the apartment of Serena van der Woodsen, a character in the dramatic series Gossip Girl on The CW Television Network.
The Studio's lighting was also prominently featured in the 2007 film, Interview starring Steve Buscemi and Sienna Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="20634078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634078" title="The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood">
The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood

"The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood" is a novella for children by the American writer Mildred S. Flaherty based on events of the Pittsburgh Flood of 1936 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Set in March, the Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio Rivers are rising. Eleven-year-old Billy Flynn and his seven-year-old brother Tommy are happy when school is cancelled. The boys' excitement soon turns to fear and awe as the rivers overflow their banks and people are forced to flee from their homes and work. Soon they experience life as they've never known it, discovering real courage and honor along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="20634089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634089" title="Alida van der Anker-Doedens">
Alida van der Anker-Doedens

Alida "Lida" van der Anker-Doedens (born July 28, 1922) is a Dutch sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at London in 1948. She was born in Rolde.

</doc>
<doc id="20634094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634094" title="National Pro-Life Religious Council">
National Pro-Life Religious Council

The National Pro-Life Religious Council (NPRC) is a Christian coalition representing numerous Christian pro-life denominations and organizations in the United States. 
Its goal is to promote the view that Christianity is a pro-life faith "which acknowledges Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior and is called to affirm and witness to the Biblical standard of the value, dignity, and sanctity of human life." The organization was started in opposition to the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice (RCRC) and other similar organizations.
The NPRC seeks to educate Christians on what they believe to be the biblical basis of the sanctity of all human life from conception to natural death, also opposing euthanasia and stem-cell research. Its current president is Father Frank Pavone, who is also the National Director of Priests for Life, and its board meets quarterly in Washington, DC. The NPRC also sponsors educational conferences and funds the publication of pro-life books which promote the Christian pro-life message. It also publishes a quarterly newsletter called "Uniting for Life" which is sent to its contributing members on a quarterly basis.
The organization's current members include Anglicans for Life, Taskforce of United Methodists on Abortion and Sexuality, Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod, Lutherans for Life International, Faith and Action, the National Right to Life Committee, Priests for Life, Presbyterians Pro-Life and United Church of Christ Friends for Life.
Books.
The NPRC has also published the following books which explain its position on abortion (by date):
Stallsworth, Paul, ed.. "The Church and Abortion." Nashville, TN: Abington Press, 1993.
Stallsworth, Paul, ed.. "The Right Choice." Nashville, TN: Abington Press, 1997.
Stallsworth, Paul, ed.. "Thinking Theologically about Abortion." Anderson, IN: Bristol House, 2000.
Gorman, Michael, J. & Ann Loar Brooks. "Holy Abortion? A Theological Critique of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice." Eugene, OR: Wipf & Stock, 2003.
Di Mauro, Dennis R. "A Love for Life: Christianity's Consistent Protection of the Unborn." Eugene, OR: Wipf & Stock, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20634110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634110" title="1971 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1971 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1971 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1971. The team's head football coach was Vince Gibson. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium. 1971 saw the wildcats finish with a record of 5-6, and a 2-5 record in Big 8 play.
Schedule.
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20634115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634115" title="LEBU">
LEBU

In oceanographic instrumentation, LEBU (large eddy break-up) is a device for towed acoustic arrays. The purpose of the device is to reduce f noise around the towed array.
The LEBU includes two identical circumferential airfoils and two flat flanges. The flanges secure the device to a coupling on the towed acoustic array.
This is helpful when using sonar or Echo sounding.
The device is .

</doc>
<doc id="20634126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634126" title="FDIC Enterprise Architecture Framework">
FDIC Enterprise Architecture Framework

FDIC Enterprise Architecture Framework is the Enterprise Architecture framework of the United States Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). A lot of the current article is about the Enterprise Architecture Framework developed around 2005, and currently anno 2011 out-of-date.
Overview.
The FDIC's framework for implementing its Enterprise Architecture is based on Federal and industry best practices, including the Chief Information Officer (CIO) Council's Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework (FEAF) and the Zachman Framework for Enterprise Architecture. FDIC's framework has been tailored to emphasize security. The FDIC EA framework complies with the FEAF and highlights the importance of security to all other components of the architecture.
The FDIC EA framework includes five components. The first component, the Business Architecture, focuses on FDIC's business needs. The next three components, the Data Architecture, Applications Architecture, and Technical Infrastructure Architectures, focus on the technological capabilities that support the business and information needs. The final component, the Security Architecture, focuses on specific aspects of interest to the Corporation that span the enterprise and must be integral parts of all other architectures.
History.
Historically, Federal agencies have managed IT investments autonomously. Until the new millennium, there has been little incentive for agencies to partner to effectively reuse IT investments, share IT knowledge, and explore joint solutions. Starting in the second half of the 1990 a collective, government-wide effort, supported by the Federal CIO Council, utilizing the Federal Enterprise Architecture (FEA), has been undertaken in an effort to yield significant improvements in the management and reuse of IT investments, while improving services to citizens, and facilitating business relationships internally and externally. 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) first realized the value of Enterprise Architecture in 1997, when two business executives had to reconcile data that had come from different systems for a high-profile report to the banking industry. The FDIC's first EA blueprint was published in December 2002. 
In 2004 the FDIC received a 2004 Enterprise Architecture Excellence Award from the Zachman Institute for Framework Advancement (ZIFA) for its initiative to manage corporate data collaboratively.
EA framework topics.
FDIC EA framework.
The FDIC EA framework from 2005 included five components.
Future IT development.
The banking business model has become more complex, giving rise to financial instruments such as collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and structured investment vehicles (SIVs) to manage risk. These instruments have created greater dependencies between the domestic and international financial markets. Financial institutions must, therefore, strike a balance between regulatory, legislative and banker concerns while appropriately managing risk.
As cost savings are realized from a simplified IT environment and more efficient processes, the savings will be reinvested for IT improvements or accrue to the Corporation. This self-funding model is shown on the right.
Five-year technology roadmap.
The technology roadmap outlines the major initiatives for standardizing the IT environment and increasing IT’s efficiency and effectiveness over the next five years. The initiatives were determined by various sources including business-side IT roadmaps, executive management planning meetings, client planning sessions, and client year-end reviews. The three major initiatives identified are enterprise architecture, security and privacy programs, and fiscal discipline.
The enterprise architecture initiative will focus on simplifying the environment to ensure stable and economical performance for mission-critical applications. Simplifying the environment to decrease costs will include activities, such as decreasing the number of application systems and migrating applications off the mainframe. Efficiencies will also be gained by expanding capabilities for manipulating large data sets and storing traditional paper-based files electronically. The SOA service center will manage code (or services) for all development teams to discover and use, which will save time and costs in application development, testing and deployment.
The organization will continue to enhance IT security and privacy programs to address new and evolving risks by improving controls over sensitive data. In some cases, technology, such as scanning outgoing e-mail for sensitive information and encrypting removable storage devices, can mitigate potential risks. The other cornerstone of mitigating risk is educating employees of emerging security and privacy issues.
Lastly, in order to continue sound fiscal discipline and responsibility, the organization will establish IT baselines and metrics, study steady-state costs, manage service level agreements, and more judiciously choose new development projects. These three areas – enterprise architecture, security and privacy programs, and fiscal discipline – are shown below with the estimated time frames.

</doc>
<doc id="20634135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634135" title="Sugano Dam">
Sugano Dam

It was built in addition to the preexisting Kōdō Dam in order to satisfy an increase in the demand for suitable water transportation channels for industrial use. It was completed in 1965 and assumed a primary role in flood control and irrigation operations. 
The whole project accounted for the use of 328 ha of land, the relocation of 163 homes and the submersion of the village of Sugano, from which the dam takes its name.
As of 2008 its role in flood control has been largely replaced by another dam built in Iwakuni and is mostly used for water conservation and irrigation purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20634152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634152" title="Nancy Cordes">
Nancy Cordes

Nancy Cordes (née Weiner) is the CBS News congressional correspondent, based in Washington, D.C. She is a regular contributor to all CBS News programs and platforms. 
Early life and education.
Born Nancy Weiner in Los Angeles, Cordes grew up in Hawaii on the islands of Kauai and Oahu. She is a graduate of Punahou School in Honolulu and a Phi Beta Kappa and magna cum laude graduate of the University of Pennsylvania in 1995. Cordes received a master's degree in public policy at Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.
Professional.
Prior to joining CBS News in 2007, Cordes was an ABC News correspondent based in New York (2005-07), where she reported for all ABC News programs and covered many major news stories, including Hurricane Katrina, the war in Iraq, and the 2004 election. Before that, she was a Washington-based correspondent for NewsOne, the affiliate news service of ABC News (2003-04). Prior to joining ABC News, Cordes was a reporter for WJLA-TV in Washington, D.C. (1999-2003), where she covered the September 11 attack on the Pentagon, the 2000 Presidential race, the D.C.-area sniper attacks, and peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia. She began her career as a reporter for KHNL-TV in Honolulu (1995-97).
Personal life.
Cordes married in 2006. She currently resides in Washington, DC, with her husband, daughter, and son (her second child, to whom she gave birth on May 14, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20634158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634158" title="SS Empire Aden">
SS Empire Aden

SS "Empire Aden was a 7,308 ton steamship which was built in 1945 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT), she was sold in 1948 becoming Etivebank, and sold in 1956 and renamed Alcyone Fortune. In 1958 she was sold to Panama and renamed Northern Venture" serving until running aground off Okinawa in 1967.
History.
"Empire Addison" was built by Bartram & Sons Ltd, Sunderland and launched on 12 February 1945, being completed on 14 May. Initially she was managed by H Hogarth & Sons, but management passed to A Weir & Co in 1946. In 1948, she was sold to A Weir & Sons, and renamed "Etivebank", managed by A Vergottis. On 15 December 1950, "Etivebank" ran aground at Licata, Italy after an anchor chain broke in heavy weather. and went to her aid. On 23 February 1951, "Etivebank" was damaged in an incident involving the SS "Texas" in the Suez Canal. The owners of "Texas" were unsuccessfully sued for damages, a decision which was upheld on appeal.
In 1956, she was sold to Alcyone Shipping Co, London and renamed "Alcyone Fortune", serving for two years before being sold to the Pan Norse Steamship Co, Panama when she was reflagged and renamed "Northern Venture".
"Northern Venture" was managed by Wallem & Co, Hong Kong until 1966, when management passed to Wak Kwong & Co. On 9 June 1967, "Northern Venture" ran aground off Okinawa en route from Tsumuki to Manila. She broke in two and was declared a total loss. "Northern Venture" was sold for scrapping locally.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Aden" had the UK Official Number 180156 and used the Code Letters GDMK.

</doc>
<doc id="20634175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634175" title="Fritzi Schwingl">
Fritzi Schwingl

Friederike "Fritzi" Schwingl (born 28 July 1921) is an Austrian slalom and sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the mid-1950s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Canoeing career.
Schwingl won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-1 500 m: 1954, K-2 500 m: 1950) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1950, K-2 500 m: 1948).
She also won three medals in the folding K-1 event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold (1953) and two silvers (1949, 1951).
Legacy.
As of 2009, Schwingl is the only woman to medal at both the slalom and sprint canoeing world championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20634177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634177" title="SS Alcyone Fortune">
SS Alcyone Fortune

A number of steamships were named Alcyone Fortune, including -

</doc>
<doc id="20634186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634186" title="Herbert Broomfield">
Herbert Broomfield

Herbert C. Broomfield (11 December 1878 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Audlem, Cheshire. He played for Manchester City, Manchester United, Northwich Victoria, and Bolton Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="20634191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634191" title="Planorbella duryi">
Planorbella duryi

Planorbella duryi, common name the Seminole rams-horn, is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution.
This species of snail is endemic to Florida, USA. [http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=3239]
It has been introduced to Hawaii and lives in the wild there. [http://hbs.bishopmuseum.org/waipio/Critter%20pages/planorbella.html]
It is an introduced species in various European islands and countries including: [http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=3239]

</doc>
<doc id="20634220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634220" title="Arthur Chesters">
Arthur Chesters

Arthur Chesters (14 February 1910 – 23 March 1963) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Salford, Manchester. He played for Exeter City and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20634223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634223" title="Heroes' Lorebook">
Heroes' Lorebook

"Heroes' Lorebook" is an accessory for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
This book is an update of the 1989 "Hall of Heroes" supplement for the Forgotten Realms setting. This book profiles 61 of the setting's most eminent characters, with each entry providing complete game statistics, background information, and campaign notes, drawn from novels and game products published through the end of 1995.
The 160-page book features a two-page introduction, which explains that this book is an update and a revision of "Hall of Heroes". The book compiles information from novels and other sources published through the end of 1995. The book describes 60 characters, each including an illustration, game statistics, suggestions for campaign uses, and a list of the sources consulted for each character's entry. The book's center 16-page section (pages 73–88) presents a series of color illustrations, many of which were created especially for this book, depicting nearly half of the characters described in the book in a variety of scenes. Character descriptions appear on pages 6–135, and include such notables as Alias, Arilyn Moonblade, Bruenor Battlehammer, Danilo Thann, Drizzt Do'Urden, Dragonbait, Elminster, Khelben "Blackstaff" Arunsun, Olive Ruskettle, Shandril Shessair, and Wulfgar. Supplemental material on pages 136-158 includes notes on the Chosen of Mystra, magical items and effects, special wizard spells, heroic groups (including the Harpers and the Knights of Myth Drannor), and an index to the book. A list of sources mentioned throughout the book can be found on pages 159 and 160.
Publication history.
The book, with product code TSR 9525, was published in 1996, and was written by Dale Donovan and Paul Culotta, with cover art by Doug Beckmann and interior art by Jordi Torres, Ned Dameron, Tony Crnkovich, and Valerie Valusek.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Heroes' Lorebook" in brief for "Dragon" magazine #235 (November 1996). Swan commented on the usefulness of the book's content to players: "With so much history to digest, casual players may feel overwhelmed. But if you take the Realms seriously, and names like Alias and Drizzt Do'Urden make your pulse quicken, welcome to nirvana."

</doc>
<doc id="20634228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634228" title="1973–74 New York Rangers season">
1973–74 New York Rangers season

The 1973–74 New York Rangers season was the 48th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Rangers compiled 94 points during the regular season and finished third in the East Division. The team made the Stanley Cup playoffs, where New York defeated the Montreal Canadiens 4–2 in the quarter-finals. The Rangers then lost in a seven-game semi-finals series to the Philadelphia Flyers, who went on to win the Stanley Cup that season.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20634230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634230" title="Crazy World Tour Live... Berlin 1991">
Crazy World Tour Live... Berlin 1991

Crazy World Tour Live... Berlin 1991 is a 1991 live video by German heavy metal band Scorpions. The concert was recorded in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20634242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634242" title="Helisoma anceps">
Helisoma anceps

Helisoma anceps, common name the two-ridge rams-horn, is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution.
This species is distributed from Mexico, through the Central United States, to central Canada. 
It was introduced to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20634272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634272" title="Charlie Hillam">
Charlie Hillam

Charles Emmanuel Hillam (6 October 1908 – April 1958) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Burnley. He played for Clitheroe, Burnley, Leyton Orient, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20634279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634279" title="List of German football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of German football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of German football transfers in the winter transfer window 2008–09 by club. Only transfers of the Bundesliga, and 2nd Bundesliga are included.
Bundesliga.
FC Bayern Munich.
In:
Out:
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
SV Werder Bremen.
In:
Out:
FC Schalke 04.
In:
Out:
Hamburger SV.
In:
Out:
VfL Wolfsburg.
In:
Out:
VfB Stuttgart.
In:
Out:
Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
In:
Out:
Hannover 96.
In:
Out:
Eintracht Frankfurt.
In:
Out:
Hertha BSC Berlin.
In:
Out:
Karlsruher SC.
In:
Out:
VfL Bochum.
In:
Out:
Borussia Dortmund.
In:
Out:
FC Energie Cottbus.
In:
Out:
Arminia Bielefeld.
In:
Out:
Borussia Mönchengladbach.
In:
Out:
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
In:
Out:
1. FC Köln.
In:
Out:
2nd Bundesliga.
1. FC Nuremberg.
In:
Out:
FC Hansa Rostock.
In:
Out:
MSV Duisburg.
In:
Out:
1. FSV Mainz 05.
In:
Out:
SC Freiburg.
In:
Out:
SpVgg Greuther Fürth.
In:
Out:
Alemannia Aachen.
In:
Out:
SV Wehen Wiesbaden.
In:
Out:
FC St. Pauli.
In:
Out:
TuS Koblenz.
In:
Out:
TSV 1860 München.
In:
Out:
VfL Osnabrück.
In:
Out:
1. FC Kaiserslautern.
In:
Out:
FC Augsburg.
In:
Out:
Rot Weiss Ahlen.
In:
Out:
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
In:
Out:
FC Ingolstadt 04.
In:
Out:
FSV Frankfurt.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="20634280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634280" title="Gertrude Liebhart">
Gertrude Liebhart

Gertrude Liebhart (altenate listings: Gertrude Liebhardt, Trude Liebhardt, born October 26, 1928) is an Austrian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the early 1950s. She won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Liebhart also won two medals in the K-2 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 1950 and a bronze in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20634309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634309" title="Mariam Usman">
Mariam Usman

Mariam Usman (born November 9, 1990) is a Nigerian weightlifter. She competes in the +75 kg category.
Biography.
Usman won overall silver at the 2007 All-Africa Games, with a total of 248 kg.
At the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she ranked 9th with a total of 257 kg.
She won overall gold at the 2008 African Championships, with a total of 265 kg.
Usman competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the +75 kg category finishing fifth with 265 kg.
She also won overall gold in the +75kg at the 2012 African weightlifting championships in Kenya. At the same tournament, she emerged second-best female lifter, with fellow Nigerian Chinenye Fidelis being tops 

</doc>
<doc id="20634313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634313" title="Ezra Royals">
Ezra Royals

Ezra John Royals (January 1882 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Fenton, Staffordshire. He played for Chesterton White Star, Northwich Victoria, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20634320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634320" title="Canis Resort">
Canis Resort

Canis Resort is the world's first luxury dog hotel, located in Freising, north of Munich, Germany. It opened for preview on December 9, 2008, and is to be opened to the public from December 15, 2008. The hotel can accommodate up to forty-five dogs in nine heated dog lodges, with trained dogsitters offering full services including grooming, training, health care and exercise, twenty-four seven.

</doc>
<doc id="20634322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634322" title="Ethiopian general election, 2000">
Ethiopian general election, 2000

Ethiopia held general elections on 14 May and 31 August 2000 for seats in both its national House of Peoples' Representatives and several regional government councils. Although several opposition parties boycotted the election, 17 parties including the All-Amhara People's Organization, the Southern Ethiopia Peoples' Democratic Coalition (SEPDC), and the Oromo National Congress did participate.
According to observers organized by Ethiopian Human Rights Council, local U.N. staff, diplomatic missions, political parties, and domestic non-governmental organizations, both the general and the regional elections that year were generally free and fair in most areas; however, serious election irregularities occurred in the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region (SNNPR), particularly in the Hadiya Zone. As a result, the National Election Board of Ethiopia (NEBE) investigated the complaints and determined that many of them had merit. These included incidents of election officials instructing voters for whom to vote, candidates campaigning at polling stations, and candidates being pressured into quitting. There also were credible reports of ballot stuffing, vote count fraud, voter intimidation or bribery, dismissals from work, withholding of salaries, detentions, abductions, and killings. 
In its annual report on Human Rights, the US State Department stated that there were numerous credible reports that persons who supported or voted for opposition candidates were harassed. For example, there were credible reports that ruling party personnel withheld fertilizer and food aid in the SNNPR as retaliation for voters electing opposition candidates. According to the SEPDC, some of their supporters were suspended or dismissed from their jobs in retaliation, and some teachers in the SNNPR who served as SEPDC election observers found their salaries were withheld and were denied entry to summer update courses. many civil servants who supported the opposition were fired from their positions.
Results.
In round one, held on 14 May, there were 20,252,000 registered voters, of whom 90% voted. Results were announced in mid-June by the NEBE: the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) captured 481 of the 547 seats in the national election, broken down between its members as follows: the Oromo Peoples' Democratic Organization winning 183, the Amhara National Democratic Movement 143, the Southern Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement 112, and the Tigray People's Liberation Front 40. Independents won 13 seats and other parties won 53. Six of the seven constituencies in the Hadiya Zone where elections were run, were won by the Hadiya National Democratic Organization led by Beyene Petros.
The second round was held August 31 for the Somali Region alone. Candidates from the Alliance of Somali Democratic Forces, the Western Somali Democratic Party, and the Somali People's Democratic Party (SPDP), as well as 156 private candidates contested the 23 seats reserved for the region in the House of Peoples' Representatives and the 168 seats in the State Council. About 75% of the 1.15 million registered voters in the Region cast ballots. Announced results gave 19 of the seats to the SPDP, and the remaining four to independent candidates.
In the Regional elections, either the EPRDF or one of its member parties won the election except in Afar (where the Afar National Democratic Party won 84 of the 87 local seats), Benishangul-Gumuz (where the Benishangul Gumuz People's Democratic Unity Front won 71 of the 80 seats), Gambela (where the Gambela People's Democratic Front won 40 of the 53 seats), and Somali (where the Somali People's Democratic Party won 150 of the 168 seats).

</doc>
<doc id="20634338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634338" title="Nina Savina">
Nina Savina

Nina Savina (September 29, 1915–1965) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20634362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634362" title="Pretty Girl (EP)">
Pretty Girl (EP)

Pretty Girl is the second mini-album by K-pop girl group Kara. It was released on online music sites and on CD on December 4, 2008.
History.
It was announced in late November that Kara would be releasing a second mini-album, two months after "Rock U", with a fun "party" concept. After the song's release and the positive reception that it received the group's name became a popular search term on various Korean portal sites propelling the girl's popularity in South Korea. 
In addition, the song also charted high on various websites and digital music retailers, which allowed the group to rival some of South Korea's top girl groups such as Wonder Girls, Girls' Generation, and the Brown Eyed Girls. The group's leader, Park Gyu-ri, attributed Kara's rise in popularity to their natural but pretty appeal, while national newspaper "Sports Seoul" attributed it to the fact that the band finally found their own identity.
Promotion.
The group began its comeback on all major music shows on December 4, 2008, the single's release date, starting with "M.Net Countdown". During their first national performance on KBS's "Music Bank", member Goo Ha Ra forgot part of the choreography and cried for an hour backstage.
During Kara's December 14, 2008 performance on Seoul Broadcasting System's "Inkigayo" (""Popular Songs""), the fans decided to cheer with pink rubber gloves, which positively surprised viewers; even the group was surprised, as member Han Seung-yeon wrote on her blog that she almost died of laughter.
"Pretty Girl" is featured in the international arcade music game, "DJ Max Technika 3".
Music video.
On November 29, 2008, DSP Entertainment released a teaser video for "Pretty Girl", which received over 40,000 hits in one day. The full video was released on December 2, 2008 online and was positively received by the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20634369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634369" title="CD Masnou">
CD Masnou

Club Deportiu Masnou is a Spanish football team based in El Masnou, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1920 it plays in Tercera División, holding home games at "Estadi Municipal de El Masnou", with a capacity of 2,000 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20634379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634379" title="Pyramidula pusilla">
Pyramidula pusilla

Pyramidula pusilla is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pyramidulidae.
Shell description.
The width of the shell is up to 2.95 mm, the height is up to 2.25 mm.
Distribution.
The geographical distribution of this species is mainly Mediterranean: western and central Europe, southeastern Europe, Caucasus, Central Asia and probably the Russian Far East.
Europe (not a complete list):
Southwestern Asia (not a complete list):
Central Asia:

</doc>
<doc id="20634380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634380" title="Jane W Davidson">
Jane W Davidson

Jane Davidson is a British musicologist and Callaway/Tunley Chair of Music and Coordinator, Postgraduate Studies at the School of Music, University of Western Australia in Perth.
Davidson has written more than one hundred scholarly contributions on performance, expression, therapy and the determinants of artistic abilities. Her edited volume "The Music Practitioner" (Ashgate, 2004) explores the uses of research for the practising musician. Current research projects include: the expressive body movements of duettists; the adaptive value of music, including singing and personal identity; the development of ‘talent’; the function of music in mental health settings; the music performances of the Temple Street musicians in Hong Kong; the process of music theatre directing, and the staging of Baroque works. These interests reflect her unusual background in music psychology and musicology, vocal performance and contemporary dance.
Davidson has undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in music, vocal performance and contemporary dance, having studied at University of Newcastle, University of Leeds and University of London, and at Laval in Quebec, Canada. She has won many prizes and scholarships, including a Rotary International Graduate Scholarship, and number of awards for singing. In her academic career, she has taught at undergraduate and post-graduate levels, contributing to courses on: psychological approaches to performance, development of musical ability, psychology for musicians, music therapy, music in the community, gender studies in music, opera and music theatre studies, vocal pedagogy and movement classes. She was a recent recipient of the University of Sheffield’s ‘Senate Award’ for her innovatory teaching practices.
A former editor of the international academic journal "Psychology of Music", she is Vice-president of the European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music. After much solo operatic performance, which included world premiere performances of operas at London International Opera Festival and a main role with the highly innovative and acclaimed Théâtre de Complicité, Davidson turned her attention to a stage direction in opera and music theatre. Besides forming her own company Soundbodies, Soundmoves, she has collaborated extensively with companies including Opera North and Drama per Musica. Davidson and Andrew Lawrence-King (The Harp Consort) have worked together on a range of Baroque music theatre projects, and have a series of new projects in the pipeline including the forthcoming Window to the Soul involving a cast of blind opera singers.
She has held a number of visiting posts across the globe, including Hong Kong Institute of Education, University of New South Wales, Guildhall School of Music and Drama (London), Luzern Konservatorium (Switzerland), Aveiro University (Portugal). She holds a Chair in Music Performance Studies at University of Sheffield and is the inaugural Callaway/Tunley Chair of Music at University of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20634381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634381" title="John Davies (football goalkeeper)">
John Davies (football goalkeeper)

John Davies or Davis was an English footballer who played in goal for Burslem Port Vale and Newton Heath in the 19th century.
Playing career.
He played for Hurst before joining Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1889. He made his debut in a friendly with Halliwell on 2 September 1889, the match finishing 1–1. A regular between the sticks he became the first known Vale player to be sent off, after he retaliated against a Walsall Town Swifts opponent who kicked him in a 5–1 'friendly' home win on 3 May 1890. He started to become unreliable and lost his place in January 1891, before being released the following year.
In July 1892, he joined Newton Heath, making his debut in a 3–1 defeat to Nottingham Forest at North Road on 14 January 1893. He played a further six league and one FA Cup game for the club before he left later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20634382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634382" title="Opuscula Mathematica">
Opuscula Mathematica

The Opuscula Mathematica is a mathematical research journal founded in 1937 in Kraków by Antonii Hoborski, a Polish mathematician and the first Rector Magnificus of Mining Academy.
All articles published by the journal are indexed and reviewed in Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt für Mathematik.
Focus.
Opuscula Mathematica publish original research in the field:
and other areas of Applied Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="20634394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634394" title="Kawasaki Synthesizer">
Kawasaki Synthesizer

The Kawasaki Synthesizer is a musical software tool for the Commodore 64 created in 1983 by Japanese jazz musician, Ryo Kawasaki. The first of four music programs created by Kawasaki, "Kawasaki Synthesizer" was followed by "Kawasaki Rhythm Rocker" in 1985, and then "Kawasaki Magical Musiquill" in 1985. Following this Kawasaki created "Kawasaki MIDI Workstation" his only software title intended for professional use instead of personal or educational use.
Development history.
As soon as the Commodore 64 was released in 1982, Kawasaki immediately bought one, paying $600 for it at an electronics store on 45th street in Manhattan. Kawasaki was fascinated by the possibilities the system afforded him and in two years he taught himself to program and wrote four programs in machine code using SuperMon (a tool created by Jim Butterfield) that he released commercially on 5¼-inch floppy for $49.95 each as well as an unpublished 8-track real-time MIDI recorder called "Midi-Workstation".
Usage.
The "Kawasaki Synthesizer" was sold as a 2-disk package that according to its own demonstration "will transform Commodore 64 into an incredible synthesizer and more." The program came with a software version of a techno track by Kawasaki entitled "Satellite Station," and it allowed a user to select notes to be played and create songs that could then be saved. Numerous other typically Kawasakian influences were also notably discernible, including the Kawasaki Space Theatre which depicted a couple of Thai kick boxers who would fly by. The program was regarded as having a dream-like fairy-tale atmosphere, and as future programs were released the color schemes (for example in "Kawasaki Magical Musiquill") became increasingly psychedelic.
Different modes were available including the "Easy Beginner Version" (in which a new player could learn how to create music in simple steps), "Demo" (in which the player was shown a pre-recorded display created by Kawasaki that highlighted the capabilities of the program), and "The Performer" - the composition portion of the program.
Later synthesizers.
Kawasaki Rhythm Rocker.
"Kawasaki Rhythm Rocker" was noted to be considerably different from "Kawasaki Synthesizer" despite the fact that it used a similar keyboard input and was designed to allow the player to create music in a synthesizer style. The program depicted space imagery, a theme that would become common throughout Kawasaki's programs. "Kawasaki Rhythm Rocker" allowed the player to alter tempo, dub, and bass, and to record his compositions.
Kawasaki Magical Musiquill.
The most colorful of Kawasaki's applications, "Kawasaki Magical Musiquill" was the last program Kawasaki designed as a non-game for children, with his next release, "Kawasaki MIDI Workstation", designed as a serious work for professional studio use.
Kawasaki MIDI Workstation.
Developed in 1986, "Kawasaki MIDI Workstation" was Kawasaki's only work of professional software, and after finishing this program he founded Satellites Records and returned to making music of his own.
See also.
Ryo Kawasaki

</doc>
<doc id="20634398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634398" title="1938–39 New York Rangers season">
1938–39 New York Rangers season

The 1938–39 New York Rangers season was the 13th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). New York finished second in the NHL in regular season points with 58, and qualified for the playoffs. In the league semi-finals, the Rangers lost to the Boston Bruins in seven games.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20634400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634400" title="Vallonia excentrica">
Vallonia excentrica

Vallonia excentrica, common name the eccentric vallonia, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands that include:
Europe:
America:

</doc>
<doc id="20634413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634413" title="The Race of the Tiger">
The Race of the Tiger

The Race of the Tiger is an historical novel by the Welsh writer Alexander Cordell (1914–1997) set in mid-19th century Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It is a family saga of the O'Haras of County Connemara, Ireland, who flee the English yoke to make their fortune in the New World, where iron barons such as Andrew Carnegie and Henry Clay Frick thrive in an era of unprecedented industrial growth. Labor agitation, violence, and the Molly Maguire movement erupt in Pittsburgh's steel industry when the new Bessemer process throws many Irish immigrants out of work in the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="20634451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634451" title="NGC 5890">
NGC 5890

NGC 5890 is an unbarred lenticular galaxy in the constellation Libra. It was discovered in April 1785 by Ormond Stone.

</doc>
<doc id="20634470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634470" title="Columella aspera">
Columella aspera

Columella aspera is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the vertigo snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20634472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634472" title="Bicolored foxface">
Bicolored foxface

The bicolored foxface, "Siganus uspi", is a rabbitfish from the western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.
It was described by Michael J. Gawel after the University of the South Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="20634481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634481" title="NGC 3561">
NGC 3561

NGC 3561 is a pair of interacting galaxies NGC 3561A and NGC 3561B within the galaxy cluster Abell 1185. Its common name is "the Guitar" and contains a small tidal dwarf galaxy known as Ambartsumian's Knot.

</doc>
<doc id="20634495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634495" title="Magnificent rabbitfish">
Magnificent rabbitfish

The magnificent rabbitfish, Siganus magnificus, is a rabbitfish from the eastern Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 24 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20634511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634511" title="NGC 3550">
NGC 3550

NGC 3550 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered in April 1785 by William Herschel.

</doc>
<doc id="20634519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634519" title="Orange-spotted spinefoot">
Orange-spotted spinefoot

The orange-spotted spinefoot, "Siganus guttatus", is a rabbitfish from the eastern Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 42 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20634529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634529" title="Leroy Nash">
Leroy Nash

Viva Leroy Nash (September 10, 1915 – February 12, 2010) was an American career criminal and one of the oldest prisoners in history as well as one of those longest incarcerated (for a total of 70 years), spending almost 80 years behind bars. He was the oldest American on death row at the time of his death in February 2010.
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah, Nash spent much of his life in and out of prison for crimes including transporting stolen vehicles, robbery, and attempted murder. He was first imprisoned in 1930 at 15 years old for armed robbery.
In 1947 at 32 years old, he was sentenced to prison again after shooting a Connecticut police officer. He spent almost 25 years behind bars.
In 1977 he was sentenced to life for having murdered postal carrier David J. Woodhurst, but escaped from a prison work crew in 1982, at age 66, where soon after he went into a coin shop in Phoenix, Arizona, and shot an employee dead.
Nash was sentenced to death in 1983. His attorneys claimed that senility had rendered him legally incompetent to be executed, describing him as a "doddering old man, who can't hear, can't see, can't walk, and is very, very loony". The sentence was never carried out; Nash died of natural causes on February 12, 2010, at the age of 94. At the time of his death, he was the oldest person on death row in the US. Sadamichi Hirasawa died on death row in Japan in 1987, nearly one year older with a full 95 years and three months.

</doc>
<doc id="20634532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634532" title="Niccolo's Smile">
Niccolo's Smile

"Niccolo's Smile: A Biography of Machiavelli" is a translation of Machiavelli's diaries and memoirs by Maurizio Viroli, a scholar from the University of Bologna, Italy, and Princeton University.
Published in 1998 using Machiavelli's original source materials, the author recreates his biography.
"Machiavellian" is a pejorative term suggesting serpentine scheming and use of immoral, ruthless means to achieve desired ends. Those ends usually include the maintenance of power at all costs. Inevitably, it is often assumed that Machiavelli must have reflected and practiced these methods in his personal and public life. He was cursed to live in interesting but chaotic and violent times. Machiavelli's longing for a powerful ruler was not merely based on a cynical wish to see power exercised; rather, Machiavelli hoped for a strong and, if necessary, devious ruler who could rule effectively but also wisely and justly. In his personal life, he is revealed here as a caring, sensitive man who, contrary to expectations, was frequently ruled by his heart rather than his head.
Describing "Machiavelli's Dream", the author recounts a legend in which on his death bed, the great philosopher gathered his friends and told of a dream. In the dream, a band of ragged, poorly dressed and miserable men were the self-described "saintly and blessed; we are on our way to Heaven". He then saw a crowd of solemnly attired, noble men of grave appearance. He recognized among them Plato, Plutarch, and Tacitus. They told him "We are the damned of Hell". Machiavelli tells his friends he would be far happier in Hell where he could discuss politics with the great men of the ancient world, whereas in Heaven he would languish in boredom among the saintly and blessed.

</doc>
<doc id="20634537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634537" title="NGC 3552">
NGC 3552

NGC 3552 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered in April 1785 by William Herschel.

</doc>
<doc id="20634539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634539" title="Yogi Roth">
Yogi Roth

Yogi Roth (born September 20, 1981) is an American football coach. He played high school football at Lackawanna Trail High School in Factoryville, PA and college football at Pitt, where he was a wide receiver. After working as a video assistant at the University of Southern California, he was promoted to Quarterbacks graduate assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20634542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634542" title="Truncatellina costulata">
Truncatellina costulata

Truncatellina costulata is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20634547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634547" title="Truncatellina cylindrica">
Truncatellina cylindrica

Truncatellina cylindrica is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in European countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20634556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634556" title="NGC 3554">
NGC 3554

NGC 3554 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered in December 1827 by John Hershel.

</doc>
<doc id="20634561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634561" title="Benedict Uloko">
Benedict Uloko

Benedict Uloko (born March 19, 1984) is a Nigerian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category.
He competed at the 2007 All-Africa Games, but did not finish.
At the 2008 African Championships he won overall gold with a total of 341 kg.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 85 kg category finishing 13th with 339 kg.
At the Commonwealth Games, he won the bronze medal for Nigeria, just being beaten by Scotland's "Peter Kirkbride".

</doc>
<doc id="20634569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634569" title="1970 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1970 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1970 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1970. The team's head football coach was Vince Gibson. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium.
Senior quarterback Lynn Dickey led the team to a third straight season as the top-rated passing offense in the Big Eight. Kansas State also led the conference in total defense, and posted its first win against a top-ten team, beating #8 Colorado. The Wildcats went into the final conference game of the season against Nebraska ranked #20 and playing for the Big Eight championship. The #4 Cornhuskers throttled Kansas State 51-13 in the game. Kansas State would not return to the national rankings again until the 1993 season.
The team finished with a winning record in conference play for the first time since 1953. After the season Vince Gibson was named coach of the year by the Big Eight Conference.
Schedule.
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Big 8 Schedule
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20634576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634576" title="James Alfred Jacoby">
James Alfred Jacoby

Sir James Alfred Jacoby (1852–1909) was a Nottingham lace manufacturer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1909.
Jacoby was the son of Moritz Jacoby, a lace manufacturer of Nottingham and was educated privately. He and his two brothers became directors of M. Jacoby & Co lace company and were active in local commerce and politics. Jacoby was a member of Nottingham Town Council from 1876 and was Sheriff of Nottingham for 1877. He was president of the Nottingham Chamber of Commerce, chairman of the Technical Schools Committee, and vice-chairman of the Castle Museum Committee. He was also member of Royal Statistical Society.
At the 1885 general election, Jacoby was elected as Liberal Member of Parliament for Mid Derbyshire. He held the seat until his death in 1909.
Jacoby and his brothers all collected art and antiques which they donated to Nottingham Castle Museum.
Jacoby married Miss F. Leipmann of Glasgow in 1883. They lived at Normanton House, Normanton-on-the-Wolds, Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20634579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634579" title="NGC 3553">
NGC 3553

NGC 3553 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered in March 1885 by Guillaume Bigourdan.

</doc>
<doc id="20634583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634583" title="Tribble Reese">
Tribble Reese

Tribble Reese (Herbert Tribble Reese, born July 27, 1985 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a television personality, model, bartender and ex-college athlete.
Biography.
Tribble Reese is best known for starring in season 2 of "Sweet Home Alabama", an eight episode CMT television series, produced by Glassman Media (“Three Wishes”). Reese was also ranked among the top 50 Hot Bachelors of 2008 by "Cosmopolitan" magazine, where he was named South Carolina's Bachelor of the Year. While living in Atlanta, Reese was also named one of local hot magazine Jezebel's "Most Beautiful" in 2010.
Reese grew up in Birmingham, Alabama and began playing football in 1993. His professional career got its start at Mountain Brook High School in Birmingham, where he was ranked in 2004 as the 15th dual-threat quarterback in the nation by Rivals.com. An ex-college NCAA Division I Big South Conference football quarterback. He was a backup quarterback at Clemson University before transferring and becoming the starting quarterback at Charleston Southern University, another NCAA Division I school based out of South Carolina.
As a back-up quarterback with the Clemson Tigers, Reese roomed with Demayne Board and accumulated two touchdowns and a 62.5 completion percentage in the 2006-2007 season. His transfer to CSU as a fifth-year MBA student placed Reese in the position of the school's first-string quarterback, a move that has expanded his existing game stats to include 21 touchdowns, 1,961 yards passing, and a 133.5 quarterback efficiency rating. Reese also had a stint of arena football in Charlotte, North Carolina with the Carolina Speed in 2009 
Tribble is currently involved in giving back specializing in helping local charities including Angel Ride in Mobile, AL, The Exceptional Foundation in Birmingham, AL and others around the Atlanta area.
Reese stars as himself in the 2013 Bravo Reality Series "The New Atlanta."
It is predicted that Reese will play football again in 2014 for the Elmshorn Fighting Pirates - a second division team in Germany. 

</doc>
<doc id="20634588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634588" title="David Weeks (designer)">
David Weeks (designer)

David Weeks (born October 30, 1968) is an American designer known for lighting, furniture, and household products. 
Originally from Athens, Georgia, Weeks studied painting and sculpture at the Rhode Island School of Design, where he earned a BFA. Weeks went on to work in the Manhattan studio of Ted Muehling before founding David Weeks Studio in 1996. Weeks was an adjunct professor at Parsons School of Design between 1998-2006, and in 2002 a visiting critic at Yale.
Weeks currently lives in Brooklyn with his wife, Georgianna Stout, partner of design studio 2x4, and their children.
David Weeks Studio.
Weeks founded New York-based David Weeks Studio in 1996. The Studio produces lighting and furniture for commercial and residential uses. The Studio’s recent product lines include Sculpt, an upholstered collection, and Sarus, a lighting collection for Ralph Pucci; updated Semana chairs for Habitat UK; and new consumer products for Areaware and Kikkerland].
The Studio also creates custom lighting, furniture, sculpture, and interiors. Commissioned projects include Barneys New York, Kate Spade, Saks Fifth Avenue, MGM Grand Las Vegas, Hard Rock Hotel Las Vegas, and Bliss Spa.
Awards & Exhibitions.
In 2007, Weeks was nominated for the Cooper Hewitt National Design Award for the second time. In April 2006, Weeks made his second appearance in the Metropolitan Home Design 100. In 2005, he was invited to judge I.D. Magazine’s Annual Design Review, and in 2004, he was one of seven designers chosen to represent New York at Berlin’s 7+7 Designmai exhibit. Weeks was featured in the 2003 Cooper-Hewitt’s National Design Triennial: Inside Design Now.
Weeks won Editor Awards at the 1999 and 2001 International Contemporary Furniture Fair. Butter's debut collection earned accolades including an award from Blueprint (architecture magazine) at London’s 100% Design Show, and featured the best-selling Lunette lampshade.
Publications.
David Weeks has received media attention from all over the world. Weeks’s work has been featured in such publications as "Dwell", "Architectural Digest", "Interior Design", "Harper’s Bazaar", "Wallpaper*", "W", "I.D.", and "Elle Decor". His work has also been featured in the following books:
Articles & Interviews.
A Country House, Cookie (magazine), September 2008
Workspace: David Weeks, Dunderdon Website, September 2008
Designer Identikit, Azure Magazine, August 2008
A New Line of Upholstered Furniture, New York Times, March 20, 2008
Best in Show at WestWeek, Los Angeles Times, March 2008
CURRENTS: FURNITURE; An Easy Riding Rocking Chair That Used to Be a Couch, New York Times, September 14, 2006
Are Designers Sheathing the Cutting Edge?, New York Times, May 19, 2005
PERSONAL SHOPPER; Summertime, and the Lighting Is Breezy, New York Times, June 10, 2004
CURRENTS: TRADE SHOW; A Little Modern, At the Javits Center, New York Times, May 15, 2003
Q+A with David Weeks & Lindsay Adelman, I.D. (magazine)
DESIGN NOTEBOOK; Designers Find You Can't Live On Buzz, New York Times, September 21, 2000
CURRENTS: LIGHTING; Good Company For Book Lovers To Greet the New Year, New York Times, December 23, 1999

</doc>
<doc id="20634594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634594" title="Oscar Cantú">
Oscar Cantú

Oscar Cantú (born December 5, 1966) is an American bishop of the Catholic Church. He has been the bishop of the Diocese of Las Cruces, in New Mexico, since 2013. During his 4 1/2 years in San Antonio, because of the appointment of San Antonio Archbishop José Horacio Gómez to Los Angeles, Cantú was named apostolic administrator of the archdiocese until the installation of the new archbishop. At the time of his appointment as auxiliary bishop of San Antonio, he was the youngest bishop in the country.
Early life and education.
Oscar Cantú was born in Houston, Texas to Mexican immigrants Ramiro and Maria de Jesus Cantú. He is fifth of eight children. His family originally lived in Chicago, Illinois before moving to the South, and is old friends with retired Archbishop Patrick Flores. He attended St. Thomas High School and the University of Dallas, from where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree. He also earned a Master of Divinity and of Theological Studies from the University of St. Thomas before traveling to Rome to study at the Pontifical Gregorian University, earning his Licentiate of Sacred Theology.
Priesthood.
Upon his return to the States, Cantú was ordained a deacon on November 6, 1993 by Bishop James Tamayo. Cantú was ordained a priest by Archbishop Joseph Fiorenza on May 21, 1994. He then served as parochial vicar of St. Christopher Church in Houston. In 2003, he began teaching at his "alma mater" of the University of St. Thomas. Cantú also hosted an interfaith radio show with a rabbi and Protestant minister, and was involved in The Metropolitan Organization, which addresses such issues as fair housing, immigration, and education. He was later named pastor of his childhood church of Holy Name in Houston.
Episcopal appointments.
On April 10, 2008, Cantú was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of San Antonio and Titular Bishop of "Dardanus" by Pope Benedict XVI. He was consecrated on June 2 by Archbishop José Gómez, with Archbishop Fiorenza and Bishop Joe Vásquez serving as co-consecrator. Cantú selected to be his motto: "Zelus Domus Tuae Comedit Me" (), meaning, "Zeal for the Lord's house consumes me."
In October 2010, Bishop Cantú discontinued a long-standing Mass that was offered for more than 15 years to the gay and lesbian community at a near-downtown parish in San Antonio. The weekly Mass at St. Ann Church was the subject of complaints. The decision was made by Bishop Cantú, who served the interim head of the archdiocese until Bishop Gustavo García-Siller was installed as the new archbishop of San Antonio on November 23. In an October 13 letter to the St. Ann pastor, Father John Restrepo, Cantú said the Mass conflicted with Catholic teaching because it was offered for Dignity San Antonio, a gay advocacy group. Part of the national organization, DignityUSA, it seeks the acceptance of alternative lifestyles in the Catholic Church.
On Thursday, January 10, 2013, Cantú was named the bishop-designate of Las Cruces, New Mexico, by Pope Benedict XVI, slated to succeed the inaugural bishop, Ricardo Ramírez.
Offices held.
Within the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, Cantú is a member of the Committee on Catholic Education.
At the time of his appointment as Auxiliary Bishop of San Antonio in April 2008 at age 41, he was then the youngest Catholic Bishop in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20634596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634596" title="James Moody (loyalist)">
James Moody (loyalist)

James Moody (ca 1744 – April 6, 1809) was a loyalist volunteer during the American Revolution who became a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1793 to 1806.
He was born in New Jersey, the son of John Moody. After he refused to give up his allegiance to Britain and swear loyalty to the United States, Moody was harassed and shot at, so he joined the New Jersey Volunteers. He was captured in 1780 but managed to escape to New York City. After that, for a time, he was put into service intercepting rebel correspondence. In 1782, Moody went to England; he married Jane Lynson, his second wife, that same year. Also that year, he published "Lieut. James Moody’s narrative of his exertions and sufferings in the cause of government, since the year 1776", an account of his experiences during the American Revolution. He went to Nova Scotia in 1782 and settled at Sissaboo (later Weymouth). Moody built ships there and also constructed mills. He served as a captain in the Royal Nova Scotia Regiment, a colonel in the local militia and road commissioner. He died in Sissaboo.

</doc>
<doc id="20634608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634608" title="NGC 3539">
NGC 3539

NGC 3539 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered in April 1831 by John Herschel.

</doc>
<doc id="20634613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634613" title="Pingtung Station">
Pingtung Station

Pingtung Station () is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Pingtung Line located in Pingtung City, Pingtung County, Taiwan. 
Overview.
The station has one side platform and one island platform, as well as a tourism center. The station is planned to be converted into an elevated station. The station is the last station to have electrified rails, but they are planned to be extended to Chaozhou.

</doc>
<doc id="20634621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634621" title="Cindi Walters">
Cindi Walters

Cindi Walters is the founder and president of Chapman Walters Intercoastal Corporation (CWIC), a corporation which develops and manufactures diving, snorkeling and recreational aquatics equipment. She took over bankrupt Sea Pro, a California-based water sports equipment manufacturer, then broke off to develop Cal Pacific Manufacturing, a scuba equipment manufacturer. Walters served on the Diving Equipment and Marketing Association's (DEMA) Board of Directors from 1989 to 1998 and became the board's first female president from 1994-1995.
In 1996, Walters founded CWIC. The company became a licensee of the water sports brand Body Glove and a licensee of Disney. CWIC also develops products under its own brand name, Fluid Water Sports.
Walters formed a charity, Aqua Angels, which, according to its website, provides "swim lessons, hydro therapy, and water safety instruction to special needs" children, which was founded in Orange County, but moved to the East Bay of San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20634623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634623" title="George and Mildred (film)">
George and Mildred (film)

George and Mildred is a 1980 British comedy film directed by Peter Frazer Jones. It was an adaptation of the television series of the same name. Yootha Joyce and Brian Murphy reprised their television roles as the two title characters. It was written by Dick Sharples. Vicki Michelle also had a role in the film.
Synopsis.
Mildred decides that she and George will celebrate their wedding anniversary in style at a swanky London hotel - however unhappy George might be at the cost involved. "I'm a traffic warden, not Aristotle Onassis", he tells her. But on arrival, George is taken for a ruthless hit-man by a shady businessman (Stratford Johns), who wants a rival eliminated. Mildred meanwhile remains in blissful ignorance throughout the resulting chaos.
Reception.
Released shortly after star Yootha Joyce had died, the film was neither a commercial nor a critical success; one critic has described the film as "one of the worst films ever made in Britain . . . so strikingly bad, it seems to have been assembled with a genuine contempt for its audience." A writer for "The Guardian" stated that the film's failure marked "the death knell" for the 1970s British practice of producing motion picture spinoffs based on sitcoms.

</doc>
<doc id="20634624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634624" title="Tenoroc High School">
Tenoroc High School

Tenoroc High School (THS) is a public secondary school in Lakeland, Florida. The current principal is Jason Looney, and is assisted by two subordinate principals, Daniel Renz and Meesha Downing. The School Board of Polk County established Tenoroc to relieve overcrowding problems at Lakeland High School, Lake Gibson High School, Auburndale High School, and Lake Region High School. It is also one of the more technologically advanced schools owned by the School Board of Polk County and hosts a specialized learning center known as "Power Academy." Power Academy is a 4-year training program for students intending to be employed at Lakeland Electric, Polk County's municipal utility company.
Establishment.
Tenoroc High School was established in mid-2008. Ernest Joe, Jr., the former principal of Auburndale High School, opened THS in the Summer of 2008; however, the official opening ceremonies were not held until later in the year. The school colors were decided by student referendum in early 2008. Students were also involved in choosing the school's mascot, the Titan. Principal Joe made popular, the phrase "the 'Roc" in referring to the actual school.
Saturday Academy.
Tenoroc High School established a program, known as Saturday Academy, early in the year. Students may attend this program, held once a month, to prepare for the FCAT. Other high schools in Polk County, FL also have a similar program. Incumbent Principal Joe established a bribery technique in the school's inaugural year, focused at student attendance for Saturday Academy. This may include, but is not limited to, gift cards, toys, accessories, caps, shirts, and even expensive items such as the Apple iPod Shuffle. Students that attend all sessions of Saturday Academy are awarded brass-plated medallions with purple and gray ribbon at the end of the year. This is has been retired from the school.
Dedications.
Students are encouraged to dedicate their feelings for or against the school in poetic ways, as opposed to prose.
Words and Music by Jim Parker, 2008:
"Oh Tenoroc we hold you dear.<BR>
Singing thy praises throughout the years.<BR>
Titans forever we stand upon the 'Roc.<BR>
Keeping you ever at the top.<BR>
Long may Thy triumphs ring in our heart.<BR>
Our loyalty will never depart.<BR>
Faithful we'll stay to the purple and gray.<BR>
We love you Tenoroc."
This has become Tenoroc's Alma Mater.

</doc>
<doc id="20634626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634626" title="Therese Zenz">
Therese Zenz

Therese Zenz (born October 15, 1932) is a Saar-born German sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won three silver medals (1956: K-1 500 m, 1960: K-1 500 m, K-2 500 m).
She was born in Merzig.
Zenz competed for Saar in the 1952 Summer Olympics and finished ninth in the K-1 500 metres competition. In 1956 and 1960, she competed for the Unified Team of Germany. She later became a coach for the West German team.
Zenz won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 500 m: 1954 for Saar) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m and K-2 500 m: both 1958 for West Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="20634631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634631" title="Richard Pérez">
Richard Pérez

Club career.
Pérez previously played for Centro Atlético Fénix, Deportivo Maldonado and Defensor Sporting in the Primera División Uruguaya.

</doc>
<doc id="20634633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634633" title="NGC 2552">
NGC 2552

NGC 2552 is a Magellanic spiral galaxy located some 22 million light years away in the faint northern constellation of Lynx. This is a type of unbarred dwarf galaxy, usually with a single spiral arm. It is inclined by 41° to the line of sight from the Earth along a position angle of 229°. The measured velocity dispersion of the stars in NGC 2552 is relatively low—a mere 19 ± 2 km/s. This galaxy forms part of a loose triplet that includes NGC 2541 and NGC 2500, which together belong to the NGC 2841 group.

</doc>
<doc id="20634640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634640" title="1961–62 New York Rangers season">
1961–62 New York Rangers season

The 1961–62 New York Rangers season was the 36th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers finished fourth in the NHL with 64 points, and qualified for the playoffs. In the NHL semi-finals, the Rangers lost to the Toronto Maple Leafs in six games.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20634650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634650" title="Amblyapistus taenionotus">
Amblyapistus taenionotus

Amblyapistus taenionotus is a Scorpionfish from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20634663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634663" title="Some Words with a Mummy">
Some Words with a Mummy

"Some Words with a Mummy" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in "" in April 1845. 
Plot summary.
The story begins with the narrator at home, he complains of feeling unwell due to a symposium he had attend the night before. After eating a light dinner of four pounds of Welsh rabbit and five bottles of Brown Stout, the narrator heads to bed. He is awakened shortly after he falls asleep by the ringing of his door bell followed by knocking at his door. Shortly after his wife brings him a note from his friend Doctor Ponnonner. In the note Doctor Ponnonner invites the narrator to his home to take part in a mummy unwrapping at eleven that night. The narrator gets dressed and leaves for the doctor's home at once.
Upon arriving at the doctor's house he is met by an excited group of men waiting for the examination to begin. They begin by cutting into the first sarcophagus and removing it. At this point they make their first discovery, the mummy's name, Allamistakeo. They then remove the second and third sarcophagi revealing the body itself. Instead of finding the body wrapped in layer after layer of linen bandages as they expected, the body was placed in a papyrus sheath and then covered in plaster and decorated with painting and gold gilt. After removing this they examine the body. They find it to be in exceptionally good condition, although it does not seem to have been embalmed in the normal way as the skin is red and there are no incisions.
The narrator takes notice of the time as the doctor is laying out his instruments for the dissection and the men agree to adjourn for the night as it is already past two in the morning. As the men begin to disperse for the night, one suggests experimenting with a Voltaic pile. The excitement of using electricity on the body of a mummy dead for thousands of years proves too much of a temptation for the men and they begin preparations at once. They make incisions into the mummy's temple, big toe, and nose in order to apply electricity to the muscles underneath the surface. When electricity was applied to the temple the mummy closed its eyes, this disquieted the men but the doctor continued. When it was applied to the toe the mummy kicked the doctor with such force that he was thrown through the window. After collecting the Doctor from outside the men go back to work on the mummy. Electricity was applied to its nose. This caused the mummy to open its eyes and blink rapidly. It then sneezed, sat up and shook its fist at the doctor. It then turned to two of the men, Gliddon and Buckingham, and began talking to them in Egyptian. The mummy condemned the men for their abuse of his person. Thoroughly chastised the men make their apologies to Allamistakeo and explain to him why they dissect mummies and the scientific importance of it. Satisfied with the explanation and their apologies Allamistakeo shakes hands with the men, who then proceed to patch up the damage caused by their incisions. They then gather up proper clothes for Allamistakeo and sit down for cigars and wine.
As the men talk, Allamistakeo begins to explain how he came to be a mummy, ancient Egyptians had a significantly longer life span than modern men, about one thousand years, they were also able to be embalmed, this process arrested the bodily functions allowing them to sleep through hundreds of years only to rise and go on with their lives centuries later. Allamistakeo again chastises the men for their ignorance of Egyptian history. He then explains that throughout time man has always been monotheistic, the pagan gods were symbols of the various aspects of the one true god. The men also ask him, as he is over five thousand years old, if he knows anything about how the universe was created ten thousand years ago. Allamistakeo responds that no one during his time entertained the fantasy that the universe was ever created, but that it always existed, although, some believed that humans were created by spontaneous generation. This begins a debate amongst the men, the modern men attempt to prove that the Egyptians were inferior while Allamistakeo attempts to defend his people. The narrator asks Allamistakeo a series of questions. Allamistakeo answers them all, while one of the men beg the narrator to consult Ptolemy, Plutarch, and Diodorus Siculus as he asks the questions. At this point the Doctor butts in and asks Allamistakeo to consider modern architecture. The Doctor asks Allamistakeo to consider Bowling-Green Fountain in New York and Capitol at Washington, D. C., as they are prime examples of modern architectural marvels. Allamistakeo then tells the men of a "inferior" palace in Charnac, "He would not pretend to assert that even fifty or sixty of the Doctor's Capitols might have been built within these walls, but he was by no means sure that two or three hundred of them might not have been squeezed in with some trouble." The narrator then asks Allamistakeo what he thinks about railroads. He replies that they are ill-conceived and replies that the iron causeways Egyptians used for building were more than effective. He then told Allamistakeo about the benefits of steel use, to which he replied that the copper tools the Egyptians used were better. The narrator then criticizes Allamistakeo on his ignorance of steam, the same man that interrupted him before chastises him again and calls him a fool, telling him that the steam engine was based on a design by Heron. The Doctor comes to the rescue, asking Allamistakeo if ancient Egyptians had ever produced Ponnonner's lozenges or Brandreth's pills. To this Allamistakeo had to accept defeat and, in triumph, the men dispersed. 
The story ends with the narrator sitting at home finishing his story. In the last lines he writes of his dissatisfaction with his wife, who he calls a shrew, and with the time in general. He plans on eating his breakfast and going back to Ponnanners to get embalmed for a few centuries.
Publication history.
In January 1845, "Columbian Magazine" listed "Some Words with a Mummy" as scheduled for publication; Poe likely pulled the article when he was offered more money for it elsewhere. It was ultimately published in the April 1845 edition of the "American Review", which also included Poe's revised poems "The Valley of Unrest" and "The City in the Sea". The story was republished without changes shortly after in the November 1, 1845, issue of the "Broadway Journal".
Analysis.
This story is a satire of two things. First the popular interest in Egyptology and mummies during the time that this story was written. Secondly the prevailing thought that in the West humanity had reached the height of civilization and knowledge due to the scientific and industrial revolutions.
Satire of Egyptmania.
Poe is clearly poking fun at Egyptmania in this story. In the story a group of men gather together in the middle of the night to examine a mummy for the sake of "scientific discovery". During their examination they act like a group of children that just got a new toy. They poke and prod the mummy just to see what happens, this is evident when they decide to use electricity. The fact that this is going on at the Doctor's private residence and is attended by his friends only, even though they do not have any kind of medical expertise denotes this fact. Although it seems, in modern times, counterproductive to conduct a serious scientific examination in a party like atmosphere, this was commonly done at the time, a fact that Poe is ridiculing here. The mummy is also a method of ridicule here, right down to its name, Allamistakeo. Unlike serious mummy horror stories, the mummy is not scary, and the characters do not react to it as such. It is another device that Poe uses to censure the reader. Upon its resurrection, the mummy chastises the men for their abuse of himself and mummies in general.
Satire of science and knowledge.
In their discussion with Allamistakeo, the men attempt to exalt their time as one of unprecedented knowledge and technology. Again and again, Allamistakeo is able to prove that the technology in his time was not inferior, and often superior, to the modern equivalents. The narrator, who at first is presented as an intelligent, educated man, is later revealed to be completely ignorant. He asks Allamistakeo a series of questions intended to prove that modern technology is superior and each time he asks questions that, ultimately, support Allamistakeo's argument. Even when one of the men tries to stop him and suggests that he consult historical texts before asking his questions, he continues. When the man mentions Ptolemy, the narrators response is "whoever Ptolemy is". In the end, the only reason the men can consider themselves the victors of the debate comes down to cough drops.
Adaptations.
The story was adapted as a one-act opera, "Allamistakeo", by Giulio Viozzi in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20634665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634665" title="Waldo E. Harder">
Waldo E. Harder

Waldo Elmer Harder (1918-1976) was the sixth president of Grace University (then Grace Bible Institute) in Omaha, Nebraska, USA. He held an undergraduate degree from Wheaton College and M.A. and Th.M. degrees from Columbia Bible College and Seminary. He also studied at Northern Baptist Theological Seminary in Chicago.
His career marks his commitments to Christian missions and Christian education. He worked as a missionary among the Hopi people of Arizona from 1943-1946. He was the first superintendent of Berean Academy, a private Christian secondary school in Elbing, Kansas. From 1951 through 1961 he directed the Institut Biblique, a pastoral training institute of the Communauté Mennonite au Congo (then Congo Inland Mission) in the Democratic Republic of Congo (then Belgian Congo). The Institute Biblique is also known as the Kalonda Bible Institute and is located at Kalonda Station, just north of Tshikapa on the east bank of the Kasai River.
From 1961 to 1971, Waldo Harder served as president of Grace University. His administration was marked by record enrollments, facilities expansion including Schmidt Hall (men's dorm) and a new student center, and the first broadcasts of the school's radio station, KGBI-FM.
In 1971, he resigned from Grace and returned to mission work in Africa. Health issues required him to return to the United States in 1973, and he died in 1976. He is buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Newton, Kansas.
The Harder dormitory on Grace University campus is named after him.
References.
Harold J. Berry, Committed to the Vision: 50 Years by the Grace of God; Grace College of the Bible Press, Omaha, NE 1992.
James Bertsche, CIM/AIMM: A Story of Vision, Commitment, and Grace; Fairway Press, Elkhart IN, 1998.
External links.
Berean Academy: http://bereanwarriors.org/history.htm
African Inter-Mennonite Mission: http://www.aimmintl.org
Communauté Mennonite au Congo: http://www.gameo.org/encyclopedia/contents/C654035.html
Grace University: http://www.graceuniversity.edu/
Radio Station KGBI-FM: http://www.kgbifm.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20634668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634668" title="Trevor Herion">
Trevor Herion

Trevor Herion, born John Trevor Herion, (c. Apr. 1959 – October 1988) was an Irish singer, born in Cork who formed part of the punk and new wave scenes in the 1970s and 1980s. He later tried to be successful as a solo artist, but failed, and died shortly afterwards.
Life and career.
During the late 1970s, he was lead singer in a locally successful pub band called "The B-52s", who later changed their name to "The Puritans" on discovering the existence of the similarly named US band. Failure to land a recording contract meant the band’s dissolution but shortly after he was called to join as singer in a New Wave band called The Civilians, comprised by Paul Simon (ex Neo and Radio Stars, now with Ajanta Music) on drums, Mark Scholfield on guitar and Michael French on bass. The band only released two singles: "Made For Television"/"I See My Friends" (Arista, November 1979) produced by Andy Arthurs and without Herion or Simon and featuring French on vocals "In America"/"In Search Of Pleasure" (Secret, September 1980). After that, the band broke up (Later, Scholfield and French formed Academy One).
By 1980 or 1981, Herion and Simon reunited in another band, The Fallout Club, alongside former Bruce Woolley and The Camera Club's Thomas Dolby and Matthew Seligman. They only released 3 singles, which were "Falling Years"/"The Beat Boys", "Dream Soldiers", "Pedestrian Walkway", "Wonderlust"/"Desert Song" (Happy Birthday Records, 1981)
After Fallout Club split up, Herion went solo. He released a number of singles and an unsuccessful album called "Beauty Life" (1983), an album produced by Steve Levine. Nevertheless, an argument over the unauthorised remixing of a 7" version resulted in Levine taking his name off the album and refusing to promote it.
During the 1980s Trevor began to suffer from severe depression which eventually overcame him, leading to his tragic suicide on 1 October 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20634684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634684" title="Cunninghamella">
Cunninghamella

Cunninghamella is a genus of fungus in the Mucorales order, and the family Cunninghamellaceae. 
It can grow on Sabouraud's agar.
Species.
The genus "Cunninghamella" contains 16 species:
Use in the investigation of drug and xenobiotics metabolism.
Members of this genus are often used in studies investigating the metabolism of drugs, because these species metabolize a wide range of drugs in manners similar to mammalian enzyme systems. Many species are also capable of oxidizing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, a class of stable organic molecules that tends to persist in the environment and contains many known carcinogenic and mutagenic compounds.
The presence of a cytochrome P-450 has been demonstrated in "C. bainieri".

</doc>
<doc id="20634690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634690" title="Chondrula tridens">
Chondrula tridens

Chondrula tridens is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is Pontic and southern-European.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20634692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634692" title="Cunninghamellaceae">
Cunninghamellaceae

Cunninghamellaceae is a family of fungi in the Mucorales order.
Brief Taxonomic History.
At one time, this family contained four genera. At present, the number of genera in this family is under debate. According to Benny and Alexopoulos, the family only contains the genus "Cunninghamella". However, other (recent) authors have listed other genera, including "Absidia", "Halteromyces", and "Hesseltinella". The full list can be viewed at the webpage Cunninghamellaceae maintained by Gerald L. Benny.
Morphology.
Hyphae are coenocytic and produce sporangiophores covered in calcium oxalate. Sporangiophores give rise to pedicellate, unispored sporangia. In many cases, the wall of the sporangium and the spore have fused. Zygospores tend to be ornamented and reddish-brown with opposed suspensors.
Ecology.
"Cunninghamella" species are commonly encountered in forest soils, dung, and nuts from the tropics. Species can be isolated using Czapek agar incubated for 3–4 days at 28-31C. A few species are known human pathogens.
Notable Species.
"Cunninghamella elegans"
"Cunninghamella bertholletiae"
"Cunninghamella echinulata"

</doc>
<doc id="20634696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634696" title="Tove Søby">
Tove Søby

Tove Goltermann Søby (née "Nielsen", born January 23, 1933) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. She won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
She was born in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="20634704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634704" title="IC 1517">
IC 1517

IC 1517 is an elliptical galaxy, of apparent magnitude +13.8, in the constellation Pisces. The galaxy is south and west of Gamma Piscium, just south of the ecliptic, and north of the constellation Aquarius. It has a redshift of 0.02449.

</doc>
<doc id="20634706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634706" title="Merdigera obscura">
Merdigera obscura

Merdigera obscura is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands which include:

</doc>
<doc id="20634710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634710" title="Kristine Balanas">
Kristine Balanas

Kristine Balanas (8 May 1990, Dobele, Latvian SSR) is a Latvian violinist who is a laureate of many international violin competitions. She received her first violin lessons at the age of seven.
References.
http://www.guardian.co.uk/music/2010/mar/06/bach-bishopsgate-classical-music

</doc>
<doc id="20634717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634717" title="Lined seahorse">
Lined seahorse

The lined seahorse ("Hippocampus erectus"), northern seahorse or spotted seahorse is a species of fish that belongs to the Syngnathidae family. "H. erectus" is a diurnal species with an approximate length of 15 centimeters (6 inches) and lifespan of one to four years. The "H. erectus" species can be found with a myriad of colors, from greys and blacks to reds, greens, and oranges. The lined seahorse lives in the Atlantic Ocean as far north as Canada and as far south as the Caribbean, Mexico, and Venezuela. It swims in an erect position and uses its dorsal and pectoral fins for guidance while swimming.
Lined seahorses feed mainly on minute crustaceans and brine shrimp, which they suck in through their snout. They are able to suck their prey by creating a current of water leading directly into its snout. Since seahorses are weak swimmers, they must ambush their prey by blending into their surroundings, which they do rather easily. The lined seahorse's eyes can move independently of one another, allowing it to effectively scan its surroundings. The species is sexually dimorphic and it is easy to distinguish between a male and female lined seahorse. The males are larger and also have longer tails. The lined seahorse is monogamous and performs ritual dances every morning to reestablish the bond with its mate. In addition, they create clicking sounds while embracing their partner. This action occurs when they initially find their mate. The intensity of their bond is also conveyed in how they handle the death of their partner: If either the male or female should die, the mate does not automatically replace the deceased mate with a new one. Often, it fails to find a new mate in its short lifespan.
An uncommon trait of the lined seahorse is that the male is the caregiver. During intercourse, the female sprays her eggs into the male's brood pouch where the eggs will incubate for 20–21 days. When the juveniles are ready to hatch, the male attaches its tail to a stationary structure and begins to arch its back, back and forth, releasing the juveniles into the water column. The juveniles are approximately 11 mm at birth. They quickly begin to learn and mimic the behavior of its parent. Courtship between the male and female parents begin immediately after birth.
The habitat of the lined seahorse is diminishing due to coastal growth and pollution, which ultimately is the cause of the decreasing population. The lined seahorse is also used as Chinese medicine and is common in the aquarium trade, contributing to its "vulnerable" status.
Habitat and distribution.
The lined seahorse habitat spans from the northern point of Nova Scotia, Canada,to the southern area of Venezuela in South America. They can be found on the east coast of America in Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and North Carolina, as well as in the waters surrounding Mexico and the Caribbean. Species found in Brazil seem to be of a different species; however, more research is needed to determine this proposal. The lined seahorse is native to the following locations: Nova Scotia, Canada, United States, Bermuda, Cuba, Mexico (Veracruz, Yucatán), Haiti, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Belize, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Guatemala, and Venezuela. 
The temperature in which the "H. erectus" dwells varies with the different latitudes. Temperature has an effect on gonad development, brood size, and juvenile development and survival. Many lined seahorses experience temperature fluctuations during the daily tide cycles, the different seasons of each year, and due to precipitation or runoff. Adults have the ability to migrate to deeper waters during cold seasons. A study showed that the highest survival and growth rate of juveniles occurred at 28 to 29 degrees Celsius in captivity. In addition to temperature, there is also a large range of salinity concentration depending on the location that affect the species. The most common salinity is 25 to 35 ppt. In captivity, the species is most commonly kept at 35 ppt. The "H. erectus" is the only species of seahorse native to the Chesapeake Bay.
Diet.
The lined seahorse utilizes its elongated snout in order to consume its prey, consisting primarily of minute crustaceans, mollusks, and zoo plankton. Unfortunately, some captive parental males have been known to cannibalize small number of its own fry, or juveniles, following its release into natural habitat. In order to ambush its prey, the seahorse employs color changes to camouflage itself with its surrounding environment, locates the prey, and then jerks its head upward, forcing the prey in the right position to be sucked in through its tubular snout. The lined seahorse is highly accurate, especially if its prey is within one inch from its snout. Overall, this process is quick and accurate. A growing lined seahorse may feed continuously for up to ten hours a day, engulfing approximately 3,600 baby brine shrimp.
Predators and parasites.
The predators of the lined seahorse include crabs, rays, various type of sea turtles, skates, seabirds, sharks, tuna, and dolphinfish. Although their camouflage tactics reduce their risk of becoming prey, their poor swimming abilities increase their likelihood of being consumed by their predators, especially large fish.
There are many parasites and infections known to affect the lined seahorse, including ciliates (Uronemamarinum), nematodes, fungi, myxosporidian, and microsporidians (Glugea heraldi).
Behavior.
A unique characteristic of the lined seahorse (and other species of seahorse) is their practice of monogamy: the male and female seahorses choose partners that they will continue to mate with for their lifetime. The monogamous characteristics of the lined seahorse include ritual dances with their partner that they perform every morning. These dances establish their permanent relationship as mates. If a male or female lined seahorse should lose their partner for any reason, it takes time before they replace their mate.
In addition to monogamy, the lined seahorse also cues into sound-making in the mating process. The seahorses have a crown-like bony crest called a coronet located on the backside of their head at the edge of the skull. Each coronet is unique to the organism, just as a fingerprint is unique to every human. The coronet resembles a star pattern and is attached rather loosely and has sharp edges. As the seahorse lifts its head, the edge of the skull slides beneath the coronet and out when the seahorse bows its head. As the skull's edge slides beneath and out from the coronet, a clicking sound is produced. Mating seahorses swim slowly together, alternating their clicking sounds, until they embrace one another. Once the male and female seahorse embrace, the sounds from both the male and female unify, becoming indistinguishable from one another. This action creates a louder, consecutive sound, further establishing their bond.
Reproduction.
During intercourse, the female sprays her eggs into the males pouch, which is called a "brood pouch", where they are fertilized and sealed. Females clutch size can be equal to or greater than one thousand and the males' brood size can range from 97 to 1,552 eggs. The number of eggs the female produces varies depending on the size of the seahorse. Six hundred and fifty eggs can be carried by a single male at one time. The eggs are 1.5 mm in diameter. When the eggs are being incubated within the male's pouch, the embryos are provided oxygen via an extensive capillary system. Through this system, the sodium and calcium levels can be altered in order to maintain homeostasis within the pouch environment. When the embryos are approaching birth, the pouch environment is very similar to the seawater. The gestation period lasts for 20–21 days. When the time finally approaches, the male latches his prehensile tail onto a supportive object while he braces back and forth, until the developed seahorses escape from the pouch. The bracing continues until all seahorses have successfully escaped the pouch. However, unhatched seahorses that have died will create a gas within the male's pouch. Soon after, the male seahorse inevitably floats to the surface, only to become easy prey in the marine food chain.
Juveniles are approximately 11 mm at birth for three days and are considered embryos until they are capable of swimming on their own. Juveniles do not reach maximum size until they are 8–10 months of age. It is estimated by scientists that only about two juveniles grow up to be adults out of the hundreds that are hatched. In captivity, the species maintained a vertical growth rate of 0.55 mm a day for 100 days. Male juveniles develop pouches when they are 5–7 months old. The juvenile seahorses quickly develop the characteristic of the adult lined seahorse. After birth, courtship begins once again. Breeding occurs in the months of May through October in the Chesapeake Bay. July is when the lined seahorse population is the greatest in Florida.
Aquarium life.
The minimum habitat requirements for captive lined seahorses consist of a tank 18 inches vertical in height and 20 to 25 gallons for a pair, 30 to 40 gallons for two pairs. The tank should be kept at a constant temperature between 22 and 25 degrees Celsius (72 and 77 degrees Fahrenheit). The ph value should remain between 8.1 and 8.4 and the specific gravity between 1.020 and 1.025.
The lined seahorse is an easy going species and will not be a threat to other fish that could possibly be in an aquarium. The seahorse thrives in an environment with objects it can hide around and attach its tail to. The "H. erectus" species should be fed multiple times throughout the day, rather than less amount of larger meals. In captivity, the lined seahorse is often fed live or frozen nauplius or Mysis shrimp, grass shrimp, adult brine shrimp, gammarids and caprellid amphipods, krill fish fry, and frozen krill.
Obstacles.
The lined seahorse species was listed as vulnerable since 1996 and was listed as vulnerable in the 2003 IUCN assessment, indicating no significant improvements in protective factors. Due to loss or harm to their habitat by pollution and coastal development, accidental catch, or by purposeful catch, the lined seahorse's population is starting to dwindle, by values of at least thirty percent, probably since 1996 when changes in its population size were noted. The "H. erectus" is a very common species of the aquarium trade, which also affects the population remaining in the wild. The lined seahorse is also used for ornamental decoration and for Chinese medicine. Despite being a popular seahorse for aquarium trade and Chinese medicine, it is only suspected that the species could be a potential candidate for commercial aquaculture. If successful, this could positively affect the population of the lined seahorse.

</doc>
<doc id="20634729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634729" title="Clauss">
Clauss

Clauss is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20634733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634733" title="Victor Simunja">
Victor Simunja

Victor Simunja (born 23 March 1958 at Linyanti, Zambezi Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), Simunja has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia and deputy Defense Minister since 2000. Simunja rose to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Namibian Defence Force prior to entering political office. He is a member of the Mafwe ethnic group, indigenous to the Caprivi Strip.
Military career.
Simunja began his military career in 1975 at the age of 17, fleeing into exile in Zambia. Simunja rose the ranks of the People's Liberation Army of Namibia, the military wing of SWAPO during the Namibian War of Independence. He served in a Cuban artillery regiment in Angola. He trained in both the Soviet Union (Vystrel Military Academy in 1982) and United States (Fort Leavenworth from 1992-1993). In 1990, President Sam Nujoma appointed the Caprivi native as Captain in the Presidential Guard of Honour. From 1991-92, Simunja was based in Oshakati as second in command of the 21C battalion. Simunja was the top instructor at the Okahandja Military School in Okahandja from 1993-1994. 1994 and 1995 saw Simunja stationed as Staff Operating Officer at the army headquarters in Grootfontein.
Involvement in the Caprivi conflict.
Simunja led Namibian military operations in the Caprivi Region (today Zambezi Region) in 1999 and 2000 against UNITA rebels during the final stages of the Angolan Civil War. Simunja came to even greater international prominence in January 2000 when he displayed 81 suspected UNITA rebels to the media at Rundu
Political career.
Simunja was first appointed to the National Assembly as a non-voting member in 2000 by President Nujoma. He was placed at the relatively safe spot of number 24 on SWAPO's National Assembly list prior to the 2004 parliamentary election, which allowed him to return to the National Assembly. In 2002, Simunja came out against private ownership of firearms during a debate in the National Assembly. He was Deputy Minister of Defence from 2000 to 2009, and is currently the Managing Director of Windhoeker Maschinenfabrik.

</doc>
<doc id="20634734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634734" title="Mark Rosenberg">
Mark Rosenberg

Mark Rosenberg (October 22, 1948 – November 6, 1992) was an American film producer whose works included "The Killing Fields" and "Presumed Innocent", who was the President of Worldwide Theatrical Production at Warner Bros. in the 1980s.
Early life and education.
Rosenberg was born and raised in a Conservative Jewish family, in Passaic, New Jersey, where he attended Passaic High School, graduating in 1966. He attended Bard College and the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he was an active leader in the Students for a Democratic Society and its protests against United States involvement in the Vietnam War.
Career.
He moved to Los Angeles to take a position in film marketing with Seineger & Associates. He was hired as a literary agent with International Creative Management and later with Adams, Ray & Rosenberg.
He became vice president for production at Warner Bros. in 1978. Rosenberg was named by Warner Bros. as the president of movie production in July 1983, making him one of the youngest executives to head the film production division of a major motion picture studio, at the age of 35. Rosenberg replaced Robert Shapiro, whose departure was attributed in industry sources cited by "The New York Times" as due to poor financial results for the studio's film in the previous 18 months. He left Warner Bros. in September 1985.
He joined Sydney Pollack in 1985 at Mirage Productions, where their first production was the 1988 release of "Bright Lights, Big City", based on the novel by Jay McInerney. Other films produced at Mirage include "Major League" and "Presumed Innocent".
Spring Creek Productions was formed in 1989 with his wife, producer Paula Weinstein. He met his wife while they were organizing protests at the 1972 Republican National Convention at the event's original planned site in San Diego. The company had a production agreement with Warner Bros., where they produced "The Fabulous Baker Boys", and "Flesh and Bone", the film he was producing at the time of his death.
Personal life and death.
Rosenberg, a resident of Los Angeles, died at age 44 on November 6, 1992 of heart failure on a movie set in Stanton, Texas during the production of the film "Flesh and Bone".
His brother, Alan Rosenberg, is an actor who has been the president of the Screen Actors Guild.
Rosenberg was described as "one of Hollywood's baby moguls" by "The New York Times", which noted that "the roll call of achievements in his obituary was of a length befitting an elder statesman of Hollywood".

</doc>
<doc id="20634741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634741" title="Spiny seahorse">
Spiny seahorse

The spiny seahorse (Hippocampus histrix), also referred to as the thorny seahorse, is a seahorse in the family Syngnathidae (seahorses and pipefishes) of the order Syngnathiformes. "H. histrix" is found in seagrass beds as well as weedy or spongy reefs in the Indo-Pacific and has one of the largest species ranges of any seahorse. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 17 cm in length.
Conservation.
"H. histrix" is listed as vulnerable by both the IUCN and the Viet Nam National Red Data Book. Trade of this species is limited under CITES, requiring licenses and a minimum size limit to be met. Like many other species of seahorse, "H. histrix" is increasingly threatened by traditional and patented Chinese medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20634742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634742" title="Friedrich Kessler">
Friedrich Kessler

Friedrich Kessler (August 25, 1901 – January 21, 1998) was an American law professor who taught at Yale Law School (1935–1938, 1947–1970), University of Chicago Law School, and University of California, Berkeley School of Law. He was a contract law scholar, but also wrote of trade regulation law. He was regarded as a member of the American Legal Realism School.
Born in Hechingen, Province of Hohenzollern, in 1901, he received his law degree from the University of Berlin in 1928. He was a research member of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Foreign and International Law in Berlin until 1934, when he fled Germany to avoid Nazi persecution—his wife Eva Jonas was Jewish. Friedrich Kessler died on January 21, 1998, in Berkeley, CA.
His most celebrated article, "Contracts of Adhesion—Some Thoughts About Freedom of Contract", coined the phrase "contract of adhesion" to describe a contract between parties of greatly unequal bargaining power, such that the dominant party could impose a "take it or leave it" demand on the weaker party. He argued that in such situations Eighteenth or Nineteenth Century concepts of freedom of contract were unrealistic and should be discarded. Kessler saw such contracts as mocking freedom of contract, making it "a one-sided privilege,” in which the historical evolution of the law from status to contract was reversed—a movement "greatly facilitated by the fact that the belief in freedom of contract has remained one of the firmest axioms in the whole fabric of the social philosophy of our culture.”
Selected publications.
Others, among his many articles, were:

</doc>
<doc id="20634760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634760" title="IC 1516">
IC 1516

IC 1526 is a spiral galaxy, the apparent constellation historically known as Pisces. In English, the name means "Fishes".

</doc>
<doc id="20634779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634779" title="David Tunley">
David Tunley

David Evatt Tunley AM (born 1930) is an Australian musicologist and composer noted for his work on French music in the 17th and 18th Centuries. He is currently Emeritus Professor at the School of Music, University of Western Australia in Perth.
Biography.
David Evatt Tunley was born in 1930 in Australia. Tunley joined University of Western Australia in 1958 as the first full-time lecturer in Music. He was appointed to a Personal Chair in 1980 and to the Chair of Music in 1989. 
As a scholar Tunley is internationally recognised as the leading authority on the 18th-century French cantata, and his book on the subject has become the classic study. His books and many articles as well as contributions to the New Grove Dictionary and the New Oxford History of Music, cover a wide range of research including French music from the 17th to 19th centuries, Australian and British music in the 20th century and aspects of music education.
The New York publisher Garland Press has issued twenty-three volumes of 18th and 19th century French vocal music, compiled and edited by Tunley. In 1983 he was made a Chevalier of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques for services to French music, and in 1987 became a Member of the Order of Australia for services to music in his own country. He is a Past National President of the Musicological Society of Australia, Past Chairperson of the Music Board of the Australia Council, and is a former Federal Chairperson of the Australian Music Examinations Board. He has been a Research Fellow at Christ Church and Wolfson Colleges in Oxford and at the Rockefeller Study Center at Bellagio in Italy.
Early in his career he received a French Government scholarship to study composition with the celebrated French teacher Nadia Boulanger. He has created various community events in Perth and the surrounding areas such as the York Winter Music Festival which ran for ten years, and more recently the Terrace Proms. He was the founder conductor of the University Collegium Musicum whose annual Christmas Concert is still one of the musical highlights of the year. Recognition of his work has come through the Australian Academy of the Humanities of which he became a Fellow in 1980. He took early retirement in 1994 in order to devote himself more fully to his research and has been an Honorary Senior Research Fellow in Music since this time. His most recent publications are "18th century French Cantata" (2nd enlarged edition) in 1997 and "The Bel Canto Violin: the life and times of Alfredo Campoli, 1906-1993" (1999).
In May 2010, Lecture Room G.05 in the School of Music at the University of Western Australia was renamed the Tunley Lecture Theatre in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20634790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634790" title="IC 1515">
IC 1515

IC 1515 is a galaxy in the constellation Pisces.

</doc>
<doc id="20634812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634812" title="1969 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1969 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1969 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1969. The team's head football coach was Vince Gibson. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium.
The team was once again led by quarterback Lynn Dickey, and finished the season ranked as the top passing offense in the Big Eight for the second straight year. Kansas State also led the Big Eight in rushing defense. Despite the good statistics, 1969 saw the Wildcats finish with an even record of 5-5, and a 3-4 record in the Big 8. The Wildcats did, however, post the school's first victory over a ranked team in 1969, rolling over #11 Oklahoma 59-21.
Schedule.
!colspan=6| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=6| Conference Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20634830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634830" title="IC 5351">
IC 5351

IC 5351 is an elliptical galaxy in the compact group HCG 97

</doc>
<doc id="20634843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634843" title="Sukhdev Singh Kang">
Sukhdev Singh Kang

Sukhdev Singh Kang ( May 15, 1931 – October 12, 2012) was the fourteenth Governor of Kerala from January 25, 1997 to April 18, 2002. He served as a judge of the Punjab and Haryana High Court from February 1979 and was subsequently promoted and transferred as the Chief Justice of the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, a post he held from October 24, 1989 to May 14, 1993. During his tenure E K Nayanar and A K Antony were the Chief Ministers of Kerala. 
Following his stint as the Governor of Kerala, he was appointed a member of the National Human Rights Commission 1993. He then retired.
Kang died in Chandigarh on October 12, 2012 after a long illness. He was 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20634861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634861" title="IC 5357">
IC 5357

IC 5351 is an intermediate lenticular galaxy in the HCG 97 compact group of galaxies.

</doc>
<doc id="20634865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634865" title="Moxie Sozo">
Moxie Sozo

Core Creative Competencies.
Moxie Sozo is known for its ability to effectively position challenger brands in a competitive market landscape. and Mazda,
Moxie Sozo's packaging design has been featured in more than 100 magazines and books throughout the world. The Dieline.com frequently publishes articles about Moxie Sozo's work, including mentions of clients like Nuun, EatPastry, Snackle Mouth, PROBAR and LEAP Organics.
Awards and Recognition.
Computer Arts Magazine UK named Moxie Sozo "Studio of the Month" and has included the agency in other areas of its publication to provide advice and guidance for other firms. Moxie Sozo's most recent packaging design awards were featured on Choi's Gallery, a bi-monthly publication dedicated to reviewing and presenting the best new graphics from all over the world. Moxie Sozo's creative design efforts for Jade Monk Beverage Co., Left Hand Brewing Co. and LEAP Organics were all recipients of the "Best Packaging Design" award in Choi's Gallery for 2011, along with EatPastry, Snackle Mouth and PROBAR.
Environmental Initiatives.
Moxie Sozo's operations, including all business travel, are 100% carbon neutral. Their Carbon offset supports the non-profit organization Clean Air-Cool Planet. Their zero waste operations program is operated, monitored and audited by Eco-Cycle. Moxie Sozo is powered by 100% renewable energy.
The Hurricane Poster Project and The Haiti Poster Project.
In 2005, after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, Steiner organized a group of international designers and artists to create The Hurricane Poster Project. Designers from all over the world were asked to make and submit posters that could be then sold online to raise money for the victims and the Red Cross. More than 180 different limited-edition series of posters were produced, raising more than US$50,000. In 2007, Leif Steiner was awarded the Circle of Humanitarians Award, the American Red Cross's highest honor.
Three days after the 2010 Haiti earthquake, Leif Steiner of Moxie Sozo and Josh Higgins organized The Haiti Poster Project, a collaboration of 350 designers from 17 countries. The project gained worldwide media attention within days of launching, and the effort has raised thousands of dollars for victims of the earthquake. As a result of this effort, Steiner - along with Lead Designer and Pentagram (design studio) Partner Harry Pearce and Photographer Richard Foster - won the D&AD Professional Award for his contributions to the Haiti disaster relief.
See also.
Sustainable advertising
Boulder, Colorado
The Hurricane Poster Project

</doc>
<doc id="20634880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634880" title="List of Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C. episodes">
List of Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C. episodes

"Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." is an American situation comedy created by Aaron Ruben that originally aired on CBS from September 25, 1964 to May 2, 1969. The series was a spinoff of "The Andy Griffith Show", and the pilot episode was introduced as the final fourth season episode which aired on May 18, 1964. The show ran for five seasons, with a total of 150 half-hour episodes. Despite the series' positive reception (the show remained in the Top 10 Nielsen ratings for all five seasons), Nabors quit because he desired to move to something else, 'reach for another rung on the ladder, either up or down'. In 2006, CBS began releasing the show on DVD; the last season was released in November 2008.
Set in California (originally in North Carolina), it stars Jim Nabors as sweet-but-naive private Gomer Pyle, Frank Sutton as Gomer's and irritable sergeant Vince Carter, and Ronnie Schell as Pyle's best friend, Duke Slater. Though military-themed, the show never discussed the Vietnam War and instead focused on the relationship between Gomer and Sergeant Carter. The series is episodic in format; self-contained plots play out before the episode concludes.

</doc>
<doc id="20634882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634882" title="Dead Drunk">
Dead Drunk

Dead Drunk is a 2006 album by Terrestrial Tones.

</doc>
<doc id="20634923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634923" title="Tokyo Mater">
Tokyo Mater

Tokyo Mater is a 2008 Pixar computer animated short film directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Rob Gibbs and Victor Navone. It is the fourth short in the "" series. The short features characters from the "Cars" films and takes place after the events of "Cars". It was first released with "Bolt", and then had its television premiere on Disney XD on March 12, 2010. It was included in the home release of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation.
Plot.
Mater tells a story to Lightning McQueen about how he used to be a drift king. He is hired as a tow truck driver as he states he'll tow any car anywhere. The tow ends up being to Tokyo, Japan, and Mater tows the car there all away across the Pacific Ocean. While there, he is challenged to a drift race to crown the drift king, with the loser losing all custom modifications and becoming a "stock" car. Mater accepts, and is fitted with custom modifications of his own. As Mater is losing the race, Lightning Dragon McQueen shows up to help Mater fend off an attack by ninjas, allowing Mater to win the race.
Home media.
On November 2, 2010, "Tokyo Mater" was released on DVD and Blu-Ray as part of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="20634950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634950" title="El Materdor">
El Materdor

El Materdor is a 2008 Pixar computer animated short film directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Rob Gibbs and Victor Navone. It is the third short in the "" series. The short features characters from the "Cars" films and takes place after the events of Cars. It was first released on Toon Disney on October 29, 2008, and was included in the home release of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation.
Plot.
Mater tells a story to Lightning McQueen about how he used to be a matador fighting a herd of bulldozers in Spain. When Lightning McQueen arrives, the bulldozers chase him due to his red paint job.
Home media.
On November 2, 2010, "Mater the Greater" was released on DVD and Blu-Ray as part of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="20634951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634951" title="Phycomycetes">
Phycomycetes

Phycomycetes is an obsolete taxon for certain fungi with nonseptate hyphae.
These fungi are currently classified under Zygomycota, Chytridiomycota, Blastocladiomycota, and Oomycota.

</doc>
<doc id="20634964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634964" title="Ajit Prasad Jain">
Ajit Prasad Jain

Ajit Prasad Jain (1902 - 1977) was a former President of the U. P. Congress Committee, member of the Constituent Assembly, Union minister and Governor of Kerala from Saharanpur, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. 
He was an alumnus of the SM College, Chandausi and was elected to the Constituent Assembly from the United Provinces. 
He was a minister with cabinet rank in charge of the Ministry of Rehabilitation under Nehru following the constitution of the First Lok Sabha in 1952. When Rafi Ahmed Kidwai formed the All India Kisan Mazdoor Praja Party owing to ideological differences with the then Congress president Purushottam Das Tandon, Jain handed in his resignation to Nehru in solidarity with Kidwai. Nehru however turned it down.
In 1957 he was elected to the Lok Sabha from Saharanpur and was appointed Cabinet Minister for Food and Agriculture. In 1962 he lost from Kairana to Yashpal Singh, an independent candidate but was fielded by the Congress Party from Tumkur from where he won. 
He succeeded V V Giri as the third governor of Kerala serving from April 2, 1965 to February 6, 1966 during which time the state remained under President's rule.
He chaired the Uttar Pradesh Police Commission, looking into police reforms in the state, from 1960 and it submitted its report in 1961. His "Shadow of the bear: The Indo-Soviet treaty" was published in 1971 and "Kashmir: what really happened", based on his recollection of events that led to the arrest of Sheikh Abdullah in 1953, in 1972.
Ajit Prasad Jain died on December 31, 1977 at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20634972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634972" title="Florin Spulber">
Florin Spulber

Florin Spulber is the Romanian national ski jumping coach and a former ski jumper. He holds the Romanian record in ski jumping with a jump of 118 metres uncertified by a qualified comittee. He also holds the hill record in the K-110 at Borşa in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20634991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634991" title="Cochlodina cerata">
Cochlodina cerata

Cochlodina cerata is a species of air-breathing land snail in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Subspecies.
Subspecies within this species include:
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Carpathians, from Slovakia and northeastern Hungary to northern Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20634994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634994" title="YAGO (database)">
YAGO (database)

YAGO is a knowledge base developed at the Max Planck Institute for Computer Science in Saarbrücken. It is automatically extracted from Wikipedia and other sources.
As of 2012, YAGO2s has knowledge of more than 10 million entities and contains more than 120 million facts about these entities. The information in YAGO is extracted from Wikipedia (e.g., categories, redirects, infoboxes), WordNet (e.g., synsets. hyponymy) and GeoNames. 
The accuracy of YAGO was manually evaluated to be above 95% on a sample of facts. To integrate it to the linked data cloud, YAGO has been linked to the DBpedia ontology and to the SUMO ontology.
YAGO2s is provided in Turtle and tsv formats. Dumps of the whole database are available, as well as thematic and specialized dumps. It can also be queried through various online browsers [http://www.mpi-inf.mpg.de/yago-naga/yago/demo.html] and through a SPARQL endpoint hosted by OpenLink Software. YAGO has been used in the Watson artificial intelligence system.

</doc>
<doc id="20634996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20634996" title="Bulgarica nitidosa">
Bulgarica nitidosa

Bulgarica nitidosa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to Bohemia, in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20635019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635019" title="Colour Collection">
Colour Collection

Colour Collection may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20635035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635035" title="Rescue Squad Mater">
Rescue Squad Mater

Rescue Squad Mater is a 2008 Pixar computer animated short film directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Rob Gibbs and Victor Navone. It is the first short in the "" series. The short features characters from the "Cars" films and takes place after the events of Cars. It was first released on Toon Disney on October 27, 2008, and was included in the home release of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation.
Plot.
Mater tells a story to Lightning McQueen about once being a fire rescue truck. Mater had to rescue McQueen from a burning building, and then had to operate on him as a doctor when he was sent to the hospital via ambulance.
Home media.
On November 6, 2010, "Rescue Squad Mater" was released on DVD and Blu-Ray as part of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="20635044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635044" title="Mater the Greater">
Mater the Greater

Mater the Greater is a 2008 Pixar computer animated short film directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Rob Gibbs and Victor Navone. It is the second short in the "" series. The short features characters from the "Cars" films and takes place after the events of Cars. It was first released on Toon Disney on October 28, 2008, and was included in the home release of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation.
Plot.
Mater tells Lightning McQueen a story about how he used to be a daredevil. He said his greatest stunt was jumping over Carburetor Canyon. However, Lightning McQueen went first, and according to Mater, he didn't make it.
Home media.
On November 6, 2010, "Mater the Greater" was released on DVD and Blu-Ray as part of the "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" compilation disc set.

</doc>
<doc id="20635049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635049" title="Al Clauss">
Al Clauss

Albert Stanley "Lefty" Clauss (June 24, 1891 – September 13, 1952) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Clauss played for the Detroit Tigers in . In 5 career games, he had a 0-1 record, with a 4.73 ERA. He batted right and threw left-handed.
Clauss was born and died in New Haven, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="20635054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635054" title="St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church (Newport, Maryland)">
St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church (Newport, Maryland)

St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Newport is a historic church located at Newport, Charles County, Maryland. It was built about 1840, and converted for use as a parish hall in 1906. It is a rectangular brick structure, four bays in length and three bays wide. It is of simple architectural styling typical of the Greek Revival period in this locality. Located on the property is the church cemetery, which includes the burial plot of the Brent-Merrick family, including congressman William Duhurst Merrick (1793-1857). It has several impressively scaled and ornamented monuments enclosed within a decorative mid-19th century wrought iron fence. Other memorial stones bear the signature of "A. Geddess," who founded the long-active Geddess monument firm of Baltimore in 1822. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20635056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635056" title="Berryfields">
Berryfields

Berryfields is a Major Development Area (MDA) to the north-west of Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England. It is one of two new major housing projects in Aylesbury, the other being Weedon Hill, adjacent and to the east. The plan is, by 2021 for these two areas will provide 3,000 new homes between them. 
The housing developments being built at Weedon Hill and Berryfields form the new neighbourhood and civil parish of Buckingham Park.
Transport.
A new railway station, Aylesbury Vale Parkway opened on 14 December 2008, ready to serve the new housing. The Western Link Road, a new link road, connecting the A41 and the A418 was originally scheduled to open in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20635086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635086" title="Syed Abdul Kadir">
Syed Abdul Kadir

Kadir Syed Abdul, born 16 February 1948, was the first Singaporean to win a medal for boxing in the Commonwealth Games, where he was awarded the bronze medal. He has also been a representative for Singapore in various regional meets.
Boxing career.
Kadir started boxing at the age of 11 and participated in school boxing championships in the light featherweight class. At 18, he trained under a coach who was an ex-professional boxer. He started competitive boxing in the light flyweight division and started to win matches.
In 1968, with a new coach, Kadir won the Singapore Open title which he defended successfully till 1976, when he retired from boxing. In 1969, he won the National Championship and went on to represent Singapore in the South East Asian Peninsular Games (SEAP Games) in Bangkok, which he won a bronze medal. In 1970, Kadir represented Singapore in the Asian Games in Bangkok, in which he lost in the first round. In the 1971 SEAP Games, he won the boxing gold medal after defeating defending SEAP champion Vanla Dawla. For this, the Singapore National Olympic Council (SNOC) awarded him a merit award.
In 1972, Kadir represented Singapore at the 1972 Olympics Games in Munich but failed to obtain any medal due to an injury, a cut sustained on the eyebrow. In 1973, he won the silver medal at the SEAP Games.
In 1974, Kadir won a bronze medal at the British Commonwealth Games in New Zealand, Singapore's third medal at the Games but the first outside weightlifting. He was subsequently named the Sportsman of the Year by the SNOC, in recognition for his contribution to boxing and sports in Singapore. He also attended the Asian Games in Tehran but was lost again in the first round. In 1975, Kadir earned another silver at the SEAP Games in Bangkok.
In late 1976, Kadir announced his retirement after the President's Cup in Jakarta. He retired with a record of 11 losses in over 100 fights and reigned as Singapore champion for eight years.
Coaching career.
After retiring from competition, Kadir began coaching the national boxing team and served on Singapore Amateur Boxing Association (SABA) management committee.
In 1985, the national team won several international medals, including its first Southeast Asian Games gold in 12 years. He was named Coach of the Year by the SNOC for that year, making him the second person after bowler Henry Tan to receive both the Sportsman and Coach of the Year honours.
In 2009, Kadir was elected as the president of the Singapore Amateur Boxing Association (SABA), having served in various capacities at the association over the past three decades - as national coach, honorary secretary and vice-president.
Personal life.
Kadir studied in St Andrew's Primary School and Bartley Secondary School.
Kadir married Zalia Jaffar, a receptionist for the Singapore Sports Council, in 1974. They have a son, Syed Muhammed Fahmy, who also became Singaporean boxing champion and a daughter Hanni.

</doc>
<doc id="20635108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635108" title="Yuto Miyazawa">
Yuto Miyazawa

Yuto Miyazawa ( "Miyazawa Yūto", born February 21, 2000), is a Japanese rock guitarist, and a child prodigy in music.
Biography.
Miyazawa was born on February 21, 2000, in Tokyo, Japan and currently lives there with his parents. Miyazawa was named "The Youngest Professional Guitarist" by Guinness Book of World Records in August, 2008.
Since his discovery, Miyazawa has performed with numerous music legends over the past year including G. E. Smith, Les Paul, Galactic, Deep Banana Blackout, and Ozzy Osbourne.
He has appeared at Madison Square Garden, the famous B. B. King's, Chris Noth and Steve Walter's The Cutting Room, Rodeo Bar in New York City, and at the Gathering of the Vibes festival this past summer.
In May 2009, Miyazawa appeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, where he performed "Crazy Train" playing guitar and singing lead vocals. He named his musical idols as Ozzy Osbourne and Randy Rhoads, and showed his guitar to be an official Rhoads edition polka-dot Flying V. After the performance, Ozzy Osbourne came on stage to give words of encouragement and awarded him with a signed plaque of Ozzy and Randy performing at a concert. Yuto appeared on stage at Blizzcon 2009 with Ozzy to play "Crazy Train" as the first encore performance. In 2010, Yuto came back on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and played "Paranoid." He also played "Crazy Train" with Ozzy Osbourne at Ozzfest 2010.
In 2012, Miyazawa joined rock band, The Robotix, with other young musicians including Logan Robot Gladden, Angelina Baez, Brendan James, Jared Devino and Jon Casel.

</doc>
<doc id="20635122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635122" title="Isao Iwabuchi">
Isao Iwabuchi


</doc>
<doc id="20635125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635125" title="Stream Global Services">
Stream Global Services

Stream Global Services (formerly known as Global BPO Services Corp.), provides BPO services for Fortune 1000 clients, with more than 37,000 employees in 22 countries in 50 contact centers; it currently manages more than 100 million voice, e-mail, and chat contacts a year.
The footprint of the company includes countries across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa delivering service in over 35 languages 
History.
Global BPO Services Corp. was founded by R. Scott Murray in 2007. Global BPO Services raised $250 million in an IPO of a Special Purpose Acquisition Corp in October 2007. It closed the acquisition of Stream Holdings Corporation in July 2008 for $300 million in cash and assumption of debt. In connection with the acquisition of Stream, the company completed a private stock sale to Ares Management for $150 million and a tender offer for most of the publicly held shares of Stream, except those held by the founders of Global BPO Services. Scott Murray is considered one the world's leading experts in BPO services using integrated technology.
On October 1, 2009, Stream Global Services, Inc. acquired e-Telecare in a stock for stock merger valued at approximately $225 million. e-Telecare brought over 10,000 employees and substantial operations in the Philippines. In connection with the merger, the company raised $200 million in a public debt offering led by Goldman Sachs.
The combined company provided a variety of BPO Services including customer care, technical support, marketing services, customer acquisition and retention to some of the worlds largest technology, telecommunication and software companies that included Hewlett Packard, Dell, Apple, Microsoft, Intuit, AT&T, Sprint, RedBox, DishNetwork, Rogers, Bell Canada to name a few.
In 2010 Chairman and CEO R. Scott Murray resigned to return to the investment industry. On June 1, 2011, Trillium Capital LLC, owned by R. Scott Murray, the founder and former CEO of Stream, made an offer to acquire 100% of Stream for $4.65 per share plus assumption of debt. The non-binding proposal also included a provision to extend the exercisability of the public warrants by two years that would otherwise expire in October 2011. The transaction had a total enterprise value of approximately $575 million. The offer was subsequently turned down by the private equity shareholders, who were represented by Ares Capital, Providence Equity Partners and Ayala Corp. Trillium Capital LLC and R Scott Murray agreed to sell its ownership back to the company. Stream was subsequently taken private in 2012 by the three private equity owners at the same price that Trillium Capital sold its shares to the company. Scott Murray went on to a very successful career in venture capital and angel investing to assist innovative technology and software companies.
Corporate Overview.
Stream Global Services is a business process outsource (BPO) service provider specializing in customer relationship management including inbound & outbound sales, customer care, customer retention, back office and technical support & warranty.
Clients.
Some of Stream Global Services notable clients include Dell, Bell Canada (tech support and care) , Salesforce.com, Western Digital, Dish Network, Rogers Wireless, HP, Intuit, Nike and Microsoft.
Locations.
North America (NA)
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Latin America (LATAM)
Asia Pacific (APAC)
Acquisition.
On January 6, 2014, Convergys and Stream announced entry into a definitive merger. Under the agreement, Convergys will acquire Stream for a total enterprise value of $820 Million in cash.

</doc>
<doc id="20635129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635129" title="Succinella oblonga">
Succinella oblonga

Succinella oblonga is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae.
"Succinella oblonga" is the type species of the genus "Succinella".
Distribution.
This species lives in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20635140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635140" title="K. Balachander filmography">
K. Balachander filmography

This following is the list of films to which K. Balachander has contributed. He has directed nearly 80 films and has worked in more than 100 films either as director or writer in multiple languages – Tamil, Telugu, Hindi and Kannada.

</doc>
<doc id="20635142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635142" title="Satellite Award for Best Actress – Drama">
Satellite Award for Best Actress – Drama

Satellite Award for Best Actress - Drama can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20635154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635154" title="Satellite Award for Best Actress – Musical or Comedy">
Satellite Award for Best Actress – Musical or Comedy

Satellite Award for Best Actress - Musical or Comedy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20635165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635165" title="2009 British Superbike Championship season">
2009 British Superbike Championship season

The 2009 British Superbike season was the 22nd British Superbike Championship season. It began at Brands Hatch on 13 April, ending at Oulton Park on 11 October after 26 races held in England and Scotland. 
None of the top four from the 2008 championship returned, as Shane Byrne, Leon Haslam and Tom Sykes moved into the Superbike World Championship, with Cal Crutchlow leaving for the Supersport World Championship.
Having lost his MotoGP ride, Sylvain Guintoli moved into the championship, joining the "Worx Crescent Suzuki" team on a GSX-R1000. HM Plant Honda had an all-new all-Australian line-up, with former World Supersport Championship front-runner Josh Brookes and reigning British Supersport Champion Glen Richards. Reigning champions GSE Racing switched from Ducati to Yamaha, retaining Leon Camier and adding James Ellison to the team. Chris Walker made a return to the championship on a Motorpoint/Henderson Yamaha.
Camier won the title in dominant fashion, winning a series record nineteen races during the season. Team-mate Ellison finished as runner-up with Stuart Easton third. Gary Mason was just as dominant in the Privateers Cup, winning eighteen races en route to the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20635206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635206" title="Walter-Herwig Schuchhardt">
Walter-Herwig Schuchhardt

Walter-Herwig Schuchhardt (March 8, 1900 - January 14, 1976) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian born in Hanover. He specialized in ancient Greek art, particularly sculpture and art from the "Parthenon era" (5th century BC).
He was the son of archaeologist Carl Schuchhardt (1859-1943).
Schuchhardt studied archaeology at the Universities of Tübingen, Göttingen and Heidelberg, earning his doctorate in 1923 with a dissertation on Pergamon friezes, titled "Die Meister des grossen Frieses von Pergamon".
He received his habiltation in 1929 with the thesis, "Die Entstehung des Parthenonfrieses" (Emergence of Parthenon friezes), and later taught classes at the University of Giessen (1934–36). From 1936 to 1968, he was a professor at the University of Freiburg. Among his better known literary works are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20635207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635207" title="Kerry Murphy (musicologist)">
Kerry Murphy (musicologist)

Kerry Murphy is an Australian musicologist noted for her scholarship of colonial music history and French music. Murphy is Professor of Music and Head of Musicology at the University of Melbourne, Australia.
Biography.
Kerry Murphy did her undergraduate and postgraduate degrees at the University of Melbourne. The research for her Ph.D. (1984) "The Formation of the Music Criticism of Hector Berlioz" (Melbourne University Postgraduate scholarship) was supervised by M. François Lesure (Ecole des hautes études, Paris) and Meredith Moon at Melbourne. While studying in Paris (1980–1982) she participated in musicology seminars run by Lesure at the Ecole des hautes études. Before taking up her lecturing job at the Faculty of Music, she worked as an assistant archivist at the Grainger Museum and lecturer at Australian Catholic University and Canberra School of Music. In 1990 she was awarded a Melbourne University Research Fellowship for Women with Career Interruptions, which she half-shared with a lectureship at Melbourne. 
Murphy has attracted substantial external peer reviewed grants and has convened a number of conferences, including “Music’s Audience” (2001, keynote Stephen Banfield, Birmingham), the 2001 National conference of the Musicological Society of Australia and an international Symposium on 19th Century French music in 2004.
She is a founding member of the United Kingdom Arts and Humanities Research Council Network Francophone Music Criticism 1789-1914, and since 2006 has been an Honorary Associate (and Australian corresponding member) of Centre for the History of Music in Britain, the Empire and the Commonwealth, (CHOMBEC) in the UK. She was a member of the artistic advisory board of the Victorian Opera Company.
Murphy’s research interests focus chiefly on 19th-century French music and music criticism, and colonial Australian music history. She has a particular interest in opera and in reception studies. In both her areas of research, Murphy has built up and fostered postgraduate study, running special reading groups and also employing her postgraduates as research assistants. Of her fourteen successful doctorate supervisions, four have books out or about to appear with major publishers. Her postgraduates consistently achieve outstanding results. 
Murphy has been productive in attracting international scholars to the Music Faculty (through a number of grant schemes); this has enriched the scholarly and research climate for staff and postgraduate students.

</doc>
<doc id="20635218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635218" title="Naval Air Station DeLand">
Naval Air Station DeLand

Naval Air Station DeLand was a United States Naval Air Station located in DeLand, Florida from 1942-1946. After the war, the airfield and associated infrastructure was redeveloped into DeLand Municipal Airport
History.
Official Opening.
In 1942, the City of DeLand donated the facility that was located on the grounds to the U.S. Navy and it was renamed Naval Air Station DeLand on 17 November. The airfield officially opened after several months of land acquisition and building construction. CAPT Tom Turner, the air station's first commanding officer, officiated. A Navy band had not been formed, so the DeLand High School band played for the opening of the base. Following extensive military construction, NAS DeLand's primary focus was advanced training for Navy flight crews in land-based PBO Ventura and PB4Y-2 Privateer patrol bombers, and carrier-based SBD Dauntless dive bombers. 
The first planes to arrive were the Venturas. They were not there for training, but were patrolling the coast of Florida looking for German submarines. When the SBD Dauntless dive bombers began to arrive, along with pilots and crew members, the "Venturas" were reassigned to Brazil for patrol duty. The SBDs were aircraft that were being replaced by newer dive bombers in the Pacific Fleet; it was the SBDs that sank the four Japanese carriers at the Battle of Midway. Many of DeLand's citizens were employed at the base and were paid wages that were significant coming out of the depression.
Several of the U.S. Navy's former and present day maritime patrol and reconnaissance (VP) squadrons operating the P-3 Orion trace their squadron lineage to being initially established at NAS Deland during World War II.
Military Training and Exercises.
Nine Mile Point on Lake George was also under NAS Deland's control and was used as a practice bombing site with a Navy PBY Catalina seaplane stationed nearby in the event of an aircraft mishap on the lake. The Lake George site is still used today as part of the Navy's Pinecastle Range complex in the Ocala National Forest that is managed by NAS Jacksonville. 
The DeLand Naval Air Station also had an outlying Field (OLF) in New Smyrna Beach, and bombing targets near Paisley, Hawkinsville, the Indian River Lagoon, and east of Lake Dias.
In 1944, training in the carrier-based F6F Hellcat fighter was also added to NAS DeLand's mission.
Outlying Field New Smyrna Beach refueled and rearmed planes practicing landings at OLF Spruce Creek and conducting target practice over the Atlantic Ocean. The planes occasionally carried 500 pound bombs when they were over the ocean just in case there was a spotting of a German U-boat. Sometimes, the occasional whale was mistaken as a U-boat and was bombed.when? NAS DeLand also had two sailors stationed at the Springs to patrol Lake Woodruff.
Decommissioning.
Following the end of World War II, the base closed as an active naval installation on March 15, 1946. Its control tower also closed and ownership of the air station returned to the City of DeLand as an uncontrolled civilian airport. After the city resumed control of the field, it became DeLand Municipal Airport.
DeLand Naval Air Station Museum.
Located in the historic Chief Master at Arms House in DeLand, Florida, the DeLand Naval Air Station Museum was dedicated in 1995 and focuses on the history of the DeLand Naval Air Station and United States Navy history. Exhibits include an F-14 Tomcat, a TBF Avenger torpedo bomber, a Korean War MASH helicopter, a 1954 U.S. Army jeep, military artifacts, vintage photographs, memorabilia.

</doc>
<doc id="20635222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635222" title="Ryszard Reiff">
Ryszard Reiff

Ryszard Reiff (July 4, 1923 – December 9, 2007) was a Polish politician, lawyer, publicist and resistance fighter. He was a deputy to the Polish parliament (Sejm) during the 1968 Polish political crisis and again during the Martial law in Poland.
Biography.
Born in 1923, Reiff studied law at the University of Warsaw. After German invasion of Poland, he took part in the Polish resistance movement in World War II. He was a member of the right-leaning Konfederacja Narodu (Confederation of the Nation) underground organization and commanded one of the first units of the Uderzeniowe Bataliony Kadrowe (Cadre Strike Battalions). Later, he became a member of the Armia Krajowa (Home Army) by default as the Konfederacja Narodu merged with it, and fought against Nazi Germans near Navahrudak. As a member of Armia Krajowa, he was arrested by the Soviets, and imprisoned for two years (1944-1946).
In 1946 after the Soviet liberation he started work as a publicist, becoming involved with the pro-communist, but also pro-Catholic faction in the Party. First, he worked in Dziś i Jutro newspaper, and from 1950 to 1953 he was a chief editor of Słowo Powszechne daily and publishing arm of the secular Catholic Polish government sponsored PAX Association, during the darkest years of Stalinism in Poland. In 1976, he became PAX deputy director, and in 1979, its full director. He adopted a position supportive of Solidarity, an independent Polish trade union. A Catholic intellectual, he was a committed critic of Polish government policies, and he once urged a coalition to be formed of leaders from Solidarity, the Polish United Workers' Party, and the Catholic Church, advocating "the establishment of a corporatist arrangement between major political actors as the only way to stabilize Poland's political situation and resolve the deepening economic crisis." From 1965 to 1969 he was a deputy to the Polish parliament (Sejm).
On the night of December 12/13, 1981, martial law was proclaimed in Poland. In an effort to try to make the implementation of martial law appear legal, the Polish military ordered the Polish Council of State—a collective presidency—to approve it by a formal vote. Reiff was the only member of the Council of State to vote against the measure, and he lost his position in the Council the following year. In January 1982, he was removed from his leadership of PAX by several members of the organization. Some observers were reported to have concluded that this was because those members wanted to change the direction of PAX towards a pro-government stance similar to what it held in the 1950s, though one source contends that the removal was engineered by the leadership of the Polish government in an effort to re-assert its control over the group. From 1980 to 1985, he was once again a Sejm deputy.
With the coming fall of communism in Poland, from 1989 to 1991 he was a member of the Solidarity Citizens' Committee, and joined the Democratic Union party. 
He was a chairman of the Association of Sybiraks (Polish exiles to Siberia). Between 1939 and 1941, and 1944 and 1953, around 1.8 million Poles were deported to the Russian region of Siberia, resulting in 500 000 deaths. Ostensibly, the deportations occurred to those who had resisted the Soviet takeover of eastern Poland in 1939, assisted the Nazis during the Second World War, and who were members of the Polish Home Army—an anti-Communist resistance group during the war. A number of human rights groups in Poland protesting against the deportations that occurred, formed the Siberian Union in 1988 with Reiff as its leader.
He died on 9 December 2007 in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20635240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635240" title="James Augustine Shannon">
James Augustine Shannon

James Augustine Shannon (9 August 1904 – 20 May 1994) was an American nephrologist who served as director of National Institutes of Health (NIH) from 1955-1968. In 1962 he was awarded the Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences.
A collection of his papers is held at the National Library of Medicine in Bethesda, Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20635248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635248" title="Morgantown, Marion County, Mississippi">
Morgantown, Marion County, Mississippi

Morgantown is an unincorporated community located on Mississippi Highway 587 in northwest Marion County, Mississippi, United States.
Morgantown was first established by the LeNoir family from South Carolina shortly after the turn of the 19th century. It was an early settlement on the Pearl River and was originally known as LeNoir's Landing. William Thomas LeNoir settled the area, while his brother Hope Hull LeNoir settled a nearby area now known as White Bluff.
Robert Baylor, a Revolutionary War veteran and contractor from Virginia, was hired by LeNoir to construct a plantation home on the banks of the Pearl River. Baylor traveled to Mississippi with slaves owned by LeNoir. Baylor first lived in a one-room house, now known as the Newsom Home. The LeNoir House was completed in 1818. A family cemetery is located in the heart of what is now Morgantown, and a slave cemetery was located nearby.
Following the Civil War other families moved into the area. By 1910, most members of the LeNoir family had relocated elsewhere. In the early 1890s, James Austin "Jim" Morgan and his wife Samantha (née Dunaway), moved to the local area, becoming the first Morgans to settle in the community. They established the first store in the local community in 1896. Two years later they donated the timber for the construction of the community's first school.
In 1905, Will Russell was instrumental in the establishment of a local post office. He named it "Claude" after his daughter, Sallie Claude Russell. As a result, the local community became known as the "Village of Claude". James Austin Morgan's son, B. J. Morgan, was appointed to serve as the community's first postmaster. The railroad made its way through the community soon after the turn of the 20th century. By 1914 construction began on a local train depot. When it was nearing completion, railroad officials were discussing a name for the community. Lizzie Dunaway Morgan overheard the discussion and exclaimed, "Hmph! Seems like to me they'd call it Morgantown with all the Morgans living here!"
On February 27, 1915, the name of the post office and community was changed to Morgantown. The community has its own church, Morgantown Church of God, and a local volunteer fire department and water association.

</doc>
<doc id="20635289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635289" title="Spectral geometry">
Spectral geometry

Spectral geometry is a field in mathematics which concerns relationships between geometric structures of manifolds and spectra of canonically defined differential operators. The case of the Laplace–Beltrami operator on a closed Riemannian manifold has been most intensively studied, although other Laplace operators in differential geometry have also been examined. The field concerns itself with two kinds of questions: direct problems and inverse problems.
Inverse problems seek to identify features of the geometry from information about the eigenvalues of the Laplacian. One of the earliest results of this kind was due to Hermann Weyl who used David Hilbert's theory of integral equation in 1911 to show that the volume of a bounded domain in Euclidean space can be determined from the asymptotic behavior of the eigenvalues for the Dirichlet boundary value problem of the Laplace operator. This question is usually expressed as ``Can one hear the shape of a drum?", the popular phrase due to Mark Kac. A refinement of Weyl's asymptotic formula obtained by Pleijel and Minakshisundaram produces a series of local spectral invariants involving covariant differentiations of the curvature tensor, which can be used to establish spectral rigidity for a special class of manifolds. However as the example given by John Milnor tells us, the information of eigenvalues is not enough to determine the isometry class of a manifold (see isospectral). A general and systematic method due to Toshikazu Sunada gave rise to a veritable cottage industry of such examples which clarifies the phenomenon of isospectral manifolds.
Direct problems attempt to infer the behavior of the eigenvalues of a Riemannian manifold from knowledge of the geometry. The solutions to direct problems are typified by the Cheeger inequality which gives a relation between the first positive eigenvalue and an isoperimetric constant (the Cheeger constant). Many versions of the inequality have been established since Cheeger's work (by R. Brooks and P. Buser for instance).

</doc>
<doc id="20635292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635292" title="Soatest">
Soatest

Parasoft SOAtest is a testing and analysis tool suite for testing and validating APIs and API-driven applications (e.g., cloud, mobile apps, SOA). Basic testing functionality include functional unit testing, integration testing, regression testing, system testing, security testing, simulation and mocking, and load testing.
Supported technologies include Web services, REST, JSON, MQ, JMS, TIBCO, HTTP, XML, EDI, mainframes, and custom message formats.
Parasoft SOAtest introduced Service virtualization via server emulation and stubs in 2002; by 2007, it provided an intelligent stubs platform that emulated the behavior of dependent services that were otherwise difficult to access or configure during development and testing. Extended service virtualization functionality is now in Parasoft Virtualize, while SOAtest provides intelligent stubbing.
SOAtest is used by organizations such as Cisco, IBM, HP, Fidelity, Bloomberg, Vanguard, AT&T, IRS, CDC, Tata Consultancy Services, Comcast and Sabre.

</doc>
<doc id="20635304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635304" title="Managerial hubris">
Managerial hubris

Managerial hubris is the unrealistic belief held by managers in bidding firms that they can manage the assets of a target firm more efficiently than the target firm's current management. Managerial hubris is one reason why a manager may choose to invest in a merger that on average generates no profits.

</doc>
<doc id="20635342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635342" title="Toyama National College of Maritime Technology">
Toyama National College of Maritime Technology

The college merged with Toyama National College of Technology in 2009.
Toyama college maritime programs.
The programs are of about 5 to 5.5 years (maritime) including practical training in the sea. The college conducts following maritime programs:

</doc>
<doc id="20635381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635381" title="Herbert Smith (producer)">
Herbert Smith (producer)

Herbert Smith (1901–1986) was a British film producer.
He was born on 30 June 1901 in London.
He started in production with G.B. Samuelson, joined Paramount British for the production of The Officer's Mess, then in 1932 went to work for his elder brother Sam at British Lion as assistant director on The Frightened Lady, The Calendar, Whiteface, There Goes the Bride, Sally Bishop, The Ringer, King of the Ritz. Herbert then started to direct in 1930 with on the Air, In Town Tonight, Soft Lights and Sweet Music, Calling all Stars, It's a Grand Old World, Leave it to Me, He's Got Everything, In 1938, I've Got a Horse, Around the Town, Home from Home and in 1939, All at Sea. By this time he was the production supervisor at Beaconsfield Studios. Herbert was a great one for deleting his name from the credits. As Executive in charge of Production, many films he controlled while at Denham Studios went by uncredited, such as Henry V and Hamlet both with Laurence Olivier. There are many others not all mentioned here. In 1956 Herbert was called by Sidney Box who asked if he would make a movie about the new Rock 'n' Roll. What came out of this was The Tommy Steele Story, with great music by Lionel Bart – his first movie score. Herbert followed up with _6.5 Special (1958)_with all the pop stars of the period. His last film was Too Young to Love (1960) with Thomas Mitchell in 1960.
He was an assistant director on five films between 1930 and 1933, before the first 13 for which he was director (the last of them in 1940). He produced 69 films (including the majority of his director-credited films), for Denham Film Studios and British Lion Films from 1933 to 1963, including the war film "They Were Not Divided" in 1950.
He died on 4 February 1986 in Ramsgate, Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20635385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635385" title="Stan Costello">
Stan Costello

Stan Costello is a retired Australian rules football player who played for West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) from 1954-1964.
Costello, a defender, had his best year in 1956 when he was selected in the All-Australian team at the 1956 Perth Carnival and jointly won West Adelaide's Best and Fairest award with Aldo Rossetto.

</doc>
<doc id="20635416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635416" title="Stewardship theory">
Stewardship theory

Stewardship theory is a theory that managers, left on their own, will indeed act as responsible stewards of the assets they control.
This theory is an alternative view of agency theory, in which managers are assumed to act in their own self interests at the expense of shareholders. It specifies certain mechanisms which reduces agency loss including tie executive compensation, levels of benefits and also managers incentive schemes by rewarding them financially or offering shares that aligns financial interest of executives to motivate them for better performance.
In American politics, an example of the stewardship theory is where a president practices a governing style based on belief they have the duty to do whatever is necessary in national interest, unless prohibited by the Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="20635433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635433" title="Bob Glover">
Bob Glover

Bob Glover is best known as an author of instructional running books. He is author of the book "The Runner's Handbook : The Bestselling Classic Fitness Guide for Beginning and Intermediate Runners", which is a best-seller trade paperback. Another Glover book, "The Competitive Runner's Handbook" has sold nearly 200,000 copies.
Glover is also notable for his coaching. In 1978, he directed his first New York Road Runners class. More than 3000 runners of varying skill levels participate yearly in these classes. In addition, he conducts the City Sports for Kids track program for the New York Road Runners.

</doc>
<doc id="20635441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635441" title="Bhagwan Sahay">
Bhagwan Sahay

Bhagwan Sahay, OBE (February 15, 1905 – December 6, 1986) was the Governor of Kerala, India, from February 6, 1966 to May 15, 1967. Bhagwan Sahay took over as the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir on May 15, 1967 and continued till July 3, 1973. He was an ICS officer and an alumnus of the S.M College in Chandausi, Moradabad and became the second alumni of that College, after his immediate predecessor Ajit Prasad Jain, to become governor of Kerala. Before his stint in Kerala, he was also the Lieutenant Governor of Punjab. In the 1970s, under President VV Giri, a former governor of Kerala himself, he headed the committee of governors which sought to outline guidelines for constitutional heads. 
He was awarded the Padma Bhushan, and was appointed an OBE in the 1945 Birthday Honours. He was the younger brother of former Assam Governor Vishnu Sahay.

</doc>
<doc id="20635451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635451" title="Party Monsters Cabo">
Party Monsters Cabo

Party Monsters Cabo is a reality TV show airing on E!. The show involves party planners competing at the LG Villa in Cabo to see who can throw the "ultimate party" for Hollywood's A-Listers to win a contract with LG for their partys. The show is hosted by Brian Worley and Michele Merkin.
Episodes.
Episode 1: Lil' Jon.
"First aired Dec. 2 2008"
In this first episode the contestants had to plan a party for Lil' Jon
Event Planner(s): Brian
Party Success: No
Bottom Two/Three: Brian, Jilina, Ebony
Eliminated: Brian
Episode 2: Diddy.
"First aired Dec. 9 2008"
The remaining contestants plan a party for Diddy
Event Planner(s): Brett, Kinsey
Party Success: Yes
Bottom Two/Three: Ebony, Jilina, Tania
Eliminated: Ebony
Episode 3: Brody Jenner & Frankie Delgado.
"First aired Dec. 16 2008"
The planners learned that they would be planning for Brody Jenner's best friend Frankie Delgado, to forget about his last break-up. They split up into teams (Adrial, Cori, & Tania; Brett & Jilina; Kinsey & Tyler Barnett and planned an event to present to the judges, including Brody. The team of Adrial, Cori, and Tania became the event planners for Frankie's party. Kinsey was in charge of getting hot girls to mud wrestle, but planned to sabotage the party by hiring ugly women to wrestle. Jilina was in charge of catering and getting an ice sculpture, but shortly after she almost broke her ankle, and couldn't do the job. Kinsey, Brett, and Tyler Barnett were away for seven hours, and no one was able to reach them. Once they got back, Jilina told them what happened and said she ordered a smaller block of ice, but when they sculptor came, he brought a bigger one then expected. Brett argued with him and said that the ice will leak all over the place, and people will slip and fall. Jilina was furious and told the man to not worry about it and finish the job, but he left angrily and left the block of ice standing in front of the pool. Brett was now in charge of getting rid of the block of ice, while Jilina feared of being up for elimination after what Brett did. The party began with people entering on a red carpet and greeted with either a vodka or tequila shot. The other three girls asked Kinsey where are the mud wrestlers and said they would be there shortly, and for Brody to introduce them to Frankie. When the wrestlers arrived everyone quickly realized that they were transvestites, and said that whoever is responsible for them has to jump in and wrestle instead. Tania and Cori took one for the team, and wrestled each other in their bikinis which made the guys feel much better. Later on that night, Frankie got completely wasted and was being obnoxious. He went into the living room to get his pants, and Tania told him to get out of the living room several times and Frankie claimed that she yelled at him. When he finally left the room, Adrial also got completely wasted and acted very unprofessional near the end of the party. The next day it was time for the results of the party with Frankie and Brody also judging. Michele and Brian called down the party planners while Frankie expressed his opinion on them, and first started with Tania, and brought up how he felt the party was ruined because she yelled at him. But Tania claimed that she didn't yell at him, and asked him more than once to leave the living room to keep it clean. Michele then asked for anything else that they would like to say, and Tania apologized if Frankie felt that she yelled at him, Cori said she didn't deserve to go home because she did her part well, while Adrial also felt he did his part and calling Frankie "intoxicated" which ended up insulting him. They then asked for everybody to go back to house while they deliberate. Frankie told them that he would like to do the elimination since it was his party, and that he wasn't sure if Tania or Adrial should go home. The judges called the bottom three back down, and in the end Tania was once again spared, sending Adrial home.
Event Planners: Adrial, Cori, Tania
Party Success: No
Bottom Two/Three: Cori, Adrial, Tania
Eliminated: Adrial
Episode 4: Khloé & Kourtney Kardashian.
"First aired Dec. 23 2008"
Khloé and Kourtney Kardashian throw a party for two friends that have never been to Mexico. They wanted a sexy Mexican party with all the traditional food and drinks. They chose Jilina and Kinsey to be the party planners. Tania was in the entrance giving flowers to every girl so they can put the flower in their hair. Before the party started the buffet got on fire but they had more food and tablecloths and they make it work. Everyone had a good time in the party, they had margaritas and tequila, they also had a pinata. The Kardashians and their friends decided that the party was a success. Tania was not helping in the party as she should, she was upstairs during the party, that's the reason why she was sent home.
Event Planners: Jilina & Kinsey
Party Success: Yes
Bottom Two/Three: Brett, Cori, Tania
Eliminated: Tania
Episode 5: Carmen Electra.
Carmen Electra wants to throw a party for her boyfriend, Rob Patterson. She asked for a childish but sexy birthday party for Rob. Carmen chose Cori to be the event planner. Carmen wanted to pop out of a cake and give Rob a sexy surprise but the cake that Cori gave her was small and Carmen did not pop out of it, instead they looked for a girl at the party and Jilina asked if she wanted to pop out of the cake and gave Rob a lap dance. She agreed. In the end Carmen said that the party had fun moments but it was not a success.
Event Planners: Cori
Party Success: No
Bottom Two/Three: Cori, Tyler Barnett, Jilina
Eliminated: Tyler
Episode 6: 50 Cent.
50 Cent wants to celebrate his upcoming releases: A movie, a and his new CD. He wanted a party that represented him. His assistant helped him decide who were the party planners. They were two teams, Kinsey & Brett and Cori & Jilina. The assistant end up choosing Kinsey and Brett to be the party planners. Cori was in charge of the catering and Brett asked Jilina to decorate the Game Room. This room was the most important part of the night, that's the room were people could try the videogame and it had to be sexy. 50 also asked for a stage because he wanted to sing. Jilina and Brett fight a lot during this episode. In the elimination 50 decided that the party was a success, and Cori and Jilina were up for elimination. During the party Cori asked 50 Cent what alcoholic drink he wanted, he got offended because he doesn't drink; Jilina was in charge of the game room and it was not sexy as 50 asked. Jilina was sent home.
Event Planners: Kinsey & Brett
Party Success: Yes
Bottom Two/Three: Cori, Jilina
Eliminated: Jilina
Episode 7: Missy Elliott.
The remaining contestants plan a party for Missy Elliott.
Event Planners: Cori
Party Success: No
Bottom Two/Three: Cori, Kinsey, Brett
Eliminated: Cori

</doc>
<doc id="20635470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635470" title="2005 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team">
2005 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team

The 2005 Texas A&M Aggies football team completed the season with a 5-6 record. The Aggies had a regular season Big 12 record of 3-5.
Season.
Despite being ranked #17 in preseason polls, the 2005 Aggie defense ranked 107th nationally (out of 119 Division I NCAA teams) and allowed 443.8 yards per game. This prompted head coach Dennis Franchione to dismiss defensive coordinator Carl Torbush. Franchione then hired former Western Michigan head coach Gary Darnell to replace Torbush.
Roster.
Jason Jack

</doc>
<doc id="20635511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635511" title="Cycle Oregon">
Cycle Oregon

Cycle Oregon is a week-long recreational bicycle ride held annually in different parts of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is also the name of a non-profit corporation established in 1991 to manage the event. More than a thousand riders participate every year and are supported by vans, meals and facilities.
History.
The first Cycle Oregon event took place in September 1988, covering 320 miles (515 kilometers) between the Oregon cities of Salem and Brookings. More than 1,000 cyclists participated. By 1994, there were more than 2,000 participants. 
Description.
The number of participants has been as high as 2,200, but Cycle Oregon currently limits the number to 2,000 participants. The route varies from year to year. In 2008, Cycle Oregon began in Elgin on September 6, and finished at Wallowa Lake on September 12, covering more than 420 miles (676 kilometers). Cycle Oregon is a supported ride; participants are provided with meals, camping facilities, shower and restroom facilities, and sag wagon support. The cost in 2010 was $850 per rider. Proceeds from Cycle Oregon are donated to charitable projects in the communities that host the event.

</doc>
<doc id="20635519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635519" title="Rambla Just Oliveras (Barcelona Metro)">
Rambla Just Oliveras (Barcelona Metro)

Rambla Just Oliveras is a station of the Barcelona Metro located in the municipality of L'Hospitalet de Llobregat. It's served by L1. It's linked with the L'Hospitalet de Llobregat railway station, the main Rodalies Barcelona and mid-distance transport hub in the area.
The metro station opened in 1987. Located under Rambla Just Oliveras between carrer de Parral and avinguda de Can Serra, the station can be accessed from the latter, as well as from the Rambla of the same name and from carrer dels Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="20635523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635523" title="The Boss' Wife">
The Boss' Wife

"The Boss's Wife" is a 1986 American comedy film directed by Ziggy Steinberg and starring Daniel Stern, Arielle Dombasle and Christopher Plummer.

</doc>
<doc id="20635535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635535" title="2008 Queensland Reds season">
2008 Queensland Reds season

This article covers the 2008 results and statistics of Super Rugby side, the Reds.
Regular season.
Week 9.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye

</doc>
<doc id="20635551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635551" title="Punctum pygmaeum">
Punctum pygmaeum

Punctum pygmaeum is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.
Shell description.
The shell is very small, 1.2-1.6 mm in width.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20635558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635558" title="Depression of 1920–21">
Depression of 1920–21

The Depression of 1920–21 was an extremely sharp deflationary recession in the United States, shortly after the end of World War I. It lasted from January 1920 to July 1921. The extent of the deflation was not only large, but large relative to the accompanying decline in real product.
A range of factors have been identified contributing to the depression, many relating to adjustments in the economy following the end of World War I. There was a brief Post-World War I recession immediately following the end of the war which lasted for 7 months. The economy started to grow, though it had not yet completed all the adjustments in shifting from a wartime to a peacetime economy. Factors identified as potentially contributing to the downturn include: returning troops which created a surge in the civilian labor force, a decline in labor union strife, changes in fiscal and monetary policy, and changes in price expectations.
Following the end of the Depression of 1920–21, the Roaring Twenties brought a period of economic prosperity.
Overview.
The recession lasted from January 1920 to July 1921, or 18 months, according to the National Bureau of Economic Research. This was longer than most post-World War II recessions, but was shorter than recessions from 1910–12 and 1913-1914 (24 and 23 months respectively) and significantly shorter than the Great Depression (132 months). Estimates for the decline in Gross National Product also vary. The U.S. Department of Commerce estimates GNP declined 6.9%, Nathan Balke and Robert J. Gordon estimate a decline of 3.5%, and Christina Romer estimates a decline of 2.4%. There is no formal definition of economic depression, but two informal rules are a 10% decline in GDP or a recession lasting more than three years.
The recession of 1920–21 was characterized by extreme deflation — the largest one-year percentage decline in around 140 years of data. The Department of Commerce estimates 18% deflation, Balke and Gordon estimate 13% deflation, and Romer estimates 14.8% deflation. The drop in wholesale prices was even more severe, falling by 36.8%, the most severe drop since the American Revolutionary War. This is worse than any year during the Great Depression (adding all the years of the Great Depression together, however, yields more severe deflation). The deflation of 1920–21 was extreme in absolute terms, and also unusually extreme given the relatively small decline in gross domestic product.
Unemployment rose sharply during the recession. Romer estimates a rise to 8.7% from 5.2% and an older estimate from Stanley Lebergott says unemployment rose from 5.2% to 11.7%. Both agree that unemployment quickly fell after the recession, and by 1923 had returned to a level consistent with full employment. The recession also saw an extremely sharp decline in industrial production. From May 1920 to July 1921, automobile production declined by 60% and total industrial production by 30%. At the end of the recession, production quickly rebounded. Industrial production returned to its peak levels by October 1922. The AT&T Index of Industrial Productivity showed a decline of 29.4%, followed by an increase of 60.1% – by this measure, the recession of 1920–21 had the most severe decline and most robust recovery of any recession between 1899 and the Great Depression. Using a variety of indexes, Victor Zarnowitz found the recession of 1920–21 to have the largest drop in business activity of any recession between 1873 and the Great Depression. (By this measure, Zarnowitz finds the recession to be only slightly larger than the Recession of 1873–79, Recession of 1882–85, Recession of 1893–94 and the recession of 1907–08.)
Stocks fell dramatically during the recession. The Dow Jones Industrial Average reached a peak of 119.6 on November 3, 1919, two months before the recession began. The market bottomed on August 24, 1921, at 63.9, a decline of 47% (by comparison, the Dow fell 44% during the Panic of 1907 and 89% during the Great Depression). The climate was terrible for businesses – from 1919 to 1922 the rate of business failures tripled, climbing from 37 failures to 120 failures per every 10,000 businesses. Businesses that avoided bankruptcy saw a 75% decline in profits.
Causes.
Factors that economists have pointed to as potentially causing or contributing to the downturn include: troops returning from the war which created a surge in the civilian labor force, a decline in labor union strife, a shock in agricultural commodity prices, tighter monetary policy, expectations of deflation.
End of World War I.
Adjusting from war time to peace time was an enormous shock for the U.S. economy. Factories focused on war time production had to shut down or retool their production. A short Post-World War I recession occurred in the United States following Armistice Day, but this was followed by a growth spurt. The recession that occurred in 1920, however, was also affected by the adjustments following the end of the war, particularly the demobilization of soldiers. One of the biggest adjustments was the re-entry of soldiers into the civilian labor force. In 1918, the Armed Forces employed 2.9 million people. This fell to 1.5 million in 1919 and a mere 380,000 by 1920. The impact on the labor market was most striking in 1920, when the civilian labor force increased by 1.6 million people, or 4.1%, in a single year (though smaller than Post-World War II demobilization in 1946 and 1947, it is otherwise the largest documented one-year labor force increase). In the early 1920s, both prices and wages changed more quickly than today, and thus employers may have been quicker to offer reduced wages to returning troops, hence lowering their production costs, and lowering their prices.
Labor unions.
During World War I, labor unions had increased their power—the government had great need for goods and services, and with so many young men in the military, there was a tight labor market. Following the war, however, there was a period of turmoil for labor unions, as they lost their bargaining power. In 1919, 4 million workers went on strike at some point, significantly more than the 1.2 million in the preceding years. Major strikes included an iron and steel workers strike in September 1919, a bituminous coal miners strike in November 1919 and a major railroad strike in 1920. According to economist J.R. Vernon, however, "By the spring of 1920, with unemployment rates rising, labor ceased its aggressive stance and labor peace returned."
Monetary policy.
Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz, in "A Monetary History of the United States", consider mistakes in Federal Reserve policy as a key factor in the crisis. In response to post-World War I inflation the Federal Reserve Bank of New York began raising interest rates sharply. In December 1919 the rate was raised from 4.75% to 5%. A month later it was raised to 6% and in June 1920 it was raised to 7% (the highest interest rates of any period except the 1970s and early 1980s).
Deflationary expectations.
Under the Gold Standard, a period of significant inflation of bank credit and paper claims would be followed by a wave of redemptions as depositors and speculators moved to secure their assets. This would lead to a deflationary period as bank credit and claims diminished and the money supply contracted in line with gold reserves. The introduction of the Federal Reserve System in 1913 had not fundamentally altered this link to gold. The economy had been generally inflationary since 1896, and from 1914 to 1920, prices had increased quickly. People and businesses thus expected prices to fall substantially.
Government response.
President Woodrow Wilson's slow response to the depression was criticized by those in the Republican party, catapulting them into the White House under the banner of Warren Harding. Once in office, he convened a President's Conference on Unemployment at the instigation of then Commerce Secretary Herbert Hoover as a result of rising unemployment during the recession. About 300 eminent members of industry, banking and labor were called together in September 1921 to discuss the problem of unemployment. Hoover organized the economic conference and a committee on unemployment. The committee established a branch in every state having substantial unemployment, along with sub-branches in local communities and mayors' emergency committees in 31 cities. The committee contributed relief to the unemployed, and also organized collaboration between the local and federal governments. President Warren G. Harding signed the Emergency Tariff of 1921 and the Fordney–McCumber Tariff.
However, by the time Harding had called his conference, the countries economy had already shown signs of rebound, and merely allowed for President Harding to claim success.
Interpretations of the end.
Some economists and historians argue that the 1921 recession was a necessary market correction, required to engineer the massive realignments required of private business and industry following the end of the War. Historian Thomas Woods argues that President Harding's laissez-faire economic policies during the 1920-21 recession, combined with a coordinated aggressive policy of rapid government downsizing, had a direct influence (mostly through intentional non-influence) on the rapid and widespread private-sector recovery. Woods argued that, as there existed massive distortions in private markets due to government economic influence related to World War I, an equally massive "correction" to the distortions needed to occur as quickly as possible to realign investment and consumption with the new peace-time economic environment.
Daniel Kuehn's recent research calls into question many of the assertions Woods makes about the 1920-21 recession. Kuehn argues that the most substantial downsizing of government was attributable to the Wilson administration, and occurred well before the onset of the 1920-21 recession. Kuehn notes that the Harding administration raised revenues in 1921 by expanding the tax base considerably at the same time that it lowered rates. Kuehn also argues that Woods underemphasizes the role the monetary stimulus played in reviving the depressed economy and that, since the 1920-21 recession was not characterized by a deficiency in aggregate demand, fiscal stimulus was unwarranted. Economist Paul Krugman, who is critical of the Austrian interpretation, notes that the monetary base expanded significantly from 1922-1925, and that this expansion was accompanied by a reduction in commercial paper rates. Allan Meltzer suggests that deflation and the flight of gold from hyper-inflationary Europe to the U.S. also contributed to the rising real money stock and economic recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="20635560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635560" title="W32tm">
W32tm

In computing, codice_1 is a command-line tool of Microsoft Windows operating systems used to diagnose problems occurring with time setting. It was introduced as a standard feature of Windows XP.

</doc>
<doc id="20635582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635582" title="Carlos Acuña">
Carlos Acuña

Carlos Acuña (November 3, 1914 – February 19, 1999) was an Argentine Tango singer and composer. As a vocalist, he was best known for his performance of "La Calesita" ("The Merry-Go-Round"); and as a composer, for "Un boliche" ("A Tavern"). 
Born Carlos Ernesto di Loreto, Acuña began his career in the 1930s and became known for his deep and highly expressive voice. He performed with orchestra leaders such as Ernesto de la Cruz, Carlos di Sarli, and Mariano Mores; the poet and tango lyricist Celedonio Flores, his closest friend, introduced many of his performances until his own death in 1947.
Acuña joined Mores' orchestra in 1955, with whom he recorded 15 albums for Odeon Records. His foreign travels as a performer brought him success in Uruguay, Mexico, Italy and Spain, where he became a close friend of the exiled Juan Perón. He lived in Spain for 17 years, where he obtained great success, then returned to Argentina in 1978.
He died in Buenos Aires in 1999, and was interred in La Chacarita Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20635586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635586" title="Mountainair, New Mexico">
Mountainair, New Mexico

Mountainair is a town in Torrance County, New Mexico, United States. It was founded in 1903 by John Corbett, Colonel E. C. Manning, and former U.S. Governor E. S. Stover. The population was 1,116 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area. The main visitor center for Salinas Pueblo Missions National Monument is in town.
Geography.
Mountainair is located at (34.519726, -106.243218).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 1.0 square miles (2.7 km²), all of it land.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,116 people, 452 households, and 281 families residing in the town. The population density was 1,064.2 people per square mile (410.4/km²). There were 545 housing units at an average density of 519.7 per square mile (200.4/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 61.20% White, 1.79% African American, 1.61% Native American, 0.27% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 29.48% from other races, and 5.56% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 53.14% of the population.
There were 452 households out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.3% were married couples living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.8% were non-families. 35.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 20.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.22.
In the town the population was spread out with 29.9% under the age of 18, 8.7% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 87.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.8 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $21,146, and the median income for a family was $25,125. Males had a median income of $25,625 versus $21,094 for females. The per capita income for the town was $12,566. About 19.3% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.5% of those under age 18 and 15.7% of those age 65 or over.
Government.
The Mayor of Mountainair is currently Chester Riley. Suzan Brazil serves as Mountainair Town Clerk. It is represented by the Mountainair Town Council which includes Mayor Pro-Tem George Immerwhar, Larry Zamora, Frank Anaya and Barbara Chung.

</doc>
<doc id="20635592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635592" title="Jeson Mor">
Jeson Mor

Jeson Mor (English: "Nine Horses") is a two-player strategy board game from Mongolia. It is considered a chess variant. The game is played on a 9×9 square checkered gameboard. Each player has nine chess knights which move exactly as they do in chess. They are initially lined up on the first rank of each player. The players attempt to place one of their knights onto the central square of the board (square e5), and then leave that square.
Equipment.
A 9×9 square checkered board is used. Alternatively, an 8×8 square grid can be used with pieces played on the intersection points. Each player has a set of nine chess knights; one set is colored black, the other white.

</doc>
<doc id="20635603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635603" title="Petrocosmea">
Petrocosmea

Petrocosmea is a genus of the family Gesneriaceae, the African violet family. Most of the species within this genus are endemic to high-altitude areas in Western China, although some are native to other parts of Asia. It is a rosette forming genus that generally grows on wet mossy rocks or forests.
The genus was discovered in China by Augustine Henry and was first described in 1887 by Daniel Oliver (Prof. of Botany, University College, London).
Species.
The genus contains around 25 species. The species listed below are taken from The Plant List
, unless otherwise indicated.
A further eight names were considered "unresolved"; they may be extra species or synonyms of existing species:

</doc>
<doc id="20635609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635609" title="Raising the Wind">
Raising the Wind

Raising the Wind may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20635626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635626" title="Shin-Maebashi Station">
Shin-Maebashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="20635631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635631" title="Des James">
Des James

Des James is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sandy Bay in the Tasmanian Football League (TFL). 
James, a back pocket, is noted his performances at the 1979 Perth State of Origin Carnival, which earned him a spot in the All-Australian team. An Indigenous player, he was inducted into the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20635635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635635" title="Enterprise architecture planning">
Enterprise architecture planning

Enterprise Architecture Planning (EAP) in Enterprise Architecture is the planning process of defining architectures for the use of information in support of the business and the plan for implementing those architectures.
Overview.
One of the earlier professional practitioners in the field of system architecture Steven H. Spewak in 1992 defined Enterprise Architecture Planning (EAP) as "the process of defining architectures for the use of information in support of the business and the plan for implementing those architectures." Spewak’s approach to EAP is similar to that taken by DOE in that the business mission is the primary driver. That is followed by the data required to satisfy the mission, followed by the applications that are built using that data, and finally by the technology to implement the applications.
This hierarchy of activity is represented in the figure above, in which the layers are implemented in order, from top to bottom. Based on the Business Systems Planning (BSP) approach developed by John Zachman, EAP takes a data-centric approach to architecture planning to provide data quality, access to data, adaptability to changing requirements, data interoperability and sharing, and cost containment. This view counters the more traditional view that applications should be defined before data needs are determined orx provided for.
EAP topics.
Zachman framework.
EAP defines the blueprint for subsequent design and implementation and it places the planning/defining stages into a framework. It does not explain how to define the top two rows of the Zachman Framework in detail but for the sake of the planning exercise, abbreviates the analysis. The Zachman Framework provides the broad context for the description of the architecture layers, while EAP focuses on planning and managing the process of establishing the business alignment of the architectures.
EAP is planning that focuses on the development of matrixes for comparing and analyzing data, applications, and technology. Most important, EAP produces an implementation plan. Within the Federal Enterprise Architecture, EAP will be completed segment enterprise by segment enterprise. The results of these efforts may be of Governmentwide value; therefore, as each segment completes EAP, the results will be published on the ArchitecturePlus web site.
EAP components.
Enterprise Architecture Planning model consists of four levels:
EAP methodology.
The Enterprise Architecture Planning (EAP) methodology is beneficial to understanding the further definition of the Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework at level IV. EAP is a how to approach for creating the top two rows of the Zachman Framework, Planner and Owner. The design of systems begins in the third row, outside the scope of EAP.
EAP focuses on defining what data, applications, and technology architectures are appropriate for and support the overall enterprise. Exhibit 6 shows the seven components (or steps) of EAP for defining these architectures and the related migration plan. The seven components are in the shape of a wedding cake, with each layer representing a different focus of each major task (or step).
Applications.
Spewak approach to Federal Enterprise Architecture has helped organizations with modeling, business strategy planning, process improvement, data warehousing, and various support systems designs, data administration standards, object-oriented and information engineering methodologies, and project management.

</doc>
<doc id="20635645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635645" title="Kovalchick Convention and Athletic Complex">
Kovalchick Convention and Athletic Complex

Kovalchick Convention and Athletic Complex is a sports and entertainment complex owned by the Indiana University of Pennsylvania in Indiana, Pennsylvania. The complex, which contains multi-use space for conferences and events as well as arena which will serve as the university's primary indoor venue totals , and stands on approximately of former salvage land adjacent to the university campus donated by the Kovalchick Salvage Company.
The Kovalchick Convention and Athletic Complex, located along Wayne Avenue adjacent to the Indiana University of Pennsylvania campus, is a one hundred forty eight thousand five hundred (148,500) square-foot facility that will offer multi-use adaptable space in the five thousand (5,000) seat Ed Fry Arena, the six hundred fifty (650) seat Christine Toretti Auditorium, the seventeen thousand (17,000) square-foot state of the art Conference Center with multiple breakout rooms, and the six thousand (6,000) square foot Corporate Training and Executive Conference Center. Included in the Conference Center is a fully equipped E-Conference Room with videoconferencing as well as teleconferencing capability.
An ideal venue for concerts, family shows, sporting events, conferences, conventions, trade shows, corporate seminars and much more, the Kovalchick Complex is projected to have a $22 million economic impact on the region during construction and an annual economic impact of $12.5 million in each year of operation.
The complex is named in honor of the Kovalchick Family, of Indiana, PA, who donated $2 million for the facility's construction.
Groundbreaking ceremonies for the Kovalchick Complex took place November 13, 2008, and included an announcement of a challenge grant for $1 million for the facility from Indiana University of Pennsylvania graduate Chad Hurley, co-founder of YouTube, in honor of Indiana University of Pennsylvania music professor and track and field coach Ed Fry. The arena portion of the Kovalchick Complex is named after Fry in honor of Hurley's gift. The Ed Fry Arena will be home to the IUP Men's and Women's Basketball teams and the IUP Women's Volleyball Team, a wide variety of concerts, family shows, trade shows, and much more.
Opening.
Early events scheduled after the opening of the arena included the Harlem Globetrotters and the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. Ticket sales for the March 10, 2011 show by the Globetrotters set the group's record for most sales in a week for a venue with a capacity of 5,000 or less. In addition to the Globetrotters and Circus, performances in the first months of operation included Waka Flocka Flame, Thirty Seconds to Mars with Anberlin, Widespread Panic, Steve Miller Band with Gregg Allman, Kenny Rogers, and comedians Rob Riggle and Steve Byrne. Tyga and B.o.B are scheduled for October 4, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20635660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635660" title="Discus perspectivus">
Discus perspectivus

Discus perspectivus is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20635679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635679" title="Navas (Barcelona Metro)">
Navas (Barcelona Metro)

Navas is a Barcelona Metro station located in the Sant Andreu district of Barcelona, served by L1. It opened in 1953. The name refers to carrer Navas de Tolosa, and the station was originally called "Navas de Tolosa" until it adopted its current name in 1982.
Like the rest of stations in this section of L1, Navas is located under Avinguda Meridiana, and can be accessed from the street of the same name and from carrer de Biscaia.
On February 21, 2007 a deaf ONCE lottery seller was murdered in the station by being pushed on to the railtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20635687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635687" title="Spark Bridge">
Spark Bridge

Spark Bridge is a former mill village in Cumbria, England on the border of the Lake District National Park. The village is small in population, due to the large amount of houses bought by tourists. 
Facilities in the village.
There are two public houses, The Royal Oak Inn is central to the village; this was awarded a 4 star food safety award in 2008. There is also Farmers Arms which is situated at the top of the village, next to the main road. The village also has its own postbox, a telephone box and a bus stop. The bus X 12 is run by Blueworks, and connects during the day with other local services to Kendal on the X 35, Barrow taking the number 6 or, Millom and Broughton.
Speed restrictions.
Cumbria County Council have recently placed a 30 mile per hour speed restriction on the village. Signs for these have recently been erected along with new signs reading the name of the village, these are located on all 5 main roads into the village
River Crake.
The River Crake passes from Coniston Water four miles away through Spark Bridge en route to the Leven Estuary.
2009 Flooding.
During 2009 the village flooded twice. 
November 2009 saw some severe flooding in the village, causing problems for local residents are many of the tributaries feeding the River Crake overflowed, feeding water on the local road network. The floods also saw the cellar of The Royal Oak Inn flooded to the level of the top of the beer barrels. The Farmers Arms was closed for other a month due to water ingress. Tarmaced roads were ripped up by the fast flowing water, and some properties electricity supplies were cut off due to water entering them and flooding the electrical systems. 
On a second occasion, the River Crake burst its banks and flooded several houses adjacent to the river. Some residents had to be rescued from their homes by an RAF Sea King helicopter. The river normally drops down at a weir like system, this time the river level stayed constant as it was so high and did not drop down the weir at all. It flooded the garden of Sunny Glen, damaged a pier and footbridge, and then flowed into the mill cottages and several barn conversions at full speed. A wall had to be cut out to let the water back into the river as it was filling up next to some of the homes. The village hall also flooded severely, the downstairs level was under several inches of water. The river road into the village became impassable, the river flowed over fields and then down the road at a considerable pace for a good 400 metres. Cumbria Police closed the main bridge on Thursday night around 7 p.m. to all on foot and in cars, they feared that the structure maybe considerably damaged as it was put under a huge amount of stress by the deluge of water. 
Photos can be seen at - http://www.stridingedge.net/Walks/2009/11.November/20.11.09.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20635693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635693" title="Raising the Wind (1925 film)">
Raising the Wind (1925 film)

Raising the Wind is a 1925 British silent-era short comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod.

</doc>
<doc id="20635699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635699" title="Désirée Artôt">
Désirée Artôt

Désirée Artôt (21 July 1835 – 3 April 1907) was a Belgian soprano (initially a mezzo-soprano), who was famed in German and Italian opera and sang mainly in Germany. In 1868 she was engaged, briefly, to Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, who claimed she was the only woman he ever loved, and who may have coded her name into works such as his First Piano Concerto and the "Romeo and Juliet" Fantasy-Overture. After her 1869 marriage to the Spanish baritone Mariano Padilla y Ramos, she was known as Désirée Artôt de Padilla or Désirée Artôt-Padilla.
Biography.
Family background.
Marguerite-Joséphine-Désirée Montagney Artôt was the daughter of Jean Désiré Montagney Artôt, a horn player at La Monnaie in Brussels and professor at the Brussels Conservatory. Her uncle was the violinist Alexandre Artôt (1815–1845). He had been born Alexandre Joseph (or Joseph-Alexandre) Montagney, but adopted the surname Artôt professionally, and the rest of his family followed suit. Another uncle was the Belgian portrait painter Charles Baugniet (1814–1886).
Early career.
She studied with Pauline Viardot and Francesco Lamperti in London and Paris. She appeared in concerts in Belgium, the Netherlands and on 19 June 1857 at a State Concert in England. Giacomo Meyerbeer engaged her for the Paris Opéra, where she made her debut on 5 February 1858 as Fidès in his "Le prophète", to great success. She also sang the title role in a condensed version of Gounod’s "Sapho". Hector Berlioz and others praised her singing in the "Journal des Débats" on 17 February. However, she abandoned the French repertoire and went to sing in Italy in 1859. She also sang in Berlin that year, at the opening of the Victoria Theatre with Lorini’s Italian company. She was highly successful in "The Barber of Seville", "La Cenerentola", "Il trovatore" and other roles there. 
Artôt sang in London in 1859-60 and again in 1863 (at Her Majesty's Theatre), in "La fille du régiment", "La traviata", and "Norma" (as Adalgisa, with Thérèse Tietjens in the title role). In 1861, she was briefly engaged to the Welsh harpist John Thomas.
She returned to England in 1864, where she sang at Covent Garden, and 1866, in Gounod's "Faust" and other roles.
Russia and Tchaikovsky.
In 1868 she visited Russia with a touring Italian company that also include Roberto Stagno. She captivated Moscow: at a reception for her at the home of Maria Begicheva, the hostess knelt before Artôt and kissed her hand. (Maria Begicheva was the wife of the repertory director of the Moscow state theatres, and the mother, from her first marriage, of one of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's future lovers, Vladimir Shilovsky.)
Désirée Artôt met Tchaikovsky briefly at a party at the Begichevs in the spring. He also visited her after her benefit performance, for which he wrote additional recitatives for a production of Daniel Auber's opera "Le domino noir". They again met by chance at a musical party, where she expressed her surprise that he had not visited her more often during the autumn. He promised he would do so, but he did not intend to keep his promise, however Anton Rubinstein persuaded him to see her at the opera. She then started to send him invitations every day, and he became accustomed to visiting her every evening. He later described her to his brother Modest as possessing "exquisite gesture, grace of movement, and artistic poise". He had put aside his work on his symphonic poem "Fatum" in order to give her all his attention. It seems plausible that Tchaikovsky was more captivated in her as a singer and actor than as a romantic interest, and had difficulty in separating the artist from the person. Tchaikovsky dedicated his "Romance in F minor" for piano, Op. 5, to Artôt. 
By the end of the year, marriage was being considered. It has been said that this was Tchaikovsky’s first serious attempt to conquer his homosexuality. Her mother, who was travelling with her, opposed the marriage. There were three reasons for this: a certain unnamed Armenian man who sat in the front seat at all Artôt's performances, and was in love with her himself, told her mother lies about Tchaikovsky's background and his financial status which, being a stranger to Russian customs, she had no reason to disbelieve; then there was Tchaikovsky's age - he was five years Artôt's junior; and finally, she may have heard rumours about Tchaikovsky's sexual practices. Tchaikovsky's father, on the other hand, supported his son's plans. Artôt herself was not prepared to abandon her career to support a struggling composer, and neither was Tchaikovsky prepared to become merely a prima donna's husband, despite saying he could scarcely imagine living the rest of his life without her. Some of Tchaikovsky's friends, such as Nikolai Rubinstein, advised him against the marriage because being the husband of a foreign singing celebrity would mean he would have to forego his own musical career. The matter was left undecided, and no formal announcement was made, but they planned to meet again in the summer of 1869 at her estate near Paris to finalise the question of their marriage. Then the opera company left to continue its tour in Warsaw. By the beginning of 1869, however, Tchaikovsky was having second thoughts. He wrote to his brother Anatoly that it was doubtful the marriage would ever take place. He wrote ""... this affair is beginning to fall apart somewhat"".
Although she did not communicate this fact to Tchaikovsky, as the social conventions of the time would have demanded, Artôt also changed her mind. (One source claims it was her singing teacher Pauline Viardot who persuaded Artôt not to marry Tchaikovsky.) On 15 September 1869, either in Sèvres or Warsaw, Artôt married a member of her company, the Spanish baritone Mariano Padilla y Ramos. Padilla was seven years her junior, and he was someone she had previously ridiculed to Tchaikovsky. Nikolai Rubinstein was advised of the marriage by telegram, and he went to inform Tchaikovsky straight away. He was in the midst of a rehearsal for his opera "The Voyevoda", and when he heard Rubinstein's news, he became quite upset, abandoned the rehearsal, and left immediately. 
While the general view has been that Tchaikovsky got over the affair fairly quickly, it has been suggested that he kept Artôt in his heart for a long time. When writing his Piano Concerto No. 1 in B-flat minor in 1874, he included in the slow movement the tune of a popular French song "Il faut s’amuser et rire", which Artôt had in her repertoire. The flute solo that starts the movement may also be a reference to her. The second subject of the first movement starts with the notes D flat–A (in German Des–A), which the musicologist David Brown argues is a musical cipher on Artôt’s name, Désirée Artôt. The use of initials spelled out in musical pitches is a device often used by Robert Schumann (for example, in his "Carnaval"), and Tchaikovsky was a great admirer of Schumann's music. The sequence D flat–A is naturally resolved by a B flat, which, according to Brown, determined the overall key of the entire concerto, B flat minor, a very unusual key for a concerto or symphony. The famous opening theme of the first movement is written in the relative major key, D flat major (Des), and after being played twice, it never reappears (perhaps an echo of Artôt’s sudden disappearance from his life). The theme is introduced by a descending minor key gesture (F–D flat–C–B flat) on the horns, which might be a reference to Artôt's father, a professor of horn, but is more likely a reference to the composer himself: he used the sequence E–C–B–A as his own signature in other works, and the horn gesture is E–C–B–A transposed from A minor to B flat minor. There are other suggestions that Tchaikovsky coded his own name into the concerto, and Artôt's name into the symphonic poem "Fatum", the Symphony No. 3, and the "Romeo and Juliet" Fantasy-Overture. He never revealed the program of "Fatum", and later even destroyed the score (although it was reconstructed from the orchestral parts and published posthumously as Op. 77).
The Artôt episode was very fresh in Tchaikovsky's mind at the time he wrote "Romeo and Juliet". He could easily have drawn a parallel between his personal loss and the tragedy of Shakespeare’s drama. Mily Balakirev praised "Romeo and Juliet"'s love theme (written in D flat = Des) with an extraordinary choice of words: ""... the second D flat tune is delightful ... It is full of tenderness and the sweetness of love ... When I play it I imagine you are lying naked in your bath and that the Artôt-Padilla herself is washing your stomach with hot lather from scented soap"". It was Balakirev who had first suggested Tchaikovsky write a "Romeo and Juliet" piece, in May 1869 (or August). The work (in its first version) was completed on 29 November 1869, just two months after Artôt’s marriage to Padilla.
On her December 1870 Moscow visit, Tchaikovsky went to hear her as Marguerite in Gounod's "Faust". He was reported to have had tears streaming down his cheeks (although he was often moved to tears by music); they did not meet on this occasion. In 1875 she was again in Moscow, singing in Meyerbeer's "Les Huguenots". Calling on Nikolai Rubinstein one day at the Conservatorium, Tchaikovsky and his friend Nikolay Kashkin were asked to wait because "a foreign lady" was with Rubinstein in his office. The foreign lady soon emerged, and it turned out to be Désirée Artôt. Both she and Tchaikovsky were so flustered that they exchanged no words, and she left hurriedly. Tchaikovsky burst out laughing, saying "And I thought I was in love with her!".
In December 1887, she had a chance encounter with Tchaikovsky in Berlin, at a performance of Berlioz's "Grande Messe des morts", and they were glad to renew their acquaintaince, but there was no mention of past events. On 4 February 1888, Artôt met Tchaikovsky again in Berlin. Tchaikovsky spent a part of each of the five days he had there with her, and spent an evening with her on 7 February at 17 Landgrafstrasse, during which she asked him to write a romance for her. He wrote in his diary: ""This evening is counted among the most agreeable recollections of my sojourn in Berlin. The personality and the art of this singer are as irresistibly bewitching as ever"." In May he wrote to her, promising the song by August. During the summer, the composer’s time was taken up with various major works, including the "Hamlet" overture-fantasia, which was completed on 19 October. By now, he had decided to write not one song for Artôt, but six, keeping in mind the present range of her voice. He chose untranslated French texts by three poets. The "Six French Songs", Op. 65, were finished on 22 October, and the set was dedicated to Désirée Artôt-Padilla. He concluded his 29 October letter to her with the hope that she would like them and ""... one is a little intimidated when one is composing for a singer one considers the greatest among the great"".
Later career.
After Artôt's marriage to Mariano Padilla y Ramos, she was often known as Désirée Artôt de Padilla or Désirée Artôt-Padilla. Artôt appeared with Padilla in Italian opera in Germany, Austria, Poland, Sweden, Belgium, the Netherlands, Denmark, Russia, and Finland. She appeared in Moscow in 1868-70 and again in 1875-76, and in Saint Petersburg in 1871–72 and 1876–77. She had a tempestuous temperament and her onstage battles with Minnie Hauk in Moscow in the 1870s are well documented.
Artôt retired in 1884, but on 22 March 1887 she and Padilla appeared in a scene from "Don Giovanni" in a celebration of the Emperor's birthday at the Imperial Palace in Berlin; it was also the centenary year of "Don Giovanni". She became a singing teacher in Berlin until 1889, before moving to Paris. She died in 1907 in Paris (or Berlin), just four months after her husband died.
Artôt's and Padilla's daughter Lola Artôt de Padilla had a highly successful career as an operatic soprano, creating Vreli in Delius's "A Village Romeo and Juliet".

</doc>
<doc id="20635700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635700" title="Povilas Stravinsky">
Povilas Stravinsky

Povilas Stravinsky is a Lithuanian pianist active in the United States, where he serves as the Orchestra Seattle artist in residence. 
A graduate from the Moscow Conservatory, he has been a professor at the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre and was named an Honored Artist of Lithuania. He has recorded for Melodiya.

</doc>
<doc id="20635712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635712" title="Discus ruderatus">
Discus ruderatus

Discus ruderatus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20635759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635759" title="Davinia Palmer">
Davinia Palmer

Davinia Palmer (born in Swansea, South Wales, UK on March 7, 1980) is a Welsh TV presenter and voiceover artist now based in the US.
Radio career.
Davinia Palmer began her career in entertainment as a radio host in 1997. She was a ‘new music’ reviewer on Leigh Jones' evening show on Swansea's The Wave 96.4 FM
Her first solo show was in 1998 at Preston’s 97.4 Rock FM; where she presented weekend overnights. In 1999 Davinia went on to host at Cardiff’s Red Dragon FM. Davinia began presenting the "Hot 30 Countdown" at 2 Ten FM in Reading in November 1999. Staying within the GWR Group she continued to host the "Hot 30 Countdown" on Worcester’s Wyvern FM in 2000, before her final move within the group to Wolverhampton’s Beacon FM at the end of the same year. During her time at GWR she also hosted on GWR's national contemporary DAB digital radio station CORE.
Breaking into television.
Davinia moved to London, and transitioned into TV Hosting in 2001 presenting on "T:tv" at Oxford Circus's Topshop. She continued to work weekend radio shows at Oxford’s Fox FM, presenting the "Interactive Juke Box".
BBC Radio 1.
In 2003 Davinia Palmer became the voiceover for BBC Radio 1's on air imaging and station sound. Here, she voiced many campaigns and shows including BBC Radio 1's "Official Chart Show" then hosted by Wes Butters, and the Sony Radio Academy Award Bronze winner for BBC Radio 1 Campaign of the Year in 2005. Around this time she was also the station voice for GCAP's Chill on the DAB digital radio platform. She voiced BBC One's "BBC Summer" Campaign, and various trails for CBBC and CBeebies, as well as voicing production for BBC Radio Five Live, including their Sony Radio Award Gold Winning Production in 2004.
National TV.
In 2004 Davinia Palmer presented on price-drop tv broadcast on Sky Digital and Freeview in the UK. In 2004 to 2005 she was also a continuity announcer on LIVINGtv. In late 2005 she became the imaging voice for Chrysalis Radio's "Heart" network within the UK.
International TV.
Davinia signed with the "Daniel Hoff Agency" in Los Angeles in winter 2005. Living overseas she continued to record UK radio imaging for Heart FM, and Chill, and she also became the voice of GCAP's Holiday FM broadcast across Europe.
In October 2007 in the US Davinia started working as a TV host on QVC; She resigned within a year, her last show aired in October 2008. Rumors say she repeatedly showed up late to work and had no time to fix her hair or apply makeup, which was obvious when watching her on air. Often she appeared with greasy, stringy hair and a stark, no-makeup look, which was frightening to some viewers.
[http://www.qvc.com/qic/qvcapp.aspx/app.html/params.file.%7Ccp%7Ccp_host_palmer,html/left.html.file.%7Cnav%7Cnavhqhosts,html/walk.html.%7Cnav%7Cnavhqhosts,html]
In 2011, Davinia is currently represented by WME, (William Morris Endeavour) in Los Angeles, CA - under Eric Seastrand. l
Since 2007, she has been the female station voice of Bauer Radio's Big City Network including Key 103, Rock FM, Radio City, Radio Aire, Viking FM, TFM Radio, CFM, Metro Radio and Hallam FM and as of 2010 Bauer's The Hits in the UK. 
In 2010, her voice launched the worldwide TV campaign of Paco Rabanne's new signature fragrance for women 'Lady Million', featuring Dree Hemmingway She is also the voice of Cunard Line's 'White Star News' played aboard the "Queen Elizabeth", "Queen Mary" and "Queen Victoria" cruise liners. She is the storyteller voice of Oceanhouse Media's "Elmer the Patchwork Elephant" apps downloadable for iOS (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch).
Trivia.
Davinia's last name is actually Parton, she started using her Mother's maiden name Palmer in 1999, to continue on her late grandfather's family name. She co-presented on The Wave 96.4 FM's breakfast show before attending classes at Olchfa Sixth Form, in Swansea.

</doc>
<doc id="20635770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20635770" title="Echigo-Kawaguchi Station">
Echigo-Kawaguchi Station


</doc>
